
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
William Shakespeare once wrote, "What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet". It was at a surface level quite comforting to read that small passage, which alluded to the nonsense of a label given to her by people she hardly cared for. However, she couldn't help but think, that if Shakespeare had been Eleanor Margaret Grindlewald, he would've saved that optimism for another time.Truth, like the value of a name is subjective. But like all subjective things, people paradoxically manage to be particularly ignorant of that fact. History is written by the victors, they say and the victors are often hailed heroes. But what about the villains? Perhaps, despite their many misgivings and crimes, there was a time when these people were simply on a path that was paved by the misfortune that they ultimately come to perpetuate later on. Can we honestly say that our morality and ethics are entirely down to our good character and not the product of the trials and tribulations - or lack thereof - we have come to know?This is a story about villains and as you know, it does not have a happy ending. But at least, it's true.
  Sort of.
Perhaps truth is subjective, but lies often aren't. The biggest lie ever told was that the devil was a frightening creature with red skin and horns that reigned terror in hell. In all the noise and politics it's too easy to forget he was once an angel and that he is not in hell - but in our reality. Tom Riddle was the most deceptive devil of them all and who better to dance with, than someone that would burn the world to a crisp just for you?He stood there in front of her with conflict in his piercing glare that she had come to know well. The tension of their duel radiated through them and cast dangerous energy reverberating in the air, causing her heart to beat a little faster than she liked."You're a monster" she howled at him, a tear escaping down her cheek."And yet you still care" his voice was taunting, and sliced like a knife through her racing heart."Yes," she whimpered quietly, closing her eyes to suppress the tears that welled in them. She couldn't help but give in to all the feelings she had suppressed after all this time, it was the dam that she built up had finally broken loose and once it started, not even he could stop the destruction of it."Why?" Tom questioned, his tortured eyes were searching hers and his stance was rigid. It was as if he was begging her for an answer. Something that could explain it all. He detested not understanding things and felt fury pulsating through him as a result.Eleanor had never seen him so stressed. His usual calm and collected demeanour was peeled back to reveal another side of him that was pure chaos. His eyes flickered between love and hate as embers burnt and froze in them, a silent war waged in his mind and there could only be one victor."Because only a monster could love another," Eleanor admitted with a sad smile and a tear ran down the faint scar on her cheek.Bracing herself, she prepared to die. Waiting for the blissful prayer of 'Avada Kadavra' to fall from his soft lips that she had come to be well acquainted with. Eleanor sighed in peace, finally ready to rid herself of her tribulations. After all, if anyone was to end her she was glad it was him.But it never came, because the monster before her couldn't do what he had always vowed to do. Tom realised in that moment, he couldn't destroy everything in his path to order and power because maybe, order and power were just as important as her.She felt a cold hand cup her cheek and her breath hitched at the sensation of him being so close. She wouldn't dare open her eyes in case it was all a dream.
  And with that, he waged war on the world around him, but never let a scratch grace her skin.
*** WarningMature content and graphic scenes which might be disturbing to some (violence, rape, gore, sex) and so it is rated 18+ only. This story is about bad people, they commit awful crimes and I in no way wish to glorify that. Instead, the characters in this story serve to add nuance to the 'villain' label bestowed on them. Please be mindful of this when you read as I don't want any misinterpretation.UpdatesStarted 27th November 2021 and is ongoing. I am currently trying to publish three chapters a week while I am on university holidays. I update first on Wattpad and usually a couple of days later on Ao3CreditOf course, this incredible world and the characters in it all belong to JK Rowling. I, in no way claim any of their stories or her work as my own. There are a few original characters that I have formulated from the foundations of her literature. This fanfiction is a love letter to the magical world of Harry Potter and to the characters in it that we didn't get enough back story on.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Some of you say, 'Joy is greater than sorrow,' and others say, 'Nay, sorrow is the greater.'

  But I say unto you, they are inseparable.

  Together they come, and when one sits alone with you at your board, remember that the other is asleep upon your bed."
 
  ***
Apparating was never pleasant. It was the feeling of nausea, acute dizziness and momentary paralysis while watching your anatomy move in ways it should never - that was at the root of the discomfort. However at this moment, apparating was not her greatest discomfort and it wasn't even that she had no idea where she was being taken to.Instead, it was the memory of the last hour that was the root of the turning in her stomach. Hiding. Screams. Kicking. Green light. Flashes swept past her mind but the scent of blood and the rapid beating in her chest seemed to linger. These thoughts were interrupted when she suddenly came into rough contact with sharp pebbles that ripped through her stockings and pierced her kneecaps and palms. Once she steadied herself, she looked up and noticed the full moon in deep contrast to the pitch-black sky, it must be midnight, she thought. High hedges wrapped around her like the walls of a prison and the faint smell of sickly-sweet roses pricked at her nose. It was at this time she became aware of the foreboding figure looming next to her to which she had the misfortune of being acquainted. He was a tall man, (lanky even) with bulging eyes and a balding head. Hardly something marvel over, she thought.  However, his height and wide stare gave him an intimidating edge which Eleanor tried to not let bother her. The velvet of his dark purple robes shone as it caught a ray of the moon, and this made the ruby-encrusted clasp that met at his neck seem almost blood red. 'Typical Ministry of Magic man', she thought bitterly. Her mind was brought back to her father, who always said the ministry were 'cloaked in finery but never had the dignity to carry it'.  He was smiling down at her in the way a butcher might smile at a prized pig, scared and shaking in a dirty pen. "Come on now sweetheart, don't want you too bloodied up before we even get there," he said, his low and calm voice somehow complimenting his ever-present intimidation. She simply glared in response, biting down the insults that threatened to pour from her mouth. They walked along a lengthy pathway that seemed to be a component of a rather grand garden complete with sculptures and marble fountains that glistened in the moonlight. The faint outline of a large gothic-style manor painted the distance. As her eyes adjusted to the approaching home, it blurred and she realised she was exhausted. Her head throbbed and her heart hurt. The past few hours of her life had been the singular most dreadful moments in her entire existence.
  However, she had the looming feeling it was about to get even worse.
As they approached the marble stairs that lead to an imposing wooden door welcoming them to the manor, she made sure to keep a few steps behind the man, who murdered her family - destroying her life in the process.Before the lanky man could raise his wand to ring the doorbell, the sound of the wooden door creaking open made its way to her ears. She was sure she was being sent to some horrific orphanage, or maybe a worker's house for troubled girls. Much to her surprise, as it opened she was met with the familiar face of her uncle, Actaeus Malfoy. He stood rigidly with a cane in his gloved hand, although he appeared to not need it for any assistance. Actaeus was every bit an aristocrat, he looked perfectly polished. His characteristic silver hair was pulled back tightly behind his head and he wore an expression of supreme arrogance that seemed to be tailored to his sharp features perfectly. Eleanor had only met him a handful of times in her life and his face never seemed to change, always calculating and cold. "Ah, Mr Malfoy," greeted her unfriendly guardian in a sly manner. Her uncle didn't respond except with a look of disgust directed at the ministry man. His glare wandered to the girl who stood with bloody knees and scratched palms behind him. He took her in as if assessing every inch of her, which made her feel nauseatingly uncomfortable. She knew her hair was raggedly messy and her once pristine white cotton dress was painted with the blood of her loved ones. Almost subconsciously, she wrapped her black cloak around her broken body to disguise the extent of her hagged appearance.Eleanor looked like a gutter rat at the foot of such a palatially grand home. If she wasn't so traumatised, perhaps it would have been humorous. "I assume she's an orphan then..." Actaeus finally spoke with venom. He must have been expecting this eventuality, the ministry Aurors had been hunting the inner circle of Grindlewald supporters for over a year now. It was only a matter of time before they found the second in command to the rebellion leader himself; Anthony and Calliope Grindelwald.The ministry man didn't appear affected and laughed breathily, "Yes, I'm afraid so", he replied as if he was commenting on something as conversationally mundane as the weather.The man was dismissed almost immediately and she was prompted to enter the foyer of the manor by an agitated voice."Are you waiting for an invitation..?"He wasn't a pleasant man, but she wasn't stupid enough to expect any niceties of polite company. Not with the Malfoy's at least. Her scuffed heels clicked on the black and white shiny tiles of the floor and she was welcomed into an expansive but cold room, complete with portraits of many glaring silver-haired witches and wizards – her distant relatives. Her mother Calliope, was a Malfoy - however she did not see any likeness in the stoic man that stood before her. She was every bit the antithesis of her uncle. Warm and bright, like a nymph, an undeniable joy always found in the curve of her smile and the glint in her eyes.They stood in awkward silence for a moment as she was reminded of her mother and tears pricked at her bloodshot eyes. But she fought them back as she knew emotion would not be appreciated by her uncle, who looked as if he was struggling to manage the words to say something. His refined moustache twitched as he did and finally he looked at her with a hard but reassuring gaze, "I will see to it that they pay for what they did to her."This seemed to be the closest thing to a reassuring hug he could muster. And for the first time in what seemed like the longest day of her life, she felt something warm and positive whirl in her mind. However, it was not the joyous positivity you might be accustomed to, it was the promise of vengeance and a newfound taste for violent delights. A trait, she assumed, was now shared with her uncle and perhaps all the figures glaring at her on the wall.   
  
    Chapter Text
     
  "Perhaps if Death is kind, and there can be returning,

  We will come back to earth some fragrant night,

  And take these lanes to find the sea, and bending

  Breathe the same honeysuckle, low and white.

  We will come down at night to these resounding beaches

  And the long gentle thunder of the sea,

  Here for a single hour in the wide starlight

  We shall be happy, for the dead are free."

   

  ***

  A blood-curdling scream filled the thick air of the room from her tired throat. Her purple knuckles came into contact with the oak of the door once again. She felt like a ravenous dog, howling and kicking to escape. 

  All of her efforts were met with silence; a seemingly dark fate of tortured isolation.

  As her knees gave out, she sunk into the back of the door towards the cold stone floors of the powder room she was locked in. Whimpering, she stared at the cracks in the floor in disbelief, unsure of how exactly her life had turned upside down in a matter of forty minutes.

  And then it started.

  "No, No please!" A cry she only knew as her sisters met her ears and forced the hair on her arms to prick up and the blood in her veins to turn to acid. 

  A scratching could be heard against the other side of the door.

  "Elle! Please help!" She heard her nickname being begged from the other side and the sound of ragged thumping sound. She knew what was happening to Clara, she knew her parents' cold bodies would not run warm again and her wild eyes and rapid breathing sent her into a panic she never knew. 

  The pain was unbearable, so she began to scream until her throat was bloody and her voice was all but the ghost of a croaky shriek. 
Eleanor's eyes flashed open and she became acutely aware of the damp sheets engulfing her. It felt hot despite it being a bone-chilling evening. She was so preoccupied with her fright she didn't even notice the figure hovering next to her on the bed. A cold dainty hand cupped her cheek with an angelic hushing sound. Her cousin, Octavia came into focus as she rubbed her eyes that were filled with pools of viscous tears. The moonlight that pierced through the window reflected marvellously on Octavia's silver hair, making her look somehow more ethereal than usual and illuminated the angelic concern painted on her face. "Clara again?" Octavia asked in her musical voice, although she knew the answer.A wave of guilt rushed over Eleanor as she had realised that once again, she had woken her cousin up in the dead of night. Although Octavia didn't seem to mind that every night for the past week had been a repeat of this. She drifted in every night to comfort her, patting her hand and lulling her back to sleep. However, she did appear to be overwhelmingly worried about the broken girl. A reassuring smile replaced her concerned brow as Eleanor took a deep breath – as if coming up for air after a deep dive in the ocean. Eleanor nodded, "I'm sorry..." she croaked out, her voice was just as fractured as her mind. A familiar pounding reverberated in her head as she clutched it with a wince.Octavia reached for the small glass vial on her bedside table and withdrew the pipette."Here darling, have some of this." She took the potion, it was thick and smelled heavy and rich - like aniseed. The potion was something she had been taking for the past few days after her uncle finally called for a healer. He prescribed an assortment of relaxants and sleep medications which eased her mind and calmed her heart, but left a dull ache where her memories once sat. That's the thing about drugs, they never seemed to actually cure anything and simply just covered the symptoms like a cloak, allowing the memories to lay format in her mind until she reached the lack of consciousness. She closed her eyes, and the peace of the night swiftly took her, but not before she remembered the dimpled smile of her little sister once more and how it contrasted to the blank, cold stare of her dead body.
  ***
Eleanor's eyes hazily trailed over the seemingly prim and perfect family before her. At the head of the grand dining table, Actaeus Malfoy sat impossibly straight as he sipped his morning tea and intently read the Daily Prophet. Something he did every morning despite his hatred for the journalists - a trait that both confused and amused Eleanor.Next to him sat her aunt Edwina, whose luscious strawberry hair was curled and pinned into a French roll that seemed to defy all laws of gravity. She raised a dainty hand to her chin in deep thought as she spoke to Octavia - sitting opposite to them gracefully cutting a pear into perfect pieces- about something Eleanor had not bothered to regard with much attention. Finally, next to Octavia sat Abraxas, Octavia's twin brother. His eyebrow hitched towards his scalp and his face contorted into a scowl that would surely make an infant cry. She watched as his posture straightened to match his father's, although it seemed more forced and his gaze directed at his mother was fiercened by his navy blue eyes. She mused at how she must appear to them. Her messy chestnut hair, not at all brushed, sprayed across her borrowed silk pyjama top, which didn't quite fit, and the black circles creating a ghoulish circumference around her dulled reddened eyes. It was very clear she looked nothing like her mother's family. She felt like the runt of the litter amongst her new pristine household.Like a broken doll tossed away to the bottom of a dusty toy box. Eleanor always wanted to look like her mother. A true Malfoy, with a starkly straight silver bob that never seemed to stray from perfect. The only thing Eleanor shared was her stormy blue eyes, a trait that seemed to run in the Malfoy gene pool. Unfortunately for her, she took after her father in every other respect and carried on his warm-toned features. But now that he was gone, she thought that maybe having the ghost of his complexion might not be so bad. After all, it was all she had left of him. Apart from the memories of that day and the stark picture of his blank, pale face drained of any life, which haunted the crevices of her mind. "What will you be wearing Eleanor dear?" Edwina's articulate voice interrupted her thoughts, and three pairs of eyes all met her own. She looked down at her plate of untouched eggs and toast, embarrassed at not being remotely aware of the subject of conversation. Before she could reply, Octavia chimed in, "I think Eleanor would look simply stunning in black for the All-Hallows ball." Eleanor gave her a sympathetic smile for saving her the discomfort of admitting she was in her own head again. Something that had become a routine occurrence despite her aunts many attempts to make her sociable.Her aunts' beady eyes lit up and she clasped her hands together in glee "Oh yes, absolutely," she chimed approvingly. Abraxas scoffed and pointedly added, "Yes, black will perfectly match her dreary disposition nicely," earning a piece of toast hurdled at his head from Octavia's plate. "What is the All-Hallows Ball?" she inquired, attempting to appear somewhat interested with the acknowledgment.Octavia smiled, clearly excited "It's only the most important society event of the season...I must warn you though, it's hosted by the parents of one of Abraxas' awful friends - Theodore Lestrange..." her perfect nose crinkled as if suddenly smelling vinegar, "A completely debauched cad - if you ask me."Abraxas smiled back at her menacingly "At least I have actual friends, dear sister, and not just a pack of annoying sycophants like you,". Octavia rolled her eyes in clear frustration, not needing to defend her friends whom although weren't deemed 'popular' were much superior in every way, or so she thought. Eleanor once was told that twins had an undying and loving bond, but the Malfoy twins seemed to establish this was nothing but a wives tale. The only thing they seemed to share was a mutual dislike for each other, as well as the obvious facial similarities of course. "It will be a wonderful opportunity for you to meet your fellow classmates..." Aunt Edwina chimed in excitedly, before adding with a smirk, "well the ones that matter anyway."The thought of socialising made Eleanor's stomach churn. The only time she came out of her room was to eat and when Octavia physically forced her, often by dragging. Drinking champagne and pretending to be happy was not something she could muster up yet, however, it seemed she had little choice in the matter. "Oh! And you will finally get to meet Caspian!" Octavia beamed with excited eyes.Abraxas snorted from the other side of the table, "If he hasn't dumped you by then, that is..." Caspian Mulciber was Octavia's boyfriend. Eleanor knew a lot about him because Octavia spoke about him for at least two hours every day. He never failed to send her a daily letter at 12:30 pm on the dot, which usually contained the mundane recollection of his activities and a variation of romantic sap. She enjoyed seeing her cousin happy though, seeing how her eyes lit up with the mention of him. A small part of her wondered if anyone would ever be able to give her half of the evident joy he gave her. Probably not, she thought.After begrudgingly agreeing to see a 'haute couture' seamstress tomorrow with her aunt and cousin, she excused herself and left her untouched plate of food and perfect relatives to their business. There was nothing more she wanted than to be alone with a book. Someway to disconnect herself from the reality she found herself in. Eleanor had discovered the extensive and seemingly abandoned Malfoy library yesterday behind a cobwebbed door of the east wing and was keen to go back. Malfoy manor was beautiful in the way a cathedral was beautiful, the antiquity of its stone walls and high ceilings seemed to create a feeling of otherworldliness. But it was stark and cold in ambience, the vast rooms and spaces felt stale almost as if they were afraid to be lived in. She compared it to the muggle cathedrals of Florence, a city that was nearby where she grew up. Her parents hid them away in one of their many family estates in the hills of Tuscany for most of their life. It was a place of real magic, where the surrounding trees and the birds seemed just as enchanted as her own life. Every inch of the cream villa that sat on the top of a steep rolling hill was warm and airy. There was an ethereal beauty to it that the cold and stark Malfoy manor lacked. A pang of sadness crept up on her and a small ache in her heart met her thoughts. All she wanted was to go back. Although, perhaps the warmth died there that day with her family. She pushed the thought out of her mind.As she rounded the corner on the third floor a pair of ornately carved doors came into her eyesight at the end of the corridor. The smell of wood burning on a fireplace and aged parchment approached her as she wandered into the imposingly large library, the heavy doors opening to welcome her. It was the size of a ballroom and was complete with an innumerable amount of books which ranged from famed works such as the 'Autobiography of Merlin' to more sinister titles such as 'Blood Hexes; A Complete Guide'. She picked up the latter, as the dark arts were always of interesting to her and she knew that the knowledge might come in handy one day when she was ready to take her revenge. It was here that she made her home for the day, by the fire in an aged-leather brown armchair, in a desperate effort to distract from her heavy eyes and empty heart she opened the first page.Burying her mind in anything that could be a distraction, the darker the better.
  ***
"You really have put on weight dear..." Aunt Edwina chimed in from the elaborate sofa as she sipped from a teacup. Octavia and Eleanor stood on small platforms a few meters away from each other draped in fabrics that were pinned loosely to their frames. Octavia grimaced venomously, "Yes, thank you mother for that observation..." Eleanor looked over at her, a piece of beige tulle embroidered in intricate gold leaves was slewed over her shoulder and as it tightened around her waist and legs she winced. The dressmaker, who stood next to the sofa, nodded in agreement at Edwina's comment. She was a frail woman, dressed in a tight red dress with an exaggerated ruffled neckline, clicking a shiny black heel in concentration as she waved her wand at Octavia's adjusting waistline.Eleanor, on the other hand, was draped in a thick black material that cinched in at her waist and protruded out widely. She used to love decadent gowns and sumptuous events, it was something their mother insisted on them being a part of. Their role as and status as Grindelwald's in central Europe made them privy to many exclusive balls and parties and her attendance as one of the two heirs to the Grindelwald family was required.Now, that delight was gone. It was replaced with a knowing feeling that she would never waltz with her sister again after too many martinis. Which would then earn the glares of their parents for breaking the 'only dance with eligible bachelors' protocol – which they returned with laughter."You truly are a classic beauty underneath your lack of trying dear," the seamstress shrilled at her in a tone that suggested it was a compliment. From the small plinth next to her, she heard Octavia scoff and she too stifled a laugh at the rudeness of the comment."Why thank you, madam, that's so very kind of you to say..." Eleanor returned with a thick layer of sarcastic gratitude. The seamstress didn't seem to register this and simply smiled with her large red painted lips. Although from the context of her words and the subsequent embarrassment, she made a mental note to brush her hair when she got home.The dress fittings came to an end after another perilous hour of aching legs from standing on the platform and criticism framed as compliments. The looming anxiety of going to an event in which she knew absolutely no one began to dawn on her. She comforted herself by making a plan to stick by Octavia, ignore Abraxas and his apparently awful friends and drown her sorrows in whatever she could steal from the bar staff.   
  
    Chapter Text
     
  "A crown is heavywithout mercy -and yet the darknesspainted the gold with jewels."

  ***
The beady eyes in the painting above the grand fireplace followed her every move. She had become accustomed to the stares from the portraits in the library and was oddly comforted by their presence. Various books and scribbled parchment were splayed across the table in front of the leather armchair which she had firmly named her new home.She spent every waking hour of the last week researching and finding any useful information on the Ministry, its floor plan and the members she had vowed to kill. In addition to this, she made sure to pull every resource she could from her uncles' extensive collection of banned books and rare first editions. A small laugh escaped her lips at how mad she would appear to anyone that discovered her sinister reading materials. 'The art of the imperious: It's many forms and applications', 'A History of Transmorgrifian Torture' and her personal favourite, 'Secrets of the unforgivables'.She was no stranger to dark magic, being home-schooled by convicted blood supremacists ensured that. Her mind wandered to imagine what Hogwarts was like, she had heard tales from her cousins of the castle and the slightly mad professors but in truth, she couldn't comprehend the notion of a school. Eleanor's education was organic and although had structure, was nothing like that of a strict school schedule. Her mother would teach her and her sister potions in their greenhouse and charms in their sitting room. Her father given his role in the Grindelwald rebellion, was obsessed with them being able to defend themselves and so mastering the dark arts and conjuring defences was a typical lesson for most days. Like many European children, they used magic from the time they could speak and in Eleanor's case even before then. There were no rules per se about what age you were required to be before you had a wand, or where you had to be to use it. Often her parents would leave without warning, being called by her grandfather on important 'family business' and their governess Anoushka would take over. She ensured the girls were well-read and gave them mountains of books to read on every subject known to mankind. Her methods were typical of Eastern European teachings, harsh but never boring or mundane. There was no topic too dark, no spell too difficult. Instead of essays, she would make them read a book and then explain it to her the next day in some form of persuasive argument, often subjected to many curious questions pertaining to the details of the literature. This gave her an adoration for reading and the unique ability to remember the smallest details hidden in the numerous pages of the many thick books that surrounded her.Suddenly the sound of the doors whipping open distracted her from thought and she turned her head up to the intruder - now extremely aware of how truly mad she looked. Abraxas strode in confidently and gave her a judgemental glare and a small scoff as he found her curled up and surrounded in parchment and stacks of old books."Have you ever heard of a hairbrush?" he questioned with a teasing tone, walking up to inspect her mess of literature and notes. His eyebrow quirked and a small smirk appeared on his mouth as he read the titles."Merlin, you are strange" he sighed, more to himself than anything. In the seventeen years Abraxas had lived in the manor, he barely used the library - and even less so, thought to go looking for banned books. She adjusted her posture in response to his leering and fixed an annoyed grimace on her face."Yes, and you're a pig," she smiled. He really was unpleasant company, even when he was a child and they were forced to play. Always bossy and acted as if he was some sort of king and everyone else was his peasants. It was a marvel to her that Octavia and Abraxas shared a womb, it seemed as if they were from different planets most of the time."Mother's looking for you" he replied with an agitated tone, not bothering to acknowledge her insult.Her eyebrows stitched together in confusion, unsure of why she would in any way be needed by her aunt, who was mostly busy with being a lady of high society, planning balls, gossiping and out for luncheons."Why?" she asked, although not expecting actually helpful information from him.He sighed, looking over her with another judgemental scan before smiling in a way that surprisingly looked like real enjoyment."To fix you up of course" he stated matter-of-factly. "You're not seriously thinking you could walk into the All Hallows Ball looking like some sort of ragged troll that's been haunted and dragged through the forest...think of the family name..." The worst part about Abraxas was that unfortunately, he had a way with words and his insults could be as witty as they were sharp.With an offended huff, she looked down to check her appearance, not understanding the cause for his criticism. To be fair, she did resemble a ghoul with her pale skin, black dress and sunken in eyes. Perhaps, he had a point."And don't even think about embarrassing me with one of your little trauma episodes or stupid remarks,""Oh I'm sure you'll embarrass yourself just fine without me Abraxas, I'll merely sit back and watch."With a sneer, he turned on his heel making a dramatic clicking noise with his boots as he strode towards the exit.
  A challenge. 

  ***
A stranger met Eleanor's gaze as she looked in the mirror, it was like meeting her past self again.Her usually untidy hair was manipulated into a slicked-back chignon. For the first time in weeks, her eyes appeared fresh and the blue hue of her iris' were highlighted against her glowing skin. She looked down at her cherry red painted lips and almost instinctively, practised a smile, conjuring a lacklustre act of happiness to her features. But it was pathetic and didn't even meet her eyes, which despite their outlined gleam lacked actual life behind them. Blank and dead - if eyes were truly the window to the soul perhaps she was indeed, without one.She felt as if she were walking in an unfamiliar skin and that at any moment she would be found out for her fraudulent act. Glancing down at her gown, she finally noticed how thin she had become, the elegant thickness of the black lace binding her torso appeared so small in comparison to the dramatically flared skirt of the gown. She made a mental note to eat, missing the way her body curved and created a silhouette of wholeness which was reflected in her heart.Suddenly her bedroom door burst open, revealing Octavia's impossibly gorgeous frame wrapped tightly in an elegant beige gown embroidered with gold foliage. Her long silver locks perfectly arranged themselves into waves that made her look like one of the muggle film stars she used to see on the posters outside of picture theatres."Darling do you have...Merlin, what the fuck happened to you?" Eleanor eyed her from the mirror, her cousin appeared shell-shocked taking Eleanor's appearance in, eyes wide and mouth open. "Your mother happened to me" Eleanor replied with a small giggle, thinking back to her aunt's excitement at being able to finally 'fix' her state of appearance. Octavia's eyes lit up as she let out a delighted laugh, "You look...simply divine darling. I was right, black really is your colour. I'm quite good with these things you know, it's like a sixth sense"."You think so?" Eleanor asked nervously, accidentally voicing more anxiety in her voice than intended.Octavia only smiled devilishly in response and suddenly gasped, as if having an idea and reached into her purse. She pulled out an elegant silver flask and offered it to her with a cheeky glint in her eye."Liquid courage? It's gin and lavender...my personal favourite."Eleanor didn't hesitate as she took the dainty flask from her hand, opened it and took a large sip. It was surprisingly sweet and yet, still strong enough to create a burn in the back of her throat that warmed her heart."Thank you... I think I'll be needing some more of that," she replied, handing it back and earning an excited giggle from her cousin."Oh, that can very much be arranged".
  ***
Eleanor was met with the blinding glare of a large chandelier and the quiet hum of a crowd as she appeared in the fireplace of the Lestrange manor foyer. It was difficult to even call it a manor, as it more resembled a palace with its high ceilings decorated with ornate golden filigree and its expansive walls covered in portraits. She felt as if she were in Italy again, attending one of her grandfather's many balls in Venice or Rome. After feeling slightly offset while adjusting to the grandeur, she became immediately aware of the many eyes staring at her in the foyer. Elaborately dressed women in embellished gowns and furs gazed at her curiously, as if she were a rare jewel. The men, who were all in elegant tuxedoes underneath their robes and tremendously fine top hats also stared. Heat rose to her cheeks and she looked at the marble floor in response, unable to handle the attention.A silky arm wrapped itself in her own and she heard Octavia whisper angrily "Oh how rude of them...don't take it personally, they just want to see the new blood of society."Eleanor looked up at her cousin giving her a smile that was a clear cry for help."Well you are the talk of the town, you know. You are the last remaining heir to the Grindelwald fortune and...obviously looking like that...they will stare," she explained, gesturing dramatically to her gown.Octavia guided her through the crowd of arriving witches and wizards dressed in their finery and entered a ballroom from what seemed like the largest corridor Eleanor had ever seen.A breath hitched in her throat as she took in the room. The imposing space seemed to be gilded with golden walls and the candles in the floating chandeliers reflected on this, giving the whole room a golden, majestic hue. An orchestra of what Eleanor guessed must be at least 30, played in the distance on an ornate stage. The air was filled with sounds of ostentatious laughter and social chatter. It was both incredibly spectacular and freighting all at once.Two champagne coupes appeared in front of the girls and filled with sparkly liquid. Eleanor took hers straight away and instead of sipping elegantly like Octavia, she downed the whole thing in one go. Octavia just laughed at her brashness before following her lead."Well well... look who it is" A booming voice sounded from in front of her. A tall man with a commanding presence led by dark coffee brown eyes strode towards them. He was handsome, with chiselled features and his dark skin seemed to glow in the warm hue of the ballroom. A daringly charming glint came to his eyes as his mouth curled into a suggestive smile. His arms widened out in a pronounced display of surprise."Oh god...here we go..." Octavia whispered beside her with a roll of her eyes."Eleanor, this..." she gestured half-heartedly at the man, now standing right in front of them, "is Theodore Lestrange, a terribly half-witted friend of Abraxas''". He flashed a charming smile as if completely not hearing the content of her words and bowed his head in faux deference. "Eleanor Grindelwald, yes, we've heard a lot about you... and may I say - you do not disappoint" Theodore drawled, raking his eyes over her body.She scrunched her nose in response, "Charmed" she replied, with as much sarcasm she could muster dripping through her tone.He smirked, seemingly finding amusement in her disgust."You must meet everyone, after all, you'll be joining us next week...It'll be nice to get to know you," he motioned with a swift hand and the champagne-filled her empty glass. He was clearly a natural-born entertainer. "Come!" he instructed, turning his back and leading them into the centre of the ballroom, ensuring staring eyes were on her at every angle.She could see Abraxas' hair through the crowd and he seemed to be standing with a group of men around his age. All immaculately suited, drinking fire whiskey and filling the air with pompous laughter and arrogance for all to hear. He turned around to see them approach, with an expectant, empty grin."Ahhh if it isn't my dear cousin. Come to look for someone desperate enough to ask you to dance?" Abraxas mockingly asked with jest - more to his friends than her."No, it might surprise you to hear – dear cousin – that I wouldn't dance with anyone in this room, even if my life depended on it. And, I do believe, any concern relating to being in demand... should be directed at you..." she retorted in a menacingly silky way, the drink in her hand filling her with confidence. He sneered in response, not expecting the harsh words and a giggle escaped Octavia's lips - the champagne seemed to affect her quickly too.Surprisingly, laughter at Abraxas' expense erupted from the men in the group. Except notably, a dark-haired figure with piercing blue eyes in the centre of the group, who remained composed. Although, Eleanor swore a hint of smirk could be seen on his lips. Not that she was looking. 
  Or maybe she was.
Abraxas straightened a little in response to her retort and his signature scowl came to his face once more."Right...Well, I'm sorry boys, but may I have the absolute displeasure of introducing you to our cousin, Eleanor Grindelwald..." he drawled out her name as if she were a boring artefact in a museum.He motioned to the skinny boy next to him, whose green eyes met hers with a friendly smile. "This is Ezra, Rosier", he nodded to her still smiling.Abraxas then turned to the man on the left, the one who didn't find her amusing, "This is Tom Riddle, probably the next minister of magic and our Head Boy..." he added with a hint of warning in his voice - as if she had plans to blow something up. Unexpectedly the boy didn't even so much as nod to her, only keeping his eyes glued to Eleanor as if he was assessing her...or maybe sizing her up. He didn't seem too satisfied with what he found either. This realisation made her feel uncomfortable and she felt a small rush of heat to her cheeks – which she hid with a sip of her champagne.Tiring of the introduction, Abraxas then gestured lazily to the others on the far side. "And this is, Augustus Nott and Ludo Avery"."Where's Caspian?" Octavia asked impatiently, not at all interested in the introduction or politeness of small talk."Probably running for the hills from you" Abraxas quipped back, the others laughing. Octavia returned his comment with a scoff and a sneer while grabbing Eleanor's arm in hers, eyeing him with a dismissing glare. "Right, well now that's over...We're going to have fun. Goodnight," she chimed in unenthused politeness and lead Eleanor away through the crowd. Although, not before she caught the blue eyes of the intriguing boy briefly again."If you do decide you want to dance, let me know" she heard Lestrange call out from behind.She didn't respond, but a small smirk came to her lips nonetheless.   
  
    Chapter Text
     
  "Nothing ever ends poetically. 

  It ends and we turn it into poetry.

  All that blood was never once beautiful.

  It was just red."

  -Kait Rokowsi

  ***
The glistening light of the chandelier whirled in Eleanor's vision and the orchestra seemed louder than ever before. She found herself sitting on an ornate chaise laughing uncontrollably while listening to Octavia tell a story about how she and Caspian first did the deed - as she called it. Caspian was a tall and well-built man with sandy blonde hair that reached his ears. His large brown eyes looked lovingly to the figure next to him, who was too entranced by telling the story to notice his endearing infatuation. A smile came to her lips as the orchestra began to play a waltz."Oh Cas! We must dance this one" Octavia shrieked excitedly. She turned to Eleanor with a hazy smile, "Oh dear you don't mind do you? You know it's my favourite..." Eleanor was far too drunk to be persuaded by the anxiety that once ruled her at the beginning of the night, and so she encouraged them with a laughing nod.As she watched them walk towards the dancefloor, Eleanor came to realise how much champagne she had actually consumed. Her head felt heavy as it spun, yet her legs felt light and everything seemed rather hilarious to her. She didn't mind, however, because her pain was numbed and for the first time in weeks, she felt an ounce of freedom from the trappings of her own mind.It was at this point her subconscious seemed to wake, telling her to remove herself and take a moment to sober up in private. After all, the eyes of the crowd still watched her every move and there was nothing she wanted less than to be the subject of tomorrow's cruel gossip. She sprung up out of her seat – all grace now thoroughly dispensed - and made a move towards the many large doors that lead to the garden. She waded through the crowds, trying her best to not give herself away, dodging every intrusive glare with her best attempt at a sober smile."And where do you think you're going?" cooed Theodore Lestrange, clearly just as tipsy as her. He snaked an arm around her waist and smiled down at her wide stormy eyes and slightly blushed cheeks.She would normally have swatted him at this point and politely told him to fuck off, but admittedly, she couldn't manage that in the moment of him staring down at her. He was very handsome and she was far too inebriated to not be affected by the glint in his eyes."I'm leaving...I'm bored and this ballroom is far too small for my liking..." she replied, glancing at the nearby doorway which she planned for her escape. This was a lie, of course, the ballroom was one of the largest she had ever seen, but she liked to put these kinds of people in their place.He leant down and whispered in her ear, "Shall I make it interesting for us?" and taking her hand he spun her around in a furious twirl that made her feel slightly nauseous."I can request a tango?" he furthered, dipping her low to the floor with a surprising amount of strength.Feeling her head reel and her vision blur, she steadied herself and replied with all the sobriety she could muster, "Oh, no - thank you" although the latter was not genuine. He knew that.He gave a little chuckle and released her from his grip, now seemingly distracted - eyeing a red-headed girl in a silk navy gown."No matter darling, I think I will be very much busy anyway. I do love a redhead..." he grinned with quick a wink and kiss of her hand, before wandering away to the next victim.Eleanor giggled to herself, shaking her head at his confidence - poor girl.
  ***
The cold air hit her face as she walked down the stairs of the balcony and instantly, she felt less befuddled.The smell of fresh rain and mowed grass met her nose and she smiled into it. From what she could see in the darkly lit garden, the stone stairs lead from the grand balcony into a hedge maze that seemed to be quite extensive. Spotting the distant glistening water of a nearby fountain, she slipped into the hedged entrance, welcoming the quiet tranquillity the high walls gave her.Of course, sober Eleanor would think that pursuing a maybe fountain in an elaborate enchanted maze - while under the influence of a lot of champagne- would be stupid. But she wasn't here right now and all she wanted was to be alone in the beautiful garden, indulging in the temporary lightness of her mind. As she walked through the maze she closed her eyes, centring herself and making sense of the strange night. She recalled Caspian Mulcibers' words to her when remarking on the ever-present stares of the crowd, "they all think you're royalty you know - being a Grindelwald and all". Eleanor scoffed at the ridiculous notion, she had never cared for her grandfather's political interests and so this air of deference always seemed humorous to her.Her pureblood status was something she took for granted, however, she never actually despised the muggle-borns as you would expect. When she used to walk through the nearby village in Tuscany, she said hello to them and they didn't seem so terrible. Eleanor thought they were kind and led simple lives without the dramatics of magic. Something about their way of life fascinated her and she often found herself perched on the stone wall of the piazza in Cortona, watching their strange behaviour. All living their lives without magic, somehow happy. Clara even had a muggle friend named Antonio she would sneak off with to swim in the nearby lakes. Her mother and father on the other hand...well that's a different story.She understood their position on some part. They had watched the muggles purge themselves into war after bloody war, fighting for useless borderlines and manipulated nationalistic principles. Her grandfather was disgusted with how the Germans were treating their own and called it the muggles 'showing their true, violent colours'. This war is how he rangled most of his support against the muggles integrating into their society. As she rounded another corner she suddenly came into rough contact with a hard chest, flinging her back and sinking her into the wall of the adjacent tall hedge. She winced as the harshly pointed branches dug into the sensitive flesh of her back, surely leaving marks. The scent of cologne laced with whiskey and tobacco filled her nose."Merlin! Watch out" she shouted almost immediately, the hedges threatening to give in under her weight and sink her further. When she looked up, she was met with the eyes of none other than the mysterious Tom Riddle. The only friend of Abraxas' that didn't seem at all friendly. An annoyed expression was plastered on his face and a cigarette hung from his right hand.
  Definitely not friendly then.
"I beg your pardon?" he replied quickly in an agitated tone laced with superiority.No one speaks to him like that.He took in the sight of her tulle clad body buried in the hedge and removed his annoyance, replacing it with a small devilish smirk.She all at once became painfully aware of her unladylike position in the hedges and a blush crept up to her cold cheeks. Noticing this, he extended his other hand with amusement to help her up out of the hedge, in a gentlemanly manner that caught her by surprise.She analysed his outstretched hand as if it were a cruel trick and in return, he scoffed at her, leaving the trace of a small smirk still on his lips."Not feeling well, Miss Grindelwald?" he asked in a patronising tone, tilting his head to the side in amusement as she finally took his hand with an embarrassed huff. He brought her swiftly to her feet, not taking his gaze off her."Perfectly fine thank you, Mr Riddle," Eleanor replied, trying to command what little dignity she had left by using his name formally. She removed a leaf lodged into the bust of her dress and flattened it out - as if trying to appear more together.He didn't bother to reply and simply brought the cigarette to his lips, letting it sit in between his teeth before taking a long drag - still without removing his unreadable stare that seemed to take in every detail of her.This sent a wave of displeasure through her, she hated being so obviously judged. Especially by someone who appeared to be every bit as polished as he was intriguing. He blew out a small cloud of smoke and it danced in the air between them. As the scent of tobacco filled her senses, she repressed the craving that stirred in her system for the taste. However, the alcohol in her bloodstream seemed to override her better judgement and she gave in to the need."May I have one of those?" she asked with a silky voice. Eleanor hated to give him the pleasure of asking for something, but her need to diffuse the tension around them and the inebriation within her outweighed any pride she once had."Have you even had one before?" he asked with a quizzical brow as if patronisingly talking to a child.It was her turn to scoff, "Please, I grew up in Italy, it's practically part of the meal there".After internally debating for a rudely long time, he sighed and reached into his tuxedo jacket for a silver cigarette case. Despite his distaste for her company, intrigue motivated him to give in to the request. Handing a cigarette over to her, she took in the sight of his hands which were covered in various rings. However, one stood out to her. The large onyx stone gleamed in the moonlight and she admired the unique shape of the gem, which appeared jagged and faceted.She thanked him with a silent nod and lit it by snapping her fingers. A small trick of wandless magic she learnt from watching her father at their many parties. Although he always warned them to never show too much of their wandless abilities, she thought this little time couldn't hurt.She ignored the pang of her father's memory and inhaled as much as she could to dull it. The smoke swam in her lungs, diffusing a dose of nicotine into her system which instantly relaxed her. It was a filthy habit that she had picked up in her recent years, but there truly was nothing that calmed a racing mind more.A cloud of smoke filled the air as he exhaled, "Did you finally grow tired of Lestrange trying to assault you in there?" and a hint of amusement was caught in his tone as the edges of his mouth threatened to twitch up.She thought for a moment at the words, the alcohol in her system slowing her. It was clear that Theodore Lestrange had quite the reputation as a ladies' man. Eleanor had seen him with no less than twenty-five other women that night, each one no match for his obvious good looks and charm."I'm tired of it all actually...this whole fucking thing," she admitted quietly - a little too honestly. The attention of the guests was draining, and she came to realise she was being sized up for tea party gossip and to fuel other people's radical political agendas. Her name was a curse. The garden was a welcome moment of respite, even if it was with this less-than-friendly Tom character.Tom didn't reply and simply nodded in response, taking in another drag. His piercing glare trailed over her features, reading every movement seemingly deducing and judging. She returned the intensity of his stare, now trying to read him as he had been doing to her for the last five minutes.Eleanor was well practised at the art of deception and didn't give anything away that might serve as use to a clearly ambitious man like him.The walls she so easily put up frustrated him immensely. The girl that stood before him perplexed him. She was obviously attractive – as Lestrange kept banging on about all evening – but underneath that there was something else...something dark. He gazed into her grey eyes which reflected the moonlight above them. There was an emptiness to them which contrasted heavily with the brightness of her red lips and grandeur of her gown, painting an odd picture like she was wearing a mask. The question was, why?Probably just another rich girl, haunted by her dull, champagne problems he deduced, not wanting to entertain the thought of the boring girl in front of him any longer. Tom never had time for women at Hogwarts and their consistent attention lead to him finding them quite irritating. But, he found they could be useful if used correctly.He wondered how he could use her...her name was powerful enough, perhaps she had some European contacts he could use. She obviously had a vast amount of wealth at her disposal - that could be useful too. Her voice pulled him away from his thoughts."And what about you? Doesn't becoming the next minister of magic require shoulder-rubbing and making connections? This empty garden is hardly a place for that."Eleanor wondered if he was sick of all the high society attention and antiquated conventions too. She wanted to ask him why on Earth he wanted to be Minister for Magic like her cousin had proclaimed. There wasn't an ounce of respect that she held for the British Ministry left in her body after what they had done. But she couldn't bring herself to do it. If she was too obvious about her hatred for the Ministry, people could talk - and she didn't want to leave any breadcrumbs that would disrupt her plans later on.He shifted his glance back towards her, a glint of devilish charm meeting his eyes, "Oh I think you'll find the best connections are made in private."A brief look of shock passed over her features - but not long enough for him to catch in the dark corner of the garden. Eleanor forced herself into composure and retained her cynical smile, but her stomach betrayed her, flipping and stirring at the notion of his words. She hitched a brow, regarding his reply, deciding to try him on."And am I a connection?" she teased silkily, wanting desperately to break down whatever confidence he had over her. Although he hid it well, she caught his momentary hitch in demeanour. Clearly, it wasn't what he expected her to say.Touché, smart girl.
  But not smart enough.
"Don't flatter yourself, darling, anyone with a good name is a connection... Regardless of how utterly intolerable they are." And with that, he put out his cigarette, triumphantly cutting her act of seductive superiority short.However, the moment got the best of Eleanor and she smiled into his gloating features, "Right you are, names are everything around here...although the funny thing is, I've not heard of yours..."It was harsh, she knew that but she could never miss an opportunity to knock a man down a peg, especially when they were as arrogant as Tom. Eleanor continued with a sweet smile and a slow voice, "Riddle... Not something I've heard in conversation...Curious don't you think?" she added with a smirk, knowing she had hit a sore spot as she watched his demeanour change.His face hardened and all amusement left the air. She knew what buttons to push and she loved to push them. Only a man with such little power could seek so much, she thought to herself bitterly.Just as he was about to retort with venom, a flash of gold rounded the corner interrupting their privacy."Gosh, Eleanor - there you are...Oh..." Octavia was stopped mid-sentence as she took in the sight before her eyes.They hadn't realised it, but Tom and Eleanor were standing inches away from each other, almost as if they hadn't just spent the last half of their conversation trying to read and insult each other. To a stranger, they almost looked like guilty lovers, caught while on the cusp of an embrace.The air was thick with tension and Octavia could feel it."What are you two doing frolicking in the gardens?" she asked with a nervous laugh, looking at Eleanor as if she was mad...well madder than she already was. Octavia's brows knitted together in confusion, attempting to understand the situation. Tom had never once paid any proper attention to a girl in their entire time of knowing each other. She had heard of his after dark dalliances, but he never actually spoke to one for more than a few seconds if he could help it.Actually, Octavia came to the conclusion he was simply not at all interested in women and merely used them for sex...but something about this made her rethink her assumption. It was the way they were standing and the look they were dealing at each other. It suggested something...a tension of sorts - and she was never usually wrong about these things.Instinctively, Eleanor stepped away from Tom retreating from his glare and their closeness. She composed herself, letting out a breath she had been withholding without realising it."Oh, nothing...I needed a cigarette and I found the first person that had one," she replied with a casual smile gesturing lazily to Tom. He let out a small prideful scoff at her dismissing him.Little bitch."Really Miss Grindelwald? Because I recall finding you drunkenly buried in a bush..."They glared at each other.Octavia regarded them for a moment, clearly missing something."Right...well Theodore is demanding you dance with him. He's making quite a fuss actually. And, mama wants to introduce you to Mr and Mrs Rosier...""But he's awful," she replied with a whine, referring to Lestrange of course. Earning a hidden smirk from Tom that the girls didn't notice.
  At least she wasn't stupid enough to fall for his ridiculous Casanova act. 
It never ceased to surprise Tom how many women he actually successfully attracted by acting like a complete fool.Octavia took her hand and lead her forward away from Tom, "Yes, but he's the host and etiquette dictates that he should dance with every eligible girl..." she recited as if reading an old boring book."Fine. But if he touches me, I'll send him to St Mungo's" she warned, deadly serious. She'd learnt about the hospital ward after Abraxas threatened to send Octavia there when he teased her about something a couple of weeks ago."Yes...alright, just come along please," Octavia replied, almost scared at the conviction in Eleanor's voice.Tom was left alone watching the figures disappear into the maze. His mind whirling, thinking about the girl who had dared to insult him – and managed to get away with it.
  Or so she thought.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Between two evils, I always choose the one I've never tried before."

  - Robert Frost
 
  ***
Smoke filled the air around her as the train let out a deafening whistle on the busy platform. She still didn't understand why all the students had to transit to Hogwarts by train when the floo system was so effective, despite her cousins trying to justify it on the grounds of being 'a tradition'.At the time, she thought about furthering the argument. Asking how they could justify the seven-hour journey for something as non-sensical as 'tradition'. But considering who she was asking - she thought that might be lost on them, so she brooded internally.She had never seen so many young people cramped in one place. The closest thing to this was her debutante ball and if this was anything like that – she may as well turn around now. Curious eyes met with hers as she followed Octavia to a carriage door right at the front of the train. All around her, parents wept and hugged their children.The Malfoys were kind enough to spare them that embarrassment and sent them through platform 9 ¾ alone, with very little emotional fuss. The thought of her uncle hugging Abraxas tightly and telling him to write every day seemed akin to seeing a dog walk on its hind legs. This made her giggle.It was only then she noticed the stares. Eleanor was so lost in her thoughts that she barely computed the wary eyes following her every move, looking her up and down. However, the thing that surprised her the most was the look of disgust in some of the parent's glares, which was slightly confronting for 10 am on a Monday morning. Octavia seemed to sense her reaction and turned around to look at her. She took Eleanor's hand in one of her dainty soft ones and squeezed it."Don't mind them, they're just jealous" she comforted with a reassuring grin. But Eleanor was smart enough to know that this was a lie. They were not jealous. After all, why on Earth would grown adults feel envy for a seventeen-year-old orphan? This was another emotion entirely - they were angry. Presumably, because her grandfather is currently leading a very successful political rebellion to eradicate muggles from society. Fair enough.When they finally entered the carriage, she noted the deep green hues that seemed to dominate the sleek interior. Small intricate snakes were patterned on the floor's carpet and they moved enchantingly in the fabric. It was definitely nicer than she expected it to be, however she still couldn't forgive the ridiculous seven-hour duration of the journey.Eleanor found herself in a compartment with Octavia and two other girls. The first, Charlotte, was a tall girl with short curly hair and wide brown eyes. She was very shy at their introduction, however, she offered Eleanor a comforting smile which put her at ease. She was an obvious classic beauty, with her glowy dark skin and strong figure making her look like a goddess of some sort that she read about in the history books.The other, Mabel, seemed the opposite to Charlotte in every way. She was fairly short and had rounded, softer features that made her appear younger than she was. She was much more rambunctious and clearly had no issue with honesty.In fact, the first thing she said to Elanor upon their introduction was "Merlin, you look awful, have you not been sleeping?". Eleanor welcomed this honesty as it wasn't laced with the malicious intent that she found in Abraxas' remarks. And truth be told, she hadn't been sleeping and she did look awful."Definitely a Slytherin, I mean you're a Grindelwald...what are they going to do? Put you in Hufflepuff?" Mabel declared confidently. The thought of a public sorting ceremony sent a flood of anxiety into Eleanor. It was bad enough that some old hat could apparently read her thoughts - let alone have this be done in front of the whole cohort. These traditions were strange and she wasn't sure she entirely was ready for the concept of a British school with talking hats, hideous uniforms and pointless trains.But it was far too late to turn around now.  Charlotte seemed to pick up on my sudden distress and put a warm hand on my own with a smile, "Whatever happens, you'll be fine. We'll look after you".
  ***
Her palms were sweating and she felt hot in the thick, ugly robes she was forced into on the train. Everyone else's robes had a colour stitched into theirs. Much to Eleanor's dismay - hers was black and plain, making her more even visible in the crowd of nosy students. A black sheep amongst the shiny flock.
  How appropriate. 
Professor McGonagall had made her wait outside the large hall area with a group of what she assumed to be first years. Then she was left on her own."I'll come back for you, dear" the woman assured her, but without any warmth in her voice.She waited for what seemed like an eternity. Sighing for the third time, she actually began to think perhaps they had forgotten her, but just as this passed her mind the large oak doors opened again with a deafening creak.The noises from the hall became loudly apparent and a commanding voice filled the air making a speech."Please offer a warm welcome to our newest student, all the way from Italy - Eleanor Grindelwald" the voice boomed.
  Oh shit. 
Dread filled her immediately, her heart began to race and her palms became clammy.She approached the doors in dead silence and 500 beady eyes met with hers. She began to walk down the elaborate dining hall fixating her stare onto the hat which was placed on a rickety chair at the end.The distant sound of four people clapping could be heard from the far left of the room. Somehow, this small amount of support felt worse than the silence that surrounded it. As she rounded the risen platform at the front of the room, she met the eyes of a short, aged man in grand navy velvet robes trimmed with gold. On his head of thick hair sat a slouched brown hat, not dissimilar to the one on the chair. He smiled at her with a welcoming warmth. However, something about his disposition was laced with pity and Eleanor despised that."Have a seat, my dear" he offered, inviting her to the wooden chair that sat centre stage.If there ever was an optimal time to have a stroke and die this would be it. She sat and again, was hit with countless glares, although they weren't all filled with anger. Some were more just curious and others even friendly. A violent flush of red-painted her cheeks and she began to feel as if she couldn't breathe under the crushing unbearable attention.At this moment a loud wolf-whistle filled the hall and the many eyes turned to Theodore Lestrange who was stood up with a smile. Although loathing his many attempted advances at the ball, this gave her a chance to breathe as it distracted the stares away from her for a small moment.The hat was placed on her head with a firm tug and Eleanor scrunched her nose as she smelt the aged leather that it was made of."Ahhhh...a Grindelwald...Never thought I'd see one of you here." She jumped at the sudden sound of the croaky voice, it was as if the hat was speaking to her inside her head. If she wasn't made aware of the enchantment earlier, she would have thought she was going mad. It chuckled hoarsely, seemingly reading her thoughts."You're not mad dear...Not yet anyway. The choice is an obvious one, although... I am tempted to place you in Ravenclaw...yes... A good mind on you, very strong and discerning...But I sense a recklessness in the end to achieve your desires...A penchant for ambition at all costs..."Eleanor rolled her eyes with a huff, she didn't appreciate the impromptu therapy session, especially when it was so public."Gotta be...Slytherin!" he yelled in a croakily triumphant voice.The table on the far end clocked in deep green banners erupted with cheer. And a rowdy group of boys stood up and started whistling and chanting as if they were at a quidditch grand final. She immediately identified them as Lestrange, Rosier, Mulciber and Avery. But the boy with the dark hair and the blue eyes remained seated, arms crossed and almost appearing bored of it all. Ever since their meeting in the Lestrange gardens, she had decided she didn't like him one bit. He wasn't trustworthy and certainly wasn't a friend. Yet, his foul attitude towards her was something that found an intricate way to bother her. It's not that she minded that he didn't like her - she just wanted to know why.
  Bastard.
A few snickers could be heard from the other tables and she swore she could hear some hissing too. As she passed the table emblazoned with red and gold someone began to shout, "Well of course she's a Slytherin...she's only a war criminal!". Nonetheless, she tried to ignore this defamation of character and made her way as confidently as she could to Octavia and her new acquaintances. At least no one at that table seemed perturbed by her presence, scared perhaps but not unfriendly.When she approached the far end of the table, she was engulfed in a hug by Theodore Lestrange who picked her up and flew her around in celebration. Octavia gave her a simple kiss on the cheek and the others gave her warm congratulatory smiles. Even Abraxas seemed pleased, but perhaps this was more so because it would have been excruciatingly embarrassing for a cousin of his to be in any other house. All except for one seemed happy, who just stared judgmentally at her as if she was the one wanting all the unnecessary fuss being made. He looked at her flushed cheeks and noted the embarrassment evident in her face. The girl looked as if she wanted to be swallowed up by the Earth. He smiled quietly at her discomfort, it was almost pleasing to see her so miserable.
  She deserved it.
Eleanor accidentally looked over to him and took in his cruel smirk and piercing stare. Somewhat inconveniently, she found herself sitting opposite him. With no idea how to respond to his coldness, she simply smiled back mockingly."Welcome Grindelwald," he remarked curtly in a low raspy voice. It was, after all, his duty as the Head Boy to greet the new ones. However, she wasn't stupid enough to believe there was an ounce of sincerity in it, the words were so lacking in warmth and welcoming he may as well have told her to leave.
  ***
Luckily, Octavia organised for her to share a dorm with her small group of friends. This was both comforting and terrifying. Comforting because she hated making new friends, especially when she had the curse of the Grindelwald name as precedence. Terrifying, because her nightmares hadn't stopped. She made a mental note to use the silencing charm at night – to not disturb her roommates and to finally give Octavia rest.Fortunately for everyone, she brought with her at least a year's supply of sleeping draught. Her Aunt Edwina practically filled her suitcase to the brim with it, ensuring that she was well medicated for the entire duration of the term. This was a blessing to her but also admittedly, she used too much sometimes. Upping the dose every few nights had become a regular occurrence, It was almost as if the effects of it were lessening, like she was becoming immune to it. The strength of the potion seemed to be no match for the darkness of her dreams. One day I won't need it, she thought shooting a triple dose back and attempting to close her eyes.
  ***
Thunder shook the glass window above her bed and the sound of heavy rainfall drowned out any other sounds as she lay wide awake in the cold dorm room. Her mind drifted to Clara, her sister, who she knew would've loved this place. Clara was the friendly one that actually took time to find the beauty in things. She would've been overjoyed at shared dorms and endless sleepovers. Eleanor would've been sure the feasts would have filled her sweet tooth with delight. Her mind focused on her precious, freckle speckled face and wide girlish smile. With no pictures of her, she had to keep the memory fresh in her mind. 
  I'll see you soon.
After another hour of pointless staring at the ceiling, she decided that one moment longer would surely be maddening. Eleanor crept out of her room, making sure to slip a green silk nightgown on before doing so. It was cold for a September evening, but there was something oddly comforting about feeling the cool air bite at her skin. The pads of her bare feet swept quietly along the corridor floors, feeling the cold stone beneath them.As she wandered out of the dungeons, she decided to explore the castle in the hope that its sheer size would eventually tire her out and inspire some exhaustion in her. After all, she thought perhaps it wasn't a bad idea to start to familiarise herself with the extensive grounds - being lost was something Eleanor despised. As she made her way down a corridor that was covered in sleeping figures embedded in portraits, she envied them. The realities of life seemed so far removed from a charmed life in a portrait. They were forever in a moment and never subjected to change. It was constant and predictable. 
  Safe. 
She quickened her pace as one of the figures in a baroque wig roused at her presence. As she quickly rounded the corner, she slammed into something hard which immediately sent a wave of distress through her. Immediately her mind started reeling, thinking of a plausible lie to get herself out of trouble. She gasped with wide eyes at the figure who glared back at her, gripping her arms tightly in response to the impact.
  Tom Riddle.
"What exactly do you think you're doing traipsing about the castle at midnight?" he demanded in a sharp tone. Tom's glare trailed downwards, registering the slim-fitting silk covering her frame which flowed down to the floor and left little to the imagination. She wore no shoes and her decolletage was on full display, something which he found to be infuriatingly odd, especially given the cold climate. "I could ask you the same question..." she replied with a voice dripping in defiance, trying her best to match his intimidating air. It was at this point she realised he still had one hand gripped onto her arm tightly. As she looked down, he seemed to register it too and removed it with a violent push, shoving her backwards with force.
  Stupid girl.
Tom smirked at her as if she was a lame child, "You're new here...allow me to explain, I'm Head Boy. I am permitted to be in these restricted corridors at dormitory hours...it's my duty." This was a lie, of course, it was not his registered night to patrol and he was not permitted to be in the restricted corridors. But she didn't know that.She let out an exaggerated sigh, mixed with the agony of sleep deprivation and agitation. Her eyes rolled as if he was the singular most annoying man on the planet.  Deciding it wasn't worth the fight, she began to walk past him not bothering to add more fuel to the fire."Right, well don't let me interrupt your very important duties..."Eleanor didn't get far, only a few steps before he grabbed her by the shoulders and slammed her into the wall sending pain shooting through her vertebrae and into her head. Wincing at the pain, she shot a hateful grimace at him."Who do you think you are speaking to me like that?" he spat at her, anger dripping through his tone. In truth, no one dared speak to him with anything but fearful deference these days and he was so used to the treatment, that her disobedient demeanour was nothing short of astounding. Why isn't the fool scared of me?  he thought. She smiled at his violent outburst and a small giggle was released from her lips, "Like what? The bastard you are? You haven't exactly been a gentleman to me, Riddle..."He didn't like that.Tom's jaw clenched as he registered the words, letting silence fill the air as they looked at each other intently. His glare was full of irritating rage and hers, full of defiant menace. The familiar tension from the Lestrange garden began to engulf them and it sparked as if it was charged with dark energy. He took in the dark crescents that sat underneath her stormy blue eyes and noted how the slightest bit of rosy colour could be seen on her cheeks. Then his eyes trailed down to her pink plump lips...He steadied himself focusing back on his rage at the insolent girl in front of him."Why are you out of bed?"  Eleanor sighed, giving up on lying, "I couldn't sleep.""So...you decided to go wandering through a dangerous castle you know nothing about? With no idea of any general direction?" his voice was slow and condescending as if speaking to someone without vital cognitive function.He didn't know that she had such little care for her own safety. In fact, she found herself doing things lately that gave her a sense of endangerment, in the promise that maybe...she would meet her sister again. She pushed this realisation to the far corners of her mind."Yes," she replied plainly.He scoffed at her stupidity now renouncing all the conclusions he made about her intelligence.
  Idiotic girl.
"So are you going to give me a detention Head Boy? Or perhaps the cane? It is awfully medieval around here, I wouldn't put it past this place..." she suggested with a mocking smile at him. A small unfamiliar feeling whirled in his stomach in response to her mockery. His desire to hurt her never felt more apparent and he momentarily lost himself in the thought of punishing her insolence.
  The cruciatus would be so satisfying at this moment. 
When he didn't answer, returning nothing but silence she smirked up to him, "No punishment then? Oh Riddle...you're softer than I thought." she jeered, interrupting his violent imaginings with another dose of defiance and a raised eyebrow. Her overt joy in disrespecting him sent him spiralling into fury.Tom's mind drifted back to punishment. No one had ever had the gall to mock him like this. But she would soon fall in line,  one way or another. Instead of satisfying himself with violence like he normally would with a rebellious student, he found himself begrudgingly dragging her back to the dungeons by the arm. Her attempts to break free were returned with a tighter grip and a harsher pace, seemingly not succeeding against his strength. As they approached the dungeons, he felt the soft skin that lay beneath the silk robe. His mind wandered to the way she looked pressed against the wall in the moonlight, her eyes dancing with daring insubordination. He ignored this.As she was being so ungracefully led back to the common room, she felt the formation of bruising under his grip and instead of wincing, it felt strangely...satisfying. For the first time in what felt like forever, she felt something other than mundane melancholia, even if it was physical pain. "See to it she doesn't leave again," Tom commanded to the portrait of Salazaar Slytherin that defined the entrance to the common room. The portrait nodded and he shoved her violently into the room as it opened. The sheer force of his efforts made her lose her balance and she fell onto the floor. Her robe was now dislodged from her form, revealing the short hem of her nightdress and her long bruised knees and legs.He didn't seem to notice this, as he turned around to glare directly at her, pathetically splayed on the cold stone floor. The tint of azure from the lake underwater vista of the common room reflected her scowled face in a blue hue."Don't cross me again. Or there will be consequences". It was a threat.With a final sneer, he stormed out without so much of a glance back in her direction. Although, not without revisiting the scene of her exposed bare legs, glared eyes and heaving chest in his mind.
  I'm going to kill her.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "You will always be fond of me. I represent to you all the sins you never had the courage to commit."

  -Oscar Wilde
 
  ***
He couldn't help but grit his teeth as he glanced across the wooden table to the girl, deep in concentration opposite him. It was actually impressive at how much hatred she brought up in him. Despite it being their first potions class for the term, she was calmly preparing her cauldron as if she had made Veritaserum every day for the past year. A small smile etched on her pink lips and her stormy eyes danced with a delight that appeared foreign on her tired, sunken in features. He watched her intently as she gently scattered the vane of the jobberknoll feathers in without the rachis – something not disclosed in the textbook.Doesn't like to follow instructions, he noted, which fuelled his dislike for her even further.Eleanor had a keen interest in potions as it reminded her of her mother. She was a brilliant potion maker and often was found in her brewing room singing to herself over a bubbling cauldron. They would spend their days together, foraging in the nearby woodland collecting rare herbs and ingredients and then preparing poisons, healing treatments and various other potions.It was there she was the happiest.Professor Slughorn had paired her with Theodore Lestrange, which surprisingly turned out to be a good match. He was all too pleased to let her do everything for them, while he entertained the rest of the table with the news of his latest romantic pursuits and whatever filthy gossip he had procured from his many friends. She liked to do things on her own, especially when she was good at them and his obliging nature was most welcome.If she was being completely honest with herself, Eleanor was actually taking a likening to Theodore.  He had a Casanovian charm to him, which, if you were smart enough to not be manipulated by - could be very entertaining. Especially when stuck in a two hour-long boring class, his flair for storytelling was very much appreciated. He was halfway into dramatically recounting his exploits with a woman he managed to wrangle at the All Hallows ball. Sending herself, Ezra Rosier, Caspian Muciber and Octavia into a fit of laughter as he explained the Minister of Foreign Magical Affairs catching them in a comprising position in one of the hallways."The bloody oaf, sent her running down the corridor scared..." he explained disappointedly, "I had to finish myself off in a broom cupboard." Eleanor felt a giggle escape her lips at the notion and winced playfully at the image that came to her mind."Better luck next time old chap...perhaps try locking the door next time?" Ezra responded in between laughs without any real empathy at all. "Oh, where's the fun in that Rosier? You know I've always said half of pleasure is risk..."He turned to Eleanor and peered into the cauldron, "How's our potion looking, love?"Eleanor raised her eyebrow at the nickname he had adopted for her. She thought about banning it...but after much consideration, it became clear it was a name not mutually exclusive to her. In fact, it was used on almost every woman he had a remotely personal conversation with.The potion sparkled a bright midnight black as she added the final charm."Practically perfect" she beamed, feeling a real sense of achievement."This is why you're my favourite," he chimed back with a wink. Again, not something that has been told exclusively to her either. But she took it anyway. He quickly returned to a detailed account of another failed sexual exploit involving a sixth year Ravenclaw on the Hogwarts express and a bunch of now-traumatised first years. Luckily, he had the money to bribe them into not turning him in. But one of the children did cry and still can't make eye contact with him in the hall. Again the table erupted with laughter but Tom ignored them all. He'd heard far too many of these awful stories to be remotely interested. Lestrange was also known to add a flourish of fabrication to make his recounts more amusing and his knack for being able to detect liars ruined most of the humour in the stories. Slughorn waddled over to Eleanor with an expectant grin on his face and inspected the potion quizzically, taking his time to lean down to the cauldron with his ridiculously large magnifying glass."Oh my Miss Grindelwald, you are a talent," a patriarchal gleam evident in his voice as if speaking to his favourite daughter, "Just as I suspected..."
  Tom doubted that very much.
Slughorn was delighted she lived up to her families reputation for being gifted. Tom let out a silent scoff at the admiration that was normally reserved for him being directed on such a fool of a girl. She had been invading his mind lately, at times he could only describe as perfectly inconvenient. He had never felt this type of loathing."No doubt Lestrange was an enormous help?" he asked, turning to the boy next to her, who was leaning back in his chair with his hands nestled behind his neck."Of course sir, she was simply lost without me," he placed his hand on his heart as if admitting to a charitable deed and smiled.Slughorn simply hummed in faux belief. Another thing that had become abundantly clear was that Theodore seemed to be extremely talented at being let off the hook. Either that, or he simply knew how to manipulate the immense privilege that came with his surname. Perhaps both. He turned to Tom, "Well, well, well Tom my-boy!" he announced proudly. Eleanor detested that he received a better ovation than she did, she knew the potion back-to-front and hers was obviously the more superior. Plus, she was finished before he was. 
  Not that she was competing with him, of course. 
Slughorn patted Toms back and beamed down at his work."As always, perfectly done."Tom returned a polite smile back at him."Thank you, Sir." He put up a good front, but Eleanor saw through him. She let out an uncontrollable scoff at his ability to wrap everyone around his finger with his manipulative charm. If it wasn't so awful, perhaps she would find it impressive. Unfortunately for her, Tom heard her scoff and as if reading her mind, turned to glare at her. Sending a silent warning to the girl, daring her to cross the line she crossed the other night.
  In the silk gown.
She rolled her eyes at him in exhaustion.It was so tiring being hated by someone so awfully vengeful and cruel. Plus, it didn't help that if he hexed her into oblivion one day, she knew he could probably get away with it on account of his apparently stellar reputation amongst the staff.If she was smart, she would build one too. But, he didn't have the curse of her last name, so she regarded him as privileged - at least on that front."Alright... well everyone, we will complete these in a few weeks as per the lunar schedule," Slughorn dismissed the class with a chirpy chuckle.Before she could leave the classroom, he called for her."Miss Grindelwald, might I have a word with you? You too Tom."Eleanor's heart sank, she intended to put as much space between them as possible but it looks like that was about to get a lot more difficult.She saw him tense with agitation in front of her, before turning around and pasting a curt smile on his lips, his perfect prefect mask sliding onto his face instantly."Riddle I think we've found a new member of the club!.. You're clearly very advanced Miss Grindelwald, it would be an honour to have you at our next gathering..." Slughorn invited her, The words were said with a sense of pride, as if she was being offered exclusive entry into heaven's gates. Eleanor must have appeared confused, because he went on to explain, "It's a group for the more accomplished ...to gather and talk freely about ideas and plans for the future. Some say it's for the favourites but of course, I can say nothing of the sort" he chuckled with his hands defensively in the air. She didn't miss the distasteful scowl appearing on Tom's face, although Slughorn luckily did.He recovered and replied with a tight smile, "Yes sir I believe she'll be a valid addition."With a judgmental glint in his eyes, he began to look her up and down - as if inspecting her for some hint of brilliance that he'd missed. Stifling the laughter that threatened to fall from her mouth, she returned a grateful smile back at them both."Why how lovely of you to say, Tom, thank you..." she cooed in response, reaching out to touch his arm as if she was genuinely pleased with his lacklustre enthusiasm. He flinched slightly and the gesture and this only made her smile more genuine.It was cruel but she watched in delight as he tried to repress the fit of annoyance that threatened to compromise his controlled features. She could only imagine the disgust he had for her touching him. Her dirty hands on his clean, perfect robes. Slughorn looked between the two joyously, "Good, good. I trust you'll give her all the necessary assistance then Tom..perhaps she could accompany you? After all, it would be a fine opportunity to get to know each other..."Eleanor almost burst out with laughter as she realised Slughorn was suggesting he take her as his date. Despite finding humour in the odd situation, her cheeks flushed with redness as she suppressed the taunting grin. His eyebrow twitched up, clearly enraged at the suggestion and equally infuriated at the knowledge that Eleanor was finding this all very hilarious.
  Insolent bitch.
"Of course, Sir, it would be an honour to accompany her," his voice was laced thickly with sarcasm as he delivered the words with a sickly sweet smile.And with that, he excused himself on account of being late for a class and practically ran out of the door.She was in trouble, and she knew it.
  So why was she smiling?

  ***
She seriously thought about faking food poisoning to get out of the Slug Club soiree. However, the thought of getting more information on the Ministry and its Aurors was too tempting to pass. After all, if there was one place at Hogwarts where she could somehow manage Ministerial connections or useful information it would be the nepotism club that she was invited into. She knew Slughorn didn't give a fig about her potion-making skills. She was a Grindelwald and she was guaranteed to make waves wherever she went - purely because of her surname. And so naturally, he wanted to be associated with her."Okay, I have this..." Octavia excitedly held up an off the shoulder blood-red cocktail dress which cinched in at the waist and flowed out elegantly down to the mid-shin."Or this.." The other, a dark green silk dress. It had a pronounced halterneck and was more of a gown, although wasn't quite long enough to touch the ground. Her mind went back to the night she was caught in the corridor wrapped in her silk nightgown...she didn't want to remind him of that. He already hated her enough and any reminders of her disrespect from that night might push him over the edge."The red I think," she replied with a grateful smile. 
  She'll play it safe. 

  For now.
"Yes, much more sophisticated, don't want him too beguiled...I'd hate to see that man actually attracted to someone, he'd be a bloody nightmare..." Mabel chimed in from her bed.Charlotte appeared at the door in a long structured black dress that elegantly draped across one of her shoulders. She was a vision. Selfishly, Eleanor was glad because her ethereal beauty would surely detract from some of the unwelcome stares she normally earned from the other students."Merlin Charlotte Black, are you sure you're not into girls?" Mabel asked with a grin, gawking at her beauty.She gave a shy smile back, clearly not used to the attention, "Unfortunately no, although it would be much easier. How women can put up with these absolute morons is beyond me.""It's easier to put up with them when they are good with their tongue dear..." Octavia reasoned, giggling uncontrollably. The dorm was filled with laughter."So, are you really going with Tom Riddle? It's just...he never brings a date" a curious Charlotte asked her. She was sitting in front of Octavia as she attempted to help her set her hair into curls."Yes, unfortunately for me, Slughorn basically forced him into it. So not only does he not want to take me - but now he resents me even more than before." The thought of being accompanied by Tom made her sick and she knew he wasn't going to make the night easy for her. After all, she did set him off the other night and then she teased him in front of Slughorn the other day. He had avoided her at every opportunity for the rest of the week as if she had offended him greatly with her presence.Although, she did catch him analysing her in charms the other day. Eleanor supposed he didn't expect her to be very good at anything else after she showed her skill for alchemy in potions. Truthfully, she found the curriculum quite boring, she had learnt most of it before and spent the lessons with her head in the clouds, desperate for a wink of sleep. Eleanor couldn't help but grin at the thought of his agitated glare and the way his blue eyes glistened with unmatched fury. She wondered if there was something genuinely wrong with her getting so much joy from eliciting so much hatred from a man. 
  Probably. 

  Psychopathy maybe... 
"Well, let's see how resentful he can be when you're looking like that."
  Yes, let's see how resentful he really can be.
A devilish smile crept to her lips.  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Holy places are dark places. 

  It is life and strength, not knowledge and words, that we get in them. 

  Holy wisdom is not clear and thin like water, but thick and dark like blood."

  -C.S. Lewis

  ***

  8:02 pm
He checked his watch again for the third time huffing in frustration, running a hand through his dark brown curls. Impatiently, Tom leaned against the hard stone wall of the common room waiting for Eleanor to arrive.He wanted to ditch her and act as if the whole Slughorn set-up never occurred. However, the Head Boy in him refused this as an option. He didn't want Slughorn to think him ignorant and wanted to upkeep his side of the ridiculous 'father-son' bond he had carefully crafted over the years with the old man. After all, he could be useful in the future and he had a habit of giving information after a few fire whiskeys and some buttering up. It was best to keep him happy, even if that did mean taking Eleanor fucking Grindelwald as his date to the Slug Club.With a huff, he checked his watch again. 
  8:04 pm

  Fuck her.
Tom straightened himself up and began to walk towards the exit, deciding to leave her behind - as he should have done from the beginning. He made it to the end of the dungeon corridor, before the manic clicking noise of her heels hitting the stone floor echoing from the high walls met his ears. A panting sound and the slow of the clicks sounded her arrival behind him.He didn't give her the satisfaction of turning around. Instead, he stood and waited, fixing a glare on his face and summoning everything within him not to hex her right there. 
  She better be apologetic.
As soon as she caught up to him, his angered disposition was clear and she instinctively reached up to touch his shoulder as she met his glaring eyes. When she registered the fury in them, she began to babble. "Look, I know you're pissed at me for being late. I know it's rude. I had an unexpected situation to deal with. Please don't be an asshole about it..."
  No apology, of course. Just pathetic excuses. 
Despite her lack of apology, Tom could tell that for once, she was actually telling the truth.Eleanor found herself at 7:57 running out of the bathroom frantically looking for a tampon. It took her the remaining five minutes to remedy that issue.
  She's not getting off the hook that easily.
He grabbed her arm and pushed her into a small cavernous space in the corridor, so no one walking by could hear."Tell me Grindelwald...do you find joy in finding intricate ways to blatantly disrespect me?" He searched her face for the hints of her signature mockery that he detested. An expression he noted, that was exclusive to her - as no one else ever dared to tease him. But there was nothing of the sort, just her pale face, pink cheeks and red-stained lips. Yes, she thought in her head - but she wasn't stupid enough to tempt the devil, not tonight. Especially not when they were expected to spend the next few hours by each other's side. That prospect was painful enough as it is. "No," she replied quietly, shifting uncomfortably in his tight grip.He looked down to see the source of her wincing reaction and noticed four rounded purple bruises in the place where he held her. 
  A souvenir from their encounter in the restricted corridor.
Surprisingly the prolonged sight of his mark on her filled him with an odd sense of content that he didn't quite comprehend. This softened him slightly as he overlooked them, just underneath her red sleeve which skimmed the space between her arm and collar bone, framing her neck and chest. He instinctively ran his thumb over them watching her try not to give him the satisfaction of wincing at the sensitive flesh being pressed. 
  At least she knows how to dress.
Sighing, Tom released her and began walking towards Slughorn's chambers. She trailed behind him, although only slightly.Eleanor watched the way he walked from the angle, almost admiring him as if he was one of the moving paintings on the wall. He had very good posture and when he took steps, he made strides with his long legs and held his chin held high. He reminded her of a king with little time. It was no wonder he had the effect he did on everyone, for every inch of him acted the part. In the hallway, the other students would part for him and never make eye contact, like he was some sort of god, or feared emperor. They approached a small wooden door with large snakes carved into the face. A hum of chatter and music could be heard from the other side. He turned to her with a warning look as if surveying a reckless puppy with a threatening glare."Try to behave, Grindelwald..." And with that, he looped his arm through hers and knocked on the door politely.At first, the sudden gentlemanly gesture was confronting, until she registered it was for the show. His crafted appearance was clearly well defined and well-practised. She almost snickered at his overt rudeness which contrasted his subsequent demeanour.As they opened the door, the party chatter dwindled leaving the music playing awkwardly in the air, as the guests took in the sight of Eleanor and Tom - arm in arm at the entrance. At first glance, they looked like the quintessential pureblood match. With his faultless suit and flawlessly confident smile and her elegant demeanour and sweet face. A picture-perfect couple. But they didn't see how she wanted to scrunch her nose up at the smell of cologne and tobacco and how he hated the feeling of her smooth, warm skin against his arm. 
  A perfect lie.
Abraxas' mouth gaped open in utter disbelief. Charlotte smiled warmly. And the rest of the guests simply stared in profound confusion. She noted a few guests that were familiar to her, Ezra Rosier, Ludo Avery and to her great surprise, Theodore Lestrange. Who greeted her with a toast of his glass and his signature cheeky smile. He also sent a wink Tom's way, which made her cheeks feel hot and she was sure she looked like a blushing idiot.Before Tom could open his mouth to deliver his perfectly rehearsed apology and greeting, Eleanor spoke."Apologies for our tardiness Professor, I'm afraid I lost track of time in the library after dinner and Tom was kind enough to wait for me," her voice was eloquent and silky and delivered with a sympathetic smile. Eleanor had learnt from her mother that delivery is everything when telling a good lie. This, and the many elocution lessons she was subjected to in her childhood paid off in these moments.Tom turned to her with an eyebrow raised in surprise, but he quickly hid it and delivered what he could muster as an adoring smile.Impressive liar, good with crowds, he noted.Slughorn's eyes flickered between the figures appearing in the doorway and taking in their presence.He seemed to be overcome with the joy of seeing them together, "Oh my child, they say the best are always worth waiting for!" - and everyone laughed, including Tom and Eleanor.As fake as it was, they were good at putting on the show.
  Good girl.
From the corner of the room, she saw Abraxas quickly abandoning his date mid-conversation without excusing himself. He strode over to them, confusion still plastered over his sharp features. He was in his typical three-piece black tailored suit - prim as ever. He looked over them once more, still with the same patronising disbelief."This is...unexpected..." he began, looking at Toms face for any hint of explanation.Tom smiled, "Yes well, every once in a while I have to do some charity work, being head boy and all."
  Absolute bloody bastard.
A burning feeling began in Eleanor's chest and her eyes narrowed at Abraxas who had now doubled down with laughter at the insult. Her cousin was clearly relieved this little show was all a rouse of some sort. She could feel Tom chuckle lightly next to her, plunging her further into an embarrassed rage.Containing her anger just enough to regain her composure, she slowly released her arm from his trying her best to appear completely unaffected by the words.Eleanor grabbed a glass of fire whiskey from a conveniently close waiter and turned to the boys still revelling in their cruelty."If you'll excuse me, boys, I'm off to find some more ...stimulating company... less riff-raff you know?" Before leaving them with a sickly sweet smile, she leant into Tom and straightened his bow tie, as if it were crooked. He scowled at her in return, watching as she dashed away attracting many stares form the crowd as she did. She drifted elegantly over to Charlotte who was with her date, an athletic-looking Ravenclaw named Magnus Astor."Please save me from that disgustingly vile man," she whispered to Charlotte as she placed a welcoming kiss on her cheek."Oh dear... okay well, how about I introduce you to some nice men? Show him how to behave properly huh?" she suggested with a cheeky smile. Eleanor knew exactly what she was proposing and she was thankful. If there was one thing Tom Riddle hated, it was being disrespected and there is nothing more disrespectful than your date finding better company in other men. Charlotte really is clever."Yes! I would love that..." Eleanor took another sip of fire whiskey feeling the burn wash down her throat. She relaxed slightly, sighing into the heavy taste.Charlotte waved over a tall, muscular looking boy with sandy blonde hair and an alluringly wide smile."Eleanor Grindelwald, may I introduce Bertie McLaggan...he's the Gryffindor quidditch team captain," Charlotte announced, sending a graceful smile to Bertie.His hazel eyes trailed down her form indulgently and then found her eyes with a boyish grin. "How do you do, Miss Grindelwald?" he nodded at her with a deep, friendly voice and shook her hand gently. 
  Finally, a boy with manners.

   *** 
The old Eleanor made a striking appearance as she spoke to Mclaggan. They were sitting on a sofa turned to face one another engulfed in their private conversation. Loud laughter erupted from them, causing the crowd around them to stare at their newfound companionship - and then confusingly look for Tom, who was seething in the corner."I must admit to you, I find quidditch a little difficult to watch...It happens all just so fast, I get so nervous!" She knew she could charm him as soon as she saw him. Men like Bertie were easy to lure, they liked to be subtly reminded of their uniqueness and appreciated women who they could tell long – often boring – stories to."You must come to a game, there's one next week actually, it's the first one of the season. Hufflepuff vs Gryffindor," he spoke like an excited boy, eager to please her. "That sounds lovely... I'll be the one shouting..." she quipped. He found this hilarious but it really wasn't. She laughed back, allowing her eyes to warm as the smile painted her red lips.Through the corner of her eye, she could see the glaring stare of a boy huddled in a conversational group to the far end of the room. If looks could kill she would surely be in a coffin.This only fuelled her further and in a calculated move, she did the thing that always seemed to affect him.As McLaggan laughed at her, she smiled up at him through her lashes and ever so lightly touched his arm, "It was lovely meeting you Bertie...you know I'm quite sure you're going to be a big quidditch name one day..."
  Hooked and baited.
Moments after, she felt a firm hand placed on her bare shoulder. It would be a lie to say his cold grip didn't send a wave of electricity through her. She took a small moment to ignore it and then looked up at Tom's severe piercing stare, which bore into her own threateningly. She returned the malice with an innocent stare.A small curt smile came to his lips but it conflicted with his cold, merciless glare. "Dinner's ready." It meant to come out casually, but it was clearly a threat. She smiled up at him through her lashes innocently.
  He hated her.

  She hated him.
"Wonderful..." she replied sweetly, excusing herself from the besotted boy in front of her and they moved to join the party accumulating around the wide circular table.The dinner was a four-course affair and as her crème brulee was finally served, Eleanor was well and truly ready to leave. She now understood why the others complained about going to these things, Slughorn's many anecdotal stories were enough to put even her to sleep. She even noted the lack of vigour in Theodore Lestrange, who seemingly ditched his date and began bothering Charlotte. As well as this, Tom managed to not say a word to her for the entire dinner and the girl sitting next to Eleanor, turned her back as if to say 'don't even think about talking to me'. However, she did learn some very useful information about the Ministry. Her new acquaintance Bertie McLaggan happened to be the son of the Minister for Magic and he was all too excited to share news about the many internships he had over the holidays. 
  He might be useful. 
"And what about you Miss Grindelwald, what great career shall we expect from you?" She was once again pulled out of her thoughts by Slughorn's unexpected question.
  Fuck.
Eleanor blinked as the silence overtook the room and the heads turned to watch her, she was caught off guard. The truth was, she had no idea what she wanted to do. Maybe because morbidly, she didn't expect to make it out alive after she exacted her revenge on the people responsible for the death of her family. So naturally, she lied."Oh, I would like nothing more than to pursue a position in the Wizengamot, Sir..." she feigned a sense of dreamy desire in her voice, which fooled Slughorn straight away.Liar, Tom thought bitterly. Everyone around her seemed to remarkably believe the absolute fiction she delivered musically from her lips. 
  But why lie?
"Ah a just woman through and through," Slughorn responded with endearment, "Yes, that will suit you very much".She smiled back in gratitude and took the risk of glancing at the rigid, silent figure next to her. His brow cocked to one side and his mouth had the smallest curve to it, she could tell he saw through her lie.
  She didn't care.

  ***
Tom and Eleanor walked in uncomfortable silence through the cold dark corridors back to the dormitory. A thick coat of tension surrounded them and she was reminded of their first exchange in the garden. If only she had a cigarette like she did then, Tom was at least slightly more bearable with nicotine in her bloodstream.When they approached the end of the corridor, instead of taking the left turn to descend the steps further into the dungeons, he made a right. She stood still, confused as to what he expected of her.Eleanor looked at the stairs, longing for bed and to be out of his company. "Come, Grindelwald," he commanded to her from behind his shoulder.For some reason, she followed. She knew that he was angry at her, but she was furious at him. So she welcomed the opportunity to be able to scream at him in the open air...for why else would he want to draw her away?He walked for what seemed like a ridiculously long time. Eleanor began to wonder if she was being led into some sort of deathtrap and she subconsciously felt her wand that was strapped to the thigh holster underneath her dress. Finally, he stopped at a bare wall. She watched him in annoyance for a moment, coming to the conclusion he was simply wasting her time. However, just as she turned around to leave, a door appeared in the midst of relocated stones in the wall.Without a word, Tom opened the door and disappeared. Leaving her to stare at the doorknob debating going in.And as it always does, her curiosity got the better of her and she followed.It was not what she expected. Not a torture chamber or an interrogation room. Instead, she found a small sitting room that was hued with the warm glow of a fireplace that sat in the centre of the room. Around the fire were two armchairs on one side, a brown leather sofa on the other and separating them was a small coffee table. Tom stood in front of the fire, lighting a cigarette with his back turned to her."Why did you bring me here?" she asked him in a hushed tone, trying to conjure up his intentions so she could prepare herself for them.His head clocked to the side but he didn't answer, opting instead to inhale a long drag as if it were his last. Clearly, he craved the nicotine as much as she did. Finally, he made his way to the small bar cart in the corner of the room. Retrieving two glasses and a bottle of honey looking liquid, he sat in one of the armchairs."Sit," he instructed her, his voice raspy and low.And for once, she did as she was told. Not because she was scared. but because she was intrigued at his intentions. And admittedly, she had a deep desire to know more about the man that loathed her so intently.Eleanor took a seat on the sofa, not daring to relax into its luscious leather. She watched him carefully, feeling for his mood and attempting to read his body language.Loathing is such an intimate emotion, only shared by people who truly are affected by the presence of each other in the world. As such, in the moment that they sat opposite each other, she felt strangely connected to him.Tom placed a heavy crystal glass down in front of her and filled it halfway. He then did the same for himself but filled it more generously, until there was little distance between the brim of the glass and the liquid. Sitting opposite her in the armchair, he finally settled his gaze upon her.Eleanor debated the contents of the glass in front of her. She wondered if he had slipped any poison in it or perhaps managed to brew some Veritaserum in time to spike it. But her concerns subsided and she relaxed as he took a large sip of his own.As her stormy eyes met his, an unreadable expression painted his features. This might have been the first time they looked into the eyes of each other without glaring or seething anger. This realisation amused Eleanor, and a small smile came to her lips."Why are you creeping about the castle every night?" he questioned her, cementing his gaze on the way her face contorted as she registered his inquiry.Right, so this was going to be an interrogation. She let out a breathy laugh at his impressive determination."Here, I was thinking you were trying to woo me with a romantic stroll and a midnight drink, Riddle," she teased with a silky voice, trying to lighten the mood. The thought of him doing this was of course ridiculous. "Just answer the question," he demanded, but his voice was absent of his typical sharp edge and was slightly softened, like she exhausted him.She knew he could tell when she was lying, so she needn't bother unless necessary."I don't sleep." "Why?"She decided to trust that he wouldn't poison her - at least before his interrogation and took a sip of her drink, needing the bite of the alcohol to calm her nerves.The truth is, she disobeyed his orders every night after her midnight encounter with him. The night was so long and her eyelids weren't made heavy enough by the calming draught anymore. Wandering the castle really did tire her out and in the least, the gloomy corridors and ghostly figures were better than her nightmares. She never got caught again, or so she thought."I have nightmares. They wake the others up,"A flush of red came to her cheeks and she broke his stare to look into the fire. This sudden sense of vulnerability did not sit well with her."Why did you come to stay with the Malfoy's?"She couldn't decipher whether he knew and he simply was testing her - or if he genuinely didn't know.Eleanor thought about the wording of her answer, "I was given no choice, my parents are gone and Actaeus and Edwina are my uncle and aunt...I don't know if you've read the newspaper lately, but my next of kin is currently busy waging a war on half of Europe...Coming here was hardly a choice."It was technically correct, but still, was only a half-truth. He didn't know the details of that day. No one did except for her and them, it was like their petrifying dirty secret. A flash of green filled her mind, but she pushed the memories aside. He took another drink, so did she."Why did you lie to Slughorn about the Wizengamot?"Another unexpected question. Why did he care? How did he know that was a lie?"How did you know I didn't want to pursue the Wizengamot?" she responded, a little offended at the thought he didn't find her suited for it.He scoffed and gave her a patronising smile."You clearly hate the ministry," he replied matter-of-factly as if someone had asked him what colour the sky was.She sighed accepting his justification.Again, her wording was deliberate, "I don't know where I'll be next year...I wanted to give him an answer that would gain me some foundation of a good reputation. If you haven't noticed - that's not really something I have at the moment."He seemed to accept this. 
  Smart girl. 
The shadowed glare of the fire danced along her collar bones, and he dragged his gaze down to the purple spots on her arm again. He felt an odd stir in his stomach but he quickly dampened this by draining the contents of his glass into his mouth.Their apparent ceasefire filled her with newfound confidence."Why did you humiliate me in front of Abraxas?" her voice was quiet, searching for an answer that proved him anything other than what she had concluded."You were late," he replied, irritated that she would even have to ask, he thought it obvious.Eleanor rolled her eyes, the whiskey giving her emotions a high as the sudden jolt of anger flourished through her veins. She stood up briskly and glared at him.
  Fuck it.
"I really tried to spare you the gory details but since you insist on being such a fuck about it, I'll explain it to you. Five minutes before I came downstairs I got my monthly period. I didn't think you would appreciate the date you already found so embarrassing to have, appear next to you with a massive, bloodied stain down her dress too, so I took the time to take care of it."She banged her empty glass on the table with great force and stalked to the door."I'm sorry for wasting your apparently valuable time," she dismissed him with venom.And she left, slamming the door behind her and making her way back to the common room in a furious strop.
  So much for a ceasefire.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  "And if the devil was to ever see you,

  he'd kiss your eyes and repent"

  -Farouq Jwaydeh
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
An excited buzz met Octavia and Eleanor as they approached the entrance of the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom. The rows of desks and chairs had been piled up in a rickety mound at the edge of the classroom and a long platform that stretched the distance of the room had replaced it."Oh god," Octavia groaned running a hand through her hair in exaggerated displeasure. "Bloody duelling again, you know last time the old bat put me with Abraxas and he nearly burnt my hair off."She had to stifle the laughter that came to her lips imagining a duel between the two.Eleanor was very careful to contain herself in classes, not wanting to give the extent of her knowledge away. This was for two reasons. Firstly, because drawing even more attention to herself was never a good idea, the constant staring had just begun to subside and she was in no haste to bring it back. Secondly, there was a ridiculous rumour floating around she was a spy for her grandfather and she supposed showing off her knowledge of the dark arts would only perpetuate it.So as always, she made a silent promise to herself to hold back and act normal.Professor Aprus stood in the middle of the platform with her arms folded and an unusual excitement etching on her face. She was a tall, slender woman with pointed features that seemed to match her usually cold attitude. Aprus was the head of Ravenclaw house and held a fierce reputation for being severely difficult to please, at least that's the impression she got from the others. In fact, not even Theodore Lestrange had managed to charm the woman, who apparently once gave him a month of detention for winking at her. "Right, good morning everyone..." she addressed the crowd with her booming, sharp voice."Today, we will be duelling. You know the rules, meet your match with honour and disarm them with your knowledge. I've seen far too much flare without actual skill lately, this will not do," Professor Aprus looked pointedly at Abraxas, who returned her direct line of feedback with a scowl."Your partner's names are written on these pieces of parchment, find them quickly and form a line."Aprus flicked her wand and small flourishes of paper shot out of it, flying towards each of the students. Eleanor caught hers and unravelled the neat scroll to reveal her partner's name. It read 'Felix Dupont'. She had not been familiar with this name in her short time at Hogwarts and she was about to turn around to Octavia for direction when she noticed a ginger-haired boy in Gryffindor robes striding over to her. He held an an air of confidence in his walk and a determined look on his boyish face.She smiled at him, in an attempt to disarm whatever bravado he had thought to gather. However, the smile was not returned and he only seemed to set his jaw tighter as he neared."I was wondering when we would finally meet, I'm Felix, Felix Dupont," he greeted her with his confident tone, in which Eleanor detected a hint of something odd that she wasn't entirely used to...judgement perhaps?"Yes, so it seems," she replied, not sure of what to make of him but not giving him the satisfaction of a polite, returned introduction.He smiled at her, "Don't worry, I'll go easy on you – wouldn't want to embarrass you, of course. After all, this area is what your lot are known for eh?"On the surface, it sounded like a friendly joust but there was a subtle hint of venom in his voice that was painfully obvious to her. She tried to ignore the jab at her family name, but she would be a liar if she didn't admit that it stung a little.Muggle, she concluded. That explains the affront."How kind of you," she replied coldly. Turning away from him and looking for Octavia. Instead, she found Abraxas and Tom, who were standing close behind her. Abraxas seemed to be silently observing Eleanor and Felix's exchange. Tom on the other hand looked completely disinterested in everything.She smiled at the thought of them duelling, she would enjoy seeing Abraxas flat on his arse and begging for mercy. It's about time that boy was humbled - and she was sure Tom, despite his many flaws, would do a wonderful job. As they were being called in order of surname, Eleanor and Felix were the second to be summoned to duel. Felix's group of rowdy friends cheered him on and woofed loudly as he mounted the platform. No one cheered for Eleanor."Give the criminal what she deserves!" announced a girl from the Gryffindor pack loudly. Out of the corner of her eye, she caught Theodore retort to her, "Please, Creevey, it's criminal enough that you have that terrifying face...but bad manners too? That's just tragic."This was probably the only time Abraxas was glad to see her. He watched from the crowd with a small smile. "Now this, I can't wait to see. She's definitely mad enough to hospitalise him," he snickered at Tom, who just watched her intently. There was something dancing beneath his observant glare as if he was waiting for her to slip and show what she really had in her. It was painfully obvious she was advanced, but for some reason, she was trying to hide it. He could tell by the way she had already written down the answer in her book before the Professor had announced it in Transfiguration, or by her complete ignorance of the textbook during Potions. Eleanor followed customary proceedings and bowed to him, despite not wanting to at all. When she came to the edge of the platform, she steadied herself taking the first position. Hold back, she had to mentally remind herself. She wasn't even sure the spells she knew were legal let alone allowed, there was no rule book when her mother and father taught her at home. No wrong or right, simply magic. He flew the first curse, a simple 'Furunculus' which she blocked easily. Eleanor badly wanted to deflect it back onto him and have him explode with giant boils, but she was on her best behaviour.
  Unfortunately.
When she didn't bother to return the favour, he lunged forward with a loud "Forma statuae!"She blocked it again with a shield charm, not breaking eye contact with him. As she watched Felix's face contort, she could see the brewing frustration within him that she wasn't fighting back and seemed infuriatingly confused at the notion.The crowd around them watched intently, stunted at her lack of offence. A similar confusion plastered on their faces as they watched her not even bother to fight back."Fight back Grindelwald!" he demanded loudly at her. However, she stood there controlled and painfully casual, as if bored by his outburst.Felix huffed in response and she watched his face grow more and more flushed with anger. Once she had riled him up enough, she sent a very basic tongue-tying curse back at him, which he dodged. The simplicity of the spell and the half-hearted nature that she conjured it with seemed to frustrate him even more and he let out an agitated grunt.This continued for a few minutes, she deflected every spell he threw at her with such ease it caused a whirl of new anger to rush into him every time. Beads of sweat appeared under his flaming red hair and he had a deep scowl painted across his pointed features.After sending a loaded 'Expelliarmus' at her, he briefly turned his back, regaining his composure. A few seconds later, he turned around with a newfound calmness and she raised a brow at the odd change in disposition."Of course... a coward. Just like mummy and daddy huh?" he teased in a mocking tone that hit her like a high-speed train. Without pause, he sent a new curse flying at her.
  Oh no.
In a knee jerk reaction, her lip curled up into a scowl. Heat spread through her chest and rushed into her veins, deflecting the curse with a little too much force, causing sparks to fly off the platform and onto the first row of onlookers. "Don't..." she warned in a low tone, her eyes narrowing to thin slits."Do you know what the Daily Prophet said the day after they died?" "Don't you dare..." Eleanor demanded again this time with an edge to her voice. She closed her eyes as if preparing herself for the verbal assault of his words. Slowly, she drew in a deep breath, attempting to regain her composure and simmer down.
  But it was too late.
In the heat of the moment, the crowd disappeared around them and in the midst of tension, it became just the two of them. Her eyes now shooting a deathly glare at him, as if daring him to continue."Radicals brought to justice...Oh! It was a very joyous day!" he yelled with a cruel smile. "But I am sorry about your poor sister, that is sad...She didn't even get to grow up and become a disgusting blood supremacist as they did."Laughs came distantly from the crowd. Eleanor was far too distracted to see but Octavia winced at Felix's words, covering her face to hide whatever her cousin was about to do to the boy. Abraxas simply grinned gleefully, watching it unfold.And then it happened.Something inside Eleanor snapped. It was like electricity convulsed in her body, creating a circuit of murderous voltage in her arms and directing her hands to thrash her wand forward."Aeternum confractus!" she yelled at him, filling the large room with the sounds it echoed off the high walls.Felix gasped and tried to run out of its path, but it managed to hit him square in the shoulder. A deafening breaking sound could be heard and his left arm fell limp, detaching from his collar bone and dangling lower than it should have. He yelped with pain and the audience groaned at the grotesque sight."Fucking bitch!" he hissed at her.Impressively, he managed to shoot something back but it wasn't a strong enough curse to break through the shield wall she had created in front of her.Her anger silenced the control she once had and she sent the next spell with the force of a thousand knives."Sanguis oris!"He tried to block it, but the unknown dark spell hit him like a bludger destined for hell. It struck him square in the face and as he opened his mouth to yell at her, blood gushed down his lips and onto his chin.Another irked groan from the crowd sounded as the crimson dripped onto the ground of the platform.He winced but smiled back at her, angrily sending her a dark curse of his own with a loud, "Pureblood scum!"The slicing curse came at a speed she couldn't deflect and actually managed to get her on the cheek. She felt the sensation of warmness flow from her face and laughed at him menacingly. His eyes gave away a small hint of fear and he stood back."Are you happy with my duelling now Felix? Look at us getting along so well..."She was sure she looked mad with a slash on her face and a delighted smile, like some sort of possessed doll with a death wish.Before he could answer back, she sent the one spell she knew would finish him."Sectumsempra!"It glided towards him with such force that she was sure the impact alone would kill him. Truthfully, in that moment, she didn't care. But just before it reached his bloodied, broken body, Professor Aprus appeared in front of it. She conjured a runic blocking spell that seemed to dissolve the magic in mid-air. The professor knew the severity of the curse and only a very strong runic spell could disarm it, it was a miracle Aprus knew it."Enough!" she glowered at the two of them, with a small hint of fear in her eyes she disarmed them both and they fell to the ground. Felix was clutching his shoulder, coughing through the blood still dripping from his mouth, forming a viscous puddle beneath his robes.For the first time in what seemed like an eternity, she looked around, dragging her gaze off Felix and onto the crowd. Eleanor was met with fearful glares from most of the students and chilling silence. With the notable exception of Theodore Lestrange, who was applauding her, as if she had just performed as the prima ballerina at the royal ballet."50 points from Gryffindor and Slytherin! And detention for both of you!"She glared at Eleanor gravely with a pointed finger, "We do not use high calibre dark magic in my classroom.""And we do not taunt our peers," she finished, turning to Felix. Rushing over she conjured a spell to stop the bleeding gushing from his mouth. He looked like a bedraggled corpse with his dislodged shoulder and bloodied front.Good, Eleanor thought.Despite being proud of her efforts, even Abraxas looked like he was going to be sick at the muddled sight of the Gryffindor he despised so much. He knew she was mad, but not that mad.What Eleanor didn't notice, is the boy standing in the crowd looking as if he had discovered a rare, lost antiquity. He must have been the only one in the room - besides Theodore - to be looking at her with anything but horror. His face instead contorted with a satisfied smirk, like she had finally done something worthwhile in his presence. He had never regarded her as very interesting before, but this all changed when he saw her duel.
  She will be useful.

  ***
Naturally, her detention meant she spent the entirety of her Saturday scrubbing the floors of the prefect's toilets. Eleanor didn't mind this, because it was a good excuse to not have to go to the quidditch match that McLaggan had invited her to. In truth, she hated quidditch and found it mind-numbingly boring. However, the downside to this, was having to spend the day with Felix Dupont. Which unsurprisingly, was incredibly painstaking.They didn't speak to each other of course, except for the hollow apologies they gave upon arrival - as instructed by Aprus. She did note however, he didn't seem to carry the same egotistic bravado against her like he did before and she even caught a trace of fear glint in his eyes upon arriving at the bathrooms. Eleanor couldn't help but giggle at this.As her detention finished, she grabbed a quick bite to eat and ran to the library, shoving a mince pie in her mouth as she went.Her fingers grazed the titles of the worn fabric book spines as she wandered the narrow, creaking aisle in the library.Unsurprisingly, the Hogwarts library had become a place of refuge for her, and she found herself spending late nights by the fireplace in her new favourite chair.  It was a secluded spot in the right-hand corner of the large room, tucked behind the Herbology section, which seemed to be drastically unappreciated by the students.Despite the comfort she found in the smell of the aged parchment and the warmth of the roaring flames, she did miss the more interesting collection at Malfoy manor. This reminded her to bring back some books after the Christmas holiday to liven up her reading options, as the watered-down titles would soon surely become boring.After a few hours, she was halfway through an Arithmancy assessment which wasn't due for a few weeks, but she wanted to complete before Sunday.This weekend was the first time the students were permitted to leave the grounds and go to a local village nearby named Hogsmeade. Lestrange had invited her along with some others earlier in the week in potions class for a day out in the village. He excitedly called their little field trip, 'The greatest Hogsmeade lashing in history', which lead her to believe she was about to be corralled into drinking a lot of fire whiskey.Despite her objections, she couldn't refuse someone like Theodore, he was so amusingly captivating when he wanted something. She also thought she owed him, for letting her completely take over in potions without so much as a fuss and for not treating her like a convicted killer after her outburst in DADA. Which she is referring to as an isolated incident.Contradictory to this isolated incident, in most of her classes, she managed to play down her knowledge. However, Potions was the only time she couldn't restrain herself and a small part of her loved to compete with Tom, who she sensed, didn't appreciate this in return.Her mind drifted to the boy that questioned her in the secret room last week. Which oddly, she still hasn't been able to find again. Despite her efforts to avoid him, the next morning at breakfast he actually acknowledged her existence. She thought back to the strange moment:
  He strode in with his usual bravado laced with supreme entitlement and sat down directly opposite her. As per usual, she didn't look at him as she moved her scrambled eggs around with her fork. She assumed he was still angry at her for storming out the night before.

  "Good morning, Grindelwald" he greeted her with a silky voice fit for a Head Boy.

  Eleanor looked up in utter surprise, eyes wide and mouth slightly open. Not only was he talking to her, but he was smiling at her too. Albeit with a smirk, but it was odd nonetheless.

  She furrowed her brow in confusion, trying to decipher his intentions. Tom clearly wanted something, he obviously wouldn't be bothering to speak to her if he didn't. 

  "Morning Riddle..." she replied after a long pause, eyeing him suspiciously and raking her gaze over his features.

  Was this his way of apologising?

  Probably not, but at least he wasn't threatening her. 
He didn't speak to her for the rest of the day. She only heard him speak occasionally in his usual small biting comments when chatting in larger circles they both were in.She decided to give up on finding the book she needed to finish her assignment, but when she turned around she was met with a figure leaning up against the shelf just ahead of her. A gasp fell out of her lips and she raised her arm to hold her heart as it raced.
  Fucking great.
Tom looked at her with amusement at her fright at his sudden appearance."Eleanor Grindelwald? In the library on a Saturday night?" he greeted her, trailing his eyes down her form with a smirk."Well, I'm not exactly at the top of anyone's party invite list after almost killing everyone's favourite Gryffindor the other day," she returned with a grimace. Her eyes began assessing the small gap between him and the exit and she wondered whether she could walk past him without brushing against his body. However, her words weren't completely honest, the aftermath of the DADA class had a surprisingly polarising effect. She had gained more friends in Slytherin and even some Ravenclaw's - than she had ever had before. However, she was firmly given the cold shoulder by many others, notably those from Gryffindor.
  She opted not to spend too much time contemplating that, as she was still furious with herself for losing control.
"Arithmancy?" Tom queried, referring to the section of books she was hovering in front of.His stare caused her to become painfully aware of the gash that swept under her right eye and stretched out across her cheek. Not understanding why exactly she cared, she still cringed at the thought of her wretched appearance."Yes, I'm almost done," she replied slowly, again growing suspicious of his sudden interest in her.And then something strange happened. A creeping feeling met her mind and she felt an odd tension seep into her veins. A small coercion pressed into her skull, almost prompting her to remember a memory.
  He was trying to use legilimency on her.
She blocked it easily. Pushing him out and directing the energy back into the air that separated them.Wiping the surprise off her face, she quickly flashed an amused grin at him in response to his invasion and a small laugh at his audacity escaped her lips. His eyes didn't falter as they intently watched her.Eleanor felt anger begin to surface, replacing her momentary amusement with the reality of the rude gesture."You really think you can just invite yourself into my mind and help yourself to my private thoughts?" she questioned him venomously, taking a step closer.Tom adjusted his stance so he was facing her, still keeping his composed, casual demeanour yet deathly intent stare."I am curious Grindelwald...What makes them so important to hide?" he retorted with a sly smile.This took her aback. For once, she didn't have a one-liner to deliver back at him. So instead of validating his presence with a response, she simply shoved past him with a huff and returned to her desk.Tom trailed behind her and took the seat opposite, blocking her perfect view of the fireplace with his cold figure. She didn't look up from her parchment, opting at this stage to ignore him.He extended one of his long arms and snatched a book from her reference pile next to her, sighing with what seemed to be overt dissatisfaction. Her eyes focused on the onyx stone of the ring she admired once before. It was undoubtedly a beautiful piece of jewellery. Eleanor couldn't help but wonder if it was an heirloom. There was something about it, almost as if it radiated with an air of attractive mystery.
  Such a shame it was on such a vile person.
He watched her looking at his hand with a small smirk, her eyes seemed to be focusing on the Gaunt ring he wore on his fourth finger.Likes interesting jewellery, he noted, filing away the useful information for if he needed it later."Where did you learn occlumency?" he pried in a soft but demanding voice.But she was in no mood for further interrogation, it was late and for once she was happy to be doing an assignment."Where did you learn legilimency?" she quipped back, still refusing to meet his gaze while rereading the same sentence over again."I taught myself." She finally looked up at him surprised at his seemingly honest answer and for a moment, read his casual expression before scoffing at him. Eleanor was sure this was a lie."No one is a self-taught occulemens, that's impossible," she searched his face for a hint of deception, but remarkably found none."Perhaps you're forgetting who I am..." he suggested slyly, slightly angered at the thought of her disregarding his intellect."Perhaps you're just a very good liar." She earnt another exhausted sigh from his lips as if she was a tiring toddler and he pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers and closed his eyes with a sigh. "Why are you so interested anyway?" she asked him in pained annoyance."I want to know what your parents taught you," he replied, his expression turning dark.Eleanor looked at him as if he had gone mad. "Oh don't sell yourself short now...I'm sure it's nothing the great Tom Riddle doesn't know..." she slowly smiled at him mockingly.
  He didn't like that.
It was true, it angered him that she seemed to have the education he dreamed of. Abraxas had informed him in his incessant complaining about her that she was homeschooled by her parents. He knew her parents were adept at powerful dark magic, and her little show in DADA confirmed that. Tom thought back to the spells she used on the Dupont fool, which he had never read about. Of course, he made sure to write them down after class - but he itched to know more.His obsession with dark magic had grown exponentially since the other years' bathroom incident and the mudblood. It was like he had a taste for the feeling of it flowing through his veins again. It could only be likened to a drug, for which he was insatiably thirsty.The girl in front of him, despite her many flaws, was the key to unlocking more for him... and he needed to quench his thirst."Don't play Grindelwald...I've seen you in our classes bored out of your brain. It must all seem so half-hearted here for you..." he prompted her, tapping his index finger on the table illuminating his ring. This sort of gentle prodding normally worked on the idiotic females he encountered and extracted information from.Her attention was once again caught by his ring, now melodically tapping on the mahogany desk. It was like it was calling to her...hypnotizing almost."Perhaps, but I'm sure I would simply be vexing you with the misfortune of my company..." she admitted, a grin forming on her pink lips. With that, she stood up quickly and gathered her parchment together, not wanting to risk spilling any more information that might get her in trouble later on."Goodnight, Riddle," she farewelled him, leaving him in the library without any answers.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "And if you are to love,

  love as the moon loves;

  it does not steal the night-

  it only unveils the beauty of the dark"

  -Isra Al Thibeh
  
  
  

  ***
Winter met Scotland soon enough, as snow fell and coated the Hogwarts grounds like a luscious thick white blanket. The bell tower chimed to signal it was 11:00 am and Eleanor fastened the last button on her black coat as she gazed at herself in the mirror. Octavia had arranged her hair in bouncy curls which fell gracefully from her winter hat. She longed to feel beautiful again like she did before all the mess that brought her here. But she couldn't bring herself to indulge in the feeling. Gazing at her eyes, she wondered if they would ever look their normal stormy blue again. They had been delicately powdered to cover the deep sunkenness that pervaded from her lack of sleep. A slither of a scar was faintly visible on her cheek and her skin was a ghoulish pale shade.One day, maybe I will see myself again, she thought."What exactly does 'the greatest Hogsmeade lashing in history' mean anyway?" Charlotte asked from her dresser, almost worried at the answer she might receive. She was making the final touches to her deep red lipstick, which complemented her warm tone perfectly."Well, you see...Theodore Lestrange has this absolutely mental tradition where every year he spends a complete fortune on bribing the Three Broomsticks staff to let them drink themselves underneath the table for the entire night..." Octavia explained fixing the buckle of her heeled boot.She continued, standing up and flattening her red coat, "We've never been invited before because Abraxas detests me – but I think Theodore has become quite sweet on Eleanor, so we've been graced with an invitation.""Will there be any other women at this debauched affair?" Mabel asked with a whine in her voice. Mabel was desperately trying to get over a crush she had on a Hufflepuff named Clementine Galway. Apparently, she thought the best way to get over someone, was to get under someone else.
  Fair enough.
"If Theodore has been in charge of the invites, I'm sure there will be no shortage of beautifully desperate women," quipped Charlotte, laughing as she leaned on the door frame."Merlin, that man is going to contract something one day."
  ***
When the girls came down to the courtyard they were met with a chorus of large cheers from Ludo Avery, Ezra Rosier and Theodore Lestrange – who were in extremely high spirits already.They were greeted with an exciting buzz and Theodore casually threw his arm around Eleanor's shoulder, "Ahhh if it isn't my favourite troublemaker! You look simply ravishing my love. Tell me...maimed any mudbloods this morning?" he cooed at her with excited eyes dancing with the prospect of the days activities.She blushed in complete embarrassment of him bringing up her earlier outburst and hit him playfully on the chest, "No, of course not..."Ludo Avery turned to her with his Cheshire Cat smile, showing his reddened cheeks bitten by the cold, "Abraxas bet us you wouldn't show Grindelwald, so thanks to you - he owes me 10 galleons.""You're such a fool Avery...I'll win it back by the end of the day," Abraxas sneered back at him.Eleanor was surprised to see Tom with the group, she didn't think this echelon of fun would be his cup of tea. He was leaning against the large stone fountain, now speaking in a hushed tone with Ezra, almost as if he was giving him instructions for something.Theodore noticed the direction of her stare, "Oh don't worry about him, he's just there to get us out of trouble if we find we find ourselves in a bind"."Yes, I can't imagine he's exactly the life of the party..." Eleanor whispered to him with a cheeky grin.Theodore whipped around, turning to face her with an offended gasp. He took her hand and twirled her dramatically, announcing, "My dear, there is only one life of the party and that is I" while gesturing to himself wildly, "Theodore Amadeus Lestrange."She laughed back at him gleefully, earning a glance from the boy at the fountain.She ignored it.Another group of girls joined the crowd, mostly loud, cheery Hufflepuff's and some Gryffindors. Lestrange quickly abandoned her and flocked to greet them all with a chaste kiss on the hand and a sly smile.
  This was going to be interesting.

  ***
Theodore jumped on top of the large rectangular table surrounded by cheering students in the private upstairs room of the bustling pub. He raised his full glass in triumph as he smiled brightly down at his guests."May we never go to hell, but always be on our way!" he toasted them."And may the path to hell be paved with fortune!" yelled the rowdy boys back to him. Even Tom joined in with a smirk. This seemed to be somewhat of a motto for them, perhaps something they said often at these types of gatherings - which she had surmised, there were many of. And with that, Eleanor took the shot glass that smelled of spiced cinnamon and downed it, following the others. The liquid met her tongue with a sharp bite and she welcomed it but not before letting out a slight cough at the strength.A small gramophone in the corner of the rickety room blared jazz that was fit for frivolity. She felt a whirl in her head as her senses caught up with the candlelight, blaring music and smoke clouded room. Eleanor made her way to a small green velvet sofa that lined the back wall and the slender form of Ezra Rosier followed her, handing her another drink – which appeared to be a clear coloured cocktail of some sort. However, when she took it from him, it bubbled suddenly and turned pink in colour, a small cherry floating to the top of the foam."Drink up Grindelwald, don't get slow on us now," Ezra cooed with a smile, as he sat down next to her.They clinked their glasses together in cheers and she took a sip, letting out an audible sigh in delight. The cold liquid tasted like spiked Turkish delight and ran down her throat like fresh honey.She turned to him with a suspicious grin, "How did you know this was my favourite?""Unfortunately, I can't take the credit for that, darling. It's the glasses, they're charmed to take the form of the persons' most ardently desired beverage," he smiled at her, creasing his green eyes he watched her giggling with joy.They looked over to Theodore who had already begun to dance a messy foxtrot with one of the Hufflepuff girls, his left hand firmly on her behind."He really is vile, isn't he?" Eleanor observed with a giggle."Oh yes, completely. He's always been like that actually...absolutely tragic and yet, extremely popular with the ladies nonetheless..." Ezra's voice was full of brotherly fondness, he took a sip of his fire whiskey keeping his eye on the crowd.Eleanor turned back to the boy next to her, "And what of you, any beaus on the horizon?" she gestured to the crowd of pretty girls that gathered to the right of them.He looked down, almost sadly, "Not exactly, no...""Break up?" she asked him softly, trying to sympathise with the boy."No much worse...unrequited love," he answered back, now looking at her with a sad smile and taking another sip. She could smell the fire whiskey from where she was sitting and let the spice aroma overcome her."Well, then she is a complete fool Ezra," Eleanor comforted him. Ever since knowing the boy, he had always been the kindest to her. He never even lightly teased her as the others did.He turned his gaze back to a group of boys sitting at the table, "He is not a not a she..." Ezra whispered almost to himself.She followed his gaze to Ludo Avery. The boy with mousy brown curly hair and wide blue eyes, now laughing uncontrollably at something - probably awful - that Abraxas had declared to the table."Oh..." she said with widened eyes, slowly realising what he meant.Eleanor turned to him with a sly smile and put a hand on his knee, "Well then we shall have to make him jealous, won't we?"Ezra looked surprised for a moment and then was overcome with laughter at her sudden cheekiness. He liked Eleanor, but not for the reason that the other boys did. They all admired her beauty and good name, but Ezra admired the way she wasn't afraid of a little trouble while always serving a demure smile. And yet, there was a sadness to her, that permeated underneath that perfectly curated mask of graceful defiance.Maybe he admired how she could hide it. He wished he could do the same with his own demons.Ezra downed his drink in one swift movement, stood up in front of Eleanor and outstretched a hand to her in a flourished movement."May I have this dance, Miss Grindelwald?" he asked with an impassioned gentlemanliness akin to something in an Austen novel.She laughed at him, the last of her cocktail on her lips, "I could think of nothing that would give me more pleasure Mr Rosier."He lead her onto the small makeshift dancefloor which was next to the fireplace in the front of the room and twirled her before taking her closely into his arms.For the first time in what seemed like forever, Eleanor laughed genuinely, beaming up at him.Ezra was an obvious aristocrat, even when he half-heartedly danced the foxtrot. His moves were swift and elegant – well practised and concise. And unlike, Theodore - who took great pleasure in being joined on the dancefloor by them - Ezra's hand stayed firmly on her lower back and didn't venture further below.After a few numbers of booming jazz, Eleanor and Ezra fell into a fit of giggles after he failed for the third time at the swing dance they were trying to master. He lead her off the dancefloor, through the bustling group of drunken students and to the table of boys, who were speaking animatedly, smoking and sipping fire whiskey.Eleanor noticed the spare seat next to Ludo but intentionally left it for Ezra, opting to instead sit next to Abraxas. He had a cigarette hanging out his mouth and was in the middle of a rant about the Ministry."It's ridiculous, they're behaving like a band of scared idiots," he sneered, finally noticing his cousin sitting next to him."Ah, Eleanor. Come to beg for forgiveness for subjecting us all to your hideous attempt at dancing?" he quipped at her, taking in her elevated appearance. He'd never seen her this happy in all her time knowing her. It was odd and he didn't like it."I didn't take you for a foxtrot man, Abraxas. After all, the moves are probably too complex for you to comprehend..." she returned his offence with a mocking smile and looked around the table. Instantly, her eyes met the intensity of Toms dark blue ones. She suddenly felt a wave of heat as she noticed he was directly opposite to her.Eleanor eyed a waitress and signalled for another drink. She'd lost track of how many she had, but the numbing buzz caressed her mind sweetly and she wanted to hold onto the feeling for as long as possible.Taking the glass she took a large sip and gazed around the crowd trying to spot her friends. Charlotte sat on the green sofa with another girl from Ravenclaw and Mabel was dancing the rumba with a tall blonde Hufflepuff - which she identified as Clementine Galway. She smiled."Where's Octavia?" she asked Abraxas, who had turned to Tom and Ezra and started ranting again. Tom seemed bored of this and his glazed over eyes gave him a distinct look of disinterest.He sighed, taking a sip of his drink "Oh I don't know, probably off pestering Mulciber to propose...""Propose? Please far she's far too young for that," Eleanor scoffed and felt the warmth of the alcohol numb her senses further. She relaxed into the chair and longingly eyed the case of cigarettes that sat next to Tom's whiskey.
  Her mind drifted back to the night in the Lestrange garden.
As her muddled head danced into the memory, she subconsciously bit her lip and a hint of cologne hit her senses.It took her a few moments to shake her distraction as Abraxas turned to her with surprise on his features. His complexion morphed slowly into a growing menacing grin, as if he was discovering something utterly hilarious about her."Oh this is funny...you're terribly daft dear cousin..." he teased her in a voice laced with feigned pity."What are you talking about?" she replied, now eyeing him suspiciously, not seeming to understand the root of his confusion. Eleanor ignored the piercing gaze from the boy opposite her.Suddenly, in a rare moment of apparent kindness, a long arm extended out in front of her, offering her a cigarette. Tom saw how she looked at them insatiably before and he knew by the sound of the conversation she was going to need one. Above all though,  he just didn't want to have to deal with one of her outbursts and offered it to her in the hopes it would mellow her.The last thing he needed was for her to cause any trouble. After all, he didn't want to have to scrape the reminiscence of Abraxas off the floor if it came to a duel between him and Eleanor. She would utterly destroy him - he knew that.The others at the table silenced their conversation and turned to listen to their heated exchange. She took the cigarette from the hand and lit it, inhaling it with fervour and taking another sip of her drink. All too absorbed in her cousin's words to comprehend the act, or who offered it.He turned to her completely, enjoying every moment, "Correct me if I'm wrong, but in Italian wizarding society, you wait until you're 21 to marry, yes?""Yes.""...And the marriage is left to the free will of the lady in question, yes?" his words were delivered in a jeering tone that made her think she was mocking him.Her brow furrowed, still confused, "Of course..."Eleanor blew out another controlled cloud of smoke to her side and shifted in a way that seemed to communicate her mounting anxiety. She hated being the butt of a joke, especially when it was delivered by Abraxas of all people.His face contorted into a gleefully cruel smile and he let out a small laugh at her expense."It might come as a shock to know that here in Britain, we have more sophisticated ways of organising matrimony..."She cocked one eyebrow and tilted her head slightly in confusion letting her cigarette hang between her two fingers, almost forgetting it was there. Abraxas continued."Here, it is arranged by your parents – in your case mine – and if you aren't engaged by your eighteenth birthday, well... you're either devastatingly ugly or practically penniless. Either way, it's quite the scandal."She let his words wash over her, the alcohol slowing her understanding. Her heart began to pound at the realisation of what he was saying."You meannn..." she began in a small voice, slightly slurred.Abraxas laughed at her slowness, "Yes. Fortunately for you though, your Grindelwald fortune and good name might even override your terrible personality."He tapped her hand in feigned pity and looked at her, "Don't worry I'm sure that you'll fetch a high price, that'll rid the riff-raff from sniffing about."
  She felt sick.
Eleanor looked at him dumbfounded. Price? Marriage? This was out of the question and it definitely wasn't part of her plan. This reaction only seemed to fuel Abraxas' amusement."Price?" she questioned intently."The dowry is one thing, I'm sure your fortune will make for the largest one yet - especially since you are the last of the Grindelwald line. But it's custom that the gentleman offers a price for the hand of the lady, especially when she's in high demand..." he spoke to her now like she was lobotomised.Abraxas thought she would at least know some of this. But of course, Eleanor only knew of the European customs and so this was a complete revelation to her.He turned to the others with a smirk, announcing loudly so that everyone could hear, "And you know, the funniest thing is... probably the only one that could afford your hand, is our dearest, Theodore Lestrange." The table erupted in laughter as they saw her turn around from the chair to look at Theodore in horror.He was at the edge of the room, pushing up a girl against the wall, his tongue down her throat, a hand up her skirt and her legs wrapped around his. As if on cue, the girl moaned loudly into his touch.
  Fuck no.
She scrunched her nose in distrust. A whirl of nausea rushed through her and made a home in the pit of her stomach, "Excuse me..." she said quickly.Eleanor put out the cigarette directly onto the table. Getting up without a second glance, she rushed down the stairs and past the entangled couple. She was farewelled by the sound of boisterous laughter erupting from the table, which only fuelled her sprint out of the pub.Bursting out the door and gasping for air, she was surprised to see the blackened sky - she had no idea it was even that late.The cold air pricked at her heated skin, as she became aware that her coat was still in the coatroom inside. Small drops of snow fell onto her bare arms and kissed the cream silk of her dress, which thinly clung to her body. She didn't seem to register this, as she strode quickly to the end of the village, eyeing a path that led to an isolated clearing in the trees.Her vision was hazy and her staggered walk was surely a sight to behold. If any teacher caught her in such a state, she would be given at least a month's worth of detention.Eleanor approached the clearing and as the feeling of nausea overcame her, she lurched over and vomited next to a jagged stump. She rested her hand on a nearby tree to balance her and welcomed the bite of the cold that began to overtake her body. Closing her eyes, she felt the crisp air on her face and for the first time in eternity, she actually felt tired.
  Maybe if she just laid down here...
"Do you purposefully put yourself in the most foolish situations, Grindelwald?" a distinct low voice sounded from behind her, waking her from her alcohol-infused trance. His tone was menacingly condescending, like a headmaster to a misbehaving student.She wiped her mouth and straightened before turning around to see Tom Riddle with a disgusted look on his face, clutching her black woollen coat in his gloved hand. A cigarette hung from his lips and left a cloud of smoke dancing around him in the snow-filled air.The embarrassment she had from the memory of his laughter at the table turned quickly into anger. Her fists balled and a stroke of confidence entered her as she turned to him fully, correcting her stance."I don't know what you're insinuating Riddle, because I'm not cold at all..." she replied, ignoring the way her skin burned from the frosty air and sent an ache to her head. It was better to prove him wrong than to give in, she thought.A look of amusement passed his features and he shook his head, "And you're not drunk either, I bet."He took in her appearance. How she hadn't passed out from the cold was simply astounding. The tight silk dress that enveloped her form was teasingly thin and ridiculously unsuitable for the conditions they found themselves in.
  Stupid, scantily clad girl.
Small puffs of warm air rose from his breath as he spoke and his nose was a light shade of pink.Eleanor sneered at him and attempting to walk past, she tripped on her own heels in the snow. Luckily, he grabbed her just in time for her to not faceplant into the wet ground beneath her. She felt the warmth from his leather glove on her exposed arm. It tingled at her skin and sent an odd sensation to her head. She straightened but he didn't release his grip on her forearm. As she adjusted, the scent of sweet lavender and dense rain engulfed him and it took everything for him not to step away.She barely registered they were only a few inches away from each other."Honestly. I'm just tired," she replied, mustering up all the strength and sobriety she could.His amused smirk spread considerably as he began to push her coat on slowly, so she didn't fall. A rush of warmth kissed her body as she realised he must have charmed it to heat her almost frostbitten skin. She let out an accidental sigh at the feeling and drunkenly smiled, obliging his assistance.He couldn't believe she was doing as she was told for once and he liked it. In his entire time of knowing her, she had never seemed to just submit to him - she always had to push back."Good girl," he praised her in a low voice and something changed in the air, like a fresh lightning bolt had struck the ground between where they stood.When she heard this, Eleanor felt light-headed and she felt a rouse deep within her as if her stomach dropped. If she were sober, she would be able to control herself more. But, after 10 cocktails that tasted like kisses, she was very much at the whim of her emotions, amongst other things.He took a long drag and regarded her blush with a hint of triumph on his lips. Despite this, she still looked mortified from Malfoy's comments, her eyes were wide and unsettled. Somehow, the way the cold nipped at her cheeks gave her face a warmth he hadn't seen before.Tom tried to not think about the fact that she was attractive but at this moment it was difficult. He himself had drunk more than usual and as he looked at her, he realised it.
  ***
They sat opposite each other at a small rickety table in the corner of the Hogs Head Pub. He had ordered her a shepherd's pie and a large pint of water that she had yet to touch. She looked around at the dingy pub with a scrunched nose, the sound of the rowdy publicans bringing her back to sobriety with their harsh hum."This really is a disgraceful place," she observed quietly, eyeing a rat scurry across the floor in front of them."I saw it and thought of you," he replied quickly with a tight smile, not bothering to be angered at her apparent ungratefulness. It was the only place they could possibly go without risking getting caught by any roaming Hogwarts professors.Tom imagined the trouble he would have to get himself out of if Headmaster Dippet found him arm in arm with Eleanor Grindelwald as she stumbled and giggled in the village after student hours.An aching pain shot through her head and she held her forehead with a wince, "I think my drink was spiked...my head is throbbing." She felt her own pulse running through her head and drumming into her ears."Yes, that tends to happen when you drink desiderium cocktails," he replied matter of factly, growing frustrated at her lack of appetite.She looked up at him in naive confusion, tilting her head to one side."What? I thought they just were charmed to fill with your favourite drink."  Another pang shot through her head as she remembered the Turkish delight flavour of the cocktail. An overwhelming wave of nausea followed as she tasted the sweetness on her tongue.He smirked at her and refilled her cup of water, with a wave of his hand."Well, well, well...it appears Eleanor Grindelwald doesn't know something. Perhaps I should alert the Daily Prophet?" She crossed her arms in annoyance, not appreciating his joking manner.When she didn't respond, he sighed explaining, "They are charmed to fill with the person in question's favourite beverage, but they also promote your most ardent desires in you. Which apparently for you... was awful dancing."This put her in deep thought. What was her greatest desire? It surely wasn't dancing with a handsome man...Perhaps it was the simple pleasure of uninterrupted joy."Eat," he instructed, pushing her plate towards her with a glare.Looking up at him, she sighed in annoyance and picked up the cutlery to cut a small piece of the pie.
  Good girl.
"Is what Abraxas said true?" she asked softly before putting the small bite in her mouth. As she chewed, she realised how truly hungry she was."Yes," he answered plainly, eyeing her every move and analysing her. He noted her slightly disarmed demeanour and looked for cracks in her usually well-constructed disposition that would explain the mystery that surrounded her."Well I don't plan on being around that long anyway, so I doubt that will come to fruition," she declared confidently. More so to herself than to him. After all, she actually would rather die than marry."And where is it that you'll be?"She thought about the wording of her answer carefully, fighting against the inebriation still whirling within her."Gone."Liar, he thought. Or at least not the whole truth.She knew she would probably be institutionalised if she admitted to anyone that she planned to die killing six ministry officials in her quest for vengeance in the name of her family. It was never a hope to her that she would survive it, she knew the odds wouldn't be in her favour. She would strike them down until her luck ran out and then she would be reunited with her family.That was her plan.But only now -  she apparently has a time limit. Her eighteenth birthday was the 20th of July. That gave her less than a year and only a couple of weeks after she graduated to complete her task."I'm sure Lestrange would be a fine match for you..." Tom edged her on, enjoying her lack of reservation.She scoffed at the notion, returning it with a sneer."I'd jump off the highest balcony I could find...Did you see the way he was touching that girl? In public as well..." a disgusted look took over her features and she dramatically dry wretched.Eleanor knew she shouldn't have said that as soon as she met his gaze."Does sex make you uncomfortable Grindelwald?" he questioned her, a smile playing on his lips."Of course it does, especially when it concerns him. It was completely inappropriate..." she defended quickly with wide eyes."I think you'll find that, if done well - you wouldn't find it disgusting at all," his voice was threatening, as if giving her a warning of some type.At that moment her stomach flipped and she gazed down at her pie, not seeming to be able to look at him.After a minute or so of avoidance, she had another bite of her pie. However, as she was chewing suddenly felt the familiarity of a creeping pressure on her skull. She became aware of the pervasive feeling of someone trying it access it.It was harder this time with her headache, but she managed to block the attempt before he got in.
  Conniving bastard.
"Stop doing that," she demanded angrily, but her drunken state made her far less fearsome and she just sounded like a mad toddler.He looked at her with feigned innocence and a small smirk, "Doing what?"She sighed in exhaustion, "My father trained us day and night in occlumency...I guess he was petrified we would get captured one day and tortured for information. You'll never get through."Eleanor knew she shouldn't speak about the details of her past, but the small buzz in the back of her head silenced this warning."Tell me about him," he said as casually as asking about the weather."He reminds me of you actually," she admitted leaning into the freeing numbness pervading in her bloodstream.His eyebrows raised, "Of me? How so?"She smiled, before explaining, "Both of you are mean bastards but very powerful nonetheless."Something foreign stirred in him and he couldn't help but feel his heart race at her words.He leaned forward with a knowing smirk."So you think I'm powerful?"A flush of heat went to her cheeks as she met his eyes, attempting to collect her thoughts she leaned back away from him. She felt as if his allure was drawing her in and even from across the table she could smell his cologne mixed with the faint scent of fresh tobacco and whiskey.A sense of sadness crept into her."Power is overrated. Even the greatest of us can fall.""Perhaps for some, but I won't," he responded confidently, pressing his lips into a thin assuring grin.She laughed at the boy in front of her, he was so sure of himself and it was oddly...refreshing. He had no doubt in the mind of his greatness even if it was laced with arrogance."We all have a weakness and eventually, someone finds it," she pushed back at him, trying to crack his confidence open to reveal something vulnerable.He leant forward further, causing her breath to hitch, "Is that so? And what's yours?""I'm angry," the words fell from her lips as freely as if they were leaves from an autumnal tree.She regretted it immediately.He scoffed searching her eyes, "That's not a weakness""It is when it consumes you," she met the intensity of his glare and the two figures sat in silence for the rest of the meal contemplating each other.
  She had said too much.
For the first time, Tom found himself enraptured with the intrigue surrounding the girl in front of him and he didn't know what to do with himself. All he knew was that he had a strange infatuation with her or maybe it was what she represented.A gold mine of untapped knowledge of dark magic and the recklessness to one day share it with him.
  ***
Tom walked her back to the common room, leading her through the back passages to avoid any unwanted attention. She noticed the way his pale skin shone in the moonlight and the confidence that he wore so well could be seen in his stride.As they entered, they met the intrigued eyes of the group of sleepy drunken students splayed out on the sofas. Their quiet hum of chatter ceased. Octavia turned from Caspian's swollen lips to greet her with an upturned brow laced in confusion and surprise.Eleanor immediately came to realise how this looked to the others, coming back together  - late - after disappearing for a couple of hours. She instinctively stepped away from Tom and began to fix her hair which was messed by the winter breeze on their walk back.Lestrange sat on the floor with a half-naked girl asleep on the armchair next to him. He grinned up at Tom triumphantly with a cocked eyebrow as if congratulating him in silence.Tom just glared back at him, daring him to speak.Theodore's drunken state ignored this. "And where have you two been?" he probed with a low mocking voice.Tom just ignored him and walked over to the fireplace, lighting a cigarette and turning his back to them.Eleanor shifted her feet in discomfort, not sure how to answer without admitting she ran into the forest to foolishly die of frostbite before being saved by Tom. She revolted at the thought that he had that over her.Ignoring his question, she started for the steps of the girls' dormitory, quickly dismissing them with a quiet, "I'm tired, goodnight."
  She knew from Octavia's stare the questioning wouldn't be over.
  
  
  
  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Suffering is as cheap as clay and as twice as common.

  What matters is what each man makes of it"

  Leigh Bardugo
 
  ***

  The heat of the Tuscan sun burned her skin as she drifted from the shade of the tall cypress trees in the garden. She carried a small basket, which was full of paints and was enchanted to carry an easel inside it. Eleanor had spent the morning by the nearby lake painting and reading – something she did every Thursday. 

  Eleanor smiled as the birds danced around her singing a tune that sounded almost familiar. Enchanting animals wasn't strictly allowed by her parents but she tended to break the rules for these small moments. After all, they were away a lot lately and when her sister was out adventuring, she liked the company. 

  As she walked up the hill to the cream coloured manor a faint smell of fresh bread wafted by her – and she knew Lupo the house-elf was at work in the kitchens. She closed her eyes and took in the moment, pure happiness filled her heart at the prospect of lunch.

  However, as she climbed the stone stairs to enter the grand manor something felt out of place. The air was stale as if the doors had been shut for a decade and the manor was deathly silent. The home was never noiseless, her mother always had either Beethoven or Mozart playing on the grand piano and her sister was very often singing as she skipped around the rooms. She became used to the quiet symphony of lively hums that permeated the Manor and without it, it was positively eerie.

  "Ciao, eccomi!" she shouted into the large sitting room. Her voice reverberated from the walls as if she was in a long tunnel. Eleanor broke the deafening silence as her heels clicked on the marble floors and she slowly rounded her way into the dining room.

  Odd.

  The grand walnut table that stretched across the room was not set for lunch. There were no candles burning and no plates and glasses filling themselves either. She glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner of the room.

  12:02 pm.

  Very odd.

  A knawing began in her stomach as she registered this and quickly gripped her wand tightly. She walked slowly into the formal reception room, which was the heart of their home and was often a lively spot for entertaining.

  Something caught Eleanor's eye as she entered, the antique mirror which stretched across the top of the large fireplace had shattered - and the splintered glass made a spiderweb-like pattern in the frame. Walking over to it, she inspected the cause of the breakage. 

  Her heart raced as the silence and faint smell of smoke plagued her senses.

  A piece of glass that crushed against the floor underfoot broke the silence and she whipped around ready to fire a curse, only to see her father with wide eyes and his index finger held to his lips – telling her to be quiet. His usually strong features were contorted and his forehead was crinkled into stressed wrinkles. She nodded, trying her best to calm her nerves but this was no use on account of the unknowing that underpinned her situation.

  He dragged her over to behind the red velvet sofa, where she found her sister and mother crouching. Clara was in her mother's arms as she muffled her tears against her dress.

  "Get down and protect your sister," her father instructed her with a serious, low tone.

  She knelt down to meet the eyes of her mother. Her usually perfectly straight silver hair was in a bedraggled bun and she turned to look at her sadly and gave her a simple kiss on the forehead, before standing to leave. 

  The gesture was simple, but there was an ominous sorrow to it like she was saying goodbye.

  Her mother waved her wand frantically, placing protective wards on the room as she did.

  Clara clutched onto Eleanor, her wide blue eyes glassy, "They're here..." she whispered.

  "The Ministry..."

  Eleanor had never known fear before this very moment and she never would know the severity of it again after this day. Her breathing was ragged as she held her sister's little hand tightly and mustered a smile to deliver to her. It was strong, but the way it faltered with a quiver of her lips broke the genuine nature of it.

  And then, with an electrifyingly loud explosion, it started. They couldn't see what was happening beyond their hiding place but they could hear everything.

  "Lovely place you have here Anthony," a hauntingly low voice addressed her father.

  A curse fired and the portrait on the wall behind the girls fell to the ground. They only barely managed not to scream as the heavy golden frame fell a few inches from them and splintered across the floor.

  "If I'm not mistaken Patil, you were never invited..." her father's booming voice chided back and the devastating blow of the chandelier hitting the ground almost deafened them.

  Green. 

  All she could see reflected on the walls was the green of the curses being fired.

  "You have two lovely daughters, don't you? Where are they today?" 

  Her heart sank. She looked at Clara who had tears streaming down her pale cheeks. She instinctively tightened her grip on the girl rubbing her shoulder in comfort.

  "If you dare touch them, I will see to it you are tortured until you beg me for death!" he screamed back.

  A screeching laugh sounded from the other side of the room, "So you're telling me they aren't behind that pretty sofa?"

  Green light filled her vision and her sisters scream sent a wave of terror through her. 

  Running.

  Falling, bloody knees.

  A grip at her hair, the roots pulled to burn her scalp.

  And then, her sister...begging for mercy, eyes bloody with terror and body convulsing. 
Eleanor woke to the sound of her own scream, begging the dark for mercy. Her heart was racing and she felt the dampened sheets that covered her itch at her sweaty skin. She took in the sight of the darkened girls' dormitory, still cloaked by the dead of night. The small figures slept soundly in their beds and she was suddenly thankful for casting the silencing charm before she went to bed that night.The fear of her dream sat in her stomach and she felt a well of hot tears in her eyes. A wave of nausea overcame her, and she had to cover her mouth to suppress the feeling of something creeping back up.Every night was the same, it was like the Ministry man was torturing her even from afar. Could that even be possible? Was she under some sort of long-range cruciatus she wasn't aware of? Eleanor sighed, leaning back into the headboard, feeling her muscles ache with tension. Looking down, she realised her fists were balled and her nails were digging into her palms drawing little crescents of crimson as they did.Eleanor wanted it all to be over. She wanted lay in the cold dark Earth, take her last breath and see them again.But not as much as she wanted revenge and if she had her way, it would be bloody like the depths of hell.
  ***
Her eyelids felt heavy and her head ached, as she stared absently into the blank space in front of her desk. Professor Dumbledore had been droning on about the wand kinetics of animal transfiguration for the past 20 minutes. Prior to coming to Hogwarts, she never knew that wand kinetics was even a term. Eleanor was always told that different magic requires different forms of delivery and that delivery is natural, like a physiological reflex. But apparently, Dumbledore would disagree.Ezra Rosier sat beside her, lazily taking half-hearted notes, every now and then shooting Eleanor a worried glance. To put it plainly, she looked awful. Her skin was paler than he'd ever seen it - almost grey - and her eyes were reddened and sunken by dark circles. She barely spoke to him all day and when she did speak, she seemed distracted by something, like she was having conversations of her own in her head. His green eyes trailed down to her hands, laying on the blank pieces of parchment of her notebook. He wondered when the last time she blinked was, not lately. Small moon shaped cuts embellished the soft flesh of her palms and he frowned at the sight. He knew she was in some respects always melancholic but even the small glistening of liveliness was gone from her stormy eyes. If she wasn't breathing every few seconds, he might have thought she was dead.As they walked back to the common room, he slowed his pace letting the curiosity overcome him and finally decided to just ask her. "Are you okay? You don't look well at all..."Eleanor seemed to be pulled out of intense thought and she turned her blunt stare to him and she took in his words with a pause. After the hesitation, she returned his concern with a small, forced smile that didn't reach her eyes."I'm fine...Just can't sleep that's all," her lie was laced with a sweet tone of gratitude for his asking.He had the same stare that Octavia had this morning at breakfast. Eyebrows knitted together, concern dripping from their pupils and searching her face for something, like a healer looking over a disease-ridden body. It wasn't that she couldn't sleep, it was that her memories of the day her family died were coming back. For some time, she found a way to push them aside and almost hide them from herself. But that deep crevice of her mind had seemingly come undone and lately, the memories had been flooding back in flashes and snippets."What are you doing tonight?" "Probably just...-" she started to respond but was interrupted by Ezra."Reading in the library, or studying in the common room, or reading in the hall?" he finished her sentence for her with a dramatically bored tone, rolling his eyes. She let out a breathy laugh in response, there was truth in the teasing, she couldn't deny that. Most of her days were spent in solitude, reading and dissociating. Perhaps it was becoming predictably sad. "Let's do something, a picnic maybe? We can watch the quidditch teams jog by the lake..." His eyebrows danced at her - as if seeing half-naked men sweating was grounds for convincing."It's freezing outside," she reasoned with a small smile, finding endearment in his attempts.He sighed in feigned frustration as they descended the stairs to the dungeons."Fine, we'll sneak off to Hogsmeade for tea and cake" his tone was decided, not allowing her the opportunity to negate him again, "And don't tell me you don't like cake because that's a lie.""Okay tea and cake is fine, but absolutely no alcohol," Eleanor warned him sternly with her finger pointed at his amused face. She was not ready to embarrass herself again so soon and she shivered at the prospect of gathering a reputation for drunkenly sneaking off with boys if she were to indulge again. Octavia still hadn't finished pestering her about coming back late with Tom after their last trip to Hogsmeade. For some reason, she couldn't bring her cousin to believe that he merely took her out for dinner and interrogated her. "Yes, absolutely not, I was hungover for three days after Lestranges' party..." his face contorted into a look of disgust as if reliving a horrible memory.Her own mind thought back to the morning after Lestrange's party. 
  She was woken up by Octavia at her bedside placing a muffin and a cup of coffee from the great hall on her bedside table. Eleanor's head felt heavy with an incessant pounding and her mouth was dry like a desert. 

  As she gazed up to Octavia, her eyebrow was hitched and a small smile played on her lips, an expression that said, 'tell me everything now'.

  When Eleanor told her the whole truth about her oddly civil encounter with Tom after she left the party, she didn't believe her. And she doubted her more when she told her he had taken her out for dinner afterwards. 

  Apparently, Tom had a reputation for seducing women but never had he actually taken them for dinner, offered them a coat or walked them home from a party.

  "Be careful of him Eleanor, he's very handsome and can be charming but underneath it...he's done bad things," she warned her with worried eyes. 

  I
  t reminded her of the look she gave her when she first arrived from Italy like she was a dying animal and there was nothing Octavia could do but watch her misery.
Eleanor knew this already; she had sensed it the moment they met.Her mind wandered to whether he could sense it on her. Repressing her memories had only lasted so long and amongst the painful imagery of that day which kept replaying in her mind, one specific scene haunted her in ways the others didn't.
  She had killed someone that day.
And if anyone ever found out, she would be locked up in Azkaban for the rest of her miserable life.
  ***
The smell of fresh vanilla and strawberries filled her nose and she sighed in delight of the warmth from the fire. Ezra had taken her to Madam Puddifoots Teashop, which felt like something akin to a patisserie designed by Marie Antoinette herself, only small and cozy. They sat in the far corner at a small round table. Ezra had ordered seven different cakes and three different teas and insisted they did a 'degustation'. She found his enthusiasm for desserts amusing, never having witnessed a boy with such a sweet tooth in her life."So, any progress with Avery?" Eleanor asked, scooping some chocolate rich ganache off one of the plates.Ezra's green eyes diverted from his strawberry tart to Eleanor and he gave a sad smile."Sometimes he'll say something to me and I really feel like he's hinting at something, you know? And then...he'll just, go back to normal friendly Ludo. It's as if it never happened...""Do you know if he's..." Eleanor searched for the words, not knowing what term was appropriate to use.Ezra laughed, finishing her sentence for her, "Inclined towards the masculine?".She nodded and laughed at her own awkwardness, shaking her head."There is a rumour he and Edward Marchant from Hufflepuff hooked up at one of the quidditch after parties. But I'm not even sure that's true, he's not had any serious relationships though...which makes me think..."He quickly moved on to the next dessert, cutting the éclair in half and placing one of the ends on Eleanor's plate.She felt for the boy sitting at the table. Ezra was so lovely and kind and she wanted nothing more than absolute happiness for him."I guess time will tell...but whatever happens, there's someone out there for you I know it," Eleanor offered, feeling a little helpless. She felt like she was not in the position to give any advice on love as she had never experienced it.He gave a quick nod and then slowly a Cheshire cat grin appeared on his face matching his teasing green eyes."And what about you and Riddle? What were you guys getting up to so late the other night huh?"Eleanor groaned, burying her head in her hands "Oh god not you too...Merlin, I'll never live this down..."Ezra laughed and took a sip of the steaming Earl Gray tea in front of him."I only ask because I've never seen Riddle walk a lady home...Or offer her a cigarette for that matter. Don't get me wrong, I've seen him with other girls, but only when he blatantly uses them for something..."He looked at her bashful smile, sending crimson to her cheeks and tilted his head, searching for something in her eyes."But he's never paid attention enough to be a gentleman," Ezra observed softly. She scoffed at his words, "I can assure you he wasn't being so much as a gentleman as he was a snooping, self-serving bastard...Sorry to burst your bubble but the whole night was practically an interrogation, there was nothing gentlemanly about it."Ezra shot her a confused look signalling for her to continue and poured her more Earl Grey tea."He asks a lot of questions...It's like he's suspicious of me or something. Needless to say, the attention – as you eloquently put it, is nothing romantic. Actually...I don't think he would be capable of such a notion..." she laughed at the thought of Tom Riddle holding a bouquet of flowers or taking her to the tea shop."Well, maybe he's looking for an internship with your grandfather," Ezra mused with a dark smile.Her eyebrows knitted together at the words."What?... Why would he be interested in my grandfather? I didn't take him for that kind of man..." Abraxas had even told her that he wanted to be the Minister of Magic one day. Surely a Ministry man wouldn't be interested in her family's radical politics and penchant for war-waging.Ezra laughed as if she had said something ridiculous, throwing his head back as he did. "Oh, I think you'll find he's much more of a revolutionary than you might think..." as the words fell out of his mouth, he instantly regretted saying them.He was sworn to secrecy about their political affiliations and aspirations. The Knights of Wulpurgis were a cause known to few and had grand ambitions, all carefully curated and lead by Tom. Over the past year, he had become more serious. It started off as a club of sorts, something that allowed them to socialise with like-minded individuals and talk plainly about politics. But lately, it was less about talking and more about planning actual ways to defend the bloodlines. There was something obsessive about the way Tom spoke about the cause like all their lives depended on whether they were courageous enough to make change. Naturally, being a Rosier, he was raised with the supremacist mentality and his parents were ardent supports of Gellert Grindelwald's cause. But truthfully, Ezra didn't much care and only joined in to be part of the club, because at the end of the day, the only worse thing than being Tom Riddle's friend was being his enemy.And Ezra had seen the pain inflicted on those poor souls enough to never want that for himself.Tom would be furious if he knew he mentioned the notion of any of this to Eleanor.Nobody was to know what they had planned to come and their plans sent a wave of fear into Ezra.  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Does such a thing as 'the fatal flaw,' that showy dark crack running down the middle of a life, exist outside literature?

   I used to think it didn't. Now I think it does. And I think that mine is this: a morbid longing for the picturesque at all costs."

  -Donna Tartt
 
  ***
 The warmth from the fireplace cast a golden glow on her skin as she sat curled up on an armchair in the corner of the vacant library. With a sudden loud chime, the sound of the large clock striking 11:00 pm pulled her out of the words on the page she was reading. Her eyes strained as they readjusted to the environment and she let out a peaceful sigh. Although most of the more enthralling books were left in the restricted section, Eleanor had managed to find a few books on powerful memory charms. She flipped the page of 'The Magic of Memory; A Manifesto of Curated Forgetfulness', she desperately grazed the pages for something useful.
  Anything would be helpful at this point.
Eleanor hadn't slept in four days and the sleeping draught no longer worked at all, it was basically as good as pumpkin juice at this point. In fact, she would be lying if she hadn't thought to resort to spiking a drink with vodka just to feel the similar lightness of a melatonin rush. She was falling asleep in her classes, her handwriting was messy and she could barely remember what day it was. It had gotten so pathetically pathological that Eleanor was given detention from Professor Lovage for nodding off in herbology. Which as one could imagine, was quite an embarrassment - one which Abraxas had mercilessly teased her about since. It was the same scenes that repeatedly raked through her mind and forced her into a constant state of panic and horror.
  Her sisters scream.

  The look of her dead father's eyes.

  The flashes of green.
She felt the magic flowing through her as she fired the killing curse and winced. It was like a sudden injection of adrenaline, sending your heart into a frenzy and bringing forth your animalistic senses from the depths of the mind. There is a dark truth to murder, one that not many will admit outside of their own conscious. The thing they never tell you in the books or the classes is that there is a reason people become murders and it's not just that some are more darkly inclined than others. It's because it feels good. In fact, revenge feels like a euphoric cocktail of adrenaline, dopamine and ecstasy pumping through your veins. The small moment of absolute power you hold as you take the final strike to end someone's life - is simple enough to leave you chasing more. But like all deeply disturbing things that bring unnatural pleasure, it was too much and she felt her body begin to decay with the darkness that pervaded it.Suddenly, her vision was flooded with a bright light, signalling that she was no longer alone."What are you still doing here?" moaned Mr Ignus in his scratchy voice. The caretaker leered at her with a wrinkled grimace as he held up a rickety oil lamp in her face."Oh...I'm terribly sorry sir, I must have lost track of time. I'll be going," she hurriedly picked up her books and almost tripped as she ran out of the library doors, narrowly managing to escape another detention. It seemed her commitment to staying out of trouble in the hopes of building a good reputation was thinning by the hour.  The corridors of the castle creaked with her every step and the dark emptiness of the air left a feeling of serene peace in her. She loved feeling like the only one awake and she welcomed the solitude of quietness. Eleanor made sure to look over her shoulder every now and then and approach the corner slowly, knowing all too well the trouble she would find herself in if Tom caught her again.Her mind drifted to the boy that everyone warned her about. Ezra didn't seem too surprised when she told him of his attempts to manipulate her into sharing information about her childhood. Eleanor surmised he was clearly a pureblood himself. In fact, there was no one more befitting of the title, with his aristocratic drawl, sharp arrogant wit and profound intelligence. The perfect candidate for the supremacy movement - her grandfather would surely adore him. Despite not being aware of his family name in society circles, Eleanor assumed he was naturally from a noble family, given his status amongst her peers. So surely that meant he received the same childhood cloaked in dark magic and forbidden secrets she did...
  So why did he care so much?
A riddle of a man, indeed. A faint sound filled the corridor beyond her, and she stopped to listen. For a moment, she thought she was hallucinating given her current degrading mental state, but then it became abundantly clear to her that someone – or some people - were moaning and breathing heavily around the corner. It was a sound that could only be attributed to one act. Intimacy. Eleanor grimaced, really not wanting to face the awkward situation that was dealing with walking past two students having relations in the corridor, but there was only one route to the dormitories. With a heavy sigh, she walked closer to the now loud figures pushed up against the stone wall, leaving no space between them. A wave of shock charged through her as she took in the mess of silver-blonde hair and a distinctively tightly curled brunette.It was Abraxas and Charlotte. She could hardly believe her eyes as she gawped at the two of them so busy entwining themselves in each other that they hadn't even noticed her. He stood between her parted legs, one hand raised firmly up to her thigh and another, around her throat. "What the fuck is going on here?" her voice dripped with disgust at the sight of her cousin in such a private moment. Something she could have gone her whole life without seeing. Charlotte yelped at the sudden fright of Eleanor's sharp tone filling the corridor and Abraxas jumped back with wide eyes and immediately pointed his wand in her direction.He looked completely bedraggled. His shirt was unbuttoned, revealing his pale but muscular chest and his usually neat hair was a mess. Charlotte looked at her with horrified eyes and swollen parted lips, which panted with a guilty disposition - as if she'd been caught with a murder weapon."This is none of your business Eleanor," Abraxas sneered at her, still panting heavily from his encounter with Charlotte, the remnants of her lipstick on his neck and chin. "Really? Because it looks like you've bewitched my friend into thinking you remotely attractive enough to fuck..." her eyes trailed between them. A small part of her desperately hoped this was the explanation, but the way Charlotte clutched onto Abraxas' hand made her question it."I can explain Eleanor..." Charlotte began with a low voice and weary eyes.Abraxas sighed loudly in desperate agony, looking at her with an irritated glare, "Forget you saw us, or else I'll make sure you do," he threatened Eleanor.She let out a loud blaring laugh at his failed attempt to intimidate her. The thought of them duelling sent her into a fit of hysterics. He was no match for her – even after not sleeping for days on end and he knew it well too. This only seemed to anger Abraxas further and he sent her another dagger-like glare. "Okay then, I'll leave you two to it then...whatever it is..." and with that, she hurried down to the Dungeons eager to leave whatever chaos she walked into, behind. 
  ***
 With an ungraceful thud, she sat down in her usual spot in divination class, she was always the first one to arrive and the most eager to leave. Despite divination being one of her favourite classes, it was the last class of the day and she had no more energy in her reserves for such a demanding subject. Eleanor always thought it best to leave divination to those with 'the gift' anyway - something which she did definitely not possess. A few more students gradually arrived and she caught the eye of Charlotte, who quickly avoided her stare and scuttled over to sit with Magnus Astor instead of her. 
  Great, now Charlotte's avoiding her.
Not knowing how to comprehend what she saw the night before, Eleanor decided to not bring it up until Charlotte was ready. What confused her about the whole situation is what someone as beautiful, intelligent, and kind as Charlotte could ever see in Abraxas. He was, after all, the most insufferable twat she had ever met and after racking her brain, she could find little to say about his positive attributes - other than his money of course. But Charlotte - being from the noble house of Black - surely wouldn't care about such a trivial thing as fortune. She involuntarily scrunched her nose thinking about them together. It really was an unsettling sight.A neat pile of books were placed on the low table and Tom sat down opposite her, not even bothering to look in her direction as he did. Eleanor grimaced at him and took in the scent of tobacco and cologne that seemed suffocating.  Perhaps the worst thing about it was that for some reason, she had a penchant for the scent, it was somehow dark, woody and intoxicating. It was a shame she associated it with him because if she hadn't, it would've been irresistible. Eleanor really didn't need to deal with whatever he had planned to throw at her this afternoon, she was sure he had some witty insults to throw at her. A sharp comment about her hair perhaps...or the way she tapped her fingernails against the wooden table like she was in a hurry. After glaring at Tom for a few minutes, he finally turned his attention with an exasperated sigh to her. But as he did, he seemed to be slightly taken aback by her appearance.Tom was used to seeing Eleanor's usual sleep deprivation manifest in her complexion, but this was something new entirely. Her stormy grey eyes were reddened and glassy and contrasted significantly against her pale skin. The usual warmth in her cheeks was absent and replacing it was a hollowness to her face."Merlin, you look horrific Grindelwald..." he observed honestly with a harsh voice.Tom had gathered by now that his usual charms failed to attract her, or even convince her in the slightest - so he had given up on the show. He waited for her characteristic reactionary grimace or her typical onslaught of verbal abuse, but it never came. Instead, she seemed to just be staring off into the distance, completely unaffected by the comment."I know..." she replied quietly after a moment, not even bothering to retort back at him. After all, she was in no position to disagree. It was undeniably true and she had been avoiding all reflective surfaces like the plague because of it.This admission seemed to take Tom aback and his intrigue around the strange girl seemed to double over as his gaze intensified on her features. "There are sleeping draughts you can take...I would've thought you knew that...""They don't work anymore," she answered him quickly, almost cutting him off with the same monotonous droll that was so unlike her usual voice. His face contorted in slight disgust as he registered this, she truly looked like a corpse. He genuinely began to ponder whether she had developed a disease.
  That would explain the foul mood.  
"Good afternoon students! Exciting day today, we're back to our applied theory of Tasseography," Professor Dolohov explained excitedly, her thick Russian accent lacing through her words. A small hum of groans filled the room in response to her, but she didn't seem to pay it mind."You will be first brewing and drinking your tea - while taking note to direct your energy into the cup. Please refer to page 211 of the textbook if you require some assistance. Then, I will ask you to write down the interpretations of your partners cup and submit them to me next week for assessment..."A moment of anxiety overcame her, breaking through the numbness. What if Tom could see what she was planning? What if he worked it out? Would he care? A hope that he wasn't as magnificent in divinations as he was in all their other classes came to mind. His expression was unreadable, but he seemed to detect her discomfort as she shifted in her seat and avoided his gaze. Tom raised his eyebrow at her and narrowed his eyes."Remember that when sipping your tea, the querent which is...." Professor Dolohov looked down her glasses at the less than engaged classroom for a contributor."The person drinking the tea, Professor," offered Tom when no one else bothered to answer.Her dark eyes lit up, "Yes! Exactly Mr Riddle. 10 points to Slytherin. As I was saying, the querent must use their connection to the universe to summon the manifestation of the future in the tea leaves. But please remember dear children, the reader must form an energetic bond with the drinker to be able to understand the leaves. This requires intense eye contact. Please don't forget this!"Tom scoffed in a low huff. Eleanor knew that the idea of this revolted him. It was far too intimate of a gesture, for the likes of the great Tom Riddle. Amusement twitched at her lips as she thought of his growing discomfort. Eleanor sat still, registering what was about to happen. She was extremely disinterested in sitting with Tom in Divination as it was - but having to look him in the eyes as he drank tea was simply absurd.Without asking her, he began to brew his tea. Eleanor should have expected his rudeness, but her tired state robbed her of that foresight."I guess you're going first then? Ever the gentlemen Riddle..." she quipped at him with judgement in her voice.Tom looked up at her with a polite, ingenuine smile, "Yes in the spirit of gentlemanhood, I thought since your clearly on the brink of collapse, I'd show you how it's done...save you the embarrassment of fucking it up."She scoffed at him, in no mood for his jokes which were simply insults wrapped in creatively pretty words."I'll have you know I'm very experienced in tasseography thank you very much...and I'm fine." He waved his wand and started to boil the water in the cast iron teapot, causing steam to blow through the nose. "I guess we'll find out," Tom answered not even bothering to look up from the workstation.She rolled her eyes and suppressed a yawn that itched at her throat and pulled at her aching eyes. Much to her displeasure, Tom seemed every bit the Divination master and flawlessly prepared his tea without even bothering to open his textbook.
  Of course, he is.
"Look at me," he commanded to her, bringing her back to reality. He said it in a soft voice but there was an underlying authority to the demand. For a reason unknown to Eleanor, something whirled in her stomach and a rose flush came to paint her pasty white face. He seemed amused by the reaction but thankfully didn't bother to comment on it. Eleanor reluctantly met his fierce gaze as he slowly sipped his tea. Without letting his piercing eyes intimidate her, she began to build the energy connection with her mind - the way her grandmother taught her all those years ago. It was an involved process that took her many weeks to learn. Firstly, she created an invisible rope with her mind and extended it around her, binding it around them. He shifted in his seat, detecting the magic, checking his sides for any physical evidence of it.  Every time it looped around him, her connection became deeper and she felt herself build an energetic bridge between the frequencies of their minds. His brow furrowed as he registered the unfamiliar connection with confusion and discomfort.  As she bound them closer, the energy between them became tighter, and it sent a wave of strange tethering from her to Tom.He had never experienced this feeling before and as he felt the energy wrap tightly it unsettled him in ways he had never felt. "What do you think you're doing?" he asked in a low threatening voice between sips.She smiled sweetly but maintained her deep eye contact, "You said you wanted to know what I was taught...I'm showing you."She yanked the invisible rope tighter, and he felt himself involuntarily move forward. Just as she was about to tighten it again, he slammed the cup down with a wide-eyed stare and a murderous scowl. The rope snapped and he was released. She watched him visibly relax as it did before closing his eyes briefly.Eleanor reached over to the cup and took it, focusing on the ritual. She held the cup in her left hand and swirled it three times from side to side. Feeling the coldness of his glare on her, she gently inverted the cup on the saucer and waited, not satisfying him with returning the eye contact. "That thing you just did isn't in the textbook," he proclaimed through gritted teeth."No of course not...true divination isn't taught in classrooms, it's passed down through the females of the old families. Surely you know that."When she turned the cup back upright and pointed the handle south, she began to analyse the form of the leaves. Her brow furrowed at the clarity of the sight of the arrangement; she didn't need the textbook to know what the leaves were showing her. It was something she hadn't seen before, but she had read about. With a speculative glare, she spent the next minute deep in thought, not able to rip her eyes from the figures that formed in the leaves."What? What do you see?" a faint sense of alarm was detected in his voice as he tried to decipher her expression.She looked up at him and sighed, turning the cup to face him. Meeting his gaze with a small smile, she attempted to diffuse the tension that had been built up around them."This..." she pointed to the central figure in the cup, "is a crown. It signifies success, triumph and glory."His demeanour changed all at once, relaxing his shoulders as his expression calmed. Clearly, Tom seemed satisfied at her deduction. "But these..." she referenced a scatter of three identical symbols skirting the circumference of the crown, "These are crosses, they symbolise death and in this arrangement...it signifies violent death," she explained slowly, carefully trying to gauge his demeanour.His unreadable expression put her on edge as he regarded her words. She noted he didn't seem one bit offset by the revelation of brutality and violence that may lay on his path. "And so...what do you deduce?" he asked, his voice was slow and sultry, like he needed to hear the words from her pretty pink lips. Of course, Tom already knew the answer he just wanted her to say it out loud.She shifted, not sure how to respond with the unnerving truth, "I um...I...You know it's subjective... There are many interpretations..." "And yet you were taught by an expert...Come on Grindelwald, don't shy away now. Tell me," he responded mockingly with a daring smile.She sighed heavily, regaining her confidence, "My interpretation would be that your future involves fame and glory, but it comes at the price of many lives and violence." By the end of her sentence, she was as quiet as a mouse.He delivered a devilish grin to her and nodded thoughtfully to himself, leaning back into his chair consumed by thought.
  Correct. Smarter than she led on.
Shaking off the chill that ran down her spine, she began to boil her tea. Instead of using Tom's method, she curled the water around a ball of enchanted hot air inside the teapot. Her grandmother used to say that the infusion is better created this way.Tom watched her carefully, taking in her every move as she disregarded the method laid out in the textbook with ease. She clearly had a talent for divination and the endless uses for it passed through his mind as he watched her."Show me what you did to me before," his eyes were intent and his voice demanding.After a momentary pause of debate, Eleanor came to the conclusion it wouldn't hurt to share the small tactic. And at that moment, she wanted desperately to avoid creating any unnecessary drama with Tom.She gave him a small nod and he smiled back.
  Good girl.
"Okay, the way you create the energy bridge...""Energy bridge?" "Yes, that's what my grandmother called it. It's basically when you bind your energies together and meet at a frequency so you can connect to someone's soul. It essentially tunes you to them and creates a temporary bond..." Eleanor explained, trying not to show her excitement at recounting her grandmother's teachings."And this bond...can it be used for more than just reading tea leaves?" "I suppose so, but the darkest magic always requires some form of energy manipulation, so I guess it depends on what you're after..." Eleanor replied quickly, their recent connection clouding her sensibilities.His eyes danced and his attention was dedicated to her words. She had made the mistake of revealing a fundamental truth about herself without even knowing it.  Eleanor had just openly admitted to having used high forms of dark magic and on top of this - knowing strategies to summon it. Never had Tom Riddle been so captivated by a woman in his life. She tucked herself in abruptly and couldn't help the childish excitement that flourished in her at being able to share something that interested him. Eleanor didn't like or necessarily understand why intriguing him was so satisfying, but her sleep deprivation robbed her of the intuition to care. A small enthusiastic smile graced her complexion, cracking through her drained demeanour and painting some colour on her face."Right, so you have to look the subject in the eyes but you must look beyond that point and extend your gaze inwardly as if you could penetrate the skull..." she attempted to demonstrate the intensity of the stare and he copied with ease.She gave him a reassuring nod and closed her eyes momentarily to concentrate and gather her energy."Good. Now here's the tricky part. Imagine a coiled rope in your mind, the fibres of the rope are constructed with the energy that constitutes your form. Feel the rope forming and lacing together and let it reverberate with your energy - give it power."She opened her eyes and was taken aback by the ferocity of his stare, still targeted at her. No one had ever looked at her like that before and she wasn't sure if she liked it. "Now, extend the rope out of your mind, and bind it around us" her voice was quiet and slow, her breathing became slightly stunted.And then just like that, she felt it creep up on her like a cold shadow."Can you feel my energy touch your own?" she asked in a breathy voice, looking up at him through her lashes from sipping her teacup."Yes," his voice was a concentrated whisper. She swallowed down hard and began to feel the bond take over her.Everybody's energy felt different. Her grandmothers, was warm and felt like a golden ray of sunshine engulfing her in a generous embrace. Toms was completely different. His was glacial and sharp, as it bound around her a feeling of electricity crackled in the air. Like a lightning storm in the Arctic circle. It was an odd sensation she had never encountered - as if they were both on the edge of a cliff looking down to crashing murderous waves but they were somehow excited to jump. A rush of adrenaline coursed through her veins and she had to resist the urge to close her eyes to let it take over her.Her heart pounded as her breathing became deep. Something within them became intimately acquainted and the feeling was uncomfortably strong. The strength of it was surprising as she half expected him to not be able to create the bond on his first attempt. It took her months of training before she mastered the bond. She found herself struggling to speak but finally gathered herself. "G...Good. Now, slowly tighten the force and constrict the rope. Find the frequency that radiates between us and form the connection - like tying a knot." Her attention turned to her energy manipulation, calling on the universe to manifest her future in the tea. Eleanor maintained his harsh eye contact as she began to channel her energy into the teacup. It was difficult to manage her focus as he tightened and tightened his grip around them with little mercy or patience. She felt him find the frequency as another crack of electricity waved through her and into him, like lightning shooting through her ribcage and bouncing off her organs.  She let out a heavy breath, shivering at the unusual coldness of the bond. He noticed this and smirked.  It felt...powerful.When it became too much, she found the strength to break it - but only just. Slamming her nearly empty cup down she broke the bond by dragging her eyes away from his and leaning away from him."I've never seen someone learn it that fast before..." she whispered worriedly - more to herself than him.For a moment he didn't respond and when she finally looked up at him, he had a look of surprised triumph in his expression, as if he had suddenly struck gold. He quickly recomposed himself, returning to his usual demeanour and grabbed the cup from her flashing the onyx of his ring in her direction.After the preparation steps, he surveyed the cup intently, his eyebrow hitching as his eyes danced around the cup. Tom glanced up at her and a deepened smirk played on his lips, teasing her with the humoured glint in his eyes. "What does it say?" Impatience was clear in her voice, remembering her anxieties from before.His gaze trailed back down to the cup, taking in the symbols and their unique positioning. A figure resembling a dove in flight formed in the middle of the cup. To the left, there was a clover and to the right a skull."You seek peace through a promise made with death."They didn't realise this, but it was at this exact moment their paths were forged onto a torturous journey that would entwine them forever. 
  ***
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
    
    
      
        "Is it poisonous?
      
      
        Like all beautiful things, I would hope so."
      
      
        -Penny Dreadful
      
      
        ***
      
      Remarkably, she had slept like a newborn that night and when she woke to the light peering through the underbelly of the lake in her window, she felt a strange sense of peace that was akin to an old memory. Something inside her began to regret the energy connection that she forged with Tom the day before. Her sensibilities in her subconscious told her it was a foolish display of power and that she should have been less of a keen exhibitionist with him. 
      But the truth was, the energy that she expelled during the class was immense and plunged her into a slumber she had not known for quite some time. Skipping dinner in the great hall that night, she fell into her bed without any trepidation or haunting lack of melatonin. And in the morning, her eyes didn't feel heavy and there was no dull ache that pervaded her mind.
      Looking at the clock on the wall, she noted the early hour in the morning. Eleanor grabbed her clean robes and crept out of the dorm while the others still slept soundly. There was no one in the lavatory and she enjoyed the sense of peace the isolation gave her as the warm water graced her skin and woke her up gently.
      She looked down at the scars on her torso. One long slash just below her ribcage and another dancing over her hip bone in a slight crescent shape. They were reminders of the fateful day she lost her family and she grimaced as the memories repeated in her mind, seemingly returning from the moment of peaceful reprieve. 
      The smell of the sweet lavender soap lathered onto her body took her back to their holidays in the south of France, where she and Clara would play in the fields for hours on end. They would spend their day's enchanting local deer and birds to dance and sing for them. But their favourite thing to do was to make the flowers in the fields grow taller than their heads and construct a hut full of floral scents and colours.
      She smiled at the memory and for a small moment, she didn't feel so miserable. With the picture of Clara's smile and the memory of her high pitched giggle, she savoured the moment, before she was plunged back into her melancholia. Tapping her wand, she arranged her hair in a small neat chignon that sat at the nape of her neck and did her best to cover the dark circles around her eyes. It was the least she could do. 
      For the first time in a while, she promised herself that today she would try. Perhaps it was the sleep, or perhaps, it was the memory of the lavender fields - but it didn't matter. She knew she didn't have long before her task at hand most likely ended her life and so she wanted to at least enjoy something before she left the world in the divine chaos she had planned.
      At the sound of more students entering the bathroom, she left, preferring to be alone with her thoughts.
      ***
      Eleanor sat at the long dining table completely unaware of her surroundings, she was lost in her book 'The Taming of The Memory; A Guide to Advanced Memory Charms". Suddenly a grape flew in front of her and hit her square in the head. Shocked, she dropped her book with wide eyes and it closed altogether - losing her page in the process. She looked up in shock and came to realise Theodore Lestrange and Ezra Rosier bursting into laughter. Tom was next to them, a look of annoyance plastered on his face at their boisterousness distracting him from his own book. 
      "Now I have your attention Grindelwald, I was asking if you were coming to the Lake party this weekend?" Theodore announced at her, not caring for the fact that he interrupted her at all.
      "What lake party?"
      He sighed in dramatic exasperation and shook his head at her as if she was a naughty child.
      "I told you about it in potions...you know Avery's birthday. They'll be a bonfire, whiskey and plenty of dancing – with me I hope..." he winked.
      "And debauchery I bet," she added with a cocked eyebrow and a judgemental grin.
      "Oh yes," Ezra chimed in with a knowing laugh.
      "Of course darling, what's a party without some light debauchery to keep us young and beautiful, eh?" he wrapped his arm around Ezra and stroked his face as if showing off his boyish beauty to her.
      "Yes, well next time I see you inside another woman publicly I will have no hesitation in hexing you," she warned him playfully. Ezra chuckled - with no doubt in his mind she would. Even Tom had a small smirk appearing on his face, coming to the conclusion that he would love to see her completely maim Lestrange.
      "Jealousy simply doesn't suit you, my love," he extended his hand on top of hers and tapped it patronisingly.
      She scoffed, "Horror is a more suitable word I think. Just be kind and find a broom cupboard next time to save me the trauma. I already need enough therapy as it is." She took a bite of her cold toast and furrowed her brow in confusion as she noticed Theodore and Ezra seem to become distracted, watching something behind her with newfound sneers.
      Someone cleared their throat behind her and tapped her on the back. Eleanor turned around to see Bertie McLaggan dressed in his quidditch uniform, smiling down at her.
      "Bertie!" she shot him a sickly sweet smile, her voice was silky.
      "Hello stranger..." he greeted her with a friendly smile complete with dimples, reminding her of a cheerful puppy.
      "What do you want with my girlfriend, McLaggan?" Theodore sounded from behind them, breaking their friendly conversation with his booming voice clearly offset at the Gryffindors presence.
      "Oh please Theo...We both know I would never date you," she turned around and shot daggers at him. He scoffed at her but couldn't help laugh at the rudeness of the words falling from her elegantly pink lips. With a hand to his chest, he feined heartbroken shock. 
      She turned back to the boy, who seemed to ignore Theodore's threatening comments easily. "It's lovely to see you, I'm sorry I couldn't make the game the other week. I believe a congratulations is in order though...I heard it was quite the victory."
      Bertie's face pulled into a delighted grin,  "Oh not to worry...I was actually wondering I could have a word with you...in private," he added as he looked behind her, presumably at the unkind faces of the boys that had elected to be unwelcoming.
      She shot up, reminding herself that he had useful ministry connections. Making sure to flash him her best smile, she was thankful she had actually done her hair and bothered with her face this morning.
      "Of course..."
      As she left the table without a second glance, three pairs of eyes narrowed at the back of the boy next to her.
      "What the fuck is that all about?" Lestrange asked disgustedly.
      "I saw them at Slugclub together, she seemed to be quite taken with him...I mean he is pretty fit..." Ezra shrugged trying not to let his Slytherin superiority get the better of his judgement, but he couldn't help the protective urge that rose within him. 
      Tom just ignored them with a cold expression and turned his attention to his own book preferring not to spend any more time on the girl that had been taking up too much of his thoughts lately. 
      Bertie led Eleanor out of the grand hall and into the courtyard next to the bubbling fountain. He looked nervous and she gave him a reassuring smile to comfort him.
      "I was actually wanting to ask you something..." his cheeks were flushed and he looked over her head at something in the distance.
      She had to stop herself from bursting into laughter at him, it was quite disarming to see a man genuinely caught up in the throes of a woman's company. It was almost endearing, she waited for him to continue.
      "Firstly, I just want to make sure...You and Riddle you're not..." he began to ask awkwardly, clearly referring to their unfortunate coupling the night of her first Slug Club dinner.
      "Oh god no...he's a complete twat actually," she said with disgust in her voice. He seemed relieved to hear this and relaxed slightly, taking a deep breath. 
      "Oh!... Oh brilliant, because I was wondering if you would accompany me to the club next Friday - as my date..." he seemed proud of himself for finally getting it out and searched her eyes frantically for any signs of rejection.
      "That would be lovely Bertie, thank you for asking," she beamed up at his chocolate brown eyes and put her hand on top of his in an act of gratitude. He seemed to melt into her stare and for a moment, she was sure he was leaning in but she pulled away instinctively, knowing that if she held back it only made him more interested.
      He gathered himself and smiled excitedly down at her.
      "Great! Well, I'll pick you up at 7:45?" 
      "Wonderful!" her voice was silky and her smile had a way of hitching his breath. She almost felt bad for using him but then she remembered that his father probably gave the orders to slaughter her family and this feeling quickly dissipated.
      "Right well, I'm off to practice. The team is bloody shabby this week they really need it..."
      She waved him off.
      
        All was going to plan.
      
      
        ***
      
      "I just don't understand why you would say yes...he's a fucking Gryffindor darling it's utterly tragic," Lestrange looked at her as if she was deranged when she told him about Bertie. Not even Ezra looked very impressed with her.
      They were walking from the Herbology greenhouses to transfiguration and Eleanor already regretted telling them.
      "He's a very handsome, kind, quidditch captain from a good family, there's no tragedy in that Theodore."
      She knew reasoning with him was useless but she had to make something up for it to be believable. Of course, she wasn't actually attracted to Bertie, but she needed to make it seem somewhat plausible.
      "He is quite attractive if you like the broad muscular type.." Ezra chimed in, but he still didn't quite understand it.
      "See, even Ezra sees it...and he's not even his type," Eleanor defended, as they turned the corner in the east wing of the castle. 
      Theodore just scoffed in disgust, still outraged and taking it very personally. "I've never seen him pull a hot girl before...It's going to give him even more of an ego and then I'll have to deal with it on the quidditch pitch..."
      "I think you complaining about another man's ego is a tad hypocritical Theo..." she giggled. Eleanor noticed Charlotte walking to her from the far end of the corridor and she pointed at the little alcove with a small smile. Eleanor excused herself from the boys, who were now bickering over something else and she followed Charlotte.
      "Hello..." she looked up at her with an awkward smile, her eyes full of guilt.
      "Charlotte you really have to explain this to me I've truly been going mad over it," Eleanor pleaded with a small laugh.
      "I know, I know. I just didn't know how to explain, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to avoid you..."
      "It's fine, I haven't told anyone if that's what you're worried about. I know you probably have been keeping it from Octavia and for good reason." Eleanor thought about how Octavia would react to her best friend telling her she had been sneaking around with her brother.
      "I just...It all started last year, we did a Potions assignment together and although he was a complete arsehole at the start...we kind of became friends..." She watched Eleanor's expression intently as she explained, making sure to detect any signs of judgement.
      But there were none.
      "And then, there was this afterparty when Slytherin won the quidditch grand final last year. We both got really drunk and one thing lead to another..." she blushed and looked away embarrassed.
      Eleanor placed a hand on hers, trying to comfort the girl. 
      "We've tried to stay away from each other, but nothing seems to keep us apart. He's actually really quite lovely underneath it all, you know? Like, he has this hidden streak of loveliness I guess..."
      "Well, I'm glad that he has some redeeming features, I was beginning to get worried he was a genuine sociopath," Eleanor mused, which earned a gentle laugh from Charlotte. Although she couldn't quite believe that he could truly be lovely.
      "I won't tell anyone, I promise. But, you need to be more careful, if Octavia found out...I can't imagine she would be very happy." 
      Charlotte sighed and nodded, before pulling her into a strong embrace.
      "Thank you, Eleanor, you truly are the sweetest soul..."
      If only Charlotte knew how untrue that really was.
      
        ***
      
      Eleanor hated being late and so when she ungracefully burst into the Transfiguration classroom ten minutes after it had commenced, she was mortified at the attention it brought towards her. Twenty pairs of eyes were glued to her as she found the ones of her bearded professor.
      "I apologise for my tardiness, Professor Dumbledore...I got lost, there are so many corridors that I'm not quite familiar with yet..." she lied with perfectly manufactured, sweet innocence. After all, she could hardly admit that she had been chatting with her dorm mate about catching her fraternising with her complete bastard of a cousin.
      Dumbledore's eyes twinkled and a small kind smile graced his complexion.
      "Of course Miss Grindelwald, please take a seat next to Mr McLaggan," he replied, gesturing to Bertie who was sitting at the front of the classroom and had a small, enthusiastic grin plastered on his face. He seemed pleased at the sudden pairing and even stood up to pull out her chair for her. Although this was a lovely gesture, it embarrassed Eleanor profusely and her cheeks flushed red and she fought the urge to run out of the room and disappear.
      Eleanor smiled at him in silent thanks as she sat. She looked over to her right and noticed Tom and Theodore at the desk next to her. Both of them scowled at her company, extremely unimpressed at Bertie's affectionate politeness. Theodore's expression was a mixture between confusion and disgust and Tom's was pure judgement, as if questioning why she would stoop so low.
      
        How that oaf believes she could possibly be interested in him, he'll never know.
      
       A small part of him wondered why she entertained his affections at all, she hated the Ministry and Bertie's stupid father Leopold McLaggan was the Minister of Magic himself. He hoped she was smart enough to be using him, perhaps she wanted something. 
      
        But he doubted that. 
      
      Eleanor rolled her eyes at them and turned to try and ignore their presence.
      "Today we will be using the old transfiguarational magic of Opus Facere, which is the art of transforming an everyday object into one that resembles or symbolises your greatest desires. Can someone please tell me why it was used historically?" he raised his eyebrows in expectation at the crowd.
      As always, Eleanor knew the answer but refrained from sharing it. Both Bertie and Tom shot their hands up quickly and Dumbledore's twinkling eyes skimmed over the two of them before landing on Bertie.
      "Yes, Mr McLaggan?"
      Eleanor could feel the annoyance radiating from Tom's direction at Dumbledore's plain disregard of him and she smirked. Ever since their energy bridge in Arithmancy, something had shifted between them. She was more attuned to him, like the energy bridge was still faintly there, although she wasn't sure how that could be possible as it was only supposed to be temporary magic.
      Eleanor wondered if he felt the same.
      "Opus Facere was used by sorcerers in the past to understand or self-actualise their desires when they were not yet certain sir," Bertie answered confidently with a dimpled smile. 
      "Wonderful Bertie...Indeed, it was commonly used by wizards and witches in their young adulthood when they were specifically attempting to gain an understanding of their passions or life goals. Typically used in Japanese magical society, the object turns into an item that symbolises this and provides context to their desires..."
      Dumbledore waved his hand and a large antique chest at his feet snapped open and a small object flew out and landed in front of each student. Eleanor watched as a golden goblet flew onto her desk and a pair of spectacles landed next to her for Bertie.
      "Speak with eloquence in your incantation and imagine your soul projecting onto the object and do not forget the wand-waving kinetics we have been practising."
      "What do you think yours will be?" Bertie asked her, leaning in with a whisper. 
      "Oh gosh, I don't know...perhaps a cat?" she answered him with a small smile. This again was a complete lie. Eleanor hated cats and unless the object could transfigure into her sister she didn't care in the slightest what it was.
      "I have cat! His name is Colin, maybe you could meet him sometime?" he offered with a playful smile. She internally grimaced at the failure of her lie - now she might have to pretend to like cats if he shoves bloody 'Colin' in her face. 
      "I think yours will be the Quidditch World Final Cup," she mused sweetly, opting to ignore the invitation in the hopes that he would forget it.
      Picking up the wand she began the incantation, making sure to wave her wand precisely the way that they had been learning for the last couple of weeks.
      "Soul to metal, water to fire, let this object reflect my desire..." she began, devoting unwavering attention to the goblet. With a flourish, she directed her wand at the goblet and it began to shake as if there was a sudden earthquake.
      
        "Fenestra ad animam, opus facere!"
      
      And with that final spell, the golden goblet contorted wildly. Its misshapen figure swirled like it was in a hurricane, almost blurring from the speed. She began to see the formation of colours. Red, blue and green twisted into it. The shape thinned and elongated, but the golden hue stayed the same.
      Eleanor's stomach twisted violently as she took in the object it had become. 
      An ornate golden dagger lay before her. It was encrusted with rounded rubies, sapphires and emeralds at the handle and then tapered down into an elegant blade that appeared to be so sharp, it could sever the wooden desk in half with one slash. Along the top of blade, a fleur de lis was sketched into it. Eleanor watched as the pointed end of the blade began to reveal a faint etching of letters. 
      'Immensus Vendicta' was engraved in fine calligraphy into the shiny gold of the blade. 
      She smiled at the sight and knew exactly what it meant, Boundless Revenge, a fitting phrase for her haunted mind and broken soul.
      Quickly, she flipped it over so nobody could see the rather morbid message made just for her. 
      For a moment, she was lost in the beauty of the weapon and paid no attention to anything else. It reminded her of something her father would have collected and displayed in their home. Before joining her grandfather's war effort he was an art and antique collector. He travelled far and wide from the deserts of Egypt to the jungles of New Guinea to purchase these treasures and had built quite the collection of rare, dangerous and beautiful items. As a result, the Grindelwald Manor resembled more of an art gallery or a museum than a residential property and she adored studying each and every piece. It made her feel like she lived amongst history. 
      "Woah..." Bertie whispered from next to her, eyeing the dagger.
      Eleanor looked up at him, pulling herself out of her memories and she saw the small silver object in front of him. It was a regal looking signet ring.
      "That's lovely," Eleanor commented, leaning in to eye the lion head engraved on the face of the ring.
      He picked it up and held it closer so Eleanor could admire it, clearly liking the attention she was giving him.
      "It's my fathers...It has been in my family for centuries, I've always wanted it. I guess it symbolises the need for his approval, he's a hard man to please..." he stared down at the ring with an enamoured gaze, before turning it to her dagger.
      "And what does that mean?" he asked pointing to it.
      "I'm not sure...perhaps I like beautiful, deadly things..." she laughed.
      But she knew exactly what it meant. Above all, Eleanor desired the means to avenge her family. And what better to symbolise that than an elegantly designed weapon that appears ornamentally material on the surface - but could unleash hell if provoked.
      "Ahh very interesting..." a soft voice sounded from in front of her. Without realising, Dumbledore had joined them at the table and gazed distantly at the dagger before giving Eleanor an odd look. She didn't know how to perceive this, it was as if he was attempting to decipher her. It was something she found him doing often, in the great hall, in the corridors and even sometimes in class. Occasionally, it was as if he knew her mind. 
      "I always find it funny when students' items appear to be linked in some way..." he observed with a small smile that glinted with a lustre of wisdom.
      She frowned in confusion, a small crease appearing between her stormy eyes. Looking at Bertie's signet ring, she couldn't understand how her dagger and his ring were even remotely 'linked'.
      Recognising her expression, Dumbledore shook his head with a breathy laugh and turned his gaze to the space to the left of her. He gestured with a cloaked hand towards the neighbouring desk with a smile. Eleanor followed his hand and her gaze landed on Tom's indistinguishable glare directed at her and then slowly trailed down to the object in front of him.
      Her heart skipped a beat and her breath hitched as she took it in.
       It was a golden crown, like something from the Arthurian age. It's perfectly identical golden hue shining in the many points forming elegant fleur de lis' that stemmed from it. Around the base of the striking piece was a pattern of encrusted rubies, sapphires and emeralds, matching exactly her dagger.
      
        It was as if they were made to be worn together. 
      
       
       
    
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  "... I ardently hope that the gratification of your wishes may not be a serpent to sting you"
  
  
  

  - Mary Shelley 
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
The ebony lake shone in the moonlight as Eleanor and Ezra Rosier neared the grassy path from the shadowed castle grounds. He held a wicker basket that was clanking every so often as he swayed from side to side. They giggled uncontrollably at each other, linked arm in arm. Perhaps 'pre-drinking' was not the best idea, especially considering the fact that they were about to walk into a party hosted by Theodore Lestrange – which surely would involve more alcohol than anyone on Earth could handle. However, the nerves had gotten the best of Ezra and Eleanor thought some liquid courage would be the divine solution he needed."Are you sure you want to do this?" Eleanor asked him with a quirked brow."I have to...I'm going crazy. At least if he rejects me, I'll know and move on," he stated, the fire whiskey filling him with newfound confidence.Ezra decided that tonight he would make his move on Avery. After a little bit of encouragement from Eleanor – and a lot of firewhiskey – he was ready to swallow his pride and put himself out there."Does anyone else know?""Lestrange knows, but only because he used veritaserum on me last year as a joke at a party..." he gave a snort, "He thought that I was interested in him...God, he's thick, he was actually kind of upset that I wasn't actually."Eleanor couldn't help but laugh at the boy's profound ego. It was no secret Theodore enjoyed the delights of both men and women, in fact, he once told Eleanor that heterosexuality was 'half the fun and twice the bore'.
  Whatever that meant.  
"I'm surprised he kept that to himself, he's such a bloody gossip, and Riddle knows as well obviously.""Riddle?" Eleanor's voice had a twinge of alarm in it as a flash of blue mysteriously piercing eyes ran through her mind."Yes, luckily for me though he couldn't care less about any of our romantic pursuits. It might come as no surprise to you that he regards those matters as 'deeply uninteresting and extremely childish'," he finished the sentence in a poor impression of Tom's low, serious voice.Eleanor scoffed. Of course, he thought that way. She couldn't imagine him as the dashing Mr Knightly or even the misunderstood Mr Darcy from her favourite novels. Tom Riddle seemed so far removed from the prospect of romance and commitment it was almost a joke. She doubted he could even be capable of a compliment - much less possess the ability to actually please a woman."Perhaps he's asexual..." Eleanor mused out loud and was met with another loud chuckle from Ezra, now shaking his head."Oh I don't think so, I've seen enough women leave his room half-naked for that not to be true. Riddle is complicated. He couldn't care less about the girls he sleeps with obviously, but he clearly has...the urge."They both burst into a fit of laughter and the bottles in the basket violently clanked together again as their footing wobbled. As they approached the woods that skirted the lake, the orange hue of a large bonfire in the distance came into vision and they were greeted with the hum of party chatter."And what of you Mr Rosier, do you have the urge tonight?" she grinned up at him drunkenly and he grinned at her back with a cheeky glint in his eye."Darling, I have the urge every day. It's a pity these men are less than ideal," he swept his hand across the open space in front of them, gesturing to the gathering of students becoming more clear in the foreground of their vision."Not Ludo though..." she replied with a devilish grin, they were almost there and she saw Octavia's shiny blonde hair bouncing as she was dancing with Caspian while Charlotte and Mabel laughed near them. "No, not Ludo."
  ***
They gathered around the warmth of the tall blazing fire and instinctively, Eleanor held up her hands to warm them. She closed her eyes as she relished the heat flow through her cold fingers and settle on her goosebumped skin.Suddenly a pair of large arms snaked themselves around her waist and swirled her around in a spinning motion, which was not very pleasant after her afternoon of drinking with Ezra. He swept her in the direction of the loud, dancing crowd. "My darling Grindelwald is here! Thank fuck, it was getting a bit boring with this lot..." Lestrange announced into her ear from behind – clearly extremely inebriated too.She laughed hazily as he put her down and she wrapped her arms around his neck and they began to sway to the firey jazz that blared from the gramophone which sat on a nearby log. He took one of her hands and spun her out and wrapped her back in again, flashing his characteristic Casanovian grin."I'm surprised to see you so sober Theodore, I'd expected better of you..." she tapped her index finger on his nose with a cheeky smile and a mockingly disappointed tone."I wouldn't worry Grindelwald..." he stood back from their embrace and raised his arms above his head in drunken delight. "The night is young and the ladies are plenty!" He took her waist again and they picked up where they let off in their half-hearted dance. The crowd around them blurred all into one as they span together."And which one of these poor souls is your victim tonight, eh?" she asked him with a villainous smile, "I'm surprised there's anyone left after the stories I've heard..."He chuckled in reply but before he could answer, a hand was placed on Theodores's shoulder and Ludo Avery's pink face, large smile and soft eyes met hers. He was a classically handsome boy, with a muscular form that seemed to be created perfectly for quidditch. At first, Eleanor thought him a little shy. But as she came to get to know Ludo, she saw that he was all brawn with a big heart and loyal to a fault. Perhaps that's why Ezra liked him so much, in the midst of the cunning and sly friends that surrounded them, Ludo was warm and genuine. "Move over Lestrange, the birthday boy wants a dance with the woman of the hour..." he announced to them with a slurred grin. Ludo embraced Eleanor in a drunken hug, her slim form engulfed completely in his large frame. Lestrange huffed dramatically and then seemed to recover as he shot them a cheeky grin and released Eleanor from his grasp. In one swift move, he was dragging another girl from the fireside into his arms and they began to dance away."Happy birthday!" she kissed his cheek affectionately and he twirled her happily."Eleanor, you look ravishing as always," he complimented her with a sweet smile."And you look divine yourself," she responded, straightening his paisley green bow tie which contrasted dramatically to the messy white rolled-up sleeves of his dress shirt. Something glimmered in his chocolate-brown eyes and a cheeky smile was plastered on his lips. He pulled her to the side and they leant up against a neighbouring tree."Want something to spice the night up?" he took out a small rounded tin and opened it to reveal a small number of heart-shaped pills."What is it?" "A little pick me up. Only lasts for a couple of hours, but it definitely makes things more fun," he explained with a wink as took one and swallowed it along with a shot of strong-smelling clear liquid. Deep down Eleanor knew she shouldn't, but she was desperate for any distraction and wasn't interested in another night of boredom, self-control and loneliness. The truth was, her memories had become unbearable, consistently scratching at her mind and sending her into a pit of all-consuming misery. She found herself looking for any distraction from them, any chance to numb the persistent pressing on her skull that the past seemed to have made routine.Pushing her better judgement aside, she nodded and grinned up at him excitedly.Placing the pill on her tongue, she washed it down quickly with a drink that Ludo had given her and winced at the burn. There was a sharpness on her tongue that could only be from a hellishly strong gin. A faint warmth crawled up through her body and after a moment, a wave of pure euphoria ran through her bloodstream and rushed into her mind. The effects were quick and her body seemed to lag slightly, trying to catch up with her mind. Swinging her head back, she took a deep breath and welcomed the cold air into her lungs with a large smile."Oh my gosh, this is heaven," she cooed, looking up to the bright stars cloaked in the midnight sky. For a moment they seemed to dance with the moon and her heart seemed light as a feather. She was sure she had never seen the stars so ethereally luminescent and the sky so terrifyingly obsidian."I knew I liked you Grindelwald, you're one of the fun ones," he laughed, winking at her and taking her hand to lead her back onto the dancefloor for a very enthusiastic rumba.After dancing for a while, they returned to the festive group around the fire, embraced in a fit of laughter. As they approached, she noticed Tom, Abraxas and Ezra were standing to the side and talking in their usual hushed tones. Eleanor and Ludo's joyful demeanour contrasted directly to their serious one, but they were too encumbered by their higher state of consciousness to mind interrupting. A blush graced her cheeks as she noted how Tom's dark expression dragged down her form. Pale skin, pink with the warmth of the fire, gleaming with a thin layer of sweat from dancing, hair incredibly untamed and eyes, wild like a raging storm. Desperately trying to bury the sudden gratitude that she opted to wear a fitted black dress, she scoffed at his brash rudeness."My god, you both look practically deranged," Abraxas sneered at them, taking a sip of his whiskey with a raised brow. Tom took in Eleanor's dilated pupils and her unusually large grin, revealing soft dimples on her cheeks that he never had seen before.Tom couldn't help but stare at the creature that possessed her body. She was so unlike herself. So utterly happy. It was horrifically odd."I think we look fabulous actually Brax, unlike your miserable self over here," Ludo defended, "Dateless and desperate whimpering about the fire..."Eleanor giggled and casually swung her arm around Ezra's shoulders and in return, he wrapped his around her waist to stabilise her. Wobbling a bit, she stood on her toes and placed a small seductive kiss on his soft cheek. It was a miracle he wasn't interested in women, because if he was, she would have dragged him to the depths of hell with the tenderness of the touch and the boldness of the gesture."You really are extremely handsome you know..." she beamed up at Ezra's green eyes, now running her fingertip across his jaw...He chuckled and grinned at her, "Oh dear, oh dear... Miss Eleanor Grindelwald, you took one of Ludo's happy pills didn't you?""Does one have to be under the influence to appreciate an attractive man? Ludo...help me out here... Ezra is simply gorgeous isn't he?" she declared, turning to Ludo's grinning complexion. A blush rose to his cheeks."Very much so," he answered in a low tone thick with honesty, now staring directly into Ezra's eyes with what Eleanor could only identify as a heated gaze.Giggling she nodded at him and bit her lip.Eleanor ignored the intense stare that Tom was directing to her. She was tired of him consistently analysing her and she just wanted to be free from his ever-present judgement. Right on cue, another hit of dopamine spread into her veins and her heart skipped a beat. A sigh left her lips like a prayer.Ludo stepped forward and poked Ezra in the chest."Although..she's more fun than you Ez," Ludo smirked at him."Oh, I very much doubt that..." Ezra replied, with a searing teasing in his voice that left sparks in the air."Prove it then, Rosier...Show me just how fun you really are..."She stood back and grinned at the two boys in front of her. Abraxas and Tom were back into their deep conversation and were ignoring their 'childish antics' completely. With a slight jolt, her hands landed on their backs and she pushed them slightly forward towards each other, as if she were a drunken cupid hellbent on striking them with her arrows. "I'll leave you to it then..." she winked at Ezra and turned to face the fire and began to walk away.Her mind spun freely. She eyed Charlotte and Octavia who were lounging hazily in light conversation as they sipped their champagne. Stumbling slightly, she went over to sit with them to take a moment of respite from her state."Eleanor darling! Come we need your opinion," Octavia commanded to her from the log. She took a seat next to Charlotte and they handed her a glass of champagne. Forgetting all of her sensibilities she took a sip and for a moment, she had to remember she wasn't drinking the stars. "Do you think a Winter or Summer wedding for Caspian and I?" she asked. Octavia was sure Caspian was going to propose at any moment and had taken it upon herself to prepare every detail of the wedding as early as possible."Summer if you would like it to be airy and ethereal in the gardens, Winter if you would like it dark and moody in the ballroom," she answered looking up at the stars again wistfully."I definitely think the gardens would be just divine," Charlotte added."Oh yes! And we could have it by the fountain next to the hedges! It would be so romantic, very chic indeed..." Octavia replied with gleeful excitement.As they continued their conversation, Eleanor became distracted as her eyes drifted to the woods which laced the edges of the shore. She noticed Ludo and Ezra sneaking off into the thickened trees behind them and she smiled like a lunatic to herself.As Eleanor panned her gaze into the dark mass of trees, her vision fixed onto something bright shining through. It seemed to move slightly and its white form glistened in the moonlight, as if it sparkled.It was oddly captivating and she found herself drawn to it, like it was calling to her.She excused herself from the girls quietly and trampled past the students, leaving the party for the woods in the distance. It was like she was hypnotised by the vision of sparkling white and she couldn't take her eyes off the sight as she made her way into the darkness and away from the fire.Feeling the effects of Ludo's 'happy pills', she swayed from side to side as everything but the white form blurred and whirled around her. The scene reminded her of a Vincent Van Gogh painting from her father's collection, which hung in their dining room. Nothing was still and everything was moving, but it all seemed to point in the direction of the white thing ahead. The faint sound of the water lapping at the shore sent a wave of relaxation through her. As she neared closer, the mirage seemed to become aware of her presence and stiffened as if it was watching her carefully. Eleanor's heels dug into the pebbled sandy shore of the lakeside as she peered forward. But her blurred vision and its ever-present shine still obstructed her view, so she inched closer towards the thickened black woods. She giggled at herself in a bout of drunken madness. It was surely some sort of illusion, perhaps a drug-induced hallucination. But she didn't care.
  What are you?
As she neared closer she took in the beauty of the beast before her. It was an odd creature that resembled a mare, its slick and shiny skin seemed to elegantly coat its thin frame. However, there was something reptilian to its facial features, almost as if it were a distant descendant of a dragon. Beautiful and terrifying all at once, Eleanor couldn't help but fixate on the creature."Hello there..." she greeted it softly. Waiting to gauge its reaction she couldn't help but inch further when it appeared not to be aggressive.Sober Eleanor would think this was a complete act of profound stupidity, but the drunken curiosity and the happy pill induced wonder that pervaded her mind got the best of her.It let out a small graceful 'huff' before stepping closer to her and instinctively, she raised her arm to stroke its long nose. As it illuminated from the shadows of the woods she noted the presence of large wings on its flanks. The creature seemed to be as taken with her as she was with it. As she stroked the beast's skin she noted it felt like the softest leather."What's your name huh? I shall call you Uriel... it means angel of light," she cooed at the affectionate creature. It cuddled into her touch and stroked her arm with its snout."I'm really starting to believe you stay up at night thinking of ways to get yourself killed Grindelwald...." Tom's low voice broke the peaceful silence behind her.Gasping in shock, she twisted too fast as she turned around and fell back on the risen roots that paved the ground of the woods.This startled Uriel and as she hit the ground with a thud the creature retreated back into the thick of the dark woods in fright. Wincing at a pain that shot through her arm, she let out an immature gruff and looked up at him with a grimace at the loss of her startled friend."You have no idea..." she replied. The irony was not lost on her that he was actually correct. Eleanor did in fact spend her nights plotting and planning the actions that would lead to her untimely death, but he couldn't know that.She let out a small giggle at the paradox of it all. If he truly knew her mind he would think that she was absolutely mental.Tom seemed to be uncertain as he stood uncomfortably straight in his thick black coat overlooking her. His expression seemed to be one of deliberation. Raising an eyebrow at her strange comment, his gaze trailed across her on the ground, taking in every detail of her encumbered state."You know a gentleman would help me up...." Eleanor scowled at him from the ground when she finally realised he wasn't going to offer her any assistance. Following the intensity of his eyes, she looked down and adjusted her skirt to cover more of her thighs and knees  - suddenly becoming aware of their bareness."And a lady would not decide to go off on a solo excursion to hunt down a wild beast... especially in your wretched state," he quipped back with a lacquer of judgement in his tone. Tom's characteristic smirk now appeared on his face at her profound stupidity.
  She hated him.
Eleanor scoffed and dragged herself up off the wet ground, ignoring the distant pain in her arm. Her vision blurred and she momentarily whirled as the blood rushed around her body at the sudden movement."Why would I have to hunt down wild beasts when I live so close to one already?" Suddenly, she felt acutely aware that they were a little too close when she felt his warm breath on her cheeks as he chuckled at her."You don't know what they are...do you?" he asked her, amusement dripping from his lips. With a roll of her eyes, she stood back from him to gain a small amount of distance."Yes I do...they're just a common woodland beast," she retorted confidently, seemingly in need to defend her intellect as it was apparently under fire."You're really not as intelligent as people say you are Grindelwald... such a disappointment," he observed in a silky voice, that almost made it feel like a compliment. If Eleanor was sober, she would have been able to register that he was just riling her up, but alas, she wasn't and he had a unique way of getting to her nerves that no one else could.His gaze suddenly fixated on her bare arm which bore a scratch from her abrupt fall."Is your arm hurt?""No," she replied quickly. Not wanting to give him the satisfaction of her feeling pain at his dispense.Tom raised an eyebrow at her, she was clearly lying. This normally frustrated him but at this moment, it was almost amusing. The sides of his mouth threatened to twitch up as he took in her defiant glare and pink lips.
  Stubborn girl. 
"How many people have you seen die?" he asked her casually, beginning to walk away along the shoreline. Subconsciously she followed him, her vision adjusted to the glistening black lake in front of them and she swore she could see it twirl and whirl as the sky had before."Four," she stated, not really comprehending his question as she was distracted by the illusion in the lake."And how many people have you killed?" his words dripped from his mouth like honey, so much so, that perhaps if someone foreign heard them they would think he was seducing her."One." An alarm sounded distantly in her mind, pulling her away from the illusions in the lake and into the moment. Oh no.Stopping in her tracks immediately, her breath hitched at her realisation of confession. Eleanor never thought she would tell anybody her greatest secret and yet, here she was, telling the one person who should never know. The one person, that she would never trust. He turned to her with a triumphant grin plastered onto his features. He looked at her as if he was a spoilt child looking at a new expensive toy. She didn't like it one bit."How did you know?" her voice was quiet, almost a whisper and her eyes welled with hot tears."Thestrals are only visible to those that have seen death. They are black. But you saw a white one, didn't you? That's how you saw it from all the way over there..." he gestured to the fire in the far distance and she came to realise how far she had walked off."Yes, of course it was white...You saw it yourself, didn't you?" she defended weakly, trying to keep her emotions from brewing over.He paused, observing her expression, seemingly pleased at her not knowing something so obvious. He took great joy in knowing more than her and it seemed to reaffirm his everpresent superiority complex. Pulling a cigarette out and lighting it, he took a long drag, savouring the moment of pleasure with the taste of the tobacco. The moments that he took to answer felt like hours as he watched her torment grow."They only appear white to those that have killed," he finally said. A cloud of smoke engulfed them and suddenly in response to his words, a tear fell down her cheek.Not knowing what to do, an acute panic started to rise in her chest. She took a deep breath, trying to process it all. Eleanor had just admitted to committing the worst crime imaginable. The haunting thought of Azkaban invaded her mind. She took a step away from him and faced the lake, letting the brisk air whip at her face as she closed her eyes, willing the panic to subside. Desperately trying to conjure ways to fix what she had just done, her head began to ache. Tom gazed at the broken girl before him, barely breathing as her back was turned. He felt the panic radiate off her, the heightened level of anxiety that she was projecting was annoyingly apparent.  He never cared for her before, and despite her obvious attractiveness and good name – he even regarded her as a complete pathetic imbecile at times. But ever since the Arithmancy lesson something had changed, there was a pull to her that was unfamiliar to him. Tom was unsure at first, but the crown and dagger seemed to cement it.He was addicted to dark magic and he could feel it pulsing through her blood. Calling to him. Like a siren sound in the middle of the ocean. She had first been merely intriguing, but now he had fully realised she was going to be extremely useful to him. Tom wondered what intricacies of her mind swam beneath the surface, craving to know everything there was about the mystery of the girl. Every memory, every mistake and every triumph. He wanted it all and he wouldn't stop until he had it. Silently, he walked over to the pebbled spot next to her, briefly admiring in the moonlit water before them. Taking the cigarette that hung from his lips, he offered it to her. Eleanor's eyes flashed open at the movement and without fully registering the gesture, she sighed deeply and placed it between her red lips as another tear fell to her cheek. She inhaled it in like it was oxygen, detecting the taste of whiskey still on the tip.
  And that was the beginning of the end.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  "Such a cruel thing, memory.

  We can't remember what it is that we've forgotten. That we have been made to forget.

  That we've had to forget, in order to pretend to live here in any normal way"

  -Margaret Atwood 
  
    The Testaments
  
  
  
  
  

  ***
Eleanor's eyes crept open as she took in the state of her dorm room with a pounding sensation in her head. She groaned at the cocktail of pain and nausea that flooded through her nerves and sunk into her organs as she slowly sat up, cursing the sun for shining through the windows. Immediately, she noticed a plethora of subtle aches, first in her knees and then her torso and arms, which became worse as she straightened. However, she was soon distracted by something infinitely worse looming over her, an onset of memories and questions - all covered in a thick lacquer of haziness. 
  Fuck
A million questions arose in her mind. How did she get back from the lake? Who changed her into her pyjamas? What happened last night? And finally, the most dangerous question of them all...
  Did she actually confess to Tom she had committed murder?
She prayed it was all a drug-induced hallucination. Eleanor hoped that after taking the pill from Ludo she just wandered off, experienced some sort of high apparition and then passed out next to a tree or something. Surely, she wouldn't be so stupid. Squeezing her eyes shut she siphoned through her memories to find the answers to her questions. They appeared in shards of moments as if they were cut up and edited in a strange order. The last thing in her recollection was a blurring vision of her looking at the lake and taking a long drag of a cigarette laced in the taste of intoxicating whiskey. Tom's cigarette...
  Fuck
Their conversation started to wash through her mind, the way he innocently just pulled information out of her was completely baffling. Even when she wasn't entirely inebriated, he managed to do it so well. But this time was different. She wasn't just spilling dark magic secrets, she was spilling her own. Eleanor knew the grave consequences that this could lead to, Tom could single-handedly ship her off to Azkaban if he said the words. Maybe he had already sent an owl...Maybe, the Ministry was already on its way. Worry began to cloud her thoughts, a sense of panic met with the pounding in her head and caused her head to rush with another wave of nausea. He definitely hated her enough to do it, she had, after all, been nothing but a complete bother to him since they met. It was no secret that he despised her, loathed her even and this would be the perfect revenge.Before she had any more time to manically think about it, a revulsion in her stomach sent her to her feet and running towards the ladies' lavatory.
  ***
After spending an unprecedented time in the bathrooms hauling up every ounce of her stomach contents, she finally picked her weakened body up from the cold stone floor. Entering the shower with a shuffle, she scolded her body with the maximum heat of the water. A sharp pain hissed at her knees in response to the flood. In her disgust, she discovered two large, fresh scabs forming on each of her kneecaps and a gash on the top of her left thigh.
  What happened last night?
Surely if Tom had reported her to the authorities she would be halfway to prison by now. So she safely assumed that he intended to hold it over her for his own gain, which honestly seemed extremely characteristic of him.
  Great.
Eleanor cleaned herself up the best she could and doused herself in lavender soap, somehow finding herself in desperate need of scrubbing the scent of tobacco, cologne and whiskey from her skin. Pulling on a simple dress, she went to the only person she knew could possibly help her in this situation. Arriving at the polished ebony door in the boy's dormitory, she took a deep breath before knocking. At first, she thought there was no one in, but a small rustling came from behind the door and then it creaked open. Theodore Lestrange's drowsy face peeped out of the door and after a small pause registering her presence, gave her a slight sly grin."Well, well...if it isn't my favourite little minx. Looking for some morning delight?" his voice was croaky and hoarse but remarkably, his hangover didn't seem to have affected his spirits. After all, one of his many talents seemed to be out drinking everyone and then living to tell the tale every weekend. She scoffed at his crass words but chose to ignore how they annoyed her, filing the response down to her less than chirpy mood."I need to take something, my head is killing me," she responded with a groan. He opened the door, inviting her to come in.A small bout of shock overtook her features as Eleanor stepped into his room and took in the space. It was just as big as her dormitory except, instead of four beds there were two. Apparently, the Slytherin boys dormitory could be configured this way for those who could pay for it.It was an old Slytherin tradition that was only afforded to the men of the house. Naturally, Eleanor detested the blatant misogyny in it - but alas, that was not the battle she wanted to fight today.Surveying the room, she could tell which side was Theodore's immediately. On the left, it was extremely cluttered with bottles scattered on his nightstand and an almost naked woman wrapped in the green silk sheets - still fast asleep. On the right was Ezra's, which was every bit the opposite. Neat and tidy, with a bed perfectly made and colour coded books stacked on his bedside table."Ummm I can come back..." she murmured, eyeing the girl in the bed with embarrassment."No, no...she was just off actually." He rushed over to her and shook her shoulder with little sympathy for gentleness. The poor girl was startled and shot up with a mop of messy blonde hair and a yawn."Time to go, darling, this isn't a hotel you know." Theodore helped her up and with a tap of his wand, she was fully clothed and out the door. The swiftness of the gesture suggested he had done it many times before. "You really are an arsehole," Eleanor observed with her arms crossed in judgement. She kicked away various clothing items lying on the floor as she took a seat on the armchair that sat next to his bed."Yes I am... but at least I'm consistent," he replied happily, taking his wand and brewing them some coffee in the corner."Wait...You have a coffee machine in here?" she asked incredulously."Darling, I'm Theodore Lestrange, I can do whatever I please. Slughorn wouldn't dream of coming in here anyway, last time he did, he caught me in a threesome. He can't even look me in the eye anymore," he replied with a flourished hand and a sense of arrogance that was somehow charming. She huffed in annoyance but couldn't help let out a sigh at the welcoming scent of freshly ground coffee beans."So...can you remember anything from last night?" she asked sheepishly, adjusting the hem of her skirt to try and cover her scabby knees.Theodore turned around to her with a sly grin and let out a small chuckle at her expense. "I remember Riddle carrying you back all drunken and frazzled from somewhere in the woods - if that's what you mean...""What?" Her eyes widened in surprise. Carried?"You know... if there's one thing that I've learnt in my short time on Earth, it's that you should never take anything Ludo Avery tries to give you. Whether that be advice, homework or especially drugs. The last time I did, I spoke to an owl for half the night and then proposed to Dumbledore when he caught me pissing in one of the corridors. Bloody embarrassing stuff..." He recalled, handing her a cup of coffee and lounging back onto his bed."No, no...but why was he carrying me?" Her brow furrowed in confusion as she processed his words. He sighed in response to her question almost as if he was displeased at the answer, "Well I've heard he's good - but I didn't know he was so good the ladies couldn't walk afterwards. I mean Merlin-"A wave of shock followed by violent panic overtook her and before he could finish, she cut him off."No. That's completely ridiculous. We didn't..." she began blurting out in a hurried mess, but her words faded as Theodore just looked at her with a cheeky grin as he sipped his coffee."There's no shame in seeking a bit of pleasure Grindewald, even if it is with Riddle."She just stared at him in complete and utter disbelief - almost spilling her coffee on her lap. It couldn't be true. She would never be so stupid. Right?Just as she was getting lost in her thoughts, a figure emerged from the creaking ebony door. Ezra sheepishly shuffled through, in nothing but a pair of green boxers. His usually perfectly set, brunette hair was arranged in something that resembled a rat's nest and his green eyes appeared red, as if he hadn't slept in days.And then she realised that of course, Ezra's bed was perfectly made because he hadn't come home last night..."Oh my god," Theodore and Eleanor greeted him in unison.An embarrassed flush met Ezra's pale cheeks and looked at the floor while running a hand through his hair. "I should've known to expect this...""Ezra Louis Rosier. Fucked and fabulous I see..." Theodore's amused tone filled the room, only to deepen Ezra's blush. "About time you got some action though...I must say I'm proud."Eleanor beamed up at him and let out a small giggle at the bashful moment she had caught him in. "So I'm assuming Ludo returned your feelings then..." He sighed, turning his back to them and walking towards his bed. "You assume correctly Nor" he admitted quietly, using the nickname he had coined for her last week. At first, she hated it, but the more he said it, she couldn't deny how sweet it sounded coming from him.They all burst into rambunctious laughter and for that small moment, Eleanor was distracted from her extremely alarming situation."So I wonder who is better in the sack...Riddle or Avery...Riddle's definitely more kinky...but I think Avery would be tender..." Theodore mused with a cheeky grin, deriving great pleasure from riling both of them up.Ezra's face paled and he looked at her in shock."What?" he asked her, slowly trying to make sense of it.Eleanor turned a cold glare to Theodore, trying to act as collected as possible. "I told you, nothing happened. Trust me I would remember if...""If Tom Riddle fucked every inch of your soul out of you in the woods?" Theodore cut her off with a teasing tone.She scoffed at his brashly descriptive words and tried to hide her own blush forming on her cheeks, momentarily unable to speak. An unwelcome image that illustrated his words passed through her mind and she buried it with force, far into a quiet corner of her brain."It didn't happen, Lestrange. Drop it." Her patience was wearing thin and her voice had an edge to it that evoked a wave of frustration at his nagging."But how do you know? You were on another planet...I've never seen someone so affected by those pills...You were practically zooted," Ezra began, but Eleanor's anger got the best of her in a desperate attempt to end the conversation as soon as possible."Because he hates me! Tom Riddle would sooner murder me than ever want to take my clothes off.""Oh darling, you are so smart and so stupid at the same time, it's quite a marvel really..." Theodore replied with an affectionate yet patronising smile. Rolling her eyes she took the round velvet cushion from behind her and threw it at his face with all the force she could muster. With the abrupt movement, a whirling sensation in her head reminded her of why she was there in the first place."Do you have anything for a hangover or not?" Theodore let out a dramatic sigh and flung himself off his messy bed, making way to a small mahogany cabinet on the far side of the room. It was obviously meant for books, but it seems he had turned into an apothecary - for what Eleanor could only assume were illegal potions. It wouldn't surprise her if he ran an underground operation selling them to students at this point.He flicked through the glass vials before pulling a small one out that was bright green in colour. "Here, I normally charge, but since you're so easy on the eyes..." he handed it to her stroking her face in a sarcastically loving way. She slapped him away instantly and headed for the door. Before leaving she turned to Ezra who was inches away from falling asleep on his bed."Tell me everything tomorrow" she whispered to him with a grin and he returned it with a sleepy smile and a nod.
  ***
Eleanor had taken restituo potion many times before, but this time was different. Its fragrant sweet apple flavour burned her throat as she swallowed it and started a fire in her stomach a few moments later. It met her nausea with a feeling of combustion and after momentarily making the feeling much worse, her hangover completely dissipated.She knew what she had to do, despite it being completely embarrassing, she had to know. The possibilities of what had happened began running through her head and were edging her towards madness.So much to her disgust, Eleanor set off to find Tom Riddle for answers.Knocking on the Head Boy's quarters doors, she felt a creeping anxiety rush through her and batter at her heart at the thought of having to look at him in the eye. Would he even give her the time of day? After all, he knows she is a murderer and she doubted his perfect Head Boy hands ever would be as bloody as hers. After not receiving an answer for what seemed like fifteen minutes of knocking, she left to check the common room.  However, when she arrived he wasn't in his normal chair, a large dark green leather chair that appeared throne-like next to the fireplace. Eleanor found it humorous that despite it not actually being his chair, no one ever dared sit there - except for him. It was like a silent law amongst the Slytherins. Naturally, she made a mental note to sit there the next time she had the chance. The castle was considerably quiet given it was a Sunday afternoon, perhaps due to the nice weather, most of the students were outside or at Hogsmeade. She checked the aisles of the library and made sure to run her eyes through the restricted section - thinking that it seemed to be his scene. But he wasn't there. Skimming her eyes around the Great Hall, there wasn't a seventh-year Slytherin in sight - probably due to their whereabouts last night rendering them bedridden for the whole day.Nothing.Before giving up, she even checked the astronomy tower, which she noticed he often snuck off to. When climbing the final step and meeting the beautiful view from the great height, she took in the peaceful nature of seeing everything from above. From this vantage point, the people below looked like small ants and the grounds of the castle merely a few stones. The afternoon sky was painted in an array of pinks and oranges which made the clouds appear as if they were dipped in paint.It was no wonder he liked it up there, it was probably the closest to being a god anyone could ever feel.Walking back to the common room in defeat, she let out a small sigh in her failure of an afternoon. Where could he be? Dippet's office perhaps? Helping Slughorn with grading assessments? She had been around him enough to recognise he was a creature of habit. Tom had a routine he followed every day and was militantly dedicated to it. She had only ever seen him in a few places and she had checked them all except...one.Turning on her heel quickly at the realisation, she made her way to the staircase. After a few attempts at mastering the moving steps, she made it to the third floor. Her mind cast back to the last time she had been there with him, the night after her first Slug Club. Eleanor wasn't even sure if she would find Tom's secret room, let alone him. In curiosity, she had walked past the abandoned hallway many times before, and it was gone. Despite this, she had hoped that perhaps, her lack of direction was the reason for this and set off with the intention to find him.Somewhat remarkably, the door appeared in front of her as she walked towards the blank wall that she had identified as the location of the room. It must have been some sort of old magic built into the castle.Her feet suddenly felt as if they weighed like blocks of lead and the thought of running away crossed through her mind.But she didn't spend the entirety of her Sunday just to look for someone to decide she was too scared now. Slowly, she approached the door and the same eery energetic feeling met her senses. Eleanor could tell he was in there. Without giving herself the chance to hesitate, she knocked and opened the heavy wooden door.Tom sat in one of the large caramel leather armchairs next to the fire, with a book in his hands and he stiffened slightly as he saw her. To say he was surprised to see Eleanor at the door of the Room of Requirement was an understatement. His deep, piercing eyes widened slightly and he cocked his brow as if demanding her why she was bothering him with her presence.Eleanor didn't know what to say. So instead, she simply shut the door and took a seat opposite him on the sofa, where she sat on weeks ago. He watched her carefully as she did, as if she was a wild animal that had escaped in an opera theatre."And to what do I owe this pleasure...?" he asked sarcastically with annoyance in his sharp tone that made her release a held in breath."Why haven't you turned me in?" Eleanor eyed him intently and furrowed her brow. She knew it was better for both of them to just skip to the chase. After all, it was clear that the niceties of polite conversation were not for Tom and Eleanor.He relaxed into his chair while somehow taking hold of all the power in the room as he did and a small condescending smirk appeared on his lips."For what?" Tom's voice dripped with honey and she could see how his charming demeanour had served his manipulative skills well over the years. "Listen, I'm not in the mood for the psychological manipulation today. Tell me why Tom," she demanded to him impatiently. At that moment she realised, Eleanor had never actually called him by his first name. It felt strange as it came off her tongue like it was oddly intimate. Everyone called him by his surname except for the occasional endearing quip from his close friends or Professor Slughorn. She hoped he didn't notice the falter in her bravado.His amusement grew as he noticed her discomfort."Please, I hardly care or have the time to wage a ministerial inquest upon a ridiculous drunken claim made by a complete lunatic." 
  Bastard
When she didn't answer him he went back to his book and ignored her presence. A wave of discomfort flooded through her and subconsciously, she looked down at her lap. Her eyes focused on her scabby knees which were exposed slightly under her dress. Pulling the hem down to cover them, she sighed in frustration."I really thought you would've cleaned yourself up by now, Grindelwald." Tom eyed the reddened wounds and clearly had disregarded their earlier conversation. He sighed and with a lazy flourish of his hand in an effortless display of wandless magic, the scabs began to disappear and melt into her skin.This only pushed Eleanor further into her anger. "I was going to do that, but I've been rather busy." Mentally scolding herself for not taking care of the scabs herself, embarrassment overcame her. For some odd reason, she hated appearing incompetent in front of him."Mmm," he hummed in a condescending tone with that same signature smirk that infuriated her."I can't remember how I got them..." she admitted, not daring to make eye contact and focused on rubbing the faint red marks on her kneecaps instead."Well I can't say I'm surprised," he scoffed in an annoyingly matter of fact tone."Theodore said...he said...you carried me back to the bonfire...""You don't remember anything then?" Tom replied, clearly amused about something unknown to her.With a roll of her eyes, she buried her head in her palms in frustration. "The very last thing I remember is smoking a cigarette by the lake, after that...nothing." "And you've come to...?"But of course, he knew."To ask what happened after that...you see...Theodore said we were gone for a while and I have these weird...wounds and..." It came out like a slew of word vomit and her words became quicker and more high pitched as she went on. "And then...Theodore and Ezra started teasing me and telling me that I let something happen...But I told them that of course, that would never..."Before she could finish her dreadful string of panicked consciousness he became frustrated with her indirectness and cut her off."Are you asking me if I fucked you Grindelwald?" a menacing brow was raised on his face and a glaring intensity was present in his eyes.The brashness of his words took her off guard and once again she looked away towards the roaring fire in embarrassment. Biting down on her lip, she didn't know how to respond without making a complete fool of herself. "No" she lied.
  Liar.
He didn't respond for a moment and simply regarded her. Messy hair, pink cheeks and a frown that made her look like a child that had just been denied her favourite toy. His smirk deepened."If you must know, you actually attempted - all be it completely pathetically- to kill me," Tom explained, taking great joy in the utter bewilderment growing on her features.She whipped her head around and stared at him in shock. "What?!""It was actually very entertaining, may I suggest after school ends you enter a physical comedy troop?" She huffed in annoyance at his deprecating humour. "And, why would I try and kill you?" Eleanor was sure at this point he was lying and this was some sort of elaborate joke."Honestly Grindelwald, the fact that you thought you stood a chance should really be the point of confusion," Tom scoffed, revisiting his interest in the book in front of him."I could kill you though," she defended seriously. Tom was an extremely skilled duelist, she had watched him in DADA completely annihilate his opponents with very little effort. Nevertheless, she knew she had a more 'comprehensive' understanding of dark magic than he ever could. She was sure that what she lacked in physical combat she could make up for in the destructive nature of her spells. Eleanor thought it might have been extremely fortunate that she was so inhibited. After all, she knew dark magic beyond most witches' or wizards' comprehension and that was not something she wanted to show off. However, she knew that if it ever came to it and they were to face each other, it would definitely be bloody."Yes, so you kept saying last night... Until you fell face-first into the rock bed that is..." He still wasn't looking up from the pages of his book. "Hence the...battle wounds" a small teasing smirk reappeared on his lips as he gestured to her knees."Why were you carrying me then?""Because you were moaning on and refusing to walk on account of being too tired...I'd say it was more the shame of the failed assassination though. You're far too prideful for someone of such limited ability, you know." Clearly Tom was loving every minute of the moment as he gleefully recounted her ineptitude to do the one thing he actually respected about her. Conjure dark magic. "Why didn't you just leave me there then?""As I've said before, sometimes being Head Boy involves charity work."She closed her eyes in embarrassing realisation, mentally noting to one, never listen to Theodore Lestrange again, two, absolutely never take any of Ludo Avery's pills and three, avoid being alone with the boy in front of her at all costs."So we didn't..." she whispered, not daring to finish the conversation."Trust me Grindelwald, if we had you would know." He reached for a cigarette, snapping his fingers as the flame ignited the end."Why?" "Because by the time I was done with you, you would hardly be able to walk and there would be much more than those scabs on your body," he said in a casual tone as if he was reporting on the weather and blowing out a large cloud of smoke. A string of unwelcome images entered her frazzled mind and the room somehow became overbearingly small. Her face immediately went hot and her breath hitched at the surprising turn of their conversation. He seemed oddly satisfied with her reaction that rendered her speechless. With one final motion, he waved his hand and the front door flew open, gesturing her to leave abruptly.She sighed, getting up and rushing to the door before she could embarrass herself any further. "And one more thing..." he drawled from behind her. Turning around from the edge of the room she waited for him to finish. His eyes glistened in the hue of the fire and his smirk became more pronounced as he fully appreciated the extent of her blush. "Why on Earth would you think that I would ever sleep with you anyway?" his tone was cruel and she felt a wave of fury rise within her."You're a fucking twat Riddle," she sneered at him and stalked out of the room slamming the door and causing an earth-shattering sound to grace his ears.
  She hated him. 

  She should've killed him. 

  
    Chapter Text
     
  "A sky full of stars,

  and he was staring at her"

  -Atticus
  
  
  

  ***
Turning to check if anyone else was left in the library, Eleanor pulled out the large notebook she had hidden under the stack of books onto the library desk. With its familiar deafening chime, the grandfather clock next to the roaring fireplace struck 10:00 pm and she sighed at the peaceful noise that followed. The fire crackled and the rain fell on the large glass window above her head, battering into a sweet symphony of white noise. She wanted nothing more than to be swallowed whole by her books and never emerge again.Eleanor was meant to be reading about the history of the Troll Wars of 1592 for Advanced Historical Magic Studies. It was an extracurricular class she foolishly accepted to get on Dippet's good side.  However, she couldn't help but bribe herself with a few chapters of her own research.Her time at Hogwarts felt paradoxical. On one hand, it was the perfect opportunity to be a careless young adult; free to make mistakes, learn and truly not be burdened with the pressures that lay waiting in the outside world. However, her past loomed over her and rendered her broken and jaded. A pang of jealousy hit her as she was left envious of the others that weren't so tainted by the cruelty of misfortune. And so, there was the cruel paradox.In the one place she was allowed to be free, she was shackled by the death and darkness in her past and the subsequent violent delights in her future. Opening the green leather book, she flipped past the pages of accumulated notes, paragraphs from books and snippings from The Daily Prophet. Anything Eleanor found of use was written down; names, places, events and group affiliations. Impressively over the few months of her time at Hogwarts, she had gathered quite the portfolio and her research had mounted to three significant findings.One. Belgaire Argyle. The man that orchestrated the attack on her home and killed her father and sister. She glanced at the lanky man with wide eyes before her, on the cutting that was carefully pasted in her book. Finding him was difficult at first, as he always seemed to be away on confidential Ministry business. But soon enough, a month ago he was on the third page for capturing another of the 'terrorists' in her grandfather's army. His signature sly smile beamed up at her and sent a shiver down her spine and his weedy blonde hair was gelled and arranged neatly - unlike when she saw him ragged from the conflict. Her memory of him smiling, standing in the corner of the room silently watching, as her life was destroyed fuelled her hatred.Two. Amar Patil. The man that killed her mother, but not before he tortured her until she was on the brink of head-splitting madness. He was an Auror that was mentioned often in the paper and he even wrote a book she found in the library called 'Peace and War; Defensive spells for the good in trouble'. Eleanor had read the book over and over knowing that one day she would come face to face with him and knowing his defence strategies would be of great use. She would butcher him slowly like he did her mother, without mercy or grace. A deep grimace appeared on her dainty features as she remembered how he chuckled to himself, while she screamed and clawed at the ground in peril. Apparently, the code of magical ethical judicial conduct was easily ignored if you were the one to enforce it.Three. The Ministery of Magic's annual AFP Ball. The Aurors For Peace ball was set to be held on the 15th of July, two weeks after the final school term ended. It was here that the Aurors of Britain would be awarded for their sacrifices and courage in the fight against Grindelwald's army. Shrouded in the praise and doting affections of the Ministry for killing her parents and raping her sister before brutally murdering her. But of course, nobody knew about that. They only know the official story, that Clara Grindelwald attempted to maim a member of the Ministry and in the process was accidentally cursed in the crossfire. Her teeth grit at the lie. They didn't know Clara was in a fit of anxious tears and could barely hurt a butterfly -  let alone a fully grown Auror. They didn't know she was used as a bargaining chip for Eleanors cooperation with information. Or maybe they did. Maybe they just didn't care. Either way, they were going to die and Eleanor was prepared to go down with them to succeed and what better stage for revenge than the ball meant to idolise their achievements in the field.She smiled at the scrawl on her notebook, detailing the foundation for her plan. The location was set and now she needed to flesh out the details. It became glaringly clear to her that she required a few things to succeed or at least, attempt to succeed.Firstly, she needed either an invitation or, a disguise. After all, it would be stupid to assume she could simply barge into an event run by the Ministry without cause to be there. An invitation would be difficult since they were all gathering to celebrate the hunting down of her Grandfather's followers.  Obviously, another Grindelwald would be at the top of their must-have list. So, that leaves either accompanying someone invited as their companion or, Polyjuice potion. Not having taken the potion before - but knowing the nauseating side effects - she preferred the option of being a plus one. Her mind wandered to simple, sweet Bertie McLaggan. He would surely be invited - with his father being the minister and all, but how could she ensure the invite? Secondly, she had to find a way to remove her victims from the crowd and take them into an isolated place. Eleanor knew she was no match for the 30+ Aurors that were registered to be in attendance. So, she needed a way to reduce their ability to intervene - and take them to a location that was in her favour. They would be comfortable fighting in the Ministry, they would know the floorplan as well as the secret exits and entries. She needed to put them in an unfamiliar environment and it needed to be somewhere that nobody could find them.Thirdly, (and perhaps the most challenging) she needed allies. Unfortunately for her, she knew that a four to one duel would be a lot easier with people watching her back. Her power was immense but having never fully harnessed it, she had no idea if it was enough to stand a chance. The issue, of course, was that she had no idea where on Earth to find a group of people so hellbent on destroying the Ministerial Aurors. Surely, there would be no one psychotic enough to try, especially at Hogwarts of all places. Well except her that is.She was well aware that nothing could go wrong. The consequences would be spending the rest of her miserable life rotting in a cell in Azkaban, eating rats and slowly going mad. There were stories about the women that ended up in the ocean-surrounded prison and even the cruciatus was tame compared to horror stories she had heard. The serious nature of her research and new discoveries had successfully distracted herself from the embarrassing encounter with Tom last weekend. The trivial nature of drunken Hogwarts relations with rude entitled men paled against her post-graduation plans. She was relieved at the thought that nothing she ever did here would ever matter - because soon enough, she would be dead and resting with her family.Rest, at last.
  ***
"Fucking hell O!" Eleanor scolded Octavia in a pained groan. Eleanor was bent over her bedframe clutching onto the bedpost for dear life as Octavia pulled agonisingly at the strings of the cream corset cinching her waist. Her lungs felt as if they were at any moment going to be punctured by her ribcage by the sheer force of her cousin's will."Oh hush, pain is such a small price for beauty. Have a sip of that gin, it'll help with the discomfort." Not an ounce of sympathy was given by Octavia, as she gave her waist another yank. Eleanor simply rolled her eyes in response but still took a large sip of the crystal glass on the bedside. She needed all the courage she could gather tonight.Eleanor had made the profound mistake of letting Octavia make her up for the Slug Club Soiree. It was the last one of the year and apparently, it was quite the advantageous spectacle. She thought that she would make an effort to appeal to Bertie McLaggan's more carnal tendencies by asking Octavia to dress her in a suggestive way. There was no limit she wouldn't breach, no boundary that couldn't be crossed. She needed to become close to him in order to secure an invite to the Aurors For Peace Ball and she was prepared to do anything to make that happen.Octavia had done well. Somehow managing to find a gown made of cream silk that folded elegantly at the bust while still creating shape in her figure. Despite the fact that she could barely breathe, she appeared something akin to an ethereal goddess. The bodice hugged her upper form in ways that she didn't know it could, before plunging down to the floor in a pool of folded silk.Charlotte arranged her hair in waves that framed her face like a portrait and Mabel fixed a glow to her skin with some old Irish magic she had never seen. As she glanced in the little mirror atop their duchess, she noted her frighteningly gaunt disposition had been covered by a mask of perfection. "I'm so glad I don't have to go to these things," Mabel snorted as she watched Charlotte strap on the most uncomfortable looking shoes that she had ever seen."They're really not that bad..and the end of year one is normally quite fun. There's a bar and even a small jazz band," Charlotte replied, attempting to make it sound a little exciting. But in truth, she was sad at the prospect of spending another night having to ignore Abraxas in public. Her smile faulted slightly, growing tired of the secrecy.Eleanor noticed this and knew exactly what she was thinking. It must be terrible to love someone you could never be with. Thankfully, Eleanor was committed to never putting herself in that awful position. She never really thought about love in the romantic sense. She knew it existed, of course, growing up watching how her father doted on her mother was proof enough. Despite the deep-set yearning for it that every girl had, something in her could never let herself feel that she deserved it. Always an outsider and never fitting in was exhausting at times.There was a brief knock at the door before Theodore Lestrange burst in, wearing a dishevelled suit and an undone bow tie with a lazy smile.As he entered a waft of whiskey came with him and his wild deep brown eyes landed on Eleanor. "Merlin, that McLaggan oaf is a bloody lucky man," he gawped at Eleanor, dragging his eyes over her figure in surprise. "Shut up Lestrange." The embarrassment set in as she noted the feeling of his gaze running over her like warm water. "How on Earth did you get in here?" Mabel asked from the edge of Octavia's bed. It was common knowledge that the girls dormitories were charmed to only let women through the door."Mabel darling, how many times must I tell you. The rules don't apply to people like me..." he returned with a slippery sly grin."You mean egotistical privileged arseholes?""Yes, exactly," he replied, simply striding over to Eleanor and wrapping his arms around her silky waist and planting a chaste kiss on her cheek."It should be illegal for you to look this divine. Why don't we...." he whispered into her ear.Immediately with a firm jolt she pushed him off and sent him a scoff. "No chance. I have a date remember?" she reminded him with a firm tone.He sighed dramatically as he fell onto her bed. Turning up his nose at the mention of her date and groaned. "Please tell me this is all some elaborate joke. He's a bloody Gryffindor, Eleanor. And worse, he's Ministerial new money and a daddy's boy with a chip on his shoulder. It's positively embarrassing."She scoffed turning to him in exasperation."Theodore, I really don't think you're in the position to be judging anyone on their choices of company, last time I heard - you had shagged at least half the Gryffindor's in our year. If you wanted me to be your date you should've just asked...""I can't do that, come on Grindelwald." He rolled his eyes at her as if she all of the sudden didn't have a brain."Why not?""Because..." he paused for a moment in thought - as if mentally reneging on what he was about to say. "Because...I know what's good for me," he finished cryptically as he opened his golden flask and took another swig of the strong-smelling liquid.Before Eleanor could question it she was distracted by the sight of Charlotte walking through the door in a strapless baby pink gown. Her hair was in a sophisticated updo and her dark skin glowed as if she was from another world.This was one of the many times Eleanor wondered how she was real."Ah my stunning date!" He announced loudly at her, bounding towards her before getting on one knee to dramatically kiss her hand."What?" Eleanor and Octavia shrieked in unison. Mabel just shook her head in disbelief eyeing them all like they were a pack of lunatics. "Being straight must be exhausting," she sighed apologetically, turning to her book in dismissal.Charlotte looked immediately overwhelmed by the onset of attention and opened her mouth to say something but before she could, Theodore cut her off."Dear Charlotte here needed a date and of course being the upstanding  gentleman I am, I was more than happy to oblige,""Magnus came down with a stomach bug...it was an emergency" "Talk about desperation" Octavia commented, giving Theodores dishevelled appearance a disapproving once over."No, no... you can't go looking like that. Come here, I'll fix you up," Octavia herded him over and started manically waving her wand at his body. Theodore's undershirt automatically decreased and tucked deep into his pants. The black bowtie hanging from his neck tied into a neat bow.Eleanor took one final glance at herself in the mirror and breathed in deeply preparing herself for her display. She knew she was meant to feel bad about leading Bertie on, but the truth was, she didn't. He was simply a means to an end and she was sure that underneath it all, he thought the same. Their definitions of 'end' might be different but it's all the same. Men constantly use women for many things without even acknowledging it. Sex, validation, power - just to name a few . Eleanor thought it wasn't too different to use men back for revenge.And so she did.
  ***
To say Bertie McLaggan looked practically shell shocked when she met him at the dungeons was an understatement. His expression was a mix of surprise, longing and a flout of anxiousness as he took the silky cream clad girl in."Merlin Eleanor, you look..." he seemed lost for words as he searched her form for any adequate description.She giggled at his reaction and straightened his bright red bow tie - something she wholeheartedly detested - before beaming up at him. Her father used to hate it when men ignored dress codes, in fact, it was considered a great offence in Italian magical society. As far as he was concerned, black tie meant black tie and there was a beauty in its simplicity. Alas, tonight was not about that - so she tried to ignore it."Not half bad?" she suggested with a teasing grin watching the blush creep into his cheeks."Something like that..." he mumbled slowly and with that, he leaned in and placed a kiss on her soft cheek. Eleanor would be lying if she didn't admit that this made her heart race a little. There was something alluring about plain gentlemanly gestures, a chaste kiss could send reverberations into a woman if done well. Even if it was given by a simple man.She wrapped her arm underneath his and sighed, preparing herself for the night. "Promise me we won't get caught in one of Slughorns hour-long stories, it was dreadful last time..." she whispered with a silky voice in his ear.Her words were like devilish kisses yet her touch was angelic, she knew exactly what she was doing.With a deep baritone, he just laughed in response and shook his head in disbelief, letting a strand of his light brown curly hair fall into his soft face. Bertie really was attractive, he had a boyish charm that seemed to radiate from him, like sun rays that graced your skin with needed warmth. He was different to the boys she was used to associating with, he had a relaxed, joyous disposition that veered from pomp and circumstance which was refreshing. It was becoming hard to believe that he was anything like his father, the man that ordered the murder of her parents. The man that every one of her friends from Slytherin seemed to despise.The Minister was a polarising figure. Respected by some for his hard-line pro-muggle policies, yet hated by the rest for his complete lack of respect for the traditions and practices of the old wizarding society. It seemed he was a bold and decisive man, not caring for the old families' commitment to upholding centuries of societal norms. Eleanor wondered how a man could be thought of as so progressive if he was willing to kill the children of the 'terrorists' he condemned without a second thought. It was no secret that many of Grindelwald's supporters' families had been tortured and killed.But if all is fair in love and war, then she saw no reason to not seek her revenge.The door to Slughorns quarters opened as soon as they reached its vicinity. His grip tightened on her ever so slightly and they walked into the bustling room. It was festively decorated with elaborate golden curtains draping the walls and chandeliers floating from the ceiling. There was elegant classical music playing in the background and the students gathered in their finery laughing and chatting away.Eyes began to draw onto them as they entered, but it was nothing like the glaring stares she received with Tom. This time, it was different. People smiled at her and looked approvingly at the couple. Perhaps they thought he had saved her from her dark past and evil family. The thought of this made her hide a trace of amusement. Perhaps, they just weren't scared of Bertie like they were Tom.While the vision of her and Tom from all those weeks ago looked like a picturesque Pure Blood match, there was something about how she looked now that was approachable and warm. The faces that normally avoided her - actively smiled at her. She even got a semi-warm greeting from Meredith Collingwood the muggle Gryffindor prefect. It was an odd sensation to walk into a crowded room and feel welcomed. Something, which up until now, was a very rare occurrence for her at Hogwarts.It was at this point that Slughorn noticed their arrival and greeted them with a brandy infused smile. "Ah Mr McLaggan and Miss Grindelwald, what an impeccably smart match you make. Fire and Ice hey?" he chuckled joyfully.They laughed in return, albeit a bit awkwardly at the odd analogy and thanked them for the invitation.It was at this point that she noticed Tom from across the room, perched proudly on a green velvet armchair sipping firewhiskey. He was turned away from her and seemed to be in conversation with Theodore and Abraxas. However, what caught her attention, was who was sitting next to him. A thin blonde girl dressed in a sparkling blue dress sat beside Tom, she seemed to lean into him slightly and an enamoured look was plastered on her dainty features.Eleanor looked away quickly and seemed to urgently become parched. "Shall we get a drink?" she asked Bertie, who was still in conversation with Slughorn about a quidditch match. She could tell he wanted nothing more than to leave the conversation as his eyes kept darting over to her."Yes, of course, excuse me, Professor."Bertie took a glass of champagne from the waiter and handed it to her as he lead her over to a group of burley men she came to know as some of his fellow teammates. They were pleasant men, perhaps a little too boisterous for the tone of the occasion, but in all, tolerable. Their conversation mainly involved recounting reckless drunken nights and then one-upping each other with every story or reliving quidditch glory moments. This was admittedly incredibly boring, but very easy to pretend to find funny.She sat cosily next to Bertie, who was becoming quite tipsy with every scotch he had. At some point, he felt comfortable enough to place his hand on her thigh. And to her surprise, every so often when he came to a particularly poignant part in one of his stories, he would squeeze it slightly. Normally Eleanor would enjoy this type of almost-inappropriate touch, but unfortunately coming from Bertie it didn't do much to her.An odd sensation of being watched came over her and she suddenly felt the eyes of someone across the room. Instinctively, she looked over and met the gaze of the boy with the piercing glare which looked menacing in the golden hue of the room. Tom, as usual, looked every bit the aristocratic gentleman. His tailored suit was immaculately pressed and his black bow tie seemed to sit perfectly under his neck.
  Looks can be deceiving.
From the nature of his stare, she came to the conclusion that he was probably still enraged about how she stormed out the other night and dared to bother him in his secret creepy room. After a small moment, his gaze averted to the girl next to him, who seemingly asked him a question. Turning his attention to her with a smirk she watched him whisper something in her ear, and she giggled with a crimson blush.Eleanor couldn't help but scoff. He really was disgusting. It seemed so paradoxical that someone that attractive could be such an unpleasant, rude, insufferable..."And what about you Eleanor?" Tiberius Nanbury's booming voice distracted her from the slew of insulting thoughts. With wide eyes, she looked over at him, noting that they all had stopped to hear the answer to the question, she painfully was unaware of."Oh, um sorry, what?" she asked, trying to remember what they were droning on about."What are your plans after you graduate? I take it you're not joining the elite quidditch team..." "Oh no, I'm hoping to join the Wizengamot, so perhaps I'll try and intern,"Bertie leaned in closer to her and she could feel the scotch on his breath as he did. "Perhaps I could pull a few strings for you..." he suggested to her with a smile. She tried to ignore the feeling of his fingers tracing up her thigh. It took all her patience to collect herself calmly - instead of running off or slapping him. Such public displays are scandalous if seen by the wrong people.Instead, she looked up at the boy through her lashes and sent him a sweet smile full of feigned gratitude. "Would you really?" Her voice was innocently high pitched. Men loved feeling important in front of their peers and at this moment, Bertie McLaggan felt like a god."Well depends...on how flexible you are!" shouted Cornelius Everett from the other side of the group. Unfortunately, that comment was a step too far even for her and a scowl sat on her pretty face, her lips twitching as if suppressing a slur of profanities. The men erupted with laughter that filled the room. Bertie shook next to her, slapping her knee as he did. She noticed their group earning disapproving glares from the Slytherin boys on the other side of the room.Eleanor couldn't stand it one moment longer. Her patience was wearing thin and pretending to act like their crude comments and awful banter was an ounce entertaining was completely draining her. She excused herself from the group by telling Bertie she was off to the lavatory. Another crude remark about her body met boisterous laughter when she walked away. Desperately, she met the eyes of Charlotte who seemed to sense her discomfort and they met each other by the window."Oh no, what happened?" her eyes searched Eleanors for a shred of vulnerability, but she found none."Nothing, just the incredibly low IQ of men..." "Well, he seems besotted with you... but I could say the same for all the other men in the room too," she replied with a laugh. Her eyes wandered over to Abraxas who was still in his same spot, speaking with Tom."Where's Theodore then?""Last I saw him he had his tongue down Cressida Parkinson's throat...they disappeared after that," she grimaced and they both groaned at the audacity of the man, "I can't blame him I suppose, he never promised to be anything short of his usual self.""Well... how about I create a distraction so you can sneak off with Abraxas?" Charlotte's eyes lit up.Eleanor glanced over to see Ezra Rosier come to sit down with the other boys and she wandered over to them, attempting to maintain an illusion of sobriety. However, after countless glasses of champagne and a sway in her step, this was difficult."Ah, come to find the real men after rolling in the mud with the pigs eh?" Abraxas sneered at her as she approached.Eleanor ignored his words and Tom's intense stare as she came to Ezra's side. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and greeted her with a small kiss on the hair. She noticed Tom's jaw clench. This was a display that absolutely disgusted him, especially as it was coming from a member of his inner circle. They were meant to be above such things and she was sure that he disapproved of anyone fraternising with someone like her. "You know, it really isn't gentlemanly to not ask a lady to dance..." she grinned up at him with a twinkle in her eye."Right you are my dear, I've been quite rude to neglect you," Ezra replied, seemingly relieved to have an excuse to leave the conversation and beginning to make a start for the dancefloor. A small part of her wondered what they were always secretly whispering about."Oh but wait, Charlotte needs a partner too you know..." Eleanor crooned, looking up at Abraxas with a knowing smile.He sighed, trying to hide a smile - something which Eleanor had rarely seen."If I must." It was a well-hidden act of agitation and he almost got away with his nonchalance, before striding too quickly over to Charlotte.Eleanor paused before leaving with Ezra, she gazed innocently over to Tom who looked supremely annoyed at his sudden abandonment. His jaw was tensed and he glared at her with intent."So sorry to interrupt Riddle, it seems all you're little followers are gone...they must have not found the company very stimulating..." she observed in a sickly sweet tone enjoying every moment of his anger.He stood up out of his chair, suddenly towering over her. A small condescending smirk landed on his lips. As he did this, the air around them seemed to morph, thickening with electric tension. "And yet...you're still here...tell me, what does that make you?" his eyes glistened as he taunted her with his silky low voice. She let out a small irritated breath as their faces inched closer. "Your worst nightmare," she bit back, the poison radiating in her veins. The electricity that surrounded them began to heighten as if their encounter could at any moment cause a thunderstorm.He simply let out a small dark chuckle and took her boldness in for a moment, before leaning down into her ear. Her eyes fluttered at the gesture, and she could feel the hair on her neck stand up as his lips grazed the cartilage of her ear. "Well, you're definitely not a dream Grindelwald," he drawled slowly and she couldn't help but feel her pulse race in response to his closeness. In a moment of a champagne induced blur, she was taken aback and couldn't formulate a response. He continued, trying to ignore the onset of lavender and petrichor that attacked his senses that their proximity brought. "Tell me, when do you think McLaggan is going to figure out you're using him?" his voice reverberated so close to her skin that she shivered."Probably when she realises you're using her," she retorted with gathered confidence, turning to look at him intently, attempting to match his bravado.He simply chuckled and shook his head, placing an unlit cigarette between his lips."The difference is Grindelwald...one of us will be pleasured tonight and by the looks of it, it won't be you," his words were like sweet honey, dripping from his mouth as he gestured to Bertie's intoxicated boisterousness from the other side of the room. As she registered his words an uncontrollable blush found her cheeks and her breath hitched unevenly.He seemed overwhelmingly satisfied with this and pulled away, cutting the electric force between them as he did. With an irritated glare, he extended his long arm and grabbed the blonde girl that had been floating next to them. She smiled up at him dotingly. Eleanor couldn't help but grimace at her profound stupidity."If you'll excuse me Grindelwald, I have some business to attend to..." he dismissed her in a low gravelly voice before spinning around and exiting with the pretty girl in toe.A strange prickling sensation washed over Eleanor, but her inebriation clouded her ability to understand it. Instead, she turned to Ezra, who was now just watching her with a cocked eyebrow and a half-smile that made his green eyes glimmer."What?" "I've never seen such an odd, aggressive display of flirtation," he commented almost wistfully as if not fully comprehending what had just happened."Don't be stupid Rosier, we hate each other," she defended with a disbelieving laugh, taking another glass of champagne from the nearing waiter and sipping it.He just stared at her as if she was from another planet and then suddenly as if realising something profoundly amusing - burst into laughter. She hit him lightly on the arm and rolled her eyes."Oh Eleanor Grindelwald I adore you," he proclaimed, shaking his head and leading her onto the dancefloor before flinging her into a slurried waltz.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
  
  "I'd cut my soul into a million different pieces just to form a constellation to light your way home. I'd write love poems to the parts of yourself you can't stand. I'd stand in the shadows of your heart and tell you I'm not afraid of your dark"

  -Andrea Gibson
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
Naturally, Eleanor was one of the first to arrive in the Great Hall on Monday morning, after another completely sleepless night. She spent the rest of the weekend buried in books in the library after the absolute failure of her date with Bertie McLaggan. It was perpetually embarrassing to say the least, after having committed herself to the prospect of winning him over that night and was ready to do whatever it took to be in the position of receiving an invite to the Aurors For Peace Ball. She even wore her ivory lacy undergarments.But alas, it was completely a waste.After dancing with Ezra and successfully angering Tom - she found Bertie completely drunk, hauling up the night's canapes and about a litre of firewhiskey, in the stairwell. Needless to say, the night was not the romantic and strategic success she was hoping for. Although Eleanor didn't have high expectations for the boy, she couldn't have expected his complete lack of propriety after one drink and the level of depravity his friends stooped to. With the frustration still etched into her mind, she almost welcomed the mundanity of her upcoming lessons. She hated failing, it felt oddly cataclysmic like the shame it brought to her might ruin every prospect of her ever succeeding again.Her eyes felt heavy and her usual quick paced stride was reduced to a slow shuffle as she made her way to her usual seat at the back of the Slytherin table. For a while, Eleanor wasn't affected by her lack of sleep. Somehow up until now, the last few weeks were easy for her to function. However, as she felt her body slacken, she noted there was an unexplainable shift in her ability to carry the hours of wide eyes and thoughts clouded with terror and worry. But that all came crashing down this weekend.
  Things were getting worse.
The sleeping draughts didn't work anymore and neither did any of Charlotte's experimental sleeping spells. Sometimes they did, but soon enough - she would wake up howling after a nightmare that was more visceral than the last. Unfortunately, the only thing that actually numbed it was alcohol and she wasn't prepared to be the village drunk anytime soon. Especially because she was already the village terrorist in many of the student's eyes. The abundant staring of the crowd had died down, but the malicious glares from a select few did not.She took a loaded bite of her scrambled eggs, coming to the conclusion that she would need as much energy as she could possibly muster to make it through the day. However, as she was just about to shovel the next fork into her mouth, there was a distinct disturbance at the door of the entrance. She turned her gaze to see Headmaster Dippet rushing into the Great Hall with a few professors in toe. In a dramatic flourish of his navy robe, his eyes scanned the room, surveying the few students present. Eleanor couldn't be sure, but his gaze lingered on her for a moment too long. A frown appeared between her strained eyes sensing his alarm."Attention students, you are to go back to your dormitories immediately! You are not to stop anywhere on your way. Go quickly!" His voice boomed into the hall and managed to somehow fill every crevice of it with a resounding command. After registering the sudden disturbance to the usual peaceful hall, students began to quickly abandon their breakfast and leave the tables with haste. Before following suit, Eleanor pocketed a sausage roll and one final sip of coffee.When she finally made it back to the common room, Eleanor was met with a large crowd of Slytherins gathering loudly in their matching green pyjamas. Professor Slughorn eyed her at the entrance as he stood on top of a marble platform that seemed to appear out of the stone wall."Ah goodness, Miss Grindelwald, I was beginning to think you were gone too," he said in an exasperated tone that genuinely sounded worried. The Professor was clothed in a deep green velvet nightgown and the striped collar that peeked underneath it suggested that he too - was still in his pyjamas. She slowly registered the content of his words.
  'Gone too'?
"Sorry Professor...I'm an early bird," she admitted awkwardly not appreciating the attention that was being brought to her. He began to shush the chaotic crowd, but before he could succeed, Tom peered over from next to him. Of course, he was dressed in his robes and his usual refined demeanour was immaculately intact. Her mind wandered to how foreign it would be to see him in pyjamas. Perhaps she would hate him a little less if he looked a little dishevelled and... human. The thought of Tom in a matching set of stripey pyjamas sent a humoured smile to her face."Quiet. Or everyone gets Saturday detention, a very serious matter has occurred." Tom's authoritative tone cut through everyone's chatter and seemed to set in an air of urgency."Ah yes, thank you, Tom...I am unfortunately here to announce some profoundly upsetting news that has been brought to our attention in the late hours of yesterday evening. Ingrid Holloway, a third-year Griffindor has been attacked in the Forbidden Forest. And unfortunately, at 5 am this morning, she was pronounced dead."Heavy gasps filled the air followed by a slew of nervous chatter."Please be assured students, we do not presume this is suspicious in any way. We have come to the conclusion that a beast from deep within the forest was responsible. As a result, all external activities are henceforth banned until further notice until the ministry can perform a full inquest into the safety of the grounds. This includes quidditch..."A small groan could be heard from the crowd, notably from Theodore who folded his arms with a dramatic huff."...And other recreational uses. In remembrance of Miss Holloway, a funeral will be held tonight where attendance is absolutely mandatory." Slughorn eyed the rowdy fifth-year boys with severity as he finished the sentence."Classes are cancelled for first to sixth-year students. Unfortunately, they cannot be held off for our seventh year as they will be preparing for their final OWL's. Any questions please refer to Tom Riddle or the prefects." Slughorn finished and stepped down from the podium, which seemed to melt back into the stone walls as he did.Eleanor managed to spot Octavia's blonde hair in the crowd and made her way over to the girls.Upon seeing her, Octavia offered a sad smile to her and a small hug. "Did you know her?" Eleanor asked in a quiet hush."No, but Charlotte tutored her in Charms and she's Catherine Holloway's sister - who is the Griffindor prefect..." she whispered. Octavia seemed to know everyone at the school and could probably rattle off five facts about every student in the cohort if she had to."Apparently she was a lovely girl. But...it's no surprise...""What do you mean 'no surprise'?" Octavia let out a sad sigh and leaned in closer so that no one could hear. "Well, I only mean she wasn't known for her intellect...Only a fool would go into the forbidden forest by themselves without their wand. There are real beasts in there Eleanor, ones that aren't under the jurisdiction of Ministry to behave..."Eleanor thought back to the night she wandered to the edge of the forest at the sight of Uriel, the white Thestral. How lucky she was that night that it was such a kind creature and not the one Ingrid Holloway seemingly met."Apparently the poor girl was maimed so badly there was no saving her...I know we shouldn't say this but no pure-blooded student would dare be that stupid. We learn these things from a young age..." "So she was a muggle then?" "Mhm," Octavia simply mumbled in confirmation and nodded.A wash of unpleasant familiarity came over her as she realised that Ingrid was the same age as Clara when she died. Too young to ever be responsible for the crimes they might be punished for and too innocent to meet an end so blood-curdingly grim.
  ***
A solemn atmosphere pervaded the rest of the day and the lack of students in the corridors made the castle feel eerily big and quiet. There were no distant cries that could be heard from the quidditch field and the comforting hum of chatter in the stairwells was replaced with deafening silence.Eleanor rounded the last step of the spiral staircase with an exasperated huff as she entered the divination classroom and sat in her usual seat at the back. Silently, she hoped Tom would be absent for the lesson with some sort of pressing Head Boy duty. Professor Dolohov had insisted they maintained their seating arrangements despite much persistence from both Eleanor and Tom.The last thing she needed was to have another psychologically upheaving row with him.As Tom's tall frame entered through the door, she had to stop herself from audibly groaning and instead, just rolled her eyes at his ever-present, perfect demeanour. She never knew how, but he always looked polished and perfect like he was perpetually going to a job interview. His dark hair was arranged in a mess of curls that sat in front of his face, almost intentionally bringing unneeded attention to his deep blue eyes.Tom sat down, ignoring her as usual and started to unpack his books, neatly arranging his quill to the side. Eleanor couldn't help but glare at him as he did this, but as she did, she noticed an air about him that was off. Dark almost. There was something that unsettled her and Eleanor's intent stare began to survey him, looking for the source."Can I help you Grindelwald?" he asked her in a low tone, not looking up from his work and clearly not appreciating the persistent glare boring into his head."Don't you have anywhere else to be?" "Trust me darling if I did, I wouldn't be sitting here with you," he returned with his usual casual arrogance, finally looking up at her. He took in her sunken eyes, tired face and grimace and raised an eyebrow at her with a sigh, before returning to reading his notes. Normally, he would offer a quippy yet keenly derogatory observation about her awful appearance, but today he said nothing.
  Odd.
She sighed in irritation at his comment but didn't give him the satisfaction of a retort. Instead, her gaze wandered down his robed arm to his left hand, where the onyx ring sat on one of his pale fingers. Suddenly her eyes fixated on the object. It seemed to be... doing something. There was an odd, sentient nature to it like it was beating. Despite there being no actual movement, it was like the air around it was pulsating, emitting energy of some sort."Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, please return your focus to last week's work on Tarot and your assignment. The cards are on your desk, please remember to accurately discuss the array of interpretations and not just one..." Professor Dolohov began, but Eleanor's focus only lasted for a moment before dwindling and landing back onto the ring.Her brows knitted together as she took in the strange reaction. Time became still as she stared, the sight putting her in a dream-like trance. As the onyx radiated the mysterious pulsating energy, she watched as it danced and sparked in the air. As she registered this, it triggered a faint memory, that was hidden deep within her mind.
  "What is it Papa?" she wondered at the figure placed meticulously on an ornate stand. Her father had just come back from a long journey to South America and he purchased the item before them from a highly respected magical tribe in the Amazon.

  "It's a mask Elle, a very expensive one at that," he replied softly.

  She gazed at the carved wooden mask in awe as it seemed to reverberate with a pulsating invisible force. It seemed to be infatuating to look at.

  "What's wrong with it?" she asked curiously, but as she stepped closer her father's arm extended in front of her to stop her from moving.

  "It's been cursed with dark magic. This has been enchanted to give the owner power upon wearing it. You see, whenever a witch or wizard uses this level of magic, there is always a trace of it left behind. If the spell caster is unfamiliar with the workings of such power, they often forget to seal the dark energy within it...it becomes consuming and uncontrollable. That is something one doesn't know unless they are taught by a very powerful mentor," he explained slowly in his deep voice laced with remnants of his Eastern European accent.

  "What would it do?... If one left it  - I mean?" Her curiosity turned to anxiousness as she regarded her father's words gravely.
"Well it almost destroyed the tribe that I acquired it from...so I would say it would do much the same to us. Dark magic earned its name not because of the nature of its capacity but because of its ability to ruin. Horrible things can happen to those who seek power but do not know enough to maintain it..."Oh fuck.Her pulse quickened as the memory of the mask clicked into place. She wanted to speak but somehow she couldn't find the words to articulate the level of shock she was in. As if the ring could detect her sudden awareness it became ever more consuming and Eleanor could swear she heard a faint hissing sound coming out of it."What have you done?" she managed to whisper.Tom was immediately distracted from the work in front of him at the sound of the girl's haunting voice. He frowned impatiently at her, not having a clue what she was possibly referring to now. However, when he followed the direction of her gaze to his hand, he became overcome with a moment of subtle realisation. Her eyes were glazed over, as if she was dreaming and yet they were focused solely on his Gaunt ring.
  How did she know? 

  What did she know?
"What are you on about Grindelwald?" he tested her in a deceptively calm manor. Yet, she didn't look up at him. "Wha...What did you do to that ring?" Eleanor forced out, but it was fractured, like her train of thought.He sighed in impatience as he seemed to be thinking quickly about how to answer her in the most believable way. As always, deception became his default response."Honestly, I'm surprised it's taken you this long to finally crack...Be honest, how long has it been since you've slept? Four weeks? You look like a fucking corpse..." His brow was arched and his posture was rigid, suggesting that his comment was fuelled by his characteristic judgemental vigour.This seemed to muddle her for a moment.
  Was she just losing it?
But at that moment, the hissing that came from the shiny ring became much louder. She frantically looked around to the others to search for any evidence that she wasn't just hearing things. Much to her dismay, they were all seemingly unbothered. Her panicked gaze met Tom's icy glare and her breath hitched."I'm not...I'm not joking around, it's hissing at me. I can see it...move," she confessed almost pleading with her eyes for him to believe her.Tom scoffed at her, offering up a condescending smirk. He was good at hiding his confusion and perhaps slight panic."Let me get this straight...You can see my heirloom ring...move...and it's hissing at you?" he drawled at her in a tone that suggested she was mentally incapacitated.Again, she couldn't respond to him, her brows knitted together in even more confusion and she tilted her head to the side.
  He was right. She's going completely mad.
"You killed Clara..." an unfamiliar snake-like voice hissed into her ear. A wave of terrifying shock overcame her as she registered the voice.
  It was the ring.
"I didn't!" she defended, looking at the ring in sheer horror.Tom's demeanour slipped and his smirk fell as he watched the girl in increasing concern."She died because of you..." the ring chided her again, its slippery voice entering into her ears and slithering around her brain, constricting it."No..." She shook her head.Tom's nonchalance seemed to crack as concern dripped into his usually controlled features. "What's going on Grindelwald? Just explain it to me" he demanded, but she seemed to be completely distracted by the ring. Hypnotised even.She tried to explain but no words could escape her and instead, she just began breathing heavily."Is everything okay here Mr Riddle?" Professor Dolohov's thick Russian accent punctured its way through the tension building around them."Ah, actually professor, I believe Miss Grindelwald is very unwell. Perhaps I should escort her to the hospital wing?" he suggested, trying his best to maintain his air of collected authority. He needed to get her out before she said anything more.Professor Dolohov surveyed Eleanor's frozen, panicked figure with worried eyes and nodded."Yes Mr Riddle, I believe you should..." she replied, gesturing them to leave in a hurried flourish of her hands.He shot up out of his chair and grabbed Eleanor by the wrist purposefully using the hand without the ring to avoid any further issues and pulled her forcefully out of the classroom. When they were out of earshot, he slammed Eleanor's slender frame against the cold stone wall of the Eastern corridor. Refusing to look at him Eleanor turned her face to the side, biting down on the inside of her cheek."I'll ask you again...Explain it to me," he commanded her darkly. But she didn't answer him.He leant in further, now inches from her face and grabbed her jaw to turn her eyes onto his own. She had never been afraid of Tom Riddle before, but this moment was the closest she would ever get. He was so close she could smell the scent of cologne and tobacco dance around her nose. His icy glare seared into hers and her usual confidence dissipated. Recovering slightly after a moment, she found a small piece of herself and gave him a small smirk."You really thought you could perform dark magic like that with no training and it just be...fine?" she asked him in a teasing tone.His grip on her jaw tightened and his eyes became slits. She winced slightly at the pain that rushed through her. If looks could kill, she would be six feet under."You have no idea what you're talking about.""I know there's dark magic in that ring, I'm not stupid.""That's a wonderful observation Grindelwald... Are you looking for a gold star?" She managed enough strength to shove his hands away from her neck and push him away slightly, but his looming figure still trapped her against the stone."I'm looking for a reason as to why you would risk so much - only to perform half a spell. Did you even do any research?" She looked at him with wide eyes as if he were mad."I performed the full spell," he countered confidently, dropping his attempt to deceive her about the magic."Then why is the ring seeping with unsealed dark magic? Why is it telling me I've killed my sister? Hissing...like some serpent... It's so obvious Tom I'm shocked you haven't been caught!" "Unsealed?" he pushed, unsure of her words.She scoffed in his face, "You know, for someone who acts so incredibly smart, you are one of the most foolish men I've ever met," and with that, she began to laugh at him manically. Perhaps the sleep deprivation was getting to her sanity because his failure was all very humorous to her.This seemed to push him over the edge and he grabbed her by the shoulders, forcing her further into the unforgiving hardness of the cold stone wall. Whipping his head to the side, his lips grazed against her ear and she could feel the threat of his warm breath on her neck.She let out a ragged breath."You seem to be mistaken in who you're talking to. You've gotten away with far too much Grindelwald. Don't ever test me again," his tone was low and dark as if daring her to continue."Or what?" He turned his face to look at her incredulously. No one ever had tested him as she did and he didn't quite know why he kept tolerating it. A part of him definitely wanted to murder her for it, but another part of him almost...respected the flaming confidence it took. "Or I'll kill you" he promised and for once, it was the truth.She looked surprised at his answer and then let out another deafening cackle of laughter in his face, letting the humour of the irony rush through her."Please do!" she jeered. After all, she wanted nothing more and he was perhaps the only person that would do it for her.He grimaced at her madness and sighed in frustration, clenching his eyes shut for a moment."Exactly how many hours have you slept this week Grindelwald? She thought for a moment, mustering up an honest answer for him. "Three. Give or take" she admitted. He didn't respond to her and instead turned sharply on his heel and began stalking away down the corridor.When she didn't immediately follow him, he called out from behind her "Come on, we don't have all day. I am busy you know..."And once again, she curiously followed the boy that wanted to kill her.
  ***
They came to an end of a dusty, narrow corridor in the lower ground of the castle. It was a place that Eleanor had never even known existed until now. They took so many twists and turns she was sure at one point he might actually be going to kill her. But eventually, Tom stopped at the foot of an old rickety door that she presumed to be a broom cupboard of sorts.Waving his hand, the sound of a bolt unlocked and the door creaked open slightly to reveal a dark room.He walked in and a dim candlelight appeared above him. Soon enough the sound of the clankering of glasses followed. As Eleanor entered herself, she came to find he lead her to quite a substantiated potions storeroom. It was impossibly narrow but somehow incredibly high, with shelves upon shelves of precariously stacked vials and jars of various looking substances.Tom seemed to know exactly what he was looking for, as he wandered around the space with ease. Confusion passed by her features as he effortlessly began pouring various vials into a glass beaker."You know...if you are going to kill me, I'd prefer the curse," Eleanor said with a small smile, attempting to trigger some sort of explanation.Much to her surprise, he let out a faint laugh in response, turning around to momentarily meet her deepened confusion."Oh don't you worry, I prefer using the curse too," he replied with a trace of a smirk on his lips, before turning around and adding what seemed to be powdered dragon scales to his concoction."If you're thinking of a sleeping draught, don't bother - they don't work. I've tried every one on the market. My aunt even flew one in from a pioneer in China for me-..." she began, but he cut her off."This is different" he replied flatly as if not bothering to even entertain the notion that he was wrong.She simply rolled her eyes and sighed, electing to lean against the frame and watch him work. "So why are you helping me? What do you want?" "Well, I'm glad you're not stupid enough to think it's because I've warmed to you." Now it was her turn to laugh, "Trust me, I'd never dare to think it," and this was one thing Eleanor knew for certain.After a few moments and an odd fizzing sound at the countertop, he turned around, offering her a vial of clouded light blue liquid.She regarded it for a moment before taking it from him and smelling it. To her amazement, it smelt like the finest Madagascan vanilla and something else...marshmallows perhaps?"It's something of my own invention, a dream potion I've tweaked. It's not that you can't get to sleep, it's the dreams that you have that keep you awake. If you take this, it'll never be a problem," he explained as if he was in class again. His usual flair of superiority shone through as once more he proved himself to be more intelligent than Eleanor thought. But she would never admit that of course.She simply hummed in response, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of looking impressed. A small part of her mind drifted to wondering why he had needed to brew such a potion in the first place, but this was interrupted by his low voice."Take it, go for a nap in the Room of Requirement where nobody can bother you, and then tonight, I'll meet you in there and you can...assist with the ring" his tone left no room for suggestion and was every bit an order.Usually, Eleanor would refuse and find some way to bite back on his audacity to order her about but she felt the sting of tiredness behind her eyes and hesitated. This seemed to be taken as agreement for Tom and he leaned against the other side of the doorframe in quiet triumph."The 'Room of Requirement'...I'm guessing that's your disappearing, creepy, personal library?..."  Eleanor never quite got to the bottom of understanding how he had managed to acquire such a space in the castle and set a reminder to ask while they were still in a ceasefire."That's the one," he confirmed, exiting the room waving his hand to lock the door on his way out."I'll tell Dolohov you're in the hospital wing. She won't inquire any further, for someone that practices divination she really is... remarkably obtuse." Tom fled, turning on his heel he left her without any form of a farewell.She made her way to the Room of Requirement, finding it easily.As she entered, she felt an odd calming sensation rush over her. The roaring fire created a cosy warmth that met her shivered skin and she instantly relaxed into the ambience.The sound of shifting stones made her turn her head to the far side of the room where a desk once sat. Instead, it was replaced with a king-size bed, dressed in luscious green sheets and invitingly plush pillows. She wandered over to the bed in awe as she looked at it with longing eyes. A small bundle of fabric appeared on the pillow and when she investigated it, she found it was her nightdress.Without thinking, she changed right there. Happy to be relieving herself of the heavy, scratchy robes and welcoming the soft silkiness on her skin. After folding her uniform neatly, she placed it on the small side table and fell onto the plush mattress with a groan of exhaustion.Eleanor looked at the potion in the vial, noticing that small puffy white clouds appeared to be floating in the dusty blue liquid. She wondered how such a complete and utter arsehole could be capable of brewing such a sweet-looking potion. Maybe if she was not in dire need of sleep this would make her laugh aloud.Without hesitating, she downed the vial and soon enough she was plunged into a deep, uninterrupted sleep that felt like pure nirvana.And for just this once, she was thankful he had been round.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
  
  "Chaos is a friend of mine"

  -Bob Dylan
  
  
  

  ***
Before opening her eyes and coming into reality the soft scent of a crackling fire met her with an inviting smokey waft. Eleanor began to register the softness of the sheets that wrapped around her and sunk ever so slightly more into the plush pillow in silent delight. As she opened her eyes, a small irretrievable smile landed on her complexion.
  Peace.
Still in the midst of her dream state, she stretched out slightly on the mattress and took in her surroundings. She was snapped back to the harsh reality of her environment by looking over to the other side of the room and noticing Tom in his usual chair, reading. Instinctively, she pulled the sheets up to hide her exposed body, which was barely covered by the tangled mess of the sheets."Pity. You're actually almost tolerable when your dormant," he sighed in greeting, not bothering to look up from his novel. A habit which knawed at Eleanor, somehow annoying her for reasons unknown. Relishing in her newfound rested state, she chose to ignore the rude comment."How long was I asleep?" Her voice was croaky and she ran a hand through her hair as she sat up in the bed. Eleanor would be lying if she didn't admit she felt oddly uncomfortable sitting there so intimately in a bed in front of him. But she tried not to entertain that thought as it would only manifest into a fit of bashful awkwardness."Ten hours. It's the full durational effect of the potion." Finally, Tom looked up to her and she wondered if he felt the oddness of the situation too, but if he did, he didn't show it.With a yawn she rubbed her eyes and forced herself into a more woken state, covering up as much as possible with the sheets in order to feel less exposed. She became acutely aware of the low cut neckline of her nightdress and its rather inappropriate short length. He seemed to register this sudden act of modesty and chuckled to himself. "Don't flatter yourself Grindelwald. You're not the first woman that's been in my bed." Tom's voice was laced with humour, as if finding it funny she would even regard herself as tempting to him. For some reason, this bothered her."Yes, I'm well aware of that." Her mind flashed back to him at the Slug Club party, dragging the beautiful blond out of the room. For a moment, she wondered who the girl was, not having seen her before that night. A thousand questions rolled into her head, all of which would give him far too much satisfaction to dare ask. One thing was for sure, by the way she looked at Tom doe-eyed and enchanted, the girl was probably in for the greatest heartbreak of her life. It was obvious he was using her. She recalled the cruel way he would hold the blonde's attention for just long enough and offer her a gesture that kept her hooked, right before going back to ignoring her completely. It was terribly heartless but expected nonetheless. "Do I detect a hint of jealousy?" His piercing eyes doubled down into hers. For the first time, he noticed her face appear flushed with warmth - as if she had spent the day in the sun. The black circles that underlined her eyes seemed to lessen and there was an odd liveliness to her he had never seen."No, that would be nausea." "Actually her name was Ava, but close enough."Scoffing at his supreme display of arrogance she decided not to give him the satisfaction of a response. He sat in his armchair as if he was a Lord, fixated on whatever he was reading and ignored her with what seemed like well-practised proficiency. But after a while of the silence growing uncomfortable, she had to break it."What are you reading?" she asked him casually, testing the waters of their newfound civility. Today they spoke almost like they didn't completely irrevocably hate each other and she needed to know if that was still the case."A book." His tone was flattened as if bored of their conversation already.Eleanor rolled her eyes at the lacking response, but honestly, she expected it. After all, why would she anticipate him to be anything less than his usual self? Maybe it was the sudden rush of melatonin in her bloodstream that gave her a shot of optimism.She got up slowly, making sure to turn her back to him as she pulled her nightrobe on. At least this way, she felt less scantily clad. Of course, from behind, Eleanor didn't notice the intent eyes that were on her as she did.When she turned around, his glare was glued to the pages of his book, once again successfully pretending she wasn't in his space. But he had reread the same sentence for the tenth time over. It was strange for him to have another person in the Room of Requirement. He told no one about his 'creepy disappearing library' - as Eleanor called it. Perhaps it was out of self-preservation, a need to be truly alone without the prospect of the masses encroaching. Here he could write, read restricted books and actually relax. Out there, he was constantly vigilant, searching and relentless.And now, she was there with him and it was eerily uncomfortable, like he had shown too much of himself to her for his own liking. In an onset of annoyance, he made a mental note to put some sort of passcode on the door. This couldn't become a habit. Especially considering it was someone as chaotically aggravating as Eleanor Grindelwald.As if reading his thoughts, she came to sit opposite him, further fuelling his discomfort. Something, which he was absolutely sure was subconsciously intentional. Her eyes focused in on the book in his hands."The Tales of Beedle the Bard? Didn't realise you liked children's literature..." she observed humorously."I don't.""Well, perhaps you just like stories about idiotic men seeking power they don't deserve then..." Her voice was distant and soft like she had said it more to herself than Tom."And perhaps, once again, you're proving yourself to be completely lacking in cognitive thought" he replied sharply, turning the page with a tad more force than needed.She sighed and tried to hide a smile. There was something oddly comforting about knowing she could antagonise him. It was childish of her but entertaining nonetheless.Her joviality subsided as her eyes honed in on the ring again. Its beating ambience was clear even from the distance of the little sofa. "Why did you do it?" she asked him in a small voice, unsure if he would even answer.Tom looked up at her with a furrowed brow confused at her comment, before realising her gaze on the ring.He said nonchalantly and snapped his book shut."Why not?""Because it's dangerous...obviously...""Dangerous like taking drugs - while drunk - and wandering into the forbidden forest? Or dangerous like blood hexing a student in front of a teacher?" he quipped back with a sharp tone.Unfortunately, he had a point. She knew he would never tell her what exactly he did to the ring, so she didn't even bother to ask. Eleanor came to the conclusion that it was better for her not to know anyway.She scoffed and rolled her eyes at him, turning her gaze to the fire. "I'll do it on one condition" she finally said.Tom raised a brow at her words, "And what would that be?""I want the full recipe for that potion," she declared, now staring directly back into his intense eyes.He sighed in exasperation and pinched the bridge of his nose."Fine."
  ***
The bright moonlight peered through the windows of the corridor as they walked. Usually, she loved the castle when it felt abandoned and there was no other noise but her footsteps, however, the nature of their journey cast darkness on the feeling. Eleanor came to the realisation of how easy it was for Tom to do as he pleased as they navigated the floors well after acceptable hours. The paintings didn't bat an eye as they strode past and even the caretaker ridiculously accepted Tom's lie about being on night duties with Eleanor. No one ever questioned him and that sent a wash of irritation over her.She followed him as they entered the girl's lavatory on the second floor. It was a large space, disconnected from the teacher's quarters and far enough away from anywhere if there was any noise. It was perfect for dark magic."Right. Put it on there," she instructed, pointing to the tiled edge of the sink countertop.He raised an agitated brow at her words, clearly not used to being told what to do, but nonetheless, did it anyway."Who taught you this?" he asked, not stepping back from the ring with slight hesitation in his stance."My father was a collector. Ever since I can remember our home was filled with dark objects...enchanted compasses, haunted mirrors, cursed books...Every so often, he would bring home something that wasn't sealed. It destroyed the people that created it, but he knew it was valuable, so he bought it home and mended it himself. Our house was practically a museum by the end..." Tom watched her intently as she spoke and listened to every word. There was a part of him that envied her, growing up in such a way. She knew things he could only dream of knowing. And he hated that."The seal is the final step to the process. After you cast the dark magic into it, its chaotic form has no way of staying tied to it, so it diffuses around and gradually begins to infect those around it... The seal acts as a lid of sorts and contains the magic within," she finished, resisting the temptation to be condescending.Tom just nodded in acceptance with his icy glare focused on the ring in front of them. His mind reeled with distracting thoughts. He came to the conclusion that despite every terrible thing in his past, being lectured on dark magic by Eleanor was perhaps the worst.Steadying herself, she took a deep breath and steadied herself, preparing for the onset of the ritual. Despite knowing the ritual, Eleanor had never actually done it before - but she thought perhaps it was best not to draw attention to that rather daunting fact. It was better for her to try and risk failure, than for her to do nothing and for Tom to jeopardise the many lives around them.She lifted her hands out to hover in front of the ring and stretched her fingers to feel the ambient dark magic permeate the air around them. It was an abnormal sensation, that felt almost pleasurable. The darkness pricked at her fingertips like kisses of electricity and the voltage ran through her, sending a charge of adrenaline to her rapidly beating heart. It was easy to understand how many wizards and witches became obsessed, there was something deeply compelling about the feeling which sent the mind into a flurry of power. That's the thing about dark magic, wielding it gave you unparalleled strength, but consuming it gave you undeniable superciliousness. It was hauntingly powerful and beautiful, yet insatiably vicious. And in this way, it was a crown but also a dagger.When the connection between her and the magic was stable, she began. Attempting to precisely imitate her father's every move, her hands waved in controlled flourishes around the ring. The sheer force of the bond was enough for her to shut her eyes in need of concentration."Sepositam et conditam, serva tenebris intus..." The chant filled the room, bouncing off the echoing walls and was said slowly but with distinct diction. It was an ancient practice and so the spell was in the old tongue of ancient magical civilisations.With every word, the swirl of smoke like magic seemed to be tamed by her fingers, following their every subtle movement. It was not dissimilar to the image of a flute player hypnotizing a cobra to dance in a rattan basket. Eleanor repeated it over and over again. She could feel her energy drain from her body every time she did, but she wouldn't allow herself to stop. Something unnatural came over her, perhaps it was the adrenaline, or maybe something darker. Whatever it was, Eleanor forbade her body to become an obstacle to success.Tom stood close by with a keenly focused glare now directed onto the fascinating display of power before him. He was mesmerised by the sight and underneath his sharp concentration and tight jaw, a small hint of wonder played behind his grey eyes. He had never seen dark magic like this before. So controlled. So effortlessly elegantly mastered.It was almost beautiful, she was almost beautiful. Eleanor began to feel lightheaded as if all the blood in her brain had been drained onto the cold tiles beneath her. Her back arched as she leant over the ring, and her fingers ached from their contorted, strained state. When she conducted the spell for the seventh time, the magic seemed to harden within the onyx stone of the ring, no longer seeping out.However, without even registering this, her legs gave out before her and her knee caps cracked onto the cold floor. Her vision was blurred and she began to feel as if she was falling off a cliff, plunging from a great height. Tom rushed over to her and knelt down, placing two cold fingers on her neck to feel for a pulse. He had never observed such a fast heart rate before, it was like her blood was desperately pumping in a marathon to her peripheral organs."Eleanor, look at me," Tom commanded to her in an authoritative tone. He picked up her face by the jaw and noticed a stream of blood pouring from her right nostril. Her eyes were slits as if begging to close and her skin had returned to the ghostly shade he had seen so many times before. 
  Fuck.
One girl dead is an outlying coincidence. But two girls in 24 hours is suspicious - and he wasn't ready to pay for his crimes. Tom knew he couldn't get away with her death, too many portraits saw them and they even had a conversation with the caretaker. Reluctantly, he abandoned his instinct to let the girl die.She placed a frail hand on his wrist as if making sure he was really there. "I did it..." she whispered faintly, and he almost didn't manage to hear the words from her lips."You need to open your eyes," he instructed, his glare now taking in every detail of her deteriorated state looking for a solution, but she looked like she was practically on the edge of death.She shook her head slightly.
  Even on the brink of death, she manages to be disobedient.
"Sleep..." Eleanor mumbled. Her head went slack against his hands and she seemed to flail in his arms, her muscles completely giving out.He sighed in frustration at the pathetic girl in front of him and for the second time in his life, he picked up the girl and hauled her into his chest. This time at least, she wasn't threatening to kill him by the Great Lake. Although, he knew that she probably would if she could.As he picked her up, her body seemed to instinctively tighten into him, something which he had to resist being utterly repulsed by. As he lifted her, the fabric of her nightdress fell down, revealing her creamy thighs in the pale moonlight. Her body felt cold and he tried not to think about the fact that his hands were touching her bare skin. An odd heated sensation washed over him, but the panic of the situation at hand seemed to numb it quickly.Tom brought her over to the basin and with a wave of his hand, the tap began gushing with water."Frigore." He waved his wand at the stream and the water became ice cold.Her lifeless form bent over the basin and her head leant on the mirror. From directly behind her, he splashed her face with the freezing cold water, attempting to wake her from the disillusionment. For a moment, she did nothing and he began to think she was truly dead. His mind started conjuring up a million possible excuses or ways of explaining why Eleanor Grindelwald was dead and why exactly he was the last one to be with her.Until, he felt her stiffen underneath him as she began to wildly cough into the stream. With a violent swing, Eleanor lunged back, pushing him out of the way, revealing her face and clothes to be completely soaked."Is this how you say thank you? By drowning me?" she shrieked, wiping her face and straightening her posture. She felt the cold water stinging her cheeks and drip from her hair."I do recall you did ask me to kill you," Tom replied in a stern tone, attempting to mask his relief at her consciousness. He turned his back to her and reached for the newly sealed ring. As he looked at, his features contorted into an expression Eleanor could only describe as the darkest form of desire, and he slid it on his finger. The energy shifted in the room and something changed as if he summoned all the power in the room into him.She took an exasperated breath, now calming down and stared at the onyx that shone in the moonlight. "I didn't realise it would be that...onerous...." Eleanor admitted, feeling an ache in her head. Her father made it look so utterly uncomplicated."Yes, well what else could we expect from an amateur?" he returned in his characteristically superior tone. He was never going to thank her and this was probably the closest he could actually get to the words."I'll remind you that I just fixed your fuck up...If I'm an amateur what does that make you?" she spat back at him, tired of his pompous display."Someone that just had to save your life perhaps?" Tom suggested condescendingly, crossing his arms in displeasure at her bratty behaviour. Her lack of gratitude was completely infuriating to him.She scoffed at his ego and walked slowly over to the basin. Looking in the mirror with horror, she quickly wiped the blood from her nose and fixed her nightgown so it covered more of her chest."I want the potion recipe with a detailed method and trust me, if you don't honour your word, I will make your life a living hell," she demanded, making eye contact with him in the reflection of the mirror from the basin."Isn't that already what you've committed yourself to doing? Here I was thinking you would be more bearable after some sleep..." His eyes shot her a pointed glare which suggested their short-lived alliance was over."And here I was thinking you of all people would know how to properly use blood magic without risking the lives of the entire school." He wanted to ask her when she started caring about the lives of others but all he did was smirk down at her in the most agonisingly patronising way. There was an odd shift in the air and a familiar sense of tension crept up from the floor and began to surround them. As they stood inches apart, eyes intently locked on each other, overwhelming heightened energy could be sensed enveloping them. Once again, she felt the remanence of their energy bridge quietly binding them, daring them to step forward. "What are you up to Grindelwald?" his harsh stare bore into hers and almost intimidated her."I should be asking you the same question...I'm not the one with secret rooms and cursed rings."  The smirk on his face seemed to deepen but as it did, somehow, his eyes became colder. This sent an involuntary shiver down Eleanor's spine."It's funny...Abraxas tells me that you spend every waking moment researching dark magic and burying yourself in the pages of banned books...You lie when you're asked about what you're going to do after graduating and avoid speaking about any plans for the future at all. Not to mention, you're entertaining that complete fool, Bertie McLaggan, despite obviously loathing him. If you ask me Grindelwald, it looks like you're hiding something," his voice was searing like the sharp edge of a knife, cutting through every layer of security Eleanor thought she had."Why do you care?" she asked sharply. Running her eyes over his features illuminated in the moonlight to analyse his every move, once again attempting to ignore the fact that their faces were so close."I don't...I just hate being lied to, especially by someone so terrible at deception."She let out a laugh in bewilderment at his gall to corner her after everything she did for him, "I find it interesting that someone just as dishonest as I am would have the audacity to interrogate me, Riddle. Don't think I haven't noticed your little 'meetings' with Ezra, Theodore and the others. Your high and mighty Head Boy charade doesn't fool me for a moment...No one with an ounce of decency would ever perform a dark magic curse on school grounds. Perhaps you're right about me, but let me assure you Tom, none of what I am involving myself with concerns you. It goes beyond the petty desperation for power," her words were like venom as they exited her lips."And what do you know about power?" he retorted, taunting her to go on as his fingers twitched at his sides, tempted to grab his wand. He could almost taste the cruciatus curse on the tip of his tongue."Enough to know that you shouldn't trust anyone that's willing to go to such lengths to achieve it."He stepped away from her with a disapproving raised brow and an exasperated sigh. In three short strides, he came to the doorway of the bathroom, but before he disappeared out of the room, he turned to her."There are only two things in this world Eleanor, power and those who are too weak to seek it. If you don't realise that, then your incredible potential is a complete waste," and with that, he left.
  ***
Later that night she lay in bed, replaying the conversation with Tom back in her mind, again and again.Eleanor had underestimated his ability to see through her. He was smart enough to realise she was indeed planning something and it had nothing to do with the typical things girls her age concerned themselves with. She wasn't trying to find a suitable husband or even get an internship at a prestigious office. Her intentions were clearly laced with secrecy and darkness.However, she was smart enough to know that he had his own ambitions. Although Eleanor didn't know what they were, she was beginning to gather that he simply did not want to just become the Minister of Magic. No. He wanted something more. But what? He already had social position, blood status, a fine academic reputation - and presumably money. Isn't that enough power for one man? Her thoughts drifted to the way he looked at the ring with such unparalleled desire.Although she didn't sleep much that night, her mind raced. As it did, she realised something significant. After spending so much time thinking about how she and Tom were different, she failed to realise the one thing that they shared.An undeniable obsession with success and an absolute, unhinged commitment to achieving it at all costs.  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "But I am dancing on my own grave,

  I illumine this sad ruin with flames of my regrets"

  -
  Forugh Farrokhzad
 
  ***
 Eleanor welcomed the sunlight peering through the window above her head with a newfound feeling of relaxation. For the second time in two months, she wasn't wide-eyed and strained but instead, content with a harmony of abundant melatonin rushing through her veins. Much to her displeasure, she came to the realisation that both of these nights full of undistracted rest were directly due to Tom Riddle. An unlikely redemption for such a painfully repugnant person. He was a paradoxical man, somehow being her unrelenting antagonist while also the direct cause of her peace. Eleanor had no idea how to handle this revelation, but she surely wasn't foolish enough to think she could trust him. There was a small part of her that radiated towards him every time he was near, like a moth to a flame. In a world of clear cut heroes and villains, he was a cocktail of the worst and the best of them. He was perplexing in his duality and Eleanor couldn't help but be intrigued. After all, the darkest subjects are often the most interesting. She pushed the thought of the boy out of her mind, unsure as to why she was even devoting time to figuring out a certified psychopath like him. She knew he was dangerous and surrounding herself with dangerous people was like dipping a kerosine soaked rag into a roaring fire. A match and a fuse. Two deadly figures that should never cross paths, for the good of all humanity. Today she was going to ignore him, stay out of trouble and lay low. His interrogation revealed that he was watching her closely, suspicious of her intentions. Tom knew too much already and he couldn't be allowed to potentially ruin her months of planning with his keen observations.   She needed to focus on her research, train her skills for the fight to come and work towards her real goal: to destroy the Aurors that destroyed her. Her mind flashed with the faces of Belgaire Argyle and Amar Patil, a visceral reminder of the real game ahead. Like a carousel, she watched each of the other nameless faces revolve into her memory. A short, middle-aged woman with a brunette bob and soft features became distinct amongst them. Eleanor didn't know her name but she knew her face well. She was the one that tortured her father and cornered her mother into the far side of the living room before her slim frame flung onto the grand piano like a deranged doll. She grimaced at the memory of her mother's contorted body splayed on the fractured top of the shiny black piano she once loved. The hatred in her heart seemed to bloom once more into a bouquet of blood-red roses, thorny and sharp. Her obsessive collection of Daily Prophet clippings never once revealed her identity, making her conclude that she was not as established in the Auror sector. She would find her and make her pay.With newfound energy pulsing through her veins and a revitalised thirst for revenge, she got out of bed and made her way to the showers.  
  ***
 "So have you got a date yet? Or have you scared them all off?" Ezra asked with a cheeky grin. They were sitting on the bench in the courtyard opposite the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom waiting for lunch to end and the class to start."A date? God, there isn't another Slug Club is there? Because I think I'm going to have to pass..." she replied quickly, momentarily reliving the failure of a night."Oh god Eleanor, I think you might be the only female in this whole school that doesn't know about the Yule Ball.""The what?" her brows knitted together in confusion, never having heard of it before. "Oh come on, Octavia hasn't said anything to you?" "Well sometimes she starts talking and I just...completely dissociate," she admitted with slight embarrassment. The lack of sleep she had gotten recently began to take its toll and her attention span was at an all-time low. Especially when it concerned Octavia's rants about balls, dress codes and general event planning.He let out a laugh at the confession, "You really are a terrible friend you know." "I know. I don't mean to...Anyway, I don't think I'm in the mood for any more gowns, champagne or dates. Besides, it took me a week to recover from the hangover I got from the All Hallows Ball and I'm rather sick of accompanying the likes of drunk men...""Well, unfortunately for you darling the Yule Ball is one of the most important school events of the year and attendance is mandatory for seventh years. So I guess you're stuck with us."She groaned and her head fell into his shoulder and he chuckled lightly."I'm guessing you already have a date then?" she asked with an ounce of hope that maybe he didn't."Ludo asked me this morning." A boyish smile that carved out his dimples appeared on his face as he said the words. "Great. Desperate and dateless it is then... unless Theodore's free?" she winced at the desperate question."No, he's managed to somehow corral Esther Lennon from Hufflepuff to be his date. Honestly how that girl said yes is beyond me, his reputation is practically infamous at this point...""Oh god... now I'm really a social outcast," she whined with a self-deprecating laugh. "What about Riddle...?" he suggested nonchalantly, looking away to hide his small smile.She turned up to look at him with wide eyes like he had gone completely mad."You can't be serious Ezra..." Her voice was laced with bewilderment and she desperately searched his complexion for an ounce of evidence he was joking."I see how you look at each other Nor, and don't pretend that I don't realise that every time we get drunk you end up sneaking off with him somewhere," he protested with his hands raised like he was begging not to be shot."God knows what you two get up to...you're both bloody insane," he added with a cheeky grin. She felt horror rush through her, or maybe it was disgust...she wasn't sure. "Trust me Ezra, Tom Riddle would sooner ask Professor Dumbledore to the ball than me. Just because we know how to piss each other off to the point of lunacy...and sometimes that involves intense drunken moments at parties - does not mean there is anything in the slightest...""You're being awfully defensive for someone that is so sure they're right," Ezra quipped with a quirked brow and a menacing half grin.She scoffed at him incredulously and playfully hit him on the shoulder, not knowing how to respond. Her mind flurried at the idea. "Honestly Ezra, I can't even think why...""Yes Nor, you're completely right. Why would I suggest that two extremely attractive people who clearly have unresolved sexual tension and share a weird, semi-alarming penchant for danger possibly be compatible? Silly me..." His voice was thick with sarcasm. "Maybe Bertie's free..." she wondered out loud optimistically, electing to ignore Ezras last comment that sent a flush of crimson to her cheeks. "Argh god, not that complete bafoon. He is handsome Eleanor I'll give you that - but he's a total fool. The way he and his friends acted that night at Slug Club - it was like he was raised in a chicken coop." His nose crinkled in disgust. "Yes... but chicken coop aside... Maybe he's just foolish enough to take an attractive girl with a weird, semi-alarming penchant for danger," she replied with a beaming grin. Eleanor obviously didn't want to have to deal with another night of Bertie's incredibly unamusing quidditch humour. But, at this point, she still needed to resolve the invitation to the AFP ball issue and she hadn't written him off. Plus, he did write her an awfully sympathetic note the day after, apologising for his behaviour and his friend's comments. It couldn't be all bad. As they finally walked into the DADA classroom, they took in the strange sight before them. Professor Aprus' tall slender figure standing in the middle of a cleared space in front of a strange-looking cabinet. It was clearly ancient, as its mirrored doors were patchy and desilvered and the dark wooden frame was battered and chipped. She frowned at the sight, not recalling any cabinet in the chapters of the textbook. "Good afternoon class, very exciting day today. I hope you're all in a brave mood because we will be meeting our worst fears. This..." she motioned to the furniture behind her, "...may seem like an ordinary cabinet...but inside you will find a boggart!" she proclaimed with joy."Now who can tell me what a boggart is?" she asked inquisitively, her sharp voice keen with uncharacteristic enthusiasm."It's a spirit, usually contained in a household item, that takes the form of the biggest fear of the nearest person to it, Professor," Tom's characteristically refined voice added from the front. She rolled her eyes. Of course, he knew that."Correct Mr Riddle, 5 points to Slytherin. Now there is a rather useful defensive spell you can employ when encountering a Boggart and that is to approach the figure with as much confidence as possible and yell 'Riddikulus' with conviction." "This will transfigure the fear into a laughable thing. Because what is a better weapon than humour to conquer our enemies eh? Line up folks, in alphabetical order and don't push in"The students began to hurriedly form a completely chaotic line. Grimacing, she found her spot behind Felix DuPonts neat mop of ginger hair, making sure to shoot him a pointed glare as she did. Naturally, he returned it - a game they had been playing for the last few weeks now.First was Charlotte, who approached the cabinet slowly with caution. After a small moment, a gush of water came from the cupboard at lighting speed. It seemed to circle at her feet before filling around her, as if she was enclosed in an invisible glass case. The water rose to her shins and she began to slightly panic as she realised her feet were glued to the floor.
  Fear of drowning.
Only when the water came to her ribs did she muster up the courage to shout, "Riddikulus!" All at once, the water exploded into a flurry of glittered confetti and it covered her as if she was part of an elaborate celebration for one. Eleanor's mind began to consider what her own would be. Thinking back to her childhood, she remembered a distinct memory of being on holiday in Russia. They were staying deep in the Taiga Forest in an ancient castle high on a hill. She had been bored one afternoon and without her parents', permission - went exploring into the dark forest. Unfortunately for her, she found herself sprinting, screaming like a wild animal, as a giant Siberian silver back dragon chased her. It definitely was the first time she ever felt remotely scared, so it was safe to say it was probably that. Felix Dupont was next, and she watched intently, mentally taking notes as to what his weakness was. 
  Just in case. 
The Boggart whirled, sweeping the glitter from the ground and twisted into the form of a large black anaconda which was coiled into a large mass just next to his feet. It was the longest and thickest snake she had ever seen in her entire life. If Eleanor had an ounce of compassion for the boy, she would actually feel sorry for him. But of course, she didn't and she couldn't help the entertained smirk plastered on her face and small snicker escape from her lips as he shrieked in high-pitched fear. After casting the defence, the snake's form twisted into a large, shiny yellow balloon animal of a dog. When it was her turn, she stepped up to the floor in front of the impossibly large balloon. Still not able to wipe the grin off her face from watching Felix pathetically leap out of the snake's venomous lunge, she relaxed and waited for her dragon. But instead, the boggart did something strange. Something unexpected.It was sucked back into the cabinet and it began to shake wildly, lifting off the ground as it rattled, before settling in silence. Slowly, the smile faded from her complexion, as she waited in confused anticipation for it to reveal itself. An odd silent darkness swept through the air and she was taken back to a memory of stale rooms and soundless tension. The door creaked open and a bony hand gripped the edge. Then, a sound that was tattooed deep into her memory, came to life in front of her.
  It was her sister's blood-curdling scream. 
The tall, slender form of Belgaire Argyle revealed itself from the cabinet. His ice-blue eyes were wide and eery and his clown-like smile was firmly in place on his mouth. He dragged out Clara's distressed form, with a wand firmly jilted into the front of her throat. She was kicking and screaming, her blonde pigtails waving wildly as she did. But his grip on the back of her baby blue dress was so tight she dangled slightly from the ground as she moved manically. Eleanor froze at the sight and suddenly she had forgotten how to breathe. In fact, she was sure her vital organs had momentarily ceased function as well. "Now, now... deary." Belgaire ran his hand over her head, "No need to cry...". His voice was slimy and soft and it seemed to be terrifyingly juxtaposing his violent grip on her. "Please let me go! Please, please!" she wailed in her squeaky voice. Hearing her sister's voice was enough to plunge Eleanor into a pit of undoing. Eleanor didn't notice, but her cheeks began to run with hot tears and there was no way she could rip her horrified eyes off Clara. It was like reliving her nightmares, but this time, it was more visceral. Belgaire cackled softly, now turning his deranged smile onto her."This all ends when you tell me where it is..." "No..." Eleanor whispered, completely forgetting where she was. "Alright...we'll do this the hard way then...Crucio!" He fired the curse into Clara so fast she couldn't even see the light leave his wand.Within an instant, Clara's body fell and went feral on the floor. She began to scream - louder than she ever had before and she gripped her head like it was about to explode.Eleanor was frozen. She couldn't move. Or speak. She could only watch her worst fear play out in front of her. "I can do this all day Eleanor dear. Now, be a good girl and tell me where the book is." Belgaire's voice was low and taunting as he kept his curse directed on Clara's writhing form."Please!" Eleanor blurted out with pleading eyes."Where is it girl?!" he yelled, breaking his calm disposition and doubling down the spell.  Clara released a guttural screech and there was nothing more Eleanor wanted at that moment than to take the pain from her. It was as if he was ripping every fibre of her apart, slowly. "I don't know!" she protested, not able to release her wild eyes from the tortured gaze of her sister."Fine...perhaps if that won't loosen your tongue, the cruciatus will..." he proclaimed, ending the curse on her sister's now lifeless little body that was occasionally twitching and pointing his wand towards her.Her body reacted before she could, jolting into a frozen state as if it remembered the memory of the curse and braced for maximum impact. "This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald" Belgaire declared to her with a sickly sweet smile. She closed her eyes, releasing another dam of tears down her wet face, expecting to be met with the worst pain imaginable when suddenly, Professor Aprus knocked her to the floor out of the way."Riddikulus!" she shouted with a look of absolute terror. Belgaire and Clara's figure was sent flying back and whirled into the two of them in pink tulle ballet costumes, performing the worst rendition of a pas de deux she had ever seen. Somehow, seeing them like this made it even worse and she averted her gaze. Eleanor sat on the ground limply, one arm outstretched staring hauntingly at the floor."May I be excused Professor?" she whispered, slightly shaking."I think you should go to the hospital wing dear..." the Professor responded in a gentle tone, looking over her like a broken china doll that had been flung of a great height.Eleanor didn't answer. Instead, she picked herself up from the cold stone floor and turned towards the exit, shuffling slowly as she did. Her eyes were glazed over as if not seeing at all and it was probably for the best, as she would have met 13 terrified pairs of eyes staring back at her. Even Felix seemed traumatised at the boggart. She left as quickly as her feet could take her and without any sense of general direction - wandered out of the castle, towards the grounds. The confines of the walls seemed too much for her at the time. The grounds were still considered out of bounds for students because of the ongoing Ministerial beast investigation, but that failed to cross her mind as she went. When she finally came to the edge of the Black Lake, the crisp air bit at her wet, salty cheeks and for the first time in what seemed like an eternity, she took a breath. But somehow the oxygen didn't quite flood her lungs like it usually did and she was left gasping for more and more. Eleanor wanted to cry, she wanted to completely lose herself in a pit of despair and never come out. But she couldn't, it was like there was nothing left inside her and everything else had been drained.Her sister's scream filled her mind again and a rush of guilt washed over her like a fresh slap in the face. Swallowing the feeling, she took a step into the lakeshore, letting the water nip at her ankles and seep into the soles of her shoes. If she couldn't feel anything else, she may as well feel the pain of the ice-cold water. But even that felt mild compared to her memories, so in desperation, she went in deeper and deeper. By the time the water was lapping at her chest, she wasn't even sure if she could even feel her legs anymore. But somehow, they still carried her forward, into the abyss and out of reality.By the time she was fully submerged she began to fall into what she could only describe as the deepest sleep she had been in for years. Slowly, she felt her heart falter under the cool pressure of the water and shortly after this, her lungs began to give out too, as if they were a deflating balloon. She descended down and reached the depths of the lake floor, amongst a forest of seaweed and fish. And for the first time in a while, she felt true peace.But this peace was short-lived. Suddenly, a firm hand gripped at her own and began lurching her upwards, forcing her to the surface. Although she could feel it happening, her eyes seemed permanently shut and her body was far from functioning. As her blued face met the cold, windy surface, she failed to breathe.The boy pulled her to the shore and her back landed roughly on the pebbles that laced the lake edge. He hunched over her, looking for any signs of life. "Fucking hell Grindelwald..." Tom's raspy voice sounded from above her. His dark hair dripped manically onto her and he tried not to shiver from the water's sub-zero temperature. Using his wand that he dug from his pocket, he quickly cast a warming spell, on her first and then on himself. The adrenaline pumping through his veins didn't allow for the satisfaction of the warmth and instead, seemed to jolt him into further action.Lowering down so his ear hovered over her nose, he listened for the assurance of breathing. But alas, all he heard was the quiet waves of the lake behind them and the distant squawk of crows above. Nothing. She had no pulse and looked a sickly shade of white with a horrific blue tinting her lips and eyelids. Panic set in his features and his breath began to become ragged. For the first time in Tom's memory, he had no spell at his disposal to fix the situation. He had been to every class and read every book, but he knew nothing about resuscitation from drowning. Anger rushed through him as he realised how stupid that was. How worthless it all became. He knew how to patch up bloody wounds, how to relieve pain and mend bones - but he had no idea how to bring a girl back from the depths of drowning. He felt utterly useless.But just as he did, Eleanor began to shiver uncontrollably, almost as if she was convulsing in a seizure and he was filled with a final ounce of hope."Eleanor. Eleanor look at me!" he demanded to her lifeless face. Nothing.Without hesitation, he began ripping her heavy, damp robes off. It was clear their cold dampness clinging to her skin was the cause of the shiver. He knew she would absolutely petrified at this, but he couldn't care less about the misplaced self-consciousness of the girl in front of him right now. He had to stop her from going into hypothermic shock and this was the only way.Her shaking body was left in a small beige shift dress that barely covered anything at all and clung to her dark coloured undergarments, revealing them underneath. He began manically casting warming charms into her and she slowly regained a warm tone to her skin, replacing the ghoulish grey and blue that painted her flesh like the brush strokes of death himself. But she still wasn't breathing.He snapped into action and pounded his flat hands down onto her sternum in between her ribs - attempting desperately to force her heart to beat. Beads of sweat formed on his furrowed brow. After a few repetitive attempts at restarting her heart, he leant down and parted her cold lips - joining his with hers and delivering as much air into her as possible. As he did, Tom became momentarily dizzied at the whirl of lavender that was sent straight into him. Ignoring the odd sensation of this, he repeated it over and over."Come on Eleanor, what happened to never letting me win?" His voice was laced with an undertone of panic as she refused to respond. His rapid compressions to her chest became more manic and less precise, as he stared at her form with growing concern. Another might just break her ribs, but Tom wasn't ready to stop. He leant down for another resuscitory breath and as he did, her eyes shot open and she violently threw her head forward and it crashed into his with a crack.Eleanor gasped for air and instinctively reached for her throat, trying to permit as much into her lungs as possible. Her intake was interrupted with an upheaval of lake water spurting from her mouth and onto the pebbled ground beside her. With a widening of her eyes, her vision slowly returned and her back slammed back down onto the ground with agonising force. Staring into the clouds, her breathing heavy steadied into a quiet pant. Tom sat a few feet away unable to suppress the fury that overcame him at the profound stupidness of the girl. He wanted to kill her in that moment, for dancing so close to death without a second thought. Perhaps it was Tom's ardent hatred for the finality of life, but something about her flippant decision to end hers was itching at his brain and scouring his heart. She slowly turned her head, framed in her dripping thick locks of hair and looked over to him with tears in her eyes."Why did you do that?" she asked, unable to comprehend his motives.Tom glowered at her in complete disbelief at her words, he knew she was unhinged - but this was worse than he thought. "Excuse me for not granting your lunatic death wish." His voice was cold and sharp like the wind that whirled around them.Eleanor could only frown at him in shock. In her mind, of all the people to possibly care, it never would've been him. The irony wasn't lost on her, the man who from the beginning, had sworn to kill her himself, had just saved her life. And as her stormy eyes ran over his dripping hair and wet shirt, Eleanor had never been so astonished."Do you really have such a flagrant disrespect for your life?" he continued, clearly not done berating her. There was an intensity to his tone that set her on edge, like she had offended him for some unknown reason. "I don't think you want me to answer that..." she admitted quietly, sitting up and feeling an inexplicable ache in her chest and a flood of blood rush into her brain. He just sneered at her and shook his head in disbelief, running a stressed hand through his hair."It was so real...like I was stuck in the moment again..." she whispered, frantically trying to stop the feeling of welling tears in her eyes. He hesitated, not knowing what to say in response. In fact, he didn't even know whether she was really speaking to him or herself. Tom was never the empathetic type and lacked all possible ability to comfort those in need. So, he simply looked away, once again feeling useless at the hands of her. He hated that feeling.Sudden onset of questions saturated his mind, intrigued at the situation that played out before him in the DADA classroom. He had never seen Eleanor afraid of anything - not for the lack of his trying. But this man terrified her and as he watched her frail body quiver at the sight, he understood why."What was he looking for? The Auror?" the curiosity got the better of Tom and a small part of him itched to understand more of her past. To his surprise, she answered. "A book...it's a Grindelwald family heirloom, if I knew where it was I would have given it to him...I would of been able to..." she started after a momentary pause, professing with tears."He would have killed her anyway." He cut her off with a matter-of-fact tone. It was true and she knew it, but it remained something she refused to accept. "I never understood it...""What?" Tom asked searching her turned face for answers. "Why he didn't kill me. I was more dangerous...I posed more of a threat. He could have left her out of it." As she was speaking, he felt as if for the first time he was really meeting her. As if every time Tom had seen Eleanor before, he had been looking at a mask. All of her usual walls were down and she was stripped bare in front of him, revealing a side to her he had never seen. Deep navy stormy eyes, drained of their careful decisiveness. Plump lips spilling candour instead of their usual wit or pretty insults. Shaky hands, enveloped her knees like her body desperately needed the sensation of touch. Eleanor Grindelwald was broken and Tom found himself hypnotised by the way her soul was cracked open so beautifully. It was like seeing a rare antiquity that had been smashed apart and glued back together, knowing that one more wrong move would render it perished. A dark corner of his mind suggested that this would be the perfect time for Legilimency, but he silenced that. At least for now. "What's in the book?" Tom continued, completely fascinated by her. She instantly became more interesting and his mind couldn't rip apart from the urge to know everything Eleanor had in that pretty little mind. He had heard of many relics but nothing that peaked his inquisitiveness like this.She turned to him at the words and a humourless laugh escaped from her lips at his complete lack of awareness. Despite the dire moment they found themselves in, he never failed to amuse her with his profound arrogance. It was oddly endearing in a way, seeing him so captivated by enlightened curiosity. His piercing gaze narrowed and his eyes glinted with a childlike fixation on her. Utterly hellbent on the darkness that pervaded her mind and embellished her soul. If it wasn't so morbid, perhaps it would be charming.  "It's not actually a book...It's a shapeshifter. When handled, it turns into the key to whatever you want most in the world. They call it the Grindelwald Talisman...I guess that's why Grindelwald's have such a track record of success, they've always been given the power to have it.""And your father's 'key' was a book?"She sighed and gave him a small nod, "It had powerful untapped dark magic in it. Magic that could be used to completely disrupt and destroy even the most stable of forces. I only ever saw it once - we were never allowed near it of course..." she wasn't sure why she felt so comfortable being honest with the one person she distrusted most in the world, but for some reason she did."Whoever has the book, has complete power..." he finished for her as if experiencing a revelation. Eleanor turned to him with a small smile, although it was only half delivered and didn't meet her distant eyes."Don't get your hopes up Riddle, as far as I'm aware only a Grindelwald can use it...My great-great-grandmother saw to that. I guess Argyle didn't know..."A shiver ran up her arms and as she ran her hands down them to warm them, she suddenly became aware of the fact that she was in nothing but her short shift. To her horror, her black lacy undergarments were blazingly apparent underneath its sheer fabric. "You were going into hypothermic shock, I had to get rid of the layers - they were in the way..." he slowly explained, noticing how she began to curl her knees further into her chest in a desperate attempt at covering herself up. He couldn't help but roll his eyes at such an idiotic concern. Of all the things Eleanor Grindelwald should be concerned with - her body was not one of them. She mentally hoped he hadn't noticed the scars scattered on her flesh. It was one thing to bare her skin to him, but another, to bare the scratches on her soul. She vowed no one could ever see that and she knew if he did, there would be no way she could ever regain herself from that state of vulnerability. He stood up and walked over to where he had thrown his robe on the ground in a hurry before plunging into the lake. Picking it up, he came to her side and offered it to her.It was a silent gesture that both of them preferred not to dedicate too much time to analysing. She took it quickly from him and as she stood, pulled it on. It fitted poorly on her small frame, and his height made sure that the hem touched the ground. However, she couldn't help but welcome the warmth and the faint smell of tobacco and cologne that laced the fabric. Instinctively, she breathed it in, filling her tired lungs with his scent. A rush of calm spread through her like a shot of fresh serotonin. "We should go to the hospital wing," he stated, now unable to look at her dressed in his robes. Instead, his focus was on something in the distance, flying over the far end of the lake. "I'm not going back there."He sighed in exasperation at her ridiculous stubbornness. "Need I remind you that there is a murderous beast on the loose and we are not permitted to be here in the first place," his 'Head Boy' authoritative tone dripped through his voice."You think I'm scared of some woodland beast?" she replied with a scoff. She knew now the only real beasts were men, and they weren't in forests like the fairytales told us, they were on the streets, in our homes and working in the Ministry. In fact, perhaps she would trust a creature from the depths of the forest more than a man with a briefcase at this point. "No, I think you're deluded by overestimating your abilities." She pondered this for a while, leaving the insult hang in the air for longer than it needed to. Maybe he was right."You should've let me die Riddle," she responded quietly with a small chuckle, shaking her head."Perhaps I should've." His tone dripped with annoyance, but there was no regret in his features. "So...you admit you were wrong?" her tone was teasing and her grin was taunting. This sent him into a blur of aggravation. "Shut up Grindelwald." He clapped back at her with a sneer. But it was half-hearted and lacked his usual biting tone that she was accustomed to. Looking at him, she swore she could see the trace of a smile on his lips, but he turned away quickly to hide it. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Darkling I listen ; and, for many a time

  I have been half in love with easeful Death,

  Called him soft names in many a mused rhyme,

  To take into the air my quiet breath ; "

  -John Keats 
 
  ***
"Psychological evaluation?" Eleanor questioned with alarm evident in her strained voice. Her eyes were wide in disbelief and she was looking at the woman in front of her like she was the one who was absolutely mad.Tom finally managed to convince her to come back to the castle as the stars embellished the night sky and the winds became too cold to bear. On their walk back, she had foolishly agreed to see Madam Fenella in the hospital wing in a moment of weakness. He assured her it was just to get their opinion on her condition after being subjected to the cold waters.
  Apparently, not.
"It's just a precaution dear... Professor Aprus has spoken to me about the events that ensued today in your class and I think it for the best that you stay here for the night..." her deep voice explained. Madam Fenella was a short, stocky woman with bright red hair and pink cheeks who always seemed to be able to produce a smile, even in the worst of times. She was impossibly Scottish and incredibly kind. However, at this moment nothing but grave concern was plastered on her plump features."I appreciate your concern but I really don't think that's necessary, I was just...caught off guard. I promise, I'm fine..." she attempted to defend her sanity in a rushed tone. In desperation she turned to Tom who was standing beside her, leaning against the doorframe casually. Eleanor couldn't help but let out an incredulous laugh at the completely ridiculous situation that she found herself in."Riddle, tell her I'm fine!" she demanded, begging him for some sort of backup to support her defence.He turned to her and simply raised his eyebrow in a look of profound arrogance. He didn't have to open his mouth for her to know what he was thinking.
  You do know not three hours ago, I had to resuscitate you from flinging yourself into the Black Lake like a complete death crazed lunatic?
She could almost hear his sharp voice in her mind, words cutting off her lifeboat with their candour. Letting out a disappointed sigh in his betrayal, she could help but laugh again. This was completely uncalled for."Listen dear, why don't you take off those..." her gaze wandered over Tom's oversized robe that draped her figure with deepened concern "put on some fresh pyjamas and I'll make you a tea. You can have any bed you like" she offered, gesturing to the empty wing.Eleanor rolled her eyes in defeat, she could tell there was no way out of this. And admittedly, the truth was, she was awfully tired from the events that transpired today. Eleanor would be lying to not admit the added benefit of not having to face anyone after the gossip undoubtedly had circulated was on her mind too. The beady eyes of the students would once again be glued onto her. Snickers would fly across the room. The terrorist's daughter had finally lost it. She could practically hear the gossip now not to mention see the satisfied smugness of Felix DuPont. Humming quietly, Madame Fenella came back and handed her a set of thick, white cotton pyjamas with a sympathetic smile."What, no straight jacket?" Eleanor joked, clearly not impressed with the clothes that had been given to her - which could be mistaken for nunnery robes.Madame Fenella just sighed at her and lead her over to a bed, before turning to Tom who was still in the doorway. He was showing no attempt to hide that he was finding all of this extremely humorous."Thank you, Mr Riddle, I'm afraid you'll have to go now, our visiting hours are well and truly over. You can come back and check on your girlfriend tomorrow morning," she said, gesturing to the exit with a sweet smile.He froze at the words and for a brief moment, uncharacteristically didn't know what to say back. Immediately he felt uncomfortable, although he wasn't sure why. Usually, something as menial and absurd as an incorrect comment wouldn't bother him. But it did, and the amusement he found in Eleanor's forced institutionalisation fell from his face and was replaced with a tense jaw.Eleanor's eyes widened as she stared at them from the bed and couldn't help but let out a loud scoff at the incredibly misplaced comment. Embarrassment crept up through her and a blush found her pale cheeks.
  When hell freezes over.
Tom seemed to gather himself back together, recovering from the brief moment of incapacitation. He straightened his back and a cruel smirk made its way to his face. In the corner of his eye, he noticed Eleanor, who was gaping at them in flushed embarrassment."Yes, Madame Fenella thank you," he finally acknowledged her in his prim Head Boy voice.With a devilish smirk on his lips and a mocking glare, Tom turned his head to regard Eleanor, sitting on the closest hospital bed, still completely bewildered."Good night darling, try not to kill yourself tonight eh? Although if you do, be a good girl and use the astronomy tower - it might be more effective this time," his tone was laced in sarcasm and it sent a wave of anger rushing through Eleanor."Yes, very funny", Eleanor sneered at his teasing, sending him a cold glare. Of course, Tom managed to find a moment to bask in the smug joy of her complete and utter discomfort.And with that he left her in the wing, not offering anything in farewell.
  She hated him. 

  Maybe.

  ***
When Eleanor woke, she felt as if she had been run down by the Hogwarts express repeatedly overnight. There was a stiffness in her throat, a bruised pang at her ribcage and a weight that sunk behind her eyes. Her head spun as she adjusted herself to look at the time on the clock above the nursing station.
  11:00am

  Shit.
Groaning, realisation washed over her that she had missed at least three classes. Eleanor knew she didn't have to actually care about her OWLs, after all, her very short life had no dependence on their outcome. But the flame of her competitive streak seemed to burn when it came to her work and she really didn't want to miss an opportunity to top a class she could. After all, anything to wipe the smug grin off Tom Riddle's face would be worth more than gold to her. In fact, of the few things Eleanor could manage to find joy in, perhaps that prospect was the greatest. As she sat up, a distinct ache began pulsing in the back of her head and she momentarily winced at the pain. Perhaps it was her muddled mind reacting to the loaded antidepressants that Madame Fenella gave her, or maybe it was just her body catching up with yesterday's events. "Ahhh good morning love, are you feeling?" a chirpy Scottish accent called out to her that seemed misplaced for Eleanor's sleepy disposition.
  Clara's agony stricken face flashed into her mind. 
"Fine," she replied, but her gravely voice and deep grimace gave the lie away immediately.A cold wrinkled hand pressed upon her forehead and the light of a wand shone into her left eye."Mmm. I'm not sure if 'fine' is the word I'd use, lassy...""Really? Because I think you've cured me - honestly, I feel better than ever. You really are a fantastic healer..." Eleanor tried her best to adopt her own chirpy tone and gave Madame Fenella a sweet smile. But the woman's eyes remained searching her face, the same concern showing in the fading curve of her lips. 
  Her mind was flooded with Belgaire Argyle's haunting grin and wild stare.
"Mmmm, I think you need another night. Here..." she handed her a small goblet of water and a small pill, "take these, have a nap and then I'll reassess."Eleanor took the small yellow tablet with a sip of water and looked agonisingly for the second time at the clock. She knew how pathetic it was that she had come to the point of rather being class, but alas here she was.As Madam Fenella began to leave, she turned back with a gasp, as if remembering something important."Oh dear I forgot to tell you, your wee boyfriend dropped you off a gift this morning, I put it on the table," she said with a cheery tone that made her feel sick.
  What?
"Tom was here?" she asked the woman in complete disbelief. Why would he bother coming to see her? Suddenly she became extremely aware of the ugly pyjamas she was wearing and imagined the feral state of her complexion.
  Not that she cared what he thought. Not really.
"Oh yes, he's a fine man Miss Grindelwald, you've chosen well. And might I say- very handsome..." she giggled in a way that only a grandmother would and sent her a cheeky grin before leaving.
  A handsome pain in her arse perhaps. 
Eleanor let out a small groan momentarily closing her eyes and burying her face in her hands.  Slowly she gathered the courage to look at the small item on the table beside her. It was a wooden box, that had intricate patterns of snakes carved into the face.She couldn't help but wonder if it was a bomb. After all, what a hilariously apt gift to give someone that made you jump into the Black Lake on a Winter's afternoon and give them mouth to mouth. Eleanor imagined his disgusted face as he resuscitated her and let out a small giggle at his expense. She took great pleasure in being the source of his discomfort and in this way, they were indeed very similar.Picking up the box, she grazed her fingers over the carved surface, admiring the intricate detail of the scaled creatures etched into it. The box felt heavy and tinkered a little, giving her the impression it was fragile. Momentarily putting the threat of the bomb aside, she opened the small clasp on the front and lifted the wooden lid.At the top was a small piece of parchment, that read:
  Don't be stupid and use it all at once.
She removed the parchment to reveal four rows of neatly arranged vials of blue liquid lined the inside of the box. Taking one of the small glass vials out of the slots, she held it up, admiring the small white fluffy clouds that floated in the potion.She couldn't help but smile at the gift, revealing the deep dimples in her pale cheeks. Although it was what they agreed upon in exchange for her assistance with the ring, it felt almost...thoughtful. And she was in no position to be sending back something that actually gave her an ounce of sanity. She shook the ridiculous notion of gratitude out of her head, but couldn't quite wipe the expression of happiness off her face as she appreciated the box once more.A small knock sounded at the entrance of the empty hospital wing that startled her from the moment. She looked up to see Bertie McLaggan dressed in his dirty crimson quidditch uniform holding a large bouquet of roses at his side."May I come in?" he asked with a sheepish smile."Bertie, what a surprise..." she greeted him, once again eyeing the extravagant flowers in his hand. "Please, sit..." she patted the patch of bed in front of her and gave him a warm smile.
  Her sister's guttural scream sounded in her ears and it took everything in her not to react. She pushed the nauseating memory from her mind. 
He strode over to her quickly, planting himself on the bed and giving her appearance a once over with a concerned expression. Immediately, she realised he was assessing her psychological state."Oh Merlin... who knows?" she asked him with a groan. He wasn't in her DADA class, but by the looks of his expression, he had been given a vivid recount."Unfortunately, most of the school...those Hufflepuffs love a gossip, you're not the most popular person around these parts are you?" 
  Fuck.
"No, not particularly...are those roses for my funeral because I think I might as well die of embarrassment."He offered her a small pitied laugh and handed them to her. The overly sweet smell engulfed her senses and she sighed in response."You didn't have to Bertie, but thank you, they're beautiful." Although, this was a lie and she had always detested red roses. She thought them tacky and overdone, but the gesture was so kind she would never let him know."Beautiful roses for a beautiful girl," he replied as pink flushed to his cheeks. They both laughed awkwardly at the corniness of the comment. "Sorry, that was awful, ah...I actually came - not only to see how you are of course - but to ask you something..." Bertie admitted diverging his eye contact from her to the ground."Well, I'm all ears...""I was actually wondering if you would do me the pleasure of accompanying me to the Yule Ball. I know you probably have a date already...and I made a complete arse out of myself at the Slug Club... but I would really love to take you, Eleanor, if you're free of course" he began blurting out. She cut him off."Bertie that would be lovely," she accepted, sending him a sweet, beaming smile.A look of surprise came over his boyish features and he started to laugh in slight relief at her response. "Great! Fantastic. Well, I'll pick you up at 7 then from the Slytherin common room on Saturday night?""I promise I'll be wearing something less heinous than whatever these are," Eleanor joked, gesturing to the high collar of her pyjama shirt.
  Clara's baby blue dress soaked in a pool of blood.
He laughed, nervously rubbing the back of his neck and nodded. Slowly, as if regaining an inch of confidence, he leant down to her, took her hand and gave it a chaste kiss.She internally cringed at the notion but did her best to grin through it, allowing the distraction from her own thoughts. After Bertie went, she took another pill for good measure and picked up the book that she managed to Accio from her dorm room while Fenella had been on lunch. It was one of her favourites that she never seemed to fail to reread with the same enthusiasm as the first time. She picked up where she left off, not in the mind frame to reflect on what had happened 24 hours ago. Time passed as the day weaned on and sleep didn't seem to come, she read on until one passage struck her:
  "I cannot make speeches, Emma...If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more. But you know what I am. You hear nothing but truth from me. I have blamed you, and lectured you, and you have borne it as no other woman in England would have borne it."
Sighing she threw the book onto the bed, not quite sure why the paragraph affected her as it did. But alas, she spent the next 15 minutes processing the words. It was a situation completely out of her understanding. At first, it seemed odd that it was notable to her at all. She detested the concept of marriage and knew that she would never truly find love before she ended her life in less than a year, but there was something about it that shook her. Maybe, it was that she knew things like this didn't actually happen in real life. Her life was embellished with unimaginable variations of pain and violence. But Emma's was not. Perhaps it was simply the undeniable pleasure of a happy ending. Eleanor thought, if she wasn't able to be afforded one, at least in her books she could feel for a moment what one was like.And with that realisation, she nodded off to sleep.
  ***
"Oh god, it's bad enough that she's been locked away, but they haven't even allowed her to do her hair? Simply criminal of them..." a high pitched whisper sounded."Shhhh""I'm just saying..."Eleanor's eyes crept open at the onset of quiet conversation around her. To her surprise, the room was dark and alit by the several torches on the walls and a crowd of six anxious people huddled around her bed. "Nor! How are you?" Ezra's green eyes met with hers as he crouched down to her eye level and he placed a warm hand on top of her own. "Ez!" she grinned back at him, coming into full consciousness. As she sat upright and adjusted herself she was elated to find the faces of Ezra Rosier, Theodore Lestrange, Ludo Avery, Charlotte Black, Mabel Greengrass and of course, Octavia. "Grindelwald, this place is ghastly. Blink twice if you need us to break you out," Theodore offered in a low voice, before handing her an impossibly large bouquet of pink orchids. She laughed, blinking dramatically at him and took the flowers with joy adding them to her collection of gifts on the small table next to her.
  The deranged glare of Belgaire Argyle as the cruciatus came down on her. The feeling of her skull cracking into immeasurable pieces, spilling the remnants of her consciousness on the floor.
"Darling really, how are you? We've been worried sick!" Octavia cooed, coming to sit on the foot of the bed with a concerned look in her eye."I'm fine, promise. I really have no idea why I'm here actually it all seems very absurd," Eleanor replied, her voice was controlled and seemed almost too perky. 
  Bloodstained hands.
Octavia just nodded, not convinced in the slightest, but gave her a reassuring smile and a squeeze of the hand anyway."When do you suppose you'll be let out?" Charlotte asked from the end of the bed head. "Not until tomorrow. Madame Fenella wants to make sure I'm not going to off myself anytime soon.""Well, you simply must be out tomorrow because we have an appointment in Hogsmeade with a seamstress..." Octavia reminded her sternly as if it was the singularly most important thing on the planet. If Bertie hadn't already asked her earlier, she would have decided not to go at all. However, the importance of cultivating a relationship with him trumped anything else that could sway her.They stayed for about an hour, joking, gossiping and cheering her up with stories from class, until they were finally sent home by Madame Fenella. Once the lonely silence of the quiet room settled in, Eleanor became inexplicably grateful for her friends. She couldn't help but realise as they sat there, shaking with laughter,  that she had never actually had friends before Hogwarts. Aside from Clara obviously and the occasional family-friends in Italy, they had been her first ever companions.
  Clara pleading for mercy, thrashing wildly on the floor.
And her last. 
  ***
Eleanor sighed with joy as the sun shone down with apricity and the cold air kissed her face. After two nights in the hospital wing, she never wanted to be in bed ever again and was happy to be out in the wild of the Scottish countryside. The walk to Hogsmeade was always picturesque, but this time, Eleanor took the moment to appreciate the small things. Her boots crunched against the freshly snow-covered grass and a small deer skipped long in the distance. She couldn't help but smile. Maybe it was the antidepressants. Actually, come to think of it, it was definitely the antidepressants. Nevertheless, she savoured the feeling while it still lasted. As Octavia and Eleanor ended the small main strip in the village, they came to a pale pink shop front with a large sign that read 'Hébert's Haberdashery and Needleworking'. They opened the rickety wooden door, and the chant of a little bell rang as they entered. "Ah Miss Malfoy! Miss Grindelwald! How lovely to see you!" a small woman dressed in an eccentric black robe with a thick french accent greeted them."Morning, Madame Hébert," Octavia replied cheerily, evidently excited for the fitting. She was coming to pick up her dress, something that had been designed well before today. The Yule Ball was - unbeknownst to Eleanor - an exceptionally significant school social event, especially considering it was their final year. And so naturally, Octavia had been planning for months. Madame Hébert lead them into a grand room which was covered in racks of dramatic gowns and rolls of intricate fabrics. Octavia sat on the plush velvet sofa in the middle, taking a sip of the champagne that was poured for her."Oh, you've outdone yourself this time!" Octavia's voice was overcome with glee as the small woman brought out a powder blue gown, embellished with small blue petal-like accents on the sleeves. It was like something from a dream, with the embellished sheer fabric arranged softly over a fitting silk blue underdress. "Have a look and see if you like anything off the rack moi chérie, there won't be time to make something from scratch for tomorrow, I'm afraid..." she said, gesturing to the enormous selection that cladded the walls.Looking over the many choices, Eleanor felt overwhelmed, to say the least. Her eye caught a sparkly black gown with small silver embellishments that looked like stars. It was slim fitting but still allowed for flow and had sheer short sleeves that fluttered around the arms."Oh yes try on that one!" Octavia squealed excitedly.Eleanor put it on, not daring to look at herself in the mirror and came out.Octavia's sharp features turned into a disappointed frown and she sighed, not convinced of the sight before her."Too conservative I think."Eleanor wanted to say that she didn't care if it was conservative or the most suggestive gown in all of history. She simply just needed something that fit, but Octavia enjoyed these things - and deep down - the old Eleanor did too. She just wasn't here today. "Try this one moi chérie, the fabric was embroidered in France and the tone is very chic..." Madame Hébert swept a buttercream yellow gown in front of her. The affront of masses of tulle and lace at the bodice seemed to bring a scrunch to Eleanor's nose. "Perhaps too...romantic," she declined, choosing her words carefully so as to not offend the kind woman in front of her. After trying on - and declining - no less than twelve gowns, she was beginning to feel as if there wasn't anything in the whole of the shop for her."Mmmm okay, let me think..." Octavia's fingers searched the gowns on the rack, occasionally setting her eyes on one for a lingering amount of time. "We need something established, but sexy. Something...tailored but grand. No lace I think, maybe a bold colour instead...Oh!...Eleanor, you must try this!" Octavia drawled in an adoring tone as she pulled out a scarlet red, strapless gown from the rack and held it up, twirling it as she did with a triumphant grin. Eleanor would be lying if she wasn't slightly admiring the garment, and how the large skirt seemed to swish gracefully as Octavia twirled it. 
  Well, at least it was Bertie's colour.  
Pulling the mass of fabric over her head, the almost sheer bodice wrapped around her waist tightly, sinching it in,  before dramatically flaring out into an array of crimson folded tulle to the floor. It was definitely bold, but it seemed to be appropriate and the way the tulle moved as she walked added an extra bounce of life to her drained body. "Oh, Merlin Eleanor Margaret Grindelwald. That man is going to simply want nothing more than to ravish you in that dress," she said with a low, serious tone laced with a little champagne-fuelled dramaticism. 
  Let's hope so. 
She let out a small giggle at her overreaction but as she gazed daringly into the mirror for the first time today, she was surprisingly overcome with the beauty of the dress. It was so vivid in colour and striking in shape, she couldn't help but love it. A short stop into a few stores to buy some Christmas presents and 2000 galleons later, she was walking home with a large black dress box enchanted to follow behind her. And at least for a single moment as she walked with her cousin back to the castle, she was happy. 
  
    Chapter Text
     
  "Men are afraid that women will laugh at them,

  Women are afraid that men will kill them"

  -Margaret Atwood
 
  ***
  
  

  "Clara wait for me!" Eleanor sounded after her sister as she ran through the bustling crowd beaming with excitement. Her sister's pace didn't slow and she only heard a fit of giggles in response fall from Clara's lips as they made their way into the middle of the ballroom. Rounding the corner, they joined the two lines forming in response to the gradual beginning of the cotillion music sounding from the ceiling.

  They say Michaelangelo painted the fresco and enchanted the ceiling to be an 'orchestra of angels', forever filling the room with the sounds of jovial classics. It depicted an array of cherubs with many instruments, flying into the cloud covered sky and sending their heavenly chorus down to the earth.

  Eleanor giggled as she held up a flat palm to Clara's and tried to ignore the seething looks from her father in the crowd. His dark features knitted into an expression laced with exasperated annoyance. It was, after all, the grandfather's annual ball to celebrate 'the cause' and they were warned not to put a foot out of place. However, as she glance over at her mother, she simply smiled. Always managing to find joy in their own and not caring about the social etiquette they were breaking.

  They knew they were not meant to dance with each other, the rules in European society were quite strict and mandated that dance partners had to be male a female pair, both over the age of sixteen. But there was nothing Clara wanted more than to dance like the ladies she admired and restricting her from that simple joy seemed wrong to Eleanor. As Clara beamed up at her in unattainable excitement, the music began and the choreography of the cotillion they practised all summer, was finally put to good use.
Eleanor was pulled out of the memory as she watched Octavia and Mabel practice their own choreographed waltz in their dorm room. Mabel kept stepping on Octavia's toes and every time she did, the room burst into girlish laughter as her cousin shrieked.But Eleanor was a thousand miles away, drowning in her past."Why don't you get dressed Eleanor and then I'll do your hair..." Octavia commanded at her from the middle of the room. Today was Octavia's day, it was like watching a Queen prepare for a coronation. She was militant about everything being absolutely perfect, right down to the scheduling of hair and makeup. There was even a large piece of parchment stuck to the door detailing everyone's dresses, accessories and dates. If it wasn't so adorable perhaps it would be scary. Eleanor simply nodded and made her way to the lavatory. The ice-cold water of the shower felt like ecstasy against her skin and she sighed as the scent of her lavender soap filled the air around her. All-day she had been trying to prepare for the events that would unfold tonight. There was no room for mistakes and she needed to be strategically perfect in order to keep Bertie on the path she wanted him on. She would give everything to him tonight if it meant that he would invite her to the Aurors For Peace Ball in the summer - and that included her body.An uneasy sigh escaped from her lips as she thought about the notion of seducing him. At that moment, her virginity hung over her like a curse. But she had read enough books and heard enough chatter to know what to do. Or at least, to have the confidence to pretend and hope that Bertie was drunk enough not to mind her fumbling. There was at least the experience of a dalliance with a Russian wizard from a noble family at a ball last year, but that was simply kisses and heated touches in a broom closet.This was something else and she was determined to see it through.She gazed down at the scars that were etched into her stomach and hips and a painful reminder of the curse that gave them to her sharply entered her mind.'This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald,' Belgaire Argyle's slithering voice filled her head.She pushed it away, focusing on counting the tiles in front of her instead. There was no room for distractions tonight. 
  ***
She slipped on a pair of thin white lacey underwear and tried not to focus on the less than desirable state of her body. Eaten up by the sadness within her, her flesh seemed tight and gaunt.The dress seemed to adjust itself to her size as she felt it pull into her waist and clip, as it slid down her frame. She felt the gravity of the billowing skirt weigh her down significantly and she looked to the sea of gathered tulle that created a wide-stretching ring around her form. As she looked into the mirror, once again she was reminded of the eery feeling of a stranger looking back at her.Octavia had curled her hair into elegant waves that framed her face. Her pale skin was blemishless and blush had been added to her cheeks to give her more colour. Somehow, Octavia managed to even make her dull blue eyes sparkle a little - but she swore it was just a good mascara charm. As she descended the stairs of the common room, she was met with the silenced chatter of the gathered Slytherins and her eyes fell to the floor as she avoided the stares in her direction. Eleanor was sure that the rumour mill would get a kick out of the 'mad, tortured girl' that lost her shit in Defense Against the Dark Arts trying to act sane in a ballgown. She dragged herself quickly through the crowd and exited the common room, and a pang of nervousness hit her in the stomach as she anticipated the larger crowd that lay await. Mabel had offered her a 'pick me up' which was a delightful cocktail of vodka and a mood-lifting potion. Judging by the anxiety she was feeling - it was yet to kick in.She squinted slightly as Bertie's form leaning on the wall of the corridor came into her vision. He had his back faced to her and was dressed in fine tuxedo robes that made him look strikingly taller and older than ever before."Very brave for a Gryffindor to be around these parts...." Eleanor sounded from behind him with a smirk.He spun around quickly and his boyish face was filled with a look of astonished happiness as he took her beauty in. Bertie made an awkward stammering attempt at greeting her but it muddled and turned into a nervous laugh."Eleanor you look...simply divine," he picked her up by the waist and spun her around in excitement. She took this opportunity to look up at him through her lashes and place a suggestively soft kiss on his cheek, lingering by his lips."Thank you, Bertie.""You know we could just skip the ball and go back to my room..." he hummed with a cheeky smile.Eleanor let out a surprised giggle and swatted him on the shoulder before taking his arm and looping her own in it. Mabel's potion was beginning to take effect and she could feel the lightness spread through her bloodstream."Don't be naughty, good things come to boys who wait..." she drawled at him in a tone that sounded like velvet.He simply chuckled and shook his head in disbelief as he lead them to the Great Hall.A look of wonderment overcame her as she took in the beauty of the hall which had bewitched into the most decadent ballroom. It was decorated with tapestries, ice sculptures and somehow captured the picture of a perfect Winter.As Eleanor strolled deeper into the ballroom, her arm wrapped in Berties, she noticed the gazes from the crowd on them. It was a similar feeling to the way they looked at them in Slug Club, full of captivated admiration. It was as if Bertie was somehow the Minister of Magic already and she - by extension was looked upon with commendable favour. This, of course, felt extremely foreign to her and had to extinguish the wave of discomfort that rushed through her.However, as her mind processed the oddness, she came to the realisation that the root of their approval was in the assumption Bertie 'saved' her from her wretched past and her unfortunate name. She couldn't help but grit her teeth in response to the irony of it all. Eleanor didn't need to be saved by them, she needed to be feared. Somehow, this sent a wave of energy into her and fuelled her act. Subconsciously, her grip on Bertie's arm tightened and she sent him a doting look with wide, innocent eyes."You know, I think we might be in the midst of generating some gossip," Bertie commented with a chuckle, looking over the beady eyes of the parting crowd. "Well... who doesn't love the drama of star crossed lovers?" she replied silkily, but she wasn't sure he entirely knew the reference to the lovers of fair Verona. Instead, he leaned in tightly and whispered in her ear."Shall we give them something real to talk about?" he asked, his hands finding a place in the small of his waist. A faint smell of whiskey lingered on his breath. She smiled, unsure of what exactly he was referring to.Suddenly, without hesitation, he leaned in and kissed her with hunger burning behind his touch. Instinctively, she wanted to pull back and grimace at the unwanted affection. But she was reminded of her mission and so, against her better judgement, deepened the kiss. It wasn't exactly suitable for ballroom etiquette standards. His hands wove around her waist, clutching it tightly and leaving no room between their bodies before one made its way up to the nape of her neck. From the other side of the ballroom, a group of tuxedo-clad Slytherins watched in mild disgust and confusion. Theodore Lestrange was first to comment, splashing his drink in a dramatic whirl."What the fuck does he think he's doing?" his tone was laced with revulsion and his eyebrow hitched sharply on his face."I think it's sweet, she's absolutely stunning and he's a very fine man. It's a good match..." sounded his date - Esther Lennon's soft demure voice from beside him. He just turned to her and scoffed in bewilderment."Such a bloody Hufflepuff..." he scolded her, earning a cheeky wink back from the pretty strawberry haired girl. "Sometimes opposites attract, no?""I say we let her have some fun, he seems to be making her smile and whatever does that these days I'm thankful for," Ezra chimed in, glancing at the striking figure buried into the arms of Bertie from across the room.Tom didn't say anything and instead, opted to light a cigarette with a scowl. It was a terrible display of empty affection to him and he could see right through Eleanor's charade. But somehow, the sight still bothered him. He couldn't help but feel offended at the way he clutched at her waist, it seemed altogether inappropriate and sickening."Well, as long as she has some sort of romance on the horizon I'm happy. Mother won't shut up about finding her a suitor, plus, he is quite handsome." Octavia crooned, begrudgingly admitting the final part. Abraxas practically spat in disgust, "The Malfoy name will never be besmirched by her marrying that McLaggan fool Octavia. Have some sense, she needs someone more respected than that muggle whoring sewer rat." "Coming from the man that hasn't managed to find a girlfriend or even bring a date to the ball. Don't you think you're a little unqualified to offer your opinion?" Octavia quipped back at him.He sneered at her and Charlotte instinctively looked down, now focusing entirely on the tiles. When Eleanor finally pulled away Bertie looked at her in a way she had never seen him before, with a fire in his eyes that could burn the castle down. Slowly he released his grip on her and lead her into the middle of the floor to join the waltz."Can I get you a glass of champagne?" he offered and she nodded, a little taken aback at what she had just let happen. Watching him disappear from the crowd, she felt a figure stand next to her."How sweet you two are..." Felix DuPont's nasally sharp voice filled the air close by. She turned around in surprise to see the red-headed boy she cursed in duelling practice. A sneer was plasted on his face but his eyes gave uninterrupted confidence that made her want to back away."Felix" she groaned in a flat voice, "to what do I owe this pleasure?". Instantly, regretting leaving Bertie's side, she didn't bother to give him the satisfaction of eye contact.He chuckled and his glare grazed over her figure like a sharp knife."Oh, I just came to see if you were alright...That was quite a display in Defense Against the Dark Arts on Wednesday. You looked positively...inconsolable."The taunting nature of his words threatened her anger and she tried to control the reflex of rage that bubbled inside of her."Yes well, that's what torture does to you, not that I'd expect you would understand...""I have to hand it to you Grindelwald, it was quite an incredible charade, charming a boggart like that. Must've been dark magic, I've never seen anything like it..."Eleanor let out a scoff at his insinuation, "You think I enchanted the Boggart to...trick people?" she spat out at him in astonishment."You really are your grandfather's daughter Eleanor, willing to steep so low, tell me - are you completely absent of morality?""You know nothing about me Felix..." she whispered back through gritted teeth."I know you're a spy," he cut in, looking at her like she was Lucifer himself, "Tell me, how long did you expect the whole school to believe that your enrolment here was nothing more than a happy coincidence?""Trust me Felix, there's nowhere I'd rather be than anywhere but here..."He shook his head with a harsh grin, "I'm watching you Grindelwald...and your pack of snakes too...Mark my words, one wrong move and you'll be on trial at the Ministry..."Eleanor snapped, finally having enough of his veiled threats and instinctively reached for her wand, kicking herself when he realised it had been left in the dorm. Finally just as she did, Bertie came back to her with a glass of champagne and sent an alarming look between the two of them, gauging the hostility that engulfed them."Ah...Can I help you Felix?" he asked, sensing the anger radiating off him. His head snapped up to him and his grimace was replaced with a proud smirk."No, I was just offering my deepest condolences to your lovely Eleanor," he responded, suddenly all venom in voice retracted.She rolled her eyes, taking the champagne from her date's hands. "Enjoy your evening," he dismissed them, going back to a pack of Gryffindors by the bar.Bertie's concerned eyes looked over Eleanor as she glared at the red-headed boy disappearing into the crowd."Oh no, what did he say?" Bertie asked slightly shocked, not used to seeing her so furious.She gathered herself together, ignoring the anger that bit at her tongue and turned with a silky smile to the boy. "I think he might be jealous of me being on the arm of the Griffindor quidditch captain. I might have some competition..." she laughed softly, sending him into a fit of hysterics.She took a sip of champagne and watched as the boy fell for her.
  ***
After an hour of dancing and many drinks, Eleanor spotted Ezra from the crowd, sitting at one of the tables with a few others. She made her way over to him, the dramatic skirt of her dress swishing as she walked, somehow commanding a sense of power as it did."Well if it isn't the traitor!" Ezra cooed at her with a grin, standing up to give her a kiss on the cheek."Did you miss me?" she giggled as he twirled her around, admiring her gown."You know, I've never felt more tempted to experiment in heterosexuality..."She giggled as she sat down at the table, eying Ludo, Caspian and Theodore who sat with them."Tell me, love, where's McLaggan? Did you finally come to your senses and ditch the fucker?" Lestrange called cheekily from the other end of the table."If you must know, he's off taking official quidditch portraits. Where's Esther Lennon? Has she finally come to her senses and ditched you?" she jeered at him, earning a laugh from the others."Actually no, Esther is more fun than I thought. She's off smoking on the balcony with her friends, but she'll be back" he replied, with a hint of triumph in his voice."You like her!" Eleanor observed excitedly in a teasing voice.He scoffed loudly, turning his nose in the air."Darling, don't be daft. She's nothing more than a pretty little thing that I'm going to drag into my bed tonight."His lie dripped through the forced nonchalance of his voice and Eleanor just shook her head and giggled."How are you?" Ezra whispered over to her, searching her face for any falter in her appearance."Never better" she responded, sending him a cheeky wink as she sipped another drink that Ludo had put in front of her. He seemed to buy the lie and relaxed into his chair, letting Ludo wrap an arm around his back. Ezra sunk into with a small smile.She glanced over to survey the ballroom, as she did, she caught the eye of Tom Riddle, who was entertaining a group of pretty women by the side of the room. As always, he was dressed impeccably, somehow managing to make the standard tuxedo robe look just as polished as he was. His dark hair fell into an organised mess over his face and a taunting smirk was plastered on his lips. Amongst them, was the petite blonde 'Ava' who was draped in a mint green silk dress and was laughing wildly at something he was saying. Clearly, he knew how to be a ladies' man when he wanted to be. Quickly, she averted her eye contact and looked down at her glass, embarrassed that he caught her staring."Her name's Ava Carrow, she's a sixth year Slytherin," Ludo commented, watching her gaze fall from the boy."I don't care..." Eleanor scoffed, taking the cigarette from Theodore's hand and breathing in a long drag."No, of course not," Ezra laughed at her."Honestly, why don't the two of you just fuck and get over each other?" Theodore drawled from beside her."You have no idea what you're talking about.""Trust me darling, if there's one thing I do know, it's when two people should have sex," he replied with a matter-of-fact aristocratic tone."Incoming..." Ludo warned with an amused smile, glancing over Eleanor's head.She turned around to see Bertie, making his way over to her with two glasses in his hand. Excusing herself, she went to meet him, sparing him the insults that the boys at the table would have undoubtedly hurled his way if he had approached. "Sorry, those portraits take forever," he groaned, handing her a goblet of a sweet-smelling liquid and offering her an apologetic smile."What's this?" she asked, smelling the drink. The scent of dark cherry and honey filled her nose and she sighed in delight."Just a little something the Gryffindors are sneaking into the beverage options..." She took a sip and it tasted like nothing she had ever had in her life. It was thick and sweet but the cherry flavour added a delicious sour twinge to it."My goodness, it's wonderful. Us Slytherin's just drink straight spirits, I have to come to more Griffindor parties it seems..." she giggled, letting the liquid wash down her throat."Shall we have another dance?" he offered, putting down his drink at a nearby table and extending his arm out to her. Before accepting, she took another sip.As they whirled onto the floor, a charged bound of foxtrot music filled the air from the orchestra. There was something freeing about the moment and as Bertie whipped her around the dancefloor, she leaned into the feeling of lightness that pervaded through her body. For a moment, she felt as if she might be floating.   Eleanor laughed as he dipped her low and sent a rush of blood into her head. As she spun, dipped and twirled, things became more difficult to distinguish as if it was slowly blurring all into one. But the feeling of the momentum of the dance kept her moving, until they slowed and strangely, her blurred vision did not stop.In response to this, she stumbled and he took her back onto the floor, sweeping her into another flurry of movements. She began to feel numbness pervade her and she attempted to look over to Bertie but found it hard to move her neck."Bertie, I...I don't feel well..." she admitted slowly as if having to think through the words that left her mouth with care. Her lips felt numb, almost disconnected to her body and her tongue felt like a foreign entity. He looked at her analytically, searching her face and nodded, leading her off the floor. He sat her down in a chair and stroked her face with concern in his eyes."Are you okay Eleanor?""Everything is..." she began to feel like she was half asleep and slumped against his hand on her cheek, "I think I've had too much..." she attempted to explain again, but it was like the words wouldn't come out of her mouth."How about we go somewhere quieter?" he offered to her with a sympathetic tone, helping her up by taking an arm around her and walking her out of the Great Hall. He led her across the castle, to a low window frame that was nestled into an isolated stone staircase. The abandoned wing was as quiet as mouse. She put her head in her hands and winced at the discomfort of the whirling of her mind."I'm sorry...I...I didn't mean to..." she forced out, but it was staggered and slurred.He put a hand in hers and pulled it down to her lap, she instinctively looked up at him but found no hint of sympathy in his face. Instead, the same look of hunger was pasted on his complexion."You were such a tease tonight...did you really think I was going to let you get away with that Eleanor?" he chuckled menacingly, all of the sudden shedding all of his boyish awkwardness."What?" she asked him, her eyebrows knitting together and her head swaying slightly to the side. Anxiety crept through her and settled in her stomach. Something was happening but her state of mind couldn't quite comprehend it."Don't worry, you won't remember in the morning," he whispered with a chuckle, dragging his thumb over her plump lips. Bertie leaned in and kissed her ferociously like he was starved for her and began dragging his free hand up the tulle valley of her dress.
  Oh no.
"No..Bertie...Please..." she tried to refuse him, attempting to gather the strength to push him off her. But it was no use, and her refusal seemed to invite him closer."Come on darling, you were simply asking for it before...and now I'm delivering." He was struggling to navigate his way up the dress as she fought back with small wriggles and suddenly, he pulled away with a grimace full of annoyance on his face."This dress is going to have to be altered," he said with one hand on her forearm holding her down and the other, now on his wand. There was a slicing sound as he performed a charm that cut the fabric of the skirt into a large slit down her thigh like a knife. She felt a faint seething of pain in her thigh, but couldn't move her neck to look down."Bertie. Stop! It...hurts!" she managed, but he wasn't listening. He was too busy looking at the accidental long slice he made into her creamy white thigh as he cut the dress with a little too much force of his wand."Never mind that, we'll fix it up soon, try to stop wriggling and you might even find you enjoy it..." He picked her up and pressed her against the wall. Her back slammed against the cold stone and it sent her into a furthered foggy state of mind. With force, his lips crashed into hers again and she tasted blood in the exchange of their saliva."P...Please..." she began, a tear coming down her cheek and she forced herself forward again, against his grip. But in response, he wrapped a rough hand around her mouth, pressing her head to the wall and began to sweep her skirt to the side, before pausing, seeing the lacy white underwear."Well, well, well...you were planning on giving me a good time weren't you?" he chuckled and he began to force them down."No!" she attempted to scream, but it came out as a muffled whisper against his hand. Then, all of the sudden, she gathered the strength to bite down hard on the flesh of his palm. As she did, she drew blood and he let out a guttural scream and lurched back."You little cunt!" he glowered at her, looking at his hand. Realising that she didn't have a wand, she began to descend the stairs, although her legs felt wobbly and her vision was clouded still. As Eleanor got to the bottom, a hand gripped into her hair and she halted with a scream."Get off me!" she screamed, consciousness beginning to seep back into her as she fought against his hand again. He pulled her tighter and this time and pushed her into the wall with her back facing his violent body. She felt him reach closely into her. "Listen you little slut, this is all your fault," he spat into her ear, slamming his body onto hers.This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald. Belgaire Argyle's face entered her mind and she let out another scream, earning her face to be pushed more into the scratchy stone wall. 
  And something in her snapped. 
"No! No..." she protested, with more tears falling from her welled eyes as she felt him pull up her dress from behind and begin to drag down her underwear. At this moment of distraction, she drew her elbow out in front of her and then brought it back hard onto his nose. Hearing a satisfying breaking sound, he once again fell back - but this time onto the floor."You crazy fucking bitch!" he screamed up at her and she quickly hiked up her underwear and scattered away from him. "What the fuck is wrong with you?" His face was bloody and broken, but it didn't hide the terrifying snarl on his lips. As he began to get up, Eleanor bolted down the stairs like a wild animal and started for the corridor below. She could hear him running frantically after her and was trying to ignore the remnants of the blur that pervaded her vision. Almost tripping, she rounded the corner putting some distance between them with her speed. Eleanor didn't know how long she had been running for, but she couldn't help feel the sting of the wound on her leg as she did.She was almost at the ground floor, flinging open doors and running past random drunken students with their tongues down each other's throats. As she rounded the next corner, she ran face-first into a hard chest. In her adrenaline rush, she didn't even look up and simply started to run again, but they caught her hand in a hard grip and pulled her back."Grindelwald?" a familiar low voice sounded.Her terrified eyes looked up at Tom's, which were clouded with darkened concern and he arched a brow in confusion. She let out a whimper as she looked at the door she came from, expecting Bertie to burst in at any moment."I need to go, please!" she screamed at him, breathing in and out too quickly. But he didn't let go of her and simply dragged his icy stare over her ripped dress, bloody thigh, teary eyes and messy hair."Who did this to you?" he asked her, his tone was dark and violent. But she couldn't answer him and another whirl of blur caused her to stumble into his arms. She couldn't find her feet to leave, releasing a dam of tears onto his tuxedo jacket. His question went unanswered. The truth was, she couldn't tell him - because Eleanor never wanted to say his name again. After hesitating for a moment, he lightly wrapped his arms around her, feeling her tighten into him as he did.Tom didn't quite understand why he was doing it. In fact, he had no idea what to do in the moment, but it felt oddly right. "He's coming. I need to..." she whispered in a haunted voice against his chest, attempting to break free from his form. And she began to breathe rapidly again, with a fresh dose of panic in her veins."Look at me," he cut her off in a controlled low voice, attempting to be soft - as insurmountable fury entered him. She looked up at Tom's grave face, shaking slightly and another tear fell as she nodded."He won't hurt you, I promise." His voice was hard and low and if the boy she swore she'd never trust in the world had ever said anything truthful - it was this. But still, her manic eyes travelled once more to the door to check if anyone was there and she whimpered again at the fear. He had never seen her like this. Not even in the aftermath of the Boggart. Not even at the lake. This was different. She was well and truly, immeasurably, broken. And for some reason, he hated it. "Listen, I'm going to take you to somewhere that's safe and then you're going to tell me what happened," he explained, stressfully glaring down at her bedraggled form again, "Can you walk?" his eyes seemed to be fixated on her leg.She nodded, looking to the floor and realising her high heels had come off when she was running. A streak of crimson blood ran down her left thigh and dripped messily onto her foot."Here, lean on me," he commanded, placing her arm around his back and his arm wrapped around her waist.She shivered at the touch. Tom noticed it and grimaced as he drew conclusions why.Taking the back passages, he led her upstairs towards the Room of Requirement. He didn't fail to notice the way she feared every turn of the corridor or the way her breathing was ragged in panic. As he opened the door, he slowly placed her fragile frame onto the sofa. Eleanor simply stared into the fireplace, not daring to relax - trying to process what had happened to her, for her to end up here.
  Why did he do that to her?

  Why didn't she see the signs?

  Was it her fault?
Tom crouched down next to her and put a small bowl of water and cloth onto the table. His fingers skimmed over the long slice on her exposed leg and then touched the cut fabric of the dress - now soaked in blood."Was it McLaggan?" he asked her, not being able to help spitting out his name like it was a curse. Tom began to wipe the warm towel over the bloody wound. She winced and closed her eyes. She couldn't bear to reply. Instead, opting to keep her eyes firmly shut, she took hold of the fabric of his shirt on the shoulder and scrunched it as the pain seared through her."Eleanor..." he began, looking up at the girl from her legs with an intent stare. But he didn't know what to say.Her eyes met his momentarily before shaking her head profusely."I...I can't..." she stammered out in a whisper, fresh tears falling from her eyes. The memories started flooding back to her. He just nodded, carefully treading, afraid that she would snap at any moment. He returned his attention to the wound, now stitching it gently together as he let the hatred for Bertie fill him to the brim with every wave of the wand. She hadn't said it was him, but he knew somehow. Tom watched him from the crowd leading her out of the Great Hall.Regret began to seep into him. He should've gone, something was obviously wrong, he felt it in his bones.But he didn't, he was too proud.When Tom was done stitching the violent slash on her thigh, he waved his hand and the cloth and bowl flew into the roaring fire, incinerating them quickly. He stood up and sat next to her, but at a comfortable distance. Tom began running a stressed hand through his messy raven hair and loosening his bow tie like it was choking him. Eleanor was frozen, rigidly straight, still gazing into the fire.
  Afraid to move.

  Afraid to speak.
"Did he...?" his harsh voice trailed off as he tasted bitterness in his mouth. Instinctively, he ran another hand through his hair. Tom didn't have to finish the sentence for her to know what he was asking.After a moment, she shook her head slightly and another tear graced her cheek.But he may as well have, she thought. After all, she still felt violated in the worst possible way and there's more than one way to take someone's virtue and hers was well and truly gone. He let out a long relieved sigh, releasing a breath he didn't know he was holding onto until now. Despite this, the stress was mounting in him and he pinched the bridge of his nose with his fingers to remain calm. He didn't know what to do and once again, he felt so fucking useless. "I can show you..." she whispered, turning her tired, reddened eyes to him. At first, he didn't understand what she was saying, after all, her state was no situation for expert communication.
  She means Ligilimency.
A surprised expression overtook him and he adjusted to look at her, searching for any sign of reluctance."Are you sure?" he asked her, assessing her every move.She paused before nodding. He wanted to know but she couldn't bring herself to say the words, almost as if when she did, it would validate that they were real. In an attempt to distract herself, she began to trace the fresh cut on her leg noticing how the flesh was jagged and irregular. It would definitely scar and she hated the thought of carrying a piece of tonight around with her forever.Tom sighed, unsure if it was completely right - but his anger got the best of him and he focused on her mind and pushed his way in.The usual tight barrier that prohibited him from seeing anything wasn't there. A thousand images flashed before him and maybe if it was a different person, he would have taken advantage of the moment and looked through them like pages in a book. He liked to do that. Tom would save the moments he found that he could use against them. But not Eleanor. Not now. Tom navigated quickly to the last moments of the ball.
  He watched as she drank the cherry red potion. The way her vision blurred in their dance. Bertie's strong arms dragging her to the quiet second-floor charms stairwell as she stumbled. The way he forced himself on her and shoved his hands up her dress despite her lack of consciousness.
His hands were balled into fists and he was gritting his teeth as the memories flashed before him.
  He heard her protest and he watched him ignore it. He felt the pain as he foolishly cut through her skin as he sliced the skirt of the dress. The way she screamed as he threw her against the wall. He watched him grab her white lacy underwear with his thumbs and laugh.
Venom overtook his bloodstream and he felt sick with rage.
  He watched her bite his hand and saw him curse at her. He felt the rush of fear as she began to scatter away down the stairs. The way he pulled her by the hair and pushed her into the wall violently again. He heard her protest over and over, still feeling the effect of the potion and unable to break free. Finally, the way he pushed up her skirt and pulled down her underwear from behind.
He couldn't watch anymore, he broke off the legilimency and looked down, blinded rage overcoming his mind. His hands were shaking, still balled into fists. He had never felt more murderous, more positively animalistic. Tom wanted to hunt him down, rip every individual nerve away from his body and bleed him slowly to death - all the while casting the cruciatus.
  He needed to find Bertie McLaggan and kill him.
"Please don't leave," a small voice whimpered from next to him. She sensed what he was thinking and couldn't bear the thought of being left alone. The conflict in him was enough to tear his mind apart. He let the guilt wash over him as he heard her broken voice beg for him to stay.
  Something neither of them ever thought would happen.
"I'm going to run you a bath and lock the doors so no one can get in. The entrance only appears to me. I promise I'll only be gone for a bit. I just need to do something... is that okay?" he breathed out, controlling his fury just to the point of softly communicating with her. But she could hear the edge in his voice and it scared her a little.She put a hand on his and it felt like an electric spark exploded between them, "What if he finds me? He's going to be so angry, I've never seen him like that before...I don't even have my wand...I can't be alone with him, please..." she began quickly falling into another fit of panic. His hands met her face and she felt the cold touch of his rings graze her cheeks. She sighed at the sensation, sinking into it and he slowly pulled her head up to face him."Eleanor, listen to me...I would never let that happen." His voice was grave and his tone was deathly serious and the way he was looking at her made her think he was going to lose it if she didn't let him go. Slowly she nodded, closing her eyes again, unable to take the intensity of his stare. As she did, he sighed, trying to control the manic energy reverberating from him and stood up, going into another room she had never seen before. Behind her closed eyes, Eleanor heard the sound of a tap running and in response, her body ached for the warmth of a bath.Tom came out and seemed to be digging in his desk draw for something. After retrieving it he walked over, returned to his seat beside her and handed Eleanor a small vial of yellow liquid."What is it?" she asked in a sceptical tone, in no mood for any more strange drinks from men."It's a toxicity normaliser, it'll help reverse the effects of the potion," he explained, his intense stare was trained on her every move."So it...it was the cherry cocktail...." she realised, whispering out loud. She looked down, feeling stupid, remembering the taste of the delicious sweet flavour running down her throat."I thought I drank too much...I thought it was the pick-me-up I took before I left - that maybe...Maybe I mixed..." she began spilling out her train of thought with a bewildered look in her eyes."You did nothing wrong, Eleanor," he replied slowing each word so she fully comprehended it. He saw how she edged towards blaming herself and somehow his hatred for McLaggan grew even deeper and his rage became greater.But she was too deep in memory to even hear him speak."It's all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald" she whispered, repeating the words that had been said to her too many times. Her eyes welled up with hot tears as an onset of flashes of Belgaire Argyle and Bertie McLaggans assault against her burned into her brain and kept replaying like a carousel of trauma.She lifted her knees into her chest and buried her head into the space between, rocking slightly and ignoring the burn of the wound rubbing against the fabric of her bodice."It's all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald " she whispered again. Just when she thought her body couldn't produce more tears, a fresh tsunami of them erupted from her eyes."Eleanor..." he started with deep concern in his eyes. He didn't know what to do. 
  Was he meant to leave her alone? 

  Say something insightful? 

  Offer her the kill? 

  Comfort her somehow?

  Touch her?
"Why do you keep calling me that?" she asked him, looking up into his eyes and searching for a reason. In her whole time knowing him, she couldn't recollect a single time where he didn't refer to her as 'Grindelwald'. Her first name sounded odd coming off his lips, it was entirely too intimate. Too familiar.  Almost like he was saying a prayer to god. Does the devil pray? Perhaps he does, but she didn't expect it to sound so heavenly when he did.  But Eleanor knew deep down what she hated the most was that she liked it. "It's your name," he said matter-of-factly unsure of her meaning, but quickly putting it down to her degraded mental state.She let out a humourless laugh at his answer. Of course, he didn't understand. She barely understood why she cared too. Wiping her face dry, she shook her head in disbelief and her eyes drifted back to the fire and they once again glazed over.All at once, she was reminded of Bertie's feral touch wandering up her skirt and grazing over her underwear. She shivered violently but tried to hide it from him. Silence filled the space between them and he couldn't help but itch uncontrollably to leave, urging towards his own fit of madness. "The bath is ready. I'm going to go now okay? I'll only be gone a little while and you can have some... privacy." He was trying his best to sound collected, but with every second he watched her crumble, he could feel the rage boil even higher. He didn't know why he had this reaction, but all control he had over his body was gone and it was like he was acting out of pure animalistic necessity. Only a small trace of humanity was left in him and he gave it to Eleanor. She just nodded distantly, trying desperately to distract herself from her thoughts by reading the titles of his numerous books stacked on the shelf above the fireplace. However, with every title, a new flash of pain made its way into her brain. He backed away slowly, with a tight grip on his wand and a surge of fury fuelled adrenaline ready to unleash on the boy that was responsible for her pain. And the devil may pray like an angel when he says her name, but his violence is wrathful and completely void of redemption. So off he went, to drag a soul to the depths of hell, casting every flame with a murderous vengeance in the process.    
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Most days, I am a museum of things 

  I want to forget"

  - E.E Scott
 
  ***
Rip. The dress shred in a violent tear.Wince. Her teeth clenched down, threatening to break her molars. Scream. The banshee sound tore through her throat and left the copper taste of blood.Run. Her limbs moved as fast as they could, every muscle and tendon straining as they did.And now, silence. Somehow, that was worse. Sighing, Eleanor was snapped out of her haunted gaze as the fire crackled loudly. She didn't know how long ago Tom had left. She didn't know what time it was. She didn't even recall the date.Slowly, she stood up, feeling an ache in her thighs as she did, and glanced over to the door that lead to the bath. Shuffling, she made her way numbly over to the room she had never before noticed, making her think that perhaps it wasn't always there. It seemed to be characteristic of this room, things only appear when you need them. And right now, she needed to wash away every skerrick of the night.It was a large space, covered in deep green tiles and lit with soft candlelight, making it appear cozier than it actually was. A copper clawfoot bathtub sat at the end of the space that seemed to still be steaming from the heat of the water.Turning to the adjacent wall above the grand sink, she was affronted by her derelict appearance in the tall mirror.Her brunette hair, once curled in perfect waves, was tangled and chaotic. Her wild eyes were underlined with streaks of black stretching vertically down her cheeks, tracing where her tears had been. There was a small split in her lip that was embellished with darkened crimson. The burn of red hand marks were imprinted on her shoulders, arms and wrists. And of course, the jagged tear in the skirt of her gown extended sharply from her hip bone to the floor, revealing a disgustingly long wound that was beginning to bleed fresh blood. It was only now she noticed the fine black stitches that laced it together. Tom must have done that earlier, but she didn't even recollect it.
  She hated herself.
Glowering in the mirror, she took the tissues that sat next to the basin and began manically wiping the bleeding mascara from her eyes and running her fingers through her knotted hair - as if this would retract the things that caused them. But it didn't and when they were gone, she still looked like the shell of someone she used to be.Eleanor couldn't bear to look at herself any longer, it only reminded her of him and what he did to her.  Glancing at the inviting hot bath, she stilled - prohibiting herself to walk any further. Realising, she didn't want to take her clothes off. Eleanor didn't want to see her naked body that Bertie McLaggan so mercilessly defiled then destroyed in front of her. She couldn't bear to see his marks on her skin.
  Was it her skin anymore?
As Eleanor stared at the haunted stranger in the mirror, she came to the conclusion that it didn't feel like she even owned her body. And she didn't need any more reminders of things she had lost to the violence of men.So in a moment of pure unstable madness, she stepped into the hot bath - fully clothed in her tattered gown. As she settled into the hot water, she watched as it quickly turned a sickly shade of merlot and felt the scorching burn sensation that followed the heat pricking at the slash on her thigh. Wincing, Eleanor leant into the pain, making sure to feel every inch of it. Part of her wanted to bleed out right there and be done with it all.She watched the blood slither away from her wound and said a silent prayer that Tom would be gone long enough for it to happen. She sighed in delight at the high temperature of the water and felt it roast her skin and she hoped it stripped her bare and left nothing but bones behind.Tom's potion began to seep into her veins and relieve the remnants of the blur that remained in her bloodstream, but somehow, that brought forth a form of consciousness that was worse.
  She couldn't help but feel so fucking stupid.
A million condemning questions graced her mind, edging her towards a pit of worthlessness.
  Why didn't you realise what was happening?

  Why weren't you the least bit suspicious of him?

  Are you really that self-involved that you think someone like him could ever truly respect you? Did you honestly believe the Minister of Magic
  's
   son would genuinely like the daughter of terrorists?
As she sat there, soaking in the bloody water with the fabric of her dress floating to the surface, the darkest of her thoughts began to sound. But one stood out to her and plunged her into a pit of despair.
  This happened to Clara - and it's all your fault.

  You were meant to protect her.

  She trusted you.
At that moment she wished she was six feet under, lying on the floor of the Black Lake, free from the personal hell of her thoughts. The thought of drowning came to her mind once more and her bloodshot eyes darted downwards to assess the depth of the water. The slam of the front door closing sounded distantly, but she was too caught up in her dialogue of self-hatred and condemnation to even register it.A slow knock at the bathroom door echoed and with a lazy wave of her hand, the latch unlocked on the handle. Tom took this as an invitation, but he felt uneasy at what he was about to walk into. Nonetheless, he pushed himself forward. She didn't bother to look at him as he walked slowly over to the bathtub with weary eyes, but even without looking at him, she could feel an energy enter the room that was dark, like an ominous cloak of musky death.Oddly, there was a comforting nature to the darkness.Tom was exhausted, his sleeves were rolled up to reveal his veiny arms pulsing, full of adrenaline and his complexion was a cocktail of haunted displeasure. He could still feel the dark magic of the cruciatus reverberate through him, like undeniable lingering electricity. He welcomed the high of it, feeling both charged and calmed at the same time. The remnants of his violence were fresh in his twitching fingers and his hands were red, dried with blood. Bertie's blood.When he got to the foot of the bathtub, glancing down at the girl below him, floating in the leftovers of her own pain, with her newly bruised arms hanging over the sides of the bath. He sighed at her disturbing glazed over expression directed at the far wall, not even acknowledging him.Without saying a word, Tom sat down at the foot of the bathtub, with his back flush to the copper surface, welcoming the cold respite of the floor. Slowly, he lit a cigarette, filling the air with a cloud of smoke. As he took the long drag he noticed how the effect of the tobacco felt minuscule compared to the release of the insurmountable dark magic he just performed. There was no drug like it. And tonight, the high was the most euphoric it had ever been. But the nicotine still numbed the ache in his back and pounding in his head, so he let the smoke sit in his lungs for longer than necessary."Did you kill him?" her husky voice sounded flat and uncaring, bouncing off the walls of the bathroom. It was almost surprising to hear her voice, as in the small time he was there, he grew accustomed to the peaceful silence and the occasional drip of the bathtub tap.He paused, not entirely knowing what to say - or admit to her. Something deep within him told him this wasn't the time for lies. But how could he tell her that he stalked down Bertie McLaggan, finding him fixing his broken nose in the second-floor men's bathroom like some bloodhound thirsty for a kill? Could she handle knowing that Bertie begged for death as he struck the most severe torture down on him with indisputable pleasure? Should he tell her about how he individually broke every bone in his body and then sealed it together - only to break it once more? She definitely shouldn't know that he threw him off the astronomy tower - a couple of times, savouring the sound of his scream like an angels prayer.Perhaps for her own sake, he would spare her the details."No...But it took everything in me not to..." he replied in a low voice, taking another drag before slowly extending the cigarette up to the bathtub and offering it to her. Shortly after, he felt small wet fingers take it from him and he closed his eyes, listening to the sound of her suck in as much of the poison as possible, before blowing it out in a straight breath. The sound was comforting and Eleanor's graceful sigh of exhalation seemed to relax him further. "Good... because I want to do it myself." It was soft but there was a strength in her voice that was undeniable. Hearing this brought an odd sensation of pleasure into him, like he had witnessed an angel prophesise divine justice."I hope I'm around to see it..." Tom placed another cigarette between his teeth to replace the stolen one. It was the truth. He would do anything to see her maim the boy, rip him apart limb from limb and watch the light slowly die in his eyes. They sat there in silence for what seemed like an hour and just processed their thoughts. She normally hated when there was quiet between them, but this seemed strangely comforting. They both couldn't offer each other the consolation they needed, however, this silent company was somehow enough.And at that moment she was glad Tom was with her in that bathroom. Because if he wasn't, she would have drowned herself in the dirty bathwater - and what an ugly way for a beauty to die.
  ***
"I bet that water's ice cold..." he finally broke the silence, drawing her out of her chaotic mind and into her reality."That's really the least of my problems right now," Eleanor responded sharply. But he was right and she began to become aware of how her body was shivering.In response, he stood up and sighed at the stubbornness in her voice, looking her over with another intent gaze laced with dark concern. It wasn't quite pity, and it definitely wasn't fear but somewhere in between. Pathetic. That's how she felt. She sneered up at him, "Don't look at me like that." "Like what? Like a lunatic in a gown fit for a royal coronation bathing in her own, cold, bloody bathwater?" Tom offered a small smirk at the ridiculousness of it."Yes, exactly like that," she responded with a childish frown, trying her best to hide the humour she found in his arrogant honesty."Allright Grindelwald, time for bed. And don't argue with me now - I've had a very, long night." His voice was exasperated and she couldn't help but find solace in his use of her usual nickname.Tom left the bathroom, seemingly deciding their little dire bonding session was over.She lifted herself up from the depths of the bath, letting the flood of water fall off her and drip from the drenched gown. Carefully, she stepped down onto the plush mat, leaving a pool of water at her feet."I don't suppose you have any women's clothes in that wardrobe of yours?" she called out, realising the inappropriateness of her dress. A small part of her wondered if this was where he brought back women and she thought perhaps something might have been left behind after a rendevous. There was no response, but she heard him opening the creaky door of the wardrobe - so she knew he was looking.Eleanor dared to look in the mirror again. Although her appearance was still less than desirable, the blood had washed away from her face and legs. Turning around, she found a string of violently purple bruises forming on her spine and wrists, tracing her bones with their brutal shades against her pale flesh. "Fuck..." she whispered, internally panicking about how to hide them from her aunt and uncle when she returned to Malfoy manor in a few days for Christmas break."This is all I have..." Tom's voice sounded from the doorway as he extended a crisp white collared shirt to her. His voice cut off sharply as he took in the assault of the deep bruises scattered across her creamy skin. The glint in his eyes darkened once again and if the gods were ever furious, they would pale to the way Tom Riddle felt.
  He wished he killed him.
"Uh...thank you," she mumbled awkwardly, taking it from him and unfolding it, her gaze set on the length. Eleanor suddenly became conscious of the scar on her hips and now...the large horrific scar on her thigh."I uhhh...I don't think I can walk back to the dormitory in this..." The thought of walking back down the dark corridors alone, scantily clad, in a men's shirt was positively petrifying to her.
  The memory of her scurrying down the stairs and his sudden, violent grip in her hair flashed into her thoughts.
"Don't be stupid Grindelwald, you can sleep here," he replied in an undecipherable voice, somehow making the situation more uncomfortable as he looked away from her in profound agitation. After all, Tom could barely imagine the punishment she would face from the teaching staff for wandering around after hours, in nothing but a men's dress shirt. Not even he could talk her out of that mess.Eleanor simply nodded and closed the door between them, creating much-needed space to sever the thick layer of awkward tension in the room. Not daring to look at herself in the mirror again, she allowed the stained, scrappy gown to fall to the floor. The sight of her lacy white bra and underwear - now dyed a light pink from the bathwater-  almost sent her spiralling into another traumatic memory. But she forced it aside, focusing on the strong smell of cologne and tobacco that was entrenched in the fabric as she pulled it over her head. Almost instantly, she took a large breath, taking it deep into her lungs as she fastened the buttons.Thankfully, it reached just above her mid-thigh, just covering her underwear. But it didn't leave much to the imagination. Perhaps if she wasn't in the state she was in right now, she would care about the scandal of it, but not tonight. After all, there was nothing Tom Riddle seemed less interested in than her or her body. And perhaps that's why she felt so safe at that moment. Picking up the dress, she opened the door and found Tom in his usual spot by the fire, reading. However, this time, she noticed he too was in his pyjamas. It was an odd sight, after becoming so used to seeing him in tailored tuxedos and his sharp black robes, the dark green gingham fabric was strange...almost...human. For a single moment, he was no longer the terrifyingly dark, morally grey man she came to know - but just a boy in pyjamas, reading a novel. If it was any other night she would have smiled at it and maybe teased him for it - but alas, her mind was elsewhere.He didn't look up at her as she entered the room, desperately hiding the shortness of the shirt with the crumpled gown in her hands. She approached the roaring fire and threw the mass of red fabric into the flames without any moment of hesitation. There was nothing Eleanor wanted more than to forget it all and she never wanted to see the gown ever again.
  She heard the sound of the tulle skirt rip and felt the pain that followed the slice all over again.
Tom glanced up at the girl from the pages of his book, taking in how she watched the fabric disintegrate in front of her eyes with desperation. He looked back down before she could become aware of his stare. When the dress was all but ash, she made her way over to the bed which was perfectly made with the pressed dark green sheets folded to near perfection. Uncomfortably, she tucked herself down into them, welcoming the soft fabric on her skin."You're not...leaving are you?" she asked softly, hating herself as she heard the pathetic words leave her mouth.
  Her min
  d 
  replayed Bertie McLaggan's sweaty scowl and hard grip on her wrist.
"I'll be right here," he said in a low voice, not daring to look up at her in his bed. It was bad enough the first time, watching her little body rise and fall slowly in his sheets. Nothing ever felt more wrong. He never allowed anyone in the room of requirement - let alone in the bed. It took him days to get the smell of lavender and petrichor out of them and the lingering scent kept him up as if teasing him into insanity.She seemed to relax after hearing that. Placing her head on the pillow with a deep breath and watching him turn the pages as she waited for sleep to overcome her and drag her out of her reality.But it didn't."What are you reading?" she asked in a curious voice, taking in another hit of his scent embedded in the fabric of the sheets, her tensed shoulders eased in response. Tom hesitated for a moment before speaking, as if deciding whether to respond or not, "War and Peace.""God, how can you stand Pierre's absurd stupidity," she wondered out loud."Most men are absurd and stupid, it seems an accurate depiction of the masses," he replied quickly, hiding the surprise that overcame him at her knowing the book.She hummed in unexpected agreement, finding it odd at how profound his words became the more she thought of them. Suddenly, she shot up and made her way to the mantle above the fireplace cluttered with stacked books and began surveying the titles, sighing at the warmth from the flames on her legs."What are you doing?" he drawled with exasperation clear in his voice, his eyes still glued to the page in front of him."Looking for something to read. Tolstoy is far too depressing," she replied, extending her neck to read the book spines at the top."Tolstoy is a genius, he doesn't need to be unrealistically positive - because he's right," he defended, finally looking up at her.But it was a mistake. As she was crooning to see the top shelf books on her tippy toes, a deep crescent-shaped scar on her hipbone above the thin strap of her lacy underwear was exposed to him. He grew deeply contemplative as he studied it. A million questions came into his mind as the moon-shaped cicatrix left him almost mesmerised. Quickly, gathering himself - he averted his eyes to her studious face as she spoke."I prefer the much more subtlety brilliant anecdotes of Austen," she said with an odd sense of pride in her voice. He could tell she was looking for anything to distract herself from her own mind and so, he was happy to indulge her in the mundanity of a literary debate - of which she was obviously wrong."Well, if it's pointless romance you want, there's nothing up there for you," he retorted with a judgemental tone, becoming irrationally annoyed at her dismissal of his books.Eleanor whipped her head over to face him with a scowl, suddenly growing aware of their closeness. Instinctively, she stepped back to create some distance between them but couldn't dare to break the eye contact that they held.He wanted to ask her about the scar on her hip and maybe if it was any other night he would, but something deep within him told him now wasn't the time to dig up the details of her past."Perhaps you're just scared you might learn something from her," she shot back at him with a teasing glare."Trust me Grindelwald, I know far more about women than you...""I very much doubt that," she scoffed, before walking back to the bed in defeat not interested in any of the classics on his shelf, "Knowing a body is different to knowing a mind...like only reading the cover of a book..."How she could be so impossibly annoying was beyond his comprehension. It seemed positively outlandish to him that even in her darkest hour, she found time to stubbornly put him in his place. Tom wanted to inform her that she was in fact, wrong and that knowing someone's body was precisely how one could know the mind. One touch of the inside of a woman's leg told him more than a thousand dinner dates ever would. He could glance at a woman's features and see how she could be persuaded. A moan from a woman's lips was more telling than any fucking romantic book from the 1800s. But, he didn't give her the satisfaction of a response and instead, returned his attention to the book with an exasperated huff.Eleanor crept into the safety of the covers again and downed the blue sleeping potion he placed beside her bed. Placing her head on the pillow her gaze turned to the ceiling, but her mind was once again overtaken with imagery of the night that haunted her. Instinctively, she curled into a small ball, clutching at her stolen flesh. A fresh tear fell from her eyes and onto the silk fabric of the pillow."Read to me," she requested in a soft, slightly edged voice.Tom stilled in disbelief, momentarily not able to comprehend the words. For a moment, she thought he had decided to ignore her but after a long pause, she heard him he slowly clear his throat awkwardly.With a slightly gravelly voice, he began, "What is the cause of historical events? Power. What is power? Power is the sum total of wills transferred to one person. On what condition are the wills of the masses transferred to one person? On condition that the person expresses the will of the whole people. That is, power is power..."He looked over to her briefly as he paused to turn the page and found that her eyes were closed and her chest was rising and falling softly. He tried not to validate the creeping feeling that was crawling into his heart and seemed to be pricking at his mind, so he once again started reading - not ready to face whatever it was.***Eleanor woke with a heavy head and as she began to stir, she felt every limb ache individually. This was until she moved slightly and a symphony of excruciating pain ran through her whole body.The momentary respite of sleep gave her a few hours of peace from her reality. However, with every new wave of awoken consciousness, the memories of last night began to flood back into her mind and they were impossible to force out once they started. She opened her eyes reluctantly, not wishing to face the day, but looking for any distraction from her own self-destruction.Eleanor shifted slightly - ignoring the shooting pain down her spine as she did - taking in her environment slowly. The fire was almost out, leaving nothing but small orange coals in its wake and a darkened hue fell over the room without the light of the flames. As she looked over to the small sofa, she saw a mop of raven hair spilled over the arm and a glimpse of Tom's sleeping face.He looked different when he was asleep. His chiselled face was absent of judgemental calculation or any of his usual expressions. Instead, it was soft and almost boyish - which in combination with his gingham pyjamas was quite unsettlingly unfamiliar.
  But somehow endearing.
Despite her body's protest she sat up, feeling a whirl of blood in her head as she did. Desperately, she took a sip of the water that had been placed next to the bed and it slowly wet the dryness of her mouth. With a croaky moan, her head fell into her hands as she began to process everything that had happened in the last 24 hours.
  How was she ever going to walk the corridors alone again?

  How is she going to look at Bertie's face in class without spiralling into a manic episode?

  Will she ever feel like her body was her own again?
All these questions began whirling inside of her and poking at her brain. All of the sudden, a wave of untapped nausea flooded through her. She practically sprinted into the bathroom, closing the door as softly as she possibly could and kneeling over the toilet seat.Ten minutes of regurgitating the entirety of her stomach, she heard a faint knock at the door."Sorry! Won't be a moment!" Her voice was harsh and raspy but it was forced into an alarmed tone.Quickly, she splashed her face with water and did her best to wash her mouth out with the toothpaste she found in the drawer. Accidentally catching herself in the mirror, she saw her skin painted with giant purple bruises and she grimaced at the ugly sight."Fuck..." she whispered, but somehow Tom managed to hear it."Grindelwald..." a gravelly voice sounded from behind the door, but she knew him well enough to know it was a warning. She whipped the door open, attempting to look the exact opposite of how she was feeling and even gave his sleepy, concerned face a cheery smile."Morning!" she greeted him in a juxtaposingly happy tone. Her heart started to beat rapidly as she longed for the strange exchange between them to end before it even started. Tom's eyebrows knitted together suspiciously as he took in her odd, frantic appearance. He desperately tried to not entertain thinking about the way she looked in his shirt."What's wrong?" he asked her with a raised brow and an intent stare - as if she had just escaped from an asylum.
  This girl was going to be the death of him.
"Nothing. Nothings wrong. Actually, I feel great...fantastic even!" she lied, slipping past him in the doorway. She couldn't bear to face him, not after everything he'd witnessed last night."Is that so?" he queried, crossing his arms and leaning on the doorframe. He watched her pathetically try to disguise the limp in her step as she strode over to the bed. Obviously, he saw straight through her awful attempt of deception."Yes, bloody brilliant...Uhhh...thanks for letting me stay..." She awkwardly started gathering her things in a panicked rush, "Must dash, lots to do...packing and things..." she began making the bed frantically."Eleanor..." he sighed, running a hand through his hair. Once again, he had no clue what to do and felt completely useless. Tom wanted to find the right words, but as he searched, came up with nothing that felt appropriate."Thanks for the shirt, I'll make sure to return it to you after the holidays." There was a blotch of dried blood on the hem and she knew he wouldn't appreciate her ruining his shirt. Quickly, Eleanor made a beeline for the door and avoided his eye contact as much as possible.He just looked at her like she was mad.As she put her hand on the doorknob, she turned around to the boy with a starkly concerned expression etched into his face."I think I should walk you-" Tom began awkwardly,"Have a Happy Christmas!" she wished him suddenly, cutting him off. And with that, she bolted - without even giving him a moment to respond."What the fuck Eleanor..." he whispered, pinching the bridge of his nose and shutting his eyes.   
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Rage, maybe rage would lift me up,

  make me stand, make me walk"

  -Marlon James
 
  ***
 When she finally made it to the portrait of Salazar Slytherin there was a thin layer of clammy sweat that covered her skin and she found herself heaving for air. Eleanor had sprinted from the Room of Requirement to the dungeons without leaving a moment for respite. She was afraid that if she stopped, Bertie would somehow find her. It was a stupid notion, considering he was likely extremely hungover. Not to mention recovering from whatever Tom did to him - which she elected not to dwell on. As she strolled into the eerily quiet common room, she found a small number of limp, passed out bodies of her fellow house members sprawled across the sofas.The wretched state of the common room alluded to the fact that it was the location of some form of afterparty. There were various empty bottles lying on the stone floors and it appeared as if someone had even dragged a gramophone into the room - which was now covered in green confetti. She quickly bound up the stairs ignoring the searing pain in her thigh and the immeasurable ache in her spine to the girl's dormitory. All the while, praying nobody would catch her in her less than appropriate attire.It was 6 am and she highly doubted that anyone would actually be awake for the next few hours, so she confidently crept into her room.As Eleanor surveyed the beds from the half-opened wooden door, she noted that Charlotte and Mabel hadn't seemed to come back. Octavia was wrapped in the thick muscular arms of Caspian Mulciber as they slept soundly in her bed against the far wall.Without risking being caught, she hurried to her bed and into the safety of the covers before grabbing her wand from the bedside table and clutching it to her chest. Silently, she vowed to never leave without it again. She knew that the effects of the potion could never have rendered her able to actually magically defend herself, but it still bothered her that she was thoughtless enough to disregard it. After all, she was her own protection and a small part of her felt she had failed. Another pang of dread spread through her mind and down her spine. In response to her failure, she buried her head under the covers as if hiding from the reality of her life.Internally groaning, Eleanor replayed the incredibly awkward last moments she had with Tom - who she left less than convinced that she was actually fine. She had come to terms with the fact that he knew when she was lying, but her unwillingness to face him with the truth overrode any rational thinking she may have had. In fact, Eleanor wasn't sure if she would ever be able to look at him again. The way he saw the most vulnerable side of her, so unguarded, so weak, made her want to die of shame. Even worse, the way he looked at her with his pity laced concern as if she was a broken doll. There was something unsettling to her about him witnessing one of her darkest moments, it ate at her pride and made her stomach sick. It didn't escape her that one of the least trustworthy men she had ever met in her entire life not only knew her weaknesses - but also looked into her mind.Perhaps the worst part of it all was that she felt she owed him for what he did for her. And a 'Grindelwald always paid their debts' as her grandfather would always say. Her mind began to wonder what it would cost her, her heart couldn't bear the thought of paying and her body just ached with unparalleled pain.She looked down at the stitched slash that embellished her thigh like a dirty stain on a crisp white shirt. Even the jagged shape of it seemed to taunt her - as if she would have preferred it if it were straight. The wound extended from a few inches above her knee cap to just underneath her hip, almost reaching the crescent-shaped scar above it. She wondered how many more scars she would have to bear at the hands of men who were acting to be righteous.The irony wasn't lost on her that she found herself being saved by the devil from one of gods angels.
  "This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald..."
The phrase replayed in her pounding head, like a sickening verse from a banished book. And somehow each time it was more taunting and convincing than the last.Once again, her mind descended into the depths of hell and not even the devil was there to save her this time. Although, in the midst of the chaos, she found herself focusing on the way his veiny hands gripped at hers and how his eyes hypnotically hooked into her soul. 
  ***
"Darling..." a soft melodic voice sounded from a distance.Suddenly, Eleanor was pulled out of her deep sleep and gasped in fright as she felt a hand on her shoulder - which was well and truly painted with the bruises of her lived nightmare. For a moment, the familiar sensation felt like she was back in the moment, slammed against the wall and begging for mercy. Her eyes hazily adjusted to the blonde in front of her."Hey, hey...don't worry, it's just me..." Octavia cooed, patting her hair in an act of attempted comfort.It took Eleanor a moment for her horrified disposition and rigidly straight body to calm."Hey, sorry...I was...I was having a nightmare," she lied in a raspy voice, sitting up against her bed head and rubbing her clouded eyes.Octavia's eyebrows knitted together and her stare was filled with unease, "Are you okay?" Carefully, her eyes dragged over Eleanor's distressed face, then onto the split in her lip and finally over the strange shirt that covered her."Yeah, of course, just extremely hungover..." A half convincing smile came to her lips but it didn't reach her eyes. "Is that a men's dress shirt your wearing?" Octavia queried in a judgemental tone with a raised brow. She never approved of fashion faux pas - even when it came to nightwear."Uhhhh yeah, some fucking idiot spilled beer all over my dress. I guess I was so drunk I put on the first that I was offered," she explained, desperately hoping Octavia was buying the ridiculous story.But as she watched Octavia's face receive the words, she still carried a sense of worry that made Eleanor think she wasn't entirely convinced."Where did you end up last night?" she questioned her, there was something else in her voice that Eleanor was yet to identify. It almost seemed like...fear."Oh, um I actually woke up on the floor of the Gryffindor common room. I think there was an after-party and then I had a bit too much fun and passed out..." She laughed through the lie and rubbed her forehead in falsified shame."Oh, thank god," she seemed to be oddly comforted by this and some of the worry in her expression began to dissipate."Why?"Octavia looked down in awkwardness, for a moment not sure how to approach the answer."Eleanor... I can't believe I have to tell you this, but Bertie's in the hospital wing...he got in a brawl last night and then... jumped off the astronomy tower..."Eleanor knew that at this moment she was meant to carry on her act and appear shocked, completely encumbered by devastation. But a tidal wave of gleeful satisfaction seemed to outweigh whatever else she was feeling and in an attempt to hide the smile that threatened to creep onto her face - she looked down burying her face in her hands.
  And for the second time in the last 24 hours, she was grateful for Tom Riddle. 

  Who would've thought?
"What?" she whispered, gathering herself and pasting a shocked expression on her complexion."I know darling, it's just awful. No one knows why he did it. I mean... he had everything; a quidditch scholarship, great grades...and of course you,"The last of her words bit into her like a venomous snake and it took everything not to dry retch at the picture of the two of them together."Unfortunately Bertie and I...we're not exactly a smart match like I thought..." His name tasted bitter coming out of her mouth and she took a sip of water to wash it out."Oh...really? Did anything happen?" "No!" Eleanor quickly replied with a high pitched tone, "we're just...very dissimilar and want different things," she explained, but she couldn't help but clench her jaw at the truth of the comment."Well...You know, I'm actually quite glad because I wasn't going to say anything... but I did think he was a little nouveau riche and not mention, a bit thick..." Eleanor offered up a hollow laugh at her cousin's snobbishness but despite this, nodded in agreement.She didn't want to burden Octavia with the knowledge of what really happened. It was hard enough to live with it as it was and it seemed unfair to unload the trauma onto someone as soft and kind as her cousin. She hadn't been through the things that Eleanor had. Octavia had never seen her parents get murdered, heard her sibling be raped, or even be subjected to the cruel injustice of the cruciatus. Octavia slept soundly every night. She had a boyfriend that treated her well and loved her. She was innocent and good.
  She was unmarked.
And so, there was nothing more than Eleanor wanted to protect than the truly untouched heart and mind of the girl in front of her.So, she stayed silent and let the haunted memories consume her from within.***The icy wind bit the tip of her nose as she stepped onto the platform, which was crowded with the excited buzz of the students keen to go home.Her black leather trunk weighed down her side as she weaved through the masses of people, carefully trying not to brush shoulders with anyone as she did. Any foreign touch seemed to be just as painful as her memories and her battered and bruised skin had yet to recover.As she neared the front of the train, her eyes fell on a figure approaching from the end of the platform that filled her with imminent dread. Bertie McLaggan's distraught body was hobbling in crutches towards her direction. Every inch of his skin seemed to be covered in bandages and a large purple bruise painted his swollen right eye vividly.Suddenly, his taunted eyes seemed to fix onto her own.Her heart began beating at a record speed and her breathing became rapid as she faced him. Eleanor's steps seemed to slow and her thoughts came to a deafening halt.Suddenly, Bertie's dead stare seemed to avert to something over her shoulder and a look of profound terror overtook him. Slowly, she turned and saw the murderously dark glare of Tom Riddle directed at the boy from a few meters away. Gazing back to Bertie, she watched as he snapped his head down to the ground, as if so scared - he couldn't even look up anymore.And with that, he hobbled away without a second thought in the opposite direction.She hated that she was invisibly tied to Tom by this dirty little secret they shared. It felt like there was an odd intimacy between them that could only be forged by the immense brutality that she was subjected to and the colossal violence he unleashed.Eleanor had spent the last few days locked in the solitude of her dorm room after telling the girls she was unwell and had to rest. She had barely eaten and scarcely said more than a few sentences to anyone. Of course, they thought in part her dreary disposition was because of Berties 'suicide attempt'. So in a way, it served as a scapegoat for her to isolate herself from the world and fall apart in privacy.She had been avoiding Tom ever since the morning they woke up in the Room of Requirement and the events that unravelled on that night hung over both of them like a plague. Tom wanted to reach out to her and offer some sort of consolation. But his complete lack of ability to navigate the situation put him on a sharp edge that teetered towards madness. He had never felt so unbelievably out of depth and the feeling of uncharacteristic uselessness pervaded him agonisingly. He wasn't even sure that he had experienced actual empathy until the other night - so he was well and truly in a struggle of his own. Was it empathy? He wasn't sure. All he knew was that every night since, he was kept up by the sight of unparalleled fear in Eleanor's wild eyes and the destroyed state of her body. Tom's relentless mind unwillingly replayed her memories and sent a constant state of revulsion into his stomach. But perhaps what scared him the most was how affected he was by it all.
  Why did he seem to care?

  What about her situation was so utterly unbearable to him?
He knew for a fact if it was anyone else he wouldn't have spared a second thought for the perpetrator. But something in him was possessive and animalistic when it came to her.The complete absence of his normal state of strictly held control knawed at him and in an irrational way, he hated her for it.Eleanor climbed up the steps of the carriage with a small wince as she felt the gentle tear in the healing wound on her leg."Merlin Eleanor, you really must've stacked it that night," Charlotte observed with a laugh as she watched her slow in response to the pain."You have no idea..." she responded, trying to match her humoured expression but she failed to deliver it fully. Eleanor had disguised the evidence of her battery well with high turtleneck sweaters, long dresses and stockings that masked her discoloured legs. She knew there was a spell to reduce the complexion of bruises and cuts but she couldn't recollect it. It worried her that if she asked one of the girls, they might cotton on and ask further questions.So once again she stayed silent and waited for her body to heal itself organically.The girls found a vacant, lushly decorated cabin and settled in for their journey back to London. The seven-hour trip was mostly filled with circulating the newest gossip from the ball and planning what they were going to wear for New Year's Eve. Eleanor, in no frame of mind to be involved - simply took another one of Tom's gifted sleeping potions and slept through all of it.
  ***
When they finally made it back to Malfoy Manor, Eleanor rushed to the silent retreat of her room.It was an oddly comforting space, despite its grandeur and impressive size. Aunt Edwina had gone to great lengths to decorate it for her in the first week of her stay. The room was wrapped generously in soft blue and cream hues with added touches of gold - making it feel calm but stately. The king-size bed was draped in the finest silk sheets and had an upholstered canopy that stretched to the impossibly high, ornate ceilings. In the far corner, there was a sitting area nestled next to the imposing, marble fireplace. But perhaps her favourite part was the large floor to ceiling windows that opened out onto a view of the extensive manicured gardens. On the right day, the breeze would carry in a scent of roses and lilac from the flower beds and the birds would chirp in the nearby trees. While it was a little more excessive than she was accustomed to, there was a strange sense of homeliness to it that she welcomed.Throwing herself into the bed and sinking into the mattress, she opened her book and deviated her mind to the wonderful distraction of Northanger Abbey.
  ***
The next day, she found herself in her favourite armchair by the fire in the Malfoy library. She had every single edition of the Daily Prophet for the past three months stacked high in front of her and next to them were a collection of sinisterly titled books - of which she dearly missed.She messily scrawled down the description of a recently rewarded Auror by the name of Matilda Crouch who seemingly matched the memory of her mother's assassin. Up until now, she had recently been glaringly unknown to Eleanor. However, her recent promotion in the ranks of the protection society finally added a name to the face.Belgaire Argyle, Amar Patil and Rosalind Clearwater.Three targets down, three to go.Despite this win in her investigation, she had one glaringly obvious problem to solve, how to get into the Aurors For Peace Ball. Without Bertie, she can't rely on the benefit of an easy invitation. Her mind drifted to more complicated solutions such as disguise, polyjuice and invisibility. But none of them seemed foolproof. Eleanor knew the security at the event would be elevated. Especially since her grandfather's cause had begun more bombing attacks on the Ministries of Europe.She glanced at a picture of her grandfather's face on the front page of the Daily Prophet and couldn't help but wonder if he ever thought of her. He was an imposing man but underneath his militant front, there was a softer interior to him that he reserved for his grandchildren. She hadn't seen him for what felt like years and he hadn't bothered to write to her once after the death of Clara and her parents. Eleanor couldn't help but be angry at the man. After all, he was the reason her family was murdered in the first place. Without his stupid war and his radical politics, she would still be in Tuscany where she belonged.She felt the prick of outrage well her eyes and a tear dropped onto the newspaper. Somewhat satisfyingly, the wet ink blurred his face in a rare moment of poetic justice. After hours upon hours spent researching and dragging her mind through the banned books in her uncle's collection, the large grandfather clock struck 6:00 pm. She jumped at the sudden sound, before remembering dinner was being served and she was already late. Eleanor shot up a little too quickly and felt the agony in her body respond with searing pain before she made her way with haste to the formal dining room. As expected, when she entered all four of her perfectly prim relations were dressed and waiting for her."My apologies for the tardiness, I was so caught up reading I lost track of time," she explained, ignoring Abraxas' irritated glare."No worry Eleanor, I'm just glad someone is making use of our incredibly extensive and rare book collection..." her Uncle responded with pointed glances at his children.Octavia smirked, "Father, there's a reason those mangy books are rare and it's not because of their value, it's because they're so impossibly boring that no one even bothered to keep them." "Tell me, Octavia, can you even read? I don't think I've ever even seen you study once..." Abraxas shot back at her with his signature aristocratic tone."Enough children. Enough. Let us for once have a peaceful and polite dinner," Aunt Edwina cut them off with a warning glare.With a swish, large plates of roast duck, potatoes and salad appeared in front of them. Admittedly from her isolation, Eleanor was starving. The smell of the gravy made her mouth water and she quickly began to dig in."You know Eleanor..." her aunt began in an articulate voice, "I was at tea the other day with Cecily Lestrange and I came across some rather interesting information..." her eyes lit up like she was recounting a salacious piece of gossip."Oh, really?" she responded, not exactly knowing where the conversation was going.A small grin came to her perfect features, "Yes...dear Cecily was saying that upon his eighteenth birthday, Theodore is to inherit Balmoral Estate!"Eleanor was lost at how that had anything to do with her and had absolutely no idea what Balmoral Estate even was, but in the interest of politeness, she replied."Oh, how...wonderful." It was a gallant attempt, but it didn't take a fool to hear that her tone lacked interest."My thoughts exactly...And you know we were chatting and came to the rather ingenious idea of sending you both there after graduation for a lovely little holiday..."The sound of Abraxas snorting as he almost choked on his wine filled the silent air. "Theodore Lestrange...and I?..." Eleanor questioned with a quizzical glare, forgetting completely about the food in front of her."Mother, I really doubt a week in the countryside with Theodore Lestrange would be in the slightest bit romantic..." Octavia moaned with a turned-up nose.Abraxas just scoffed in agreement from the other side of the long table and shook his head in amusement."Romantic?" Eleanor repeated slowly. The memory of a conversation she had with Abraxas at the Three Broomsticks began to surface in her mind.
  Oh no.
"Do you not think him handsome Eleanor?" her Aunt pushed again, earning an exasperated sigh from her uncle. Actaeus was a simple man, who didn't care for the politics of arranged marriages and wanted nothing more than to eat in silence."Uhhhh...Yes, Aunt Edwina, he is handsome but-""You see! That's all you really need...a spark to ignite the-"She cut off her aunt before she could finish whatever horrifying thing she was about to say, "But- I'm afraid we are entirely just friends...and I suspect we would absolutely kill each other if we were ever to be...put together... like that," Eleanor responded awkwardly still in disbelief at the conversations turn."Oh yes, with how unhinged she is and how positively salacious he is - Theodore would be six feet under in a matter of weeks...days perhaps!" Abraxas chuckled to himself, imagining the dire mismatch.Aunt Edwina sent him a silencing glare and the humour immediately fell from his face and he diverted his gaze to the table."Well...is there anyone else on the horizon dear?" But before she could answer 'absolutely not', Abraxas snide voice cut in."Perhaps you could corral Riddle into marrying you...he'll be here tomorrow night anyway. Now that would be an entertaining bloodbath," he chuckled again. But before she could respond, Aunt Edwina took her wand and waved it at his face, casting a silencing charm on him."Tom? Tom Riddle?" she blinked, sure she heard incorrectly."Yes, Abraxas invited him to join us for Christmas this year. Oh, we do adore that boy don't we Actaeus? Sometimes, I feel as if he's my second son," she beamed in a devoted tone, watching Eleanor's shocked reaction confusingly, before gasping as if she had a brilliant idea."Oh! What about Tom, that would be a very smart match indeed and imagine the..." she started rambling.Before she could finish whatever she was going to say, Eleanor shot up out of her chair manically. Quickly, she excused herself and stalked back to her room not at all in the mood for discussing marriage or Tom Riddle.Or worse, marriage to Tom Riddle.
  ***
Eleanor had a difficult time processing the fact that she was about to spend Christmas with the exact man she was glad to be avoiding. Thinking of him plunged her into a pit of unwanted thoughts. The Boggart. The Black Lake. The Yule Ball. It was all the parts of her recent memory that if she had the choice, she would extract and throw away, never to be found again.She did consider this solution, but her memory charms research all seemed to point in one common,  direction - the high risk of mental damage. Out of all the magic she had studied vigorously and become accustomed to, memory charms were the least of them. They were extremely precise and very detailed, often only performed by extremely skilled witches or wizards. She couldn't risk it, after all, she was already halfway to lunacy.So, Eleanor did what she did best - hideaway from her troubles.When the light broke in the morning, she was already up, washed and dressed. She wandered the familiar halls of the large manor and settled into the library, establishing her base for the day. If anyone were to walk in, they might mistake the sight for a highly organised and detailed war room. Taking advantage of the completely ignored space she pushed two large mahogany tables together and covered them with numerous books, arranged in piles such as; dangerous curses, invisibility potions and charm as well as shield magic and disguise. The maps she had dug up of the Ministry of magic floor plan were tacked to the wall next to the fireplace and after filling her first notebook, she was onto her second.In another life, Eleanor would have made a brilliant detective. She was extremely thorough in her read earth and never left the opportunity to uncover an overlooked detail that the normal observer would have missed. Strangely, she found great joy in the work.Sure, it was laced with the malicious intention of murderous vengeance but at least she wasn't sitting in her room sulking. Or so she told herself.After successfully rerouting afternoon scones and tea to her desk - and avoiding joining the family in welcoming Tom, she came to an extremely important decision.Eleanor had to go and find the book that almost got her killed. This was important for two reasons. One, since the talisman presented to a Grindelwald in the form of the key to their success, it would be greatly useful in her plan. Two, she felt entitled to it and the thought of the Ministry finding it and somehow unlocking the content of the book made her blind with rage.Somehow she had to find an excuse to sneak back to Tuscany without her aunt and uncle finding her out. Realistically, the next two weeks was her only opportune window - as sneaking out of Hogwarts was near impossible - especially now with a murderous beast on the loose. A small part of her entertained the idea of just legging it to Italy without so much of an explanation, but she wasn't sure how her aunt and uncle would respond to that, and she didn't want to risk being institutionalised again.A small knock sounded on the door of the library and in response, Eleanor quickly shut her notebook and with a wave of her hand made the maps on the wall invisible."Come in!" she yelled out, trying to hide the frantic tone in her voice.The click-clack of dainty heels filled the air and she relaxed as Octavia's small figure became clear amongst the grand shelves that she was tucked behind."Honestly darling how you can stand studying on the holidays is beyond me..." she droned with an observant smile.Eleanor just sighed and attempted to give her a content grin. "Knowledge is power," she laughed, quickly regretting the awkwardly odd response.Her signature concern graced her perfect features, "Are you sure your okay? I know you've been sick and all but there's something...off, about you..." "Yeah of course, sorry - I've just been a bit in my head lately," she attempted to diffuse the question, "You know what I'm like..."Octavia responded with a small "Hmm" and then sat down at the opposite armchair, crossing her legs in effortless elegance. "I hate to ask...but I have to know, what's going on with you and Tom?" she softly pried."What makes you ask that?" Eleanor replied slightly defensively."Well it's just...you know, you seem to be spending a bit of time together and then you seemed shocked when you found out last night he was staying...I just wondered if maybe..." she drawled, treading carefully."Oh god no! Nothing of the sort...he's just interested in some of the more...niche...magic I learnt in Italy and...he and I seem to always be in the same place at the same time... I guess." her cousin seemed to be satisfied by this explanation and didn't push it any further."Right well - thank god for that," she laughed, "Mother sent me to ask you to dress nicely tonight for dinner...you know how she is with hosting guests, everything has to be so formal.""Dress nicely?" she asked with a half-grin in suspicion."Just a cocktail dress and heels, no gowns or tiaras this time I promise," she joked and Eleanor laughed in relief."I've put some options on your bed...I hope you don't mind, I just know you don't really have many clothes...""Thank you O, you really are a saviour," Eleanor replied with a grateful smile.She began to strut off but just as she approached the doorway, Octavia turned with a cheeky expression on her dainty features."He's here you know...and he asked about you at afternoon tea," she replied with a high pitched giggle."Don't you dare tell him where I'm hiding!" Eleanor yelled after her, but she only heard faint laughter echo through the halls in reply. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "I am coming for all the monsters 

  that ever touched her,

  I am coming for all the ones who twisted her stars into shadows,

  They turned her into a nightmare,

  So I'm going to be theirs"

  ***
Eleanor stood next to her bed and surveyed the options that Octavia had given her. Tossing aside the first two - which showed too much skin, she opted for an elegant high necked black lace dress. The sleeves covered her bruises adequately and the hem, which brushed her shin, covered any trace of the other scratches and cuts that were scattered on her body.With a wave of her wand, her hair seemed to shine and tangle itself into a knotted bun - a trick she had been taught by Charlotte. Glancing at her complexion in the mirror she noticed the reappearing dark circles that traced her reddened eyes. She had gone against Tom's instructions and successfully used the entirety of her sleeping potion reserves in the last week. However, she had no choice. If she wasn't in the library preoccupying her mind, she found she needed to be sedated. Eleanor would be doing the most menial tasks - like doing her hair - and then suddenly, a grotesque memory would resurface. It was like living with a ghost, which at any given time could jump out of the shadows to haunt you - except in this situation, the ghost was herself."That's enough I think" she mumbled to herself, doing the absolute bare minimum to her face that would be appropriate for the evening. Looking at the clock, she noticed she was again, late for dinner. Practically sprinting in her heels, she bolted to the formal dining room, knowing that they wouldn't appreciate the rudeness of her lack of punctuality.As she walked briskly through the doors, she was greeted with the sound of shrilled laughter from her Aunt Edwina and quiet conversation. She hurried in, steering clear of making eye contact with the boy that sat next to Abraxas and directed his intense stare towards her and sat next to Octavia."Oh Eleanor, ever fashionably late" her Aunt greeted her with a slightly disapproving tone."Tom was just telling us a simply hilarious story about his time holidaying in the Swiss Alps" she explained eagerly."Oh...lovely" she replied, still averting her gaze despite feeling his eyes burn into her."Anyway, it was positively freezing this night and my uncle managed to get from the airlift back to our chalet, in nothing but his swimming trunks, no wand - all with this baby dragon" he began, sending the room into a fit of hysterics. Finally looking up to him, she raised an eyebrow at his words, questioning them. Seeing him outside of Hogwarts and ballrooms was peculiar. Although, somehow he still managed to appear as if he was designed to the grandeur of every room. Her gaze trailed over his perfectly pressed black suit jacket and his expertly positioned tie. His raven hair dangled just above his eye in its characteristic controlled mess, there was never a hair out of place. His deep blue eyes glistened as he spoke and he waved his veiny, ring covered hands around like a natural conversationalist.She could tell he was lying. It was something that was becoming obvious to her after watching him for the past few months. It was like a venus fly trap, he was deceiving with his looks and wicked with his intentions. Almost too perfect, too beautiful to be truly moral. His tone was too collected, too fluid. He commanded the rooms attention with his charm and embellished every word with a lie delivered from his soft lips. It was so well practised that his victims didn't even realise they were being eaten."I love it there...What part of Switzerland were you in?" she pried with a hard tone, immediately meeting his eyes with a teasing smile. "Gstaad" he replied curtly, knowing exactly what she was doing and hating her for it."Oh how funny...my family used to holiday there too, which chalets did you stay in?" Eleanor pushed further, deepening her devilish grin and attempting to deflate his ego as she did. She watched his every move and waited for him to squirm, but he didn't. "Truth be told I don't remember, I was 6" he replied with a triumphant arrogance, knowing he had won against her. He took a sip of champagne in silent celebration. 
  Touchè.
The atmosphere changed in the room and the tension between them made the air ungodly thick. Octavia shot a confused look to her but Eleanor hardly noticed as she didn't break her eye contact with the boy in front of her. "Anyway...tell us more about your plans for after school Tom...Abraxas says you're interested in political life" Actaeus spoke up, cutting through the awkwardness."Yes Mr Malfoy, I'm hoping to intern there after I graduate. Professor Slughorn has recommended me to the cabinet for their summer program and of course, the letter of character you wrote me helped too" he replied in his silky head boy accent.Again she knew this was a lie. Slughorn had recommended him but there was something about the way his mouth moved when he spoke about accepting the internship that made him wonder."Good lad, it'll be a refreshing change to see some more refined men at the table. This McLaggan fool is undoing all of British Wizarding Society as we speak. It's positively criminal. For years we worked hard to steer clear of the muggles especially after the mess they created in 1914" her uncle responded with a gruff disproving tone.Her body went cold as the name McLaggan fell from her uncle's mouth and into the air. Tom seemed to notice this."Careful father, you're bringing up Eleanor's boyfriend's family," Abraxas said with a sly grin directed at her, knowing full well she wanted to hide her fling with Bertie from them.
  Fucking bastard.
Tom momentarily looked at Abraxas as if he would personally slit his throat with the dinner knife in front of him, but he collected himself in time for no one to see."What? You didn't tell me about this dear..." her aunt cut in with a surprised tone."He's not my boyfriend" Eleanor fired back at Abraxas' triumphant glee, "he's actually a complete and total twat if you must know" she spat."Language!" her aunt warned"Tom you were saying..." Actaeus invited, tiring of his sons intervening and meddling."Well, I agree. A return to the old ways is the only possible option for our community to be safe against those filthy, war-hungry mudbloods. Unfortunately, that means stricter rules, less mixing but this is about survival. We have to hold on to our traditions or else our very way of life could be at risk. Think of how they would weaponise us if they even knew half of what we're capable of. It would be catastrophic" Tom replied. For the first time in her life, he appeared truly passionate about what he was talking about. Ironically, the way he was speaking almost reminded her of the muggle prime minister Winston Churchill.He was charmingly commanding - and it was oddly inspiring despite Eleanor not caring for the content of the politics whatsoever."Well said Tommy boy" Abraxas cheered him with a drink and an encouraging pat on the back.Octavia just rolled her eyes at the boredom of discussing politics at the dinner table."Here here!" Actaeus agreed, raising his scotch glass to Tom in a moment of pseudo fatherly pride."And tell me Tom...since we're talking about the future, are there any romantic pursuits for you?" Aunt Edwina's shrill voice asked from the end of the long table, but her gaze was directed straight at Eleanor.She blushed and looked down to the roast chicken in front of her, filling with embarrassment from her aunt's obviousness. Tom noted how the flush graced her cheeks and her eye contact diverted and seeing her squirm like this made him smirk. "No, Mrs Malfoy, unfortunately, I've been rather preoccupied with my studies, I haven't had the time to cultivate such things" he replied, before taking a sip of the champagne in front of him. Upon hearing his words, she was extremely tempted to scoff at the lie. Ezra had told her enough stories for her to know he was no saint. And from what she observed at the Slugclub he was well and truly... satisfied in that department. "Not to worry, these things take time of course...After all, you're only a young man, you need to go out and do things with your life before you go settling down and when you do I'm sure there will be many in line" she responded with a maternal smile and a light chuckle.The double standard in her aunt's philosophy was painfully clear to Eleanor and she couldn't help but let anger wash over her in response."What? So he gets a free pass because he's a man but because I'm a woman, I'm to be sold off to the highest bidder as soon as I turn eighteen? That's positively medieval" Eleanor spat out a little too harshly, disrupting the light-hearted tone of the conversation."Jesus Christ here we go with the Suffragette talk..." Abraxas groaned, rubbing his forehead in annoyance."Women have different roles dear, they have a natural clock that they must adhere to. Men do not. It's only natural that we should work towards our individual timings" it was delivered in a polite tone but, Aunt Edwina shot a warning glare to her with the words."And what if you don't care about your natural clock? Does that matter? Or do we just not ask women anything anymore?" she quipped back seemingly not letting the inappropriateness of the conversation hinder her response. "I agree with Eleanor, women should hardly be forced into these things...Marriage should be a willing arrangement, to think otherwise seems a little reductive. " Octavia chimed in, offering a smile to her."While I understand the sentiment of autonomy Eleanor...are you proposing that you do not wish to have children? Have you ever given thought to the fact that you are the last of the Grindelwald line? Who would continue your great house?" Actaeus interjected with a raised brow and a serious tone."Yes dear, you would be such a lovely mother one day" Aunt Edwina swooned, somehow managing to make it worse. Eleanor couldn't hide the grimace that seemed to deepen into her face at the profound misjudgement of her Aunts words. After all, she could barely look after herself let alone another breathing, living thing. It would be a complete and utter disaster.She ignored the smirk directed at her from Tom's direction, seemingly finding great joy in her displeased state. He had never seen her in a family environment before, being told what to do and when to do it - and have to listen. It was hilarious to him to watch, as he knew well she detested it."I don't imagine I would be a very good mother at all actually and to be perfectly frank with you, I'm quite happy if the Grindelwald name dies with me. After all, it's been nothing but a wretched curse" she replied with firey candour. This earned a shocked gasp from her Aunt and her Uncle just rubbed his forehead as if experiencing the most strenuous agitation. "Merlin, you really are finally losing it, aren't you?" Abraxas sneered at her."Why don't we talk about your romantic prospects Abraxas? I'm sure you can enlighten us with some promising information..." she jeered at him, waiting for a response. She let the cruel silence hang in the air in a moment of cruelty before adding "Or not?"."Shut up, Grindelwald...or should I say, Lestrange, won't be too long now" he sneered at her. He hated that she knew about Charlotte, it was a constantly irritating reminder that she had something over him."I wouldn't be so quick to side against me Abraxas. May I remind you that if I die with no heirs, you would receive my entire fortune. Or perhaps you're too mentally incapacitated to have come to that conclusion..." she quipped back."Alright, that's enough!" her uncle cut them off in a stern voice - finally hearing enough of the bickering, "please for Merlin's sake its Christmas Eve and we have Tom here as our guest, this is certainly not the appropriate time to be discussing the politics of marriage"Eleanor just rolled her eyes at the situation and huffed almost in a childish way that made Tom smirk even deeper from across the table. "Yes quite right Actaeus, why don't you boys go to the sitting room to finish your whiskeys? You can speak ministry politics there without us bothering you" Edwina responded, completely unaware of the internalised misogyny in her words. They stood up and Tom thanked her aunt and uncle for the dinner. "Off to bed girls, big day tomorrow" Edwina shooed Octavia and Eleanor with a dainty flourished hand. And with that, Eleanor strode off to the library - in the opposite direction to her bedroom.
  *** 
At a quarter past midnight, the fireplace roared filling the library with no other sound than the occasional crack of wood and Eleanors fingers turning the thick parchment paper of her books. She was currently reading a captivating book on ancient Russian blood curses, which roughly translated to a title called 'To bring death from the dark; blood curses of the Tsars'. In that moment, she was lucky that she was fluent. That was the advantage of growing up in Europe, most of the witches and wizards speak at least four languages. She was taking notes in her notebook about a particular curse called 'Uzel sily' which involved the binding of power from more than two people into one, devastating force. In all her time learning dark magic, she had never across something as potentially dangerous as this. However, some of the language was difficult to translate as it was in a kind of dialect unfamiliar to her - due to it being published in 1400 AD. She managed to transcribe the following:
  "The uzel sily 'knot of power' is a warfare technique that was commanded by Vasili Vladmimirovic to enact war on neighbouring lands and to seek justice for his people. Having travelled to the outlying edges of the world to conquer and establish trade, Vasili entered a snowstorm in which he travelled forty days and forty nights. It was in the midst of the Himilayan mountains he was rescued by Himadri, a witch versed in the ancient tongue of Nepalese magic. She cured him of his ailments and lead him back to his army. On their journey through the dangerous Himalayan mountain range, they were attacked by a swarm of valcore. Unable to fend them off with their lone strength, they formed a powerful bond that enacted chaos onto the beasts and freed them of their meeting with death. This is known to some Nepalese wizards as 'the lover's knot', but is commonly referred to in Russian teachings as the knot of power..."
She pondered this for a moment, a desperate desire to know more begging her to read faster. But there was no formula to the enchantment, there was only the story. She flicked through the pages, running her eyes down every paragraph to look for the mention of it again, but alas there was nothing."I see you haven't given up your tendency to sneak around at night, Grindelwald" a low voice echoed through the high ceilings of the library, snapping her out of the trance she was in. She let out a heavy gasp and her hands flew to her heart in the surprise of the noise. Slowly, Tom's tall figure came into her vision as she turned around to face the direction of the entrance, an unmistakable devilish smirk played on his lips."And I see you haven't lost your tendency to bother me" she replied back to him in an icy tone, suddenly becoming aware of her scattered books, notes and maps in front of them.He strode casually over to her and picked up a faded red book that sat on top of one of the piles covering the coffee table.  His eyes flickered over the title with a raised brow and indistinguishable glare, before having a seat in the opposite armchair."'Celtic Blood Hexes: A guide to dark defence...', You really are going to kill Lestrange when they make you marry him aren't you?" he said in a mocking tone. Tom had clearly enjoyed a few whiskeys after dinner, he seemed slightly less rigid and a glaze was over his eyes making his glare a little less intimidating.She rolled her eyes at him, not entertaining the jab at her unfortunate prospects."I don't recall inviting you to sit with me Riddle" she replied, turning her attention back to the Russian book, making sure to dog-ear the page."I prefer places I'm not welcome...it's more interesting that way" he replied defiantly, leaning forward to fully look at her. His eyes dragged over her body draped unusually on the armchair. Eleanors legs dangled off one end of the arm and her head rested on the other. He took out his silver case and lit the cigarette between his teeth, sinking into the back of the leather - still eyeing her. She smelt an air of whiskey and cigarettes float over to her and she tried her best not to revel in the comfort of it.She simply scoffed and returned to her work, quickly closing her notebook as she took another book from the 'Protective Wards' pile. He took this as an opportunity to continue lazily searching through her collection of books."If you're looking for Tolstoy, you won't find it" she drawled in annoyance, observing the way his genuine interest was captured by the titles."You know for a girl that 'prefers the subtle brilliant anecdotes of Austen'... this is a little dark" he shot back, with a teasing glint in his menacing eyes."It might come as a surprise to you that maybe, I like both...after all, isn't that precisely what Tolstoy said when he wrote 'All the variety, charm and beauty of life is made up of light and shadow'?" her voice was confident, almost delighted at the challenge he was giving her. "Yes, I'm sure when Anna Karenina was saying that, she was referring to 'Perilous Curses: The History of Arthurian Torture', Eleanor" Tom quipped back, holding up the battered book to her vision.She didn't have time to register the slip of his tongue calling her by her first name. Hearing the words, she couldn't help but let out a small laugh at his joke, after all, it was a fair comment.
  Why was he being funny? 

  He really must be drunk.
He reached for her thick black notebook on the table, but before he could take it, she grabbed it and slid it down the side of her chair. He watched as she did, with a raised brow as if he caught her in a silent lie. "Don't you have somewhere else to be?" she replied finally regaining her demeanour and attempting to dismiss him from interrupting her."I should be asking you the same question, after all, a library buried in banned books is a curious place to be for a lady on Christmas day" he flicked through another one of her books from the blood magic pile. Seemingly, a paragraph caught his attention and he sat it next to him at the little side table, intending to take it when he left. Christmas day? She looked at the clock, it was 1 am. She didn't respond to him and instead diverted her attention back to finding out more about the Knot of Power. But after a few moments, something came over her and drew out an acute moment of honesty."I can't sleep" she admitted again in a small voice and rubbed her temple slightly."So take your potion..." he instructed her matter-of-factly like it was the most obvious thing in the world. She averted his gaze quickly and hid her face behind the book, not daring to reply."You used it all didn't you?" Tom shook his head in exhausted disapproval of her everpresent flagrant disobedience.
  Stupid girl.
"It's not just that, I...I haven't healed yet, when you do it naturally it takes forever. Somedays I can barely even fucking walk down the stairs-" she bit back, but he cut her off before she could finish."So...go and see a healer" he suggested in an unhelpful patronising tone and a wave of his ringed hand."And say what Tom? Oh hello, Sir...I was drugged, abused and then almost raped by the Minster of Magics son...Can you please treat these disgusting wounds for me and promise not to tell my family or lock me up in St Mungo's?" she said facetiously.He grimaced at the words and looked away into the fire, not knowing what to say. He seemed to be debating something in his head for a moment but suddenly he turned back to her with an unsure look on his face."Alright well I'll do it then" Tom sighed, pulling out his wand and rolling up his white buttoned sleeves."There's no way I'm letting you do that" she scoffed shaking her head. "And why is that Grindelwald?" he asked with a scowl, trying to not let her lack of faith get to him."Firstly, because extensive healing charms are extremely difficult - way beyond the ability of school level magic and trust me...the damage is quite bad. Secondly," she paused glancing away from him, trying to gather the confidence to say what was on her mind "they're not exactly in the most appropriate of places" she finished in a small voice, not daring to look up at him."Are you forgetting that you were prancing around in only my shirt the other night?" he drawled at her, speaking as if she were the subject of a lobotomy."I was hardly prancing" she scoffed in disbelief. "Trust me Grindelwald, I've seen my fair share of women's flesh" he rolled his eyes, dismissing her incessant resistance. "Yes, apparently so" Eleanor responded not being able to help the high pitched judgement in her voice. "Jealousy doesn't suit you darling" he chanted at her, earning a harsh scowl in return. But that only seemed to entertain him further. "Don't be ridiculous. You can senselessly fuck whoever you like. I couldn't care less," she replied, but it was too defensive and Tom knew it."Do you want to be healed or not Grindelwald? I'm sobering up and charity hours are about to close" his tone turned sharp and demanding growing tired of letting the girl get away with berating him like no one else dared.She looked down and ran a hand through her messy hair trying to think of a way of the situation. Almost as if on cue, a violent wave of pain rushed through her as her spine adjusted to the new movement. "Fine" she replied in quiet contempt. His intense glare regarded her as she closed the book and shifted into a normal sitting position on the armchair, somehow losing all the confidence she commanded a few minutes prior. "We'll start with the leg" he announced coldly, gesturing for her to come closer with a flick of his fingers. The onyx of his ring glinted hauntingly in the hue of the roaring fire as he did. She sighed in discomfort, getting up and moving slightly towards him in the opposite chair - as if not entirely trusting his motives. When she got to a small distance from him, he looked up at her before he ran his hand through his messy hair in agitation and put out his cigarette."Closer, Grindelwald," he said in a low raspy voice, rubbing his forehead.She inched closer until her leg brushed against the smooth leather of the chair, slowly she began lifting up the black fabric of her dress to reveal her thigh. Eleanor couldn't look at him, the moment was awkward enough and the feelings that whirled in her stomach weren't helping either."It's barely healed at all...you didn't even get Octavia to take the stitches out for you?" he asked her, looking at the horrific state of the jagged slice."She doesn't know" Eleanor whispered, her attention locked into the way the light from the fireplace danced on the walls."Alright well, this is going to hurt" he proclaimed bluntly, with little apology in his voice. Sighing again in exasperation at the girl in front of him, he took his hand and wrapped it underneath her thigh steadying the limb and readied his wand hand in front. She gasped at the coldness of his touch and pushed down the cocktail of emotions that followed it.With a flick of his wand the wound began to steam as if it was being seared from the inside. She jolted slightly at the burning feeling and in response, Tom's fingers tightened their grip on her flesh. She bit her lip and tried to ignore the pain. His gaze was firmly focused on the damaged tissue. Slowly, the steam seemed to melt the lesion and it healed over into a fresh pink scar that traced the length of her upper leg. A faint picking tingle sensation washed over the area and she sighed as a tear fell from her eye."Where did you learn that?" she asked him softly, observing the closed wound in surprise."Where did you find those floorplans of the Ministry of Magic?" he retorted back at her in a nonchalant voice, clearly not going to offer an answer. Her jaw clenched as the realisation overcame her that he saw them."I'm interested in magical architecture" she lied. 
  Liar.
"Hmmm," he tauntingly mumbled with a raised brow, pulling away and allowing her to slide the fabric of her dress back down. She recomposed herself and found him waiting with a patient smirk.She turned around, pressing her eyes shut to calm herself from his ever-present interrogations and let out a long ragged breath. Then she reached behind her with contorted arms and searched for the dresses zipper, struggling against her aching muscles. He watched her as he took another drag of a cigarette, finding some sort of entertainment in her unwillingness to ask for help in the midst of her overall discomfort in the situation. After watching her pathetically fail for a few moments, he stood up in a sigh, letting the cigarette hang in the corner of his mouth and slowly closed the gap between him and her back. Silently, she accepted his offer of help and let her arms drop to her sides forcing herself to ignore the rapid beating of her heart in response to his closeness. An affront of lavender and petrichor wrapped around him as he neared so close to her neck and he all but stepped away. It seemed to be everywhere he went. In his bedsheets, on his robes and now, swirling around him.Tom's nose crinkled in response.He pulled down the zipper agonisingly slowly, revealing the top of her back, which was painted in disturbing blotches of purples, blues and yellows. The sight was sickening. Tom couldn't help but regret not murdering Bertie McLaggan as his gaze took in the aftermath of his revolting assault on her creamy skin. Violent thoughts entered his mind and he didn't fight them back, instead, he let them wash through him. "Tell me when to stop" he almost whispered, but there was an edge to his voice and the sound broke her from the affronting whirl she felt in her mind.When he got to the middle of her back she turned her head sideways to look at him."That's enough..." she breathed out, opening the fabric of the back of the dress and holding it at her shoulders. Eleanor felt lightheaded at the strangeness of the moment and averted her gaze to the wall of shelved books to distract her. Taking another drag, he grabbed his wand and began to prepare himself for the spell, his cold fingers took her hair and moved it to in front of her shoulder, exposing her bare back. Goosebumps appeared scattered over her skin as he did and he couldn't help but run his fingers over them. Slowly, he began the spell and watched the bruises dissipate into faint pink marks.Eleanor let the relief wash over her and unintentionally let out a small sigh at the cessation of aching pain. 
  He tried not to hear it but he did. 
"Done" he announced somewhat awkwardly without a hint of his usual bravado, quickly zipping her back up. Tom turned to the little table and grabbed the book the caught his interest before. "Uhhh...thank you," she said to him, returning to the seat and not meeting his eyes. He nodded curtly and with the book in hand, started for the exit seemingly done with their interaction. "Good night" she called out to his fading figure, relief washing through her at the distance between them.But he never replied and seemed to quicken his pace as he left the door. Eleanor was left in the library catching a breath she didn't know she was holding and staring blankly at the armchair Tom sat in moments ago - detesting the lingering scent of cologne and tobacco he left behind.Shortly after, she fell into a deep, unwavering sleep. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "And here you come,

  with a shield for a heart

  and a sword for a tongue"
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
As the sunlight crept through the stained glass windows a kaleidoscope of colour projected onto Eleanor's face. She stirred, feeling stiffness in her neck and opened her eyes to find she had fallen asleep in the library armchair.Glancing at the clock she found it was 6:43 am and she stretched slightly, taking a moment to feel the newfound peace in her thigh and back. Her bare feet tapped against the cool marble of the manor floor as she made her way back to her room on the second floor.Despite where she fell asleep, she felt well-rested. Her eyes were no longer struck with redness and her mind was calm and collected. Waving her wand with a flourish, the large bathtub in the bathroom adjacent to her bedroom began to fill. The water became a light shade of violet, as it bubbled with lavender extracts and rose petals. The scent filled her nose and it plunged her into a deeper level of relaxation. Once again, just for a moment, she was taken back to the long days in Provence with Clara.Sinking into the bath and feeling her skin tingle at the heat of the water she let out a satisfied groan that filled the air of the bathroom.It didn't escape her for one moment that today was Christmas Day and that soon she would have to go downstairs and watch her happy relatives enjoy themselves. It wasn't that she didn't want them to be happy, it was more that she felt so inexplicably lonely and sad watching those that weren't.Christmas used to be a very advantageous affair at the Grindelwald household and her mother would prepare at least two months in advance for the day. There would be enchanted Christmas trees lining the halls of the manor, snow charmed to fall from the ceiling - just to turn to dust before hitting the ground  and the constant smell of cinnamon and ginger wafting around. She smiled at the memory of Clara running so fast down the staircase on Christmas morning to open presents. It was these moments that she missed the most. The moments that she knew Clara would have enjoyed and profusely beamed at. The truth was Eleanor didn't care for Christmas, but she loved seeing Clara happy and so Christmas became her favourite day - because of her.The Malfoys seemed to be a little more austere in their celebrations. There was no enchanted snow or the delicious smells of Yuletide baking. However, there was one extremely tall, grand Christmas tree that graced the corner of the formal sitting room decorated with dainty silver and glass ornaments. This brought an earthy smell of fresh pine and moss into the manor. Apart from that and the occasional wreath, was just about the extent of their festive display. Although it was devastatingly minimalist, it felt appropriate for the home, its cathedral-like proportions would take weeks to decorate and Edwina Malfoy was much too busy out in society for that.There was a strict schedule for the day, outlined by a letter her aunt gave to her last week.
  9:00 am - Breakfast, Informal Dining Room

  10:00 am - Gifts, Formal Sitting Room

  12:00 pm - Christmas family portrait, Rose Gardens, Cocktail Attire (has been selected for you).

  6:00 pm - Christmas Dinner, Formal Dining Room, Black Tie

  7:30 pm - Refreshments and Dancing, East Ballroom
She groaned at the prospect of the formal dinner, almost surprised she hadn't been uninvited given her little speech last night. Eleanor was sick of gowns and formality. She longed to be alone in a cottage with a shelf full of books, a roaring fireplace and endless tea. But of course, that notion was completely beyond her life. She had to stay focused, do as much research as possible and train herself to be ready for the fight to come. Unfortunately, Tom seemed to be onto her, but he would never actually come to the conclusion that she was planning a suicide death mission to inflict vengeful murder upon Ministry officials.
  Right?
***Eleanor stared at herself in the reflection of the large mirror in her room. The bruises that covered her skin seemed to be all but faded and the unsteady posture that she had from the pain in her spine seemed to be gone too.Perhaps the cruellest thing about life, is that you can appear so perfect and put together on the outside,  yet be so incredibly broken within.She looked the picture of health, her dark curly hair was fixed into an elegant bun with strands that framed her face. A healthy glow fixed to her skin  making it appear she had been bathing in the sun instead of locked in a cold library. In her cheeks and lips, there was a rosy tint that made her seem youthful.But inside, she was chaos. Her blood boiled with the memories of her violent past. Her bones carried the pain of holding her dead sister in her hands. Her heart still beat arrhythmically in response to the Cruciatus and her head was a living hell that not even the Devil would find a home in. How paradoxical it was to be a young woman. So much pain and yet so much beauty. Both of which carry an immense burden, but you cannot bring it to yourself to break for it would be too ugly to bear.She sighed, smoothing over the velvet of the dark green dress that clung to her waist. Gathering the presents she had to put under the tree, she stepped out of her room.Ready to face her first Christmas as an orphan.***She poked at the breakfast sausage in front of her, seemingly in a daze. Her Aunt was giving them all a lecture in demonstrating 'etiquette and pristine behaviour' at tonight's Malfoy Christmas Dinner. Apparently, it was quite a social occasion and the extended family were all invited."That means no talk of philosophical rejections to marriage..." Edwina sent a pointed stare to Eleanor."No ungentlemanly remarks about guests faces'" a stare was fired to Abraxas, "and absolutely no sneaking off to closed bedrooms" a warning eye was sent to Octavia, who just rolled her eyes. Tom, of course, was excused from the threats and just sat there with an amused look on his face."Yes, Aunt Edwina" Eleanor drawled in a bored tone."And absolutely no reading in the library" she added, once again directing her pointed finger at Eleanor who just groaned in response."Why not?""Because Eleanor, there is no need for shutting yourself away when we have company to entertain. We have 50 rooms in this house and you have only bothered with your bedroom and the library, it's time to liven up" she exaggerated with a stressed tone.A small knock on the door distracted them all from the warning. Caspian Mulciber stood in the doorway, his dark features lighting up as he laid his eyes on Octavia."Cass!" she shrieked, getting up and flinging herself in his arms."Merry Christmas doll" he cooed to her, before bringing her in for a kiss that would be considered inappropriate by any standards. They didn't seem to care."Surely there's somewhere else you could be doing that, we are trying to eat you know?" Abraxas reprimanded them with a disgusted tone.Tom just grimaced in a similar way and averted his gaze to the Daily Prophet in front of him."Hello, Eleanor! Merry Christmas" Caspian called out cheerily, ignoring Abraxas' remarks."Happy Christmas Caspian" she smiled back at him, eyeing the way the couple clutched onto each other. She silently was thankful her bedroom was on the other side of the floor from Octavia's."Let's go for a walk" Octavia suggested to him with a wink, and with that, they rushed away down the corridor, presumably to her room.She couldn't help but let out a small giggle.Eleanor looked over to her Aunt who just sighed uncomfortably, shifting in her seat, before returning her attention to the fruit on her plate.She glanced over to the figure opposite her, his intense glare focused on the newspapers page. He was wearing a simple black shirt, something oddly casual for the man she was so accustomed to seeing in suits. She thought back to the image of seeing him in his dark green pyjamas and she had to fight the smile threatening to spread on her lips. Seeing him like this made her almost...like him. When he was stripped of the bravado and the egotistic reverence, a lightness was revealed. Of course, this was fleeting and she just as easily went back to despising him when he opened his mouth to condescend her."Oh, Eleanor that reminds me... you've been invited to dine with Lestranges next week -" Aunt Edwina began."Absolutely not" Eleanor replied, cutting her off."Are you sure dear? They're quite adamant about it and the house is simply extraordinary""I'm sure they'll live...if you'll excuse me" Eleanor sat up out of her chair and stalked out of the room, unable to hear anything more about Theodore Lestrange.***Light, festive music played from the grand piano in the corner of the room as they sat arranged around the grand tree. Much to her displeasure, Aunt Edwina had sat her with Tom on a sofa next to the fireplace. They sat as far as humanly possible away from each other and appeared less than interested in the unwrapping of gifts as their attentions were directed upon different parts of the room."Excuse me, everyone, we have an announcement!" an electrified voice filled the air. Octavia entered the sitting room with a squeal and all eyes fell on her and Caspian's exhilarated demeanours, with matched confusion."Caspian and I are getting married!" she exuberantly yelled, laughing with joy. Octavia extended out her left hand, where an obscenely large oval diamond sat, sparkling in all directions."Oh my, what incredible news!" Edwina shrieked, laying a hand on her heart and the other on the lap of Actaeus, who simply grinned up at them in conservative celebration.Eleanor stood up and rushed over to Octavia, engulfing her in a tight hug with a beaming smile."Congratulations, I'm so happy for you both, what lovely news" she exclaimed, taking Caspian in for a hug as well.Abraxas didn't get off the sofa but instead called out from a distance."Congratulations sister and my sincere apologies, Caspian that you are now required to spend the rest of your life with her. Although, I am glad it's you" he drawled, but it lacked the arrogant sneer that normally followed.As she made her way back to the sofa, she eyed Tom who sat uncomfortably still, smiling at them, offering what she could only imagine was an act of happiness. Eleanor couldn't help but laugh at his complete lack of emotional integrity."Well, what a simply divine start to the gift-giving, but I'm afraid I've been given the greatest gift of all... a perfect son-in-law" Edwina announced with a chirpy disposition.The many gifts were given out and the room was full of festive buzz and the remnants of ripped wrapping paper and ribbons. Eleanor sat in the corner and couldn't help but feel alone as she watched her perfect family gleefully laugh and celebrate. She was grateful for her gifts, a quartz quill, made from a rare mockingbird feather, as well as a silver necklace that had her family sigil engraved on it delicately.But there was something about the moment that was empty and hollow.She looked over to Tom who was glued to the pages of a new book he had been gifted on the history of the sacred wizarding families of Britain. Her uncle clearly favoured Tom greatly and she saw this get under Abraxas' jealous skin at times. He was given a shiny platinum watch as a gift and engraved on the inside was the Malfoy family motto, 'Sanctimonia Vincet Semper'. It was an old Latin phrase for 'Purity Will Always Conquer' and when he was given it he almost appeared as if he had never been given a gift before that moment.She didn't know why he had elected to abandon his own family on Christmas for the Malfoy's but clearly, he couldn't care less. At that moment she became irrationally overcome with jealousy of the boy. He had a family and he chose not to be with them and she would do anything on earth to be with hers.Pushing her frustration to the side, Eleanor took the necklace from the box and put it around her neck. Fastening it, she gazed down at the sigil, it was a wolf, bearing its teeth, wearing a crown and holding a rose. She was used to seeing the symbol embroidered on practically everything in her Tuscan home. It was even on the gates to their estate's entry. But not having seen it for such a long time, it was a stark reminder of her family and what was taken from her.
  ***
A long, painstakingly formal dinner followed the day and the formal dining table was full of the Malfoy extended family, which created an alarming vision of white-blonde hair everywhere you looked. Her mother's relatives all shared similar traits, tall and thin with pointy features and they all seemed to carry the same dreadfully snobbish air.Tom seemed to fit in as if he was one of the family. He sat next to her, turned completely away in a serious conversation with the more senior men of the table for most of the meal. She heard his impassioned speeches and silky deception and watched as they marvelled over him. One of her great Uncles, Cyrus Malfoy even referred to him as 'our last hope', she had to stop herself from gagging.Conversely, they all seemed to keep their distance from Eleanor, almost sensing her distaste for being forced to attend. Apart from being congratulated for her Grandfather's political efforts and the few empty words of condolences for her families death - that was the extent of their conversation. Even her Grandmother, Agnes Malfoy looked upon her with a lack of admiration. After telling her how much she resembled her 'troublesome father', she ignored her for the rest of the night.So she sat there in complete silence, drinking one cocktail after another, counting down the seconds before she could sneak off to the comfort of the library and be done with the boring crowd.Finally, her Uncle stood up and began to make a speech. If Eleanor was actually listening, she would probably have heard what it was about. But as soon as he started with "Never has there been a greater time to be a member of the prestigious Malfoy family"..., she altogether dissociated into a flurry of her own tipsy thoughts.As they all moved into the East Wing Ballroom, which was the smaller of the two in the manor, she grabbed a bottle of champagne from an elf and made a beeline for the library. Upon getting to the doors, she discovered it had been locked."Fucking Edwina" she scolded, getting out her wand and throwing a slurred 'Alohamora' at the doors. But it was no use and they stayed firmly shut.Sighing in defeat, she crept up to her bedroom, the long black silk of her dress train skimming the stairs as she did.
  ***
Eleanor sipped the final drop of the champagne and furiously jotted down another note into her book. She was unsure if the handwriting would even be legible to her sober self, but at the moment that didn't matter. It was midnight and her head whirled in a drunken state as she casually took notes on how to cast an illusion of fire over an enemy, alluding them into thinking they were burning to a crisp when she remembered something.Hoping up from her bed, her feet made their way to the small mahogany desk in the corner of the room. Opening the side draw, she took out a small present, wrapped in green paper. She briefly looked over herself in the mirror, ignoring her slightly smudged eyeliner and how her black silk strappy gown fell to expose her bare feet and took a deep breath.Opening her door, she crept to the next room down the corridor. Light poured in from the bottom, signalling to her that he was awake at the ungodly hour Eleanor decided to pay a visit.She knocked lightly and waited, instantly regretting it as the sound met her ears.After a lengthy wait, Tom's slightly annoyed and shocked face met hers as he opened the door. She took in the rolled-up arms of his white shirt and undone bow tie, making her think she was interrupting him from changing. Thinking of this sent a peculiar feeling through her, but the depth of her inebriation dulled it."Can I help you Grindelwald...?" he asked her cooly, running his gaze over her messy hair and soft features, which were aflush with a champagne infused glow. She was lacking her usual guarded disposition, which was generally afforded to him in a sharp glare."Actually yes..." she replied, walking forward towards him, but he didn't shift from the space at the door."Can I come in?" she proposed impatiently, gesturing with a wave of her hand to the inside of the room.He raised an eyebrow at the oddness of her request and seemed to deliberate for an offensively long time. Just as she thought he would turn her away, he ran a hand through his messy hair and sighed, stepping aside to allow her through.His bedroom was a very similar layout to hers, except everything looked profoundly more neat and tidy. The bed was made as if it had never been touched and a small trunk sat in the corner of the room with three pairs of shiny shoes lined up next to it. Perhaps the most striking difference was the green and silver hue that the room was decorated in.She lazily floundered over to sit on the sofa next to the fire, trying her best not to veer or stumble as she did. Picking up the book that was left on it, she placed it on the coffee table before plopping herself down casually, as if she had been there one thousand times before. He stood rigidly straight, still by the door, with crossed arms watching her every move with his quizzical brow and deciphering glare."Here's the thing..." she began with a slowed slightly, slurred voice, but when she met his gaze, she faltered and paused for a moment under it before finally continuing."I hate Christmas, but I love gifts" as she explained this, her hands moved in a quintessentially dramatic flourish as if she was back in Italy.Tom walked over to the bar cart and poured himself a large glass of whiskey. Letting her statement hang in the air awkwardly, he sat on the opposing sofa and took a long sip before replying."Go on..." he instructed in a low voice, his brow still hitched in confusion."You know my grandfather has this saying and he used to say it to us all the time - it's 'A Grindelwald always pays their debts'. It's a stupid saying, completely laced with ego and narcissism disguised as noble honour of course, but you see it's been drummed into me..." Eleanor babbled, seemingly letting the alcohol in her veins steer the conversation.He took out a cigarette from his case and lit it slowly, taking a long drag, seemingly needing the hit of tobacco in his own bloodstream.When he didn't answer, Eleanor continued, "Anyway, the truth is, I can't be owing anyone anything right now because I'm very busy with important matters".She took the green present from beside her and extended it out to him, leaning forward over the coffee table."So here you are," she replied, looking up from her lashes into his icy stare. Tom glanced at the perfectly wrapped package and the neat black bow that adorned it speculatively. And then slowly, he reached forward and took it, blowing smoke into the air as he did, creating a cloud above them.Eleanor fidgeted with the strap of her dress as she watched him study it with an air of wariness."You're giving me...a Christmas present...because you feel you owe me?" he questioned in a drawl that sent an embarrassed flush of pink to her cheeks."Yes," she confirmed confidently, silently accio'ing the whiskey from the bar cart and a glass, before pouring one for herself and topping up his. He knew he should've stopped her from doing it, but the gift had thrown him into a moment of pause.She took a sip of the whiskey and smiled as the burn graced her throat and warmed her heart."Well go on, open it" she demanded impatiently at him, taking the glass up to her mouth again.He sighed and rested his cigarette onto the ashtray before pulling at the silk black ribbon and neatly tearing at the green folds of the paper. As he removed the wrapping, a black book was revealed from underneath it. In small silver letters, TMR was embossed into the leather. Tom's gaze was fixated on it like it was a rare treasure from antiquity."It's technically a diary...But I thought you could fill it with all the potions that you've invented, and then one day you could sell it to a publisher and make millions of galleons as a writer" Eleanor explained in an elated tone that he seldom had heard before tonight.When he didn't respond and just kept looking at the book, she continued."I got it from this horrifically, creepy shop called Borgin and Burkes, it's absolutely deranged you would love it...The best thing about it is, there's an enchantment laced into the pages that only shows the content of the book to you, some sort of spell in the paper I think... So even if someone tried to steal the recipes for the potions they couldn't!" a childish excitement overtook her and her eyes glistened with wonder as she bragged about the find.Finally, his gaze redirected up at her and he blinked as he watched her take another sip of whiskey, finishing her glass with ease."It's...wonderful" he managed out. She knew that he would never muster up a 'thank you', so this was more than enough in the moment.She beamed in response, satisfied with his reply. With another whirl of her consciousness, she reached for the bottle of whiskey again. But this time Tom intervened, taking it from her and placing it out of her reach."I don't think that's wise Grindelwald" he warned, seemingly back to his usual, cutting demeanour. She just scowled at him with an annoyed sigh and began to look around the room once more."They gave you a very nice room, they seem to really like you" she observed out loud."Well, their only human" he quipped back with an arrogant drawl and took another drag.Suddenly her gaze snapped back to his and she burst into laughter at his attempt at a joke and the sound faltered him for a moment, as he watched her unfold in pure amusement."Can I ask you a question?" her voice was soft and she nestled into the back of the sofa, relaxing into the soft fabric."That depends on the question" he replied, but admittedly - he was curious."Why aren't you with your family? I can't imagine why anyone would ever want to spend more than five minutes with the Malfoys let alone a week," she knew it was a question he would avoid answering, but she asked anyway in her moment of alcohol-fuelled bravery.He took in her words with careful consideration and then, took a plentiful sip of firewhiskey before answering."Everyone has their own family drama," he replied with a soft tone but a set jaw."That's not an answer" she quipped back, pushing it further."Why do you ask?" he diverted the question back to her."Well, I decided today at dinner that I hated you" she confessed to him in an endearing tone, leaning her elbow on the arm of the sofa and resting her face in her hand."Oh really, and what did I do this time to earn that?" his voice was silky and his mouth twitched up in amusement.She paused and looked into the flames of the fire, watching them dance as they licked the air."I would do anything to be with my family today and yet some people just seem so...unappreciative of what they have. And I've gathered that you have some sort of disagreement with your family, but really, one day they'll be gone and you will be missing even the worst parts of them" she blurted out in a moment of drunken honesty."Sounds like you're deflecting" he retorted with an unempathetic smirk, taking another drag of his cigarette."Okay, well let me ask you another question then..." she continued, not satisfied with his answer, "Why did you lie about holidaying in Switzerland last night?".His jaw tightened slightly and his body went noticeably rigid."How about, if you ask a question...I get to ask one back, that's a bit more fair don't you think?" he replied, but there was a sly edge to his tone that Eleanor didn't detect."Yes, fine. Ask away" she commanded, waving her hand at him, gesturing him to hurry."What are you planning?" he asked menacingly low, leaning forward and focusing on her every move. Eleanor felt small under his intense stare and instinctively, she looked away, not able to handle it."Can't a girl have secrets?" she asked with a suggestive voice, attempting to claw her way out of the affront."I'm assuming it has something to do with that Grindelwald family talisman you spoke about..." he surmised with a knowing stare and a teasing smile.Eleanor's heart began to race and her mind screamed in protest to the invasion of privacy, but she attempted to maintain her nonchalance."What makes you think that? Seems a little outlandish to me..." she cocked an eyebrow up at him, attempting to turn the tables.
  But he saw straight through her.
"When we were in the library last night, amongst your research, I came across a whole stack of books dedicated to enchanted magical objects and talismans, did you think I didn't realise the dogeared pages and the notes stuffed into the sides?" he interrogated, ignoring her question altogether."You have no idea what you're talking about," she warned with a threatening stare."Explain it then" he demanded in a soft but authoritative voice that sent a shiver down her back and wave through her body."And why would I do that?" she laughed patronisingly."Because like you said, you owe me" he drawled with a cruel silky tone."Fuck off Riddle" she dismissed him, stealing the burning cigarette from the ashtray and claiming it between her teeth, sucking in as much as possible to drown her lungs.He raised an eyebrow at her disrespectful remark and suppressed the anger that flashed through him, but, he let it pass and focused on the smoke clouded girl that sat in front of him."Here's my theory... I think you're going back to Italy and you're going to steal it... arent you?" he jeered, taking great satisfaction in foiling her masterplan and watching the girl squirm before him."No" she lied bluntly."You really need to get better at lying if you plan on breaking into a Ministry flagged terrorist headquarters" he quipped back with a menacing chuckle, dragging his eyes over her silk-clad form."It's my home" she corrected quickly, "not a ministry flagged 'terrorist headquarters'" her tone was venomous, showing he had clearly struck a chord. And with that slip, he appeared triumphant at her final confession that validated his accusation."There will be guards... and wards...and I wouldn't think twice about using the floo system, they've got that tapped too" he warned her."I know" she admitted in a quiet voice but it had a hint of conviction to it that carried her own warning as if daring him to underestimate her.Tom just looked at the girl in front of him as if she were completely mad, with wide eyes and a judgemental brow. Then all at once, let out an exasperated chuckle and shook his head in disbelief at her blind courage, even if it was completely idiotic. She was brave - and he couldn't help but admire that. He took another long drag of his cigarette in an attempt to dull the admiration that was manifesting freely in his mind, not appreciating the sentiment the followed it."You're absolutely fucking mental Eleanor Grindelwald," he said in a low, dangerous tone. Tom's deep, icy stare was sharp but his features remained soft as he took in her alluring complexion once more."Well, at least I'm consistent" she replied with a half-grin accepting the criticism with a knowing self-deprecating humour. Mirroring him, she took a drag of the stolen cigarette. The smoke filled her lungs just as the dark amicability filled the room and they both relaxed.Tom only hummed in agreement, and his mouth twitched ever so slightly upwards suppressing another display of his entertainment. The sound reverberated around the room and Eleanor let it caress her flesh like the oddly satisfying sensation of an electric shock.When Eleanor finally decided she had outstayed her welcome, she walked herself to the door, leaving him in indecipherable, deep thought by the fireplace. As her fingers stroked the cold bronze of the doorknob, she heard a faint rustle behind her."Wait" he demanded to Eleanor, in his cutting authoritative tone. Her body stilled and her knees buckled at the sound, once again sending an odd sensation travelling through her which was a mixture of anxiety, anticipation and something else akin to thrill.She turned around slowly, her quickly appearing sobriety robbing her of the confidence she was filled with before. He stood a few inches from her, not meeting her gaze and almost appeared hesitant or regretful of his words. She raised a brow at him in question, finally finding his eyes as he dragged his stare up to her face.Slowly, he extended out his right hand and a glimmer of silver shone in it, bouncing off the golden hue of the fireplace. Eleanor looked at the item with knitted brows in confusion. Steadily, she raised her hand to his and took the item he was offering her.It was the silver cigarette case."I didn't...get you anything" he confessed, but it came out hard and raspy, "So...happy Christmas...I suppose".She raised the heavy case up to her vision to inspect it. A wave of surprise overtook her features as she noticed the engravings that embellished it.For once, she had no idea what to say to him and uncomfortable silence dissipated into the air between them."Merry Christmas Tom" she whispered, still taken aback and not able to meet the intensity of his gaze. With that, she turned on her heel and rushed back to her room. Slamming the door she pressed her back against the hardwood and let out a long ragged breath.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  "My heart is a cathedral.

  Widows, ghosts and lovers sit and sing in the dark,

  arched marrow of me"

  -Segovia Amil
 
  ***
As Eleanor sloshed into the bathtub at 11 am, her head whirled and pounded with the unmistakable beat of a dire hangover. She raised a hand to massage her forehead but of course, felt no relief. She groaned leaning her neck back to rest on the cool ceramic lip of the bathtub, enjoying the sensation of the coldness on her hot skin.Her eyes flitted over to the shiny silver item on her vanity and the exchange between her Tom came rushing back to her memory."Fuck" she sighed with raspy regret laced into her tone.Eleanor felt a panic rise in her as she remembered Tom knew her plan to steal the Grindelwald talisman and quickly made a promise to herself that she would never drink again. She considered the situation in her mind, surely he didn't care enough to tell on her. Although, she wasn't stupid enough to think that he wouldn't hold it over her if he wanted something. It became glaringly obvious that the only option she had was to completely avoid him for the rest of his stay.After all, her mission was too important to be compromised by any intervening or interruption from Tom Riddle.Why did he have this effect on her? One bottle of champagne and she almost told him all of her deepest secrets. Admittedly it wasn't just one bottle of champagne though, it was also about five martini's over dinner too. Actually, to be perfectly frank she was lucky she could even walk straight, let alone speak to him.Groaning again, she waved her hand and the bath steamed and bubbled until it returned to its original hot temperature."Pippy!" she called out with a desperate voice into the vacant bathroom.Suddenly with a small puff, a little house elf appeared with an anxious jitter."Yes, Lady Eleanor what can Pippy do for you?" he mattered in a high pitched tone that did nothing for the state of her head."Pippy, I'm in desperate need of a strong coffee and some hangover potion, do we have any restituo in the apothecary?" she asked with a small smile.In Italy, house-elves were treated as part of the family and were never subjected to the foul treatment she found they were in Britain. The first time she heard Abraxas order about Pippy and call him a 'stupid waste of space', she fired a hex at him and then didn't stop until he apologised to the poor elf. Pippy was her favourite. There was a soft spot she had for him, despite house elves' strange ears and building eyes she found them endearingly cute."Yes of course miss, shall I tell Lady Malfoy your up?" he queried."Oh I don't think so Pippy, I was rather antisocial last night and I think she might threaten to murder me if I make myself known to her" Eleanor explained with a small chuckle before going on."How about we keep this little interaction between us hey? An old school Pippy and Eleanor secret" she urged him, trying her best to sound convincing."Pippy will do anything for Lady Eleanor, Pippy will go and get the things you need and then be back" he squeaked, enjoying her kindness - which was a nice break from the Malfoys. And with that, he left her in a poof.With the promise of caffeine and an end to her insufferable headache, she dipped her head underneath the water, submerging herself into the bubbles. Desperately trying to drown the regret from her mind and the pull in her heart.
  ***
The benefit to the extensive size of Malfoy manor was that it was excellent for laying low and it many hidden passages and corridors served as convenient accomplices for her commitment to avoidance.Eleanor found herself under a gazebo next to the large pond on the grounds, far away from the house. Luckily she had managed to accio some of her most important books from the library and had set up a makeshift study station under the canopy.As the sound of the swans fluttering in the pond and the distant chirping of the finches in the trees met her ears she sighed in relaxation, slumping back into the wooden bench and closing her eyes. It was at this moment she realised that for the whole entirety of her being back, she had never once been outside.Admittedly, Eleanor missed the way the cool breeze whipped at her face and bit her nose and savoured the small bit of sunshine that shine down onto the grounds. There was something calming about the promise of natures ever-present, complex world happening all around her. None of these things cared about her terrorist grandfather, her marital status or even her motives for reading. Not the ducks, or the rabbits or the foxes.They let her be, and she enjoyed watching their complete and utter indifference.A page on summoning the activation of an enchantment embedded into a cursed object was the subject of her undivided attention. Eleanor didn't know if the talisman would simply change for her.
  Would she have to perform a ritual?

  A spell perhaps?

  Would she be able to sense the location of the book in the house?
Despite her not wanting to admit it, she was lost. But, she was committed to tearing apart all the rooms in the house until she found it. A small voice in her mind wondered if she could even bear to set foot inside the last rooms she found herself in before she was taken away. How could she look at the formal sitting room without seeing her mothers lifeless body draped over the grand piano like a broken doll? Would the floors of the kitchen still be stained with her sister's blood?She didn't know. Eleanor didn't have a fucking clue what she was walking into.And that scared her."Austen or Torture Manifestos?" a low, silky voice boomed from behind her. She gasped, jolting at the sound and her book fell to the floor, losing its page. Eleanor didn't have to turn around to know who the voice belonged to, it was all too familiar now."What are you talking about?" she questioned, not bothering to turn around and face him - preferring to direct her attention to the swans dancing along the surface of the pond.Footsteps sounded close behind her and Tom came to stand in her periphery, seemingly looking for what she had devoted her glance to."I was simply asking if it was Regency romance or Arthurian flaying spells that you were so lost in" Tom clarified, a hint of amusement playing in his voice.She scoffed at his dig at her apparently hilarious reading material and finally looked at him fiercely."I really wish it was the flaying right now, it would come in handy" Eleanor retorted with a sharp voice.He chuckled, the raven mess of curls bopping up and down into his face as he did. Surprisingly to her, he began to sit down next to her on the bench - albeit as far away as the length of it would allow."How's the hangover?" he jeered again.She didn't answer him and instead, ignored him and picked up her book, attempting to find the lost page. But something got the better of her and she answered him."Awful if you must know" she admitted with a sigh, her eyes still glued to the pages in front of her."You know Grindelwald, I've never seen someone drink so much and not comatose themselves completely" he mused as his eyes were surveying the pond in front of them. It was meant to be one of his usual cutting insults but it almost came out with a hint of endearment. Luckily, he was quick to disguise it."Is that a compliment?" she asked, turning to face Tom with a raised eyebrow and a small smile on her lips."Absolutely not" Tom scoffed back at her with a glare that all but told her she was completely deluded."Really because it sounds like one", Eleanor drawled back at him. She knew she was pushing him, but she couldn't help the amusement it brought to her watching him claw his way out of being seen with good intentions."If you think that me observing that you are the most efficient functioning alcoholic I've ever come across is a compliment - then we should probably send you back to Madam Fernella" his tone was sharp and harsh and the gaze he directed at her was sending a silent warning that he wanted her teasing to end.She rolled her eyes in annoyance at his complete lack of ability to be laughed at, even for just a moment. He really was infuriating to be around."You know I was actually having a pleasant moment before you rudely interrupted me with your 'observations'" she said, opting to turn her body slightly away from him and engulf herself back into the paragraph she had been so interested in before.There was a momentary pause in their conversation and Eleanor sighed in relief of the silence that allowed her to actually read and digest the information on the page inf front of her. But Tom made no move to leave and instead he seemed to be lost in his own thoughts for a little while."Tell me Grindelwald, are you under the assumption that its not completely obvious when you decide to avoid me?" he asked her, taking a book from the pile sitting between them and aimlessly flipping through it."Why would I be doing that?" Eleanor replied, annoyance clear in her voice. She hated that he seemed to know her every motivation and something about it made her feel uncomfortable that he saw too much of the inner workings of her mind."Because I know your dirty little secret obviously""Are you deliberately trying to edge me towards hexing you? Because you're doing a wonderful job" her tone was cutting and she was completely serious in her threat. Eleanor even looked at the wand lying beside her, tempted to point it in his face."Is that a compliment?" clearly he wasn't very threatened by her warning, because his mouth twitched up in amusement.She sighed in exhaustion, turning fully around to face him with what could only be described as a look of spent irritation."What do you want?" she asked him, eager to get to the point of his maddening teasing so she could be left alone again."I'd like to come" Tom replied simply.
  What?
Confusion took over her soft features at his words. She had absolutely no clue what he was. referring to. He gave her a condescending sigh, seeming frustrated at her slow understanding."To Italy...You would have to be completely insane to walk into a warded, Ministry guarded site by yourself, it's practically suicide..."She opened her mouth in protest about to speak, but he cut her off again."Evidently given your past, offing yourself doesn't bother you that much. But, I know you couldn't bear the shame at dying at the hands of one of them" he finished in a patronising tone.She scoffed at his thinly veiled attempt at appearing to want to help her."Do you think I'm a fucking idiot Tom? Don't try and swing this as if you care about me enough to help me. What do you want?" she asked pointedly with an arched brow and crossed arms."There's something I need and I believe is in your father's collection" he admitted in a low, serious voice.
  Bastard.
"Of course" she scoffed, slightly disappointed to be proven right."It's a locket. Something that was owned long ago by Salazaar Slytherin himself. I've looked extensively for it in Britain and France but I've found nothing..." he explained, but Eleanor cut him off before he could finish."So you want to rob me of an extremely expensive piece of my inheritance in exchange for your help - that I never asked for?" she drawled at him, in a tone that suggested he had been the victim of a brain injury."Exactly. And, may I remind you that if you were to go alone, you wouldn't see a dime of your inheritance anyway - because you'll be dead before you walk through the door" Tom stated in his characteristically demeaning matter-of-fact voice.All Eleanor would do in the moment was roll her eyes at the audacity of his request. As much as she hated to admit it, there was truth in his words. She was drastically underprepared to fight off whatever wards and Aurors might be guarding the home. Maybe she did need backup, but could she trust him?She deliberated in silence for a few minutes, leaving him to search her face for any hint of an answer. But she kept a well-practised poker face while she weighed up her options."Alright deal, but you only get the locket once I have what I came for...until then you have to help" she warned, before adding in deathly serious tone "and if you even think about betraying me, I'll fucking kill you, Riddle"."Deal" he agreed, once again finding some sort of amusement in her threats. He knew the girl was mad enough to actually try and kill him if he did attempt to betray her and somehow, that made it more humorous.She extended out her hand in front of him, gesturing for him to shake on their deal. It hung in the air awkwardly as he slowly considered it. Tom hated touching other peoples hands, it was something he despised for as long as he could remember. It started at the orphanage, when they were little they were made to hold hands as they strolled through the streets of London on their arduous daily walks. He was always paired with Betty Colbert, a slightly younger girl who wouldn't shut up the whole journey.His nose turned up at the memory and for a moment she thought he was going to reject her. But slowly, he extended his own hand out to meet hers and they awkwardly shook. It was rigid and unfriendly, but their touch had a strange energetic spark to it, which ran through both of them like a lightning bolt. Of course, they would never admit to that though and they maintained their steely, solemn gaze upon each other.Tom released her cold hand as quickly as possible and crossed his arms as if he was afraid to ever touch her again. She just rolled her eyes at him and grimaced at the rudeness. Eleanor had never met someone so austere, so completely inhuman. He was the only man that ever seemed displeased from her touch and she didn't like that at all."So when do we leave?" he asked, breaking the silence once more."We sneak out at the Rosier's New Year's Eve party. Preferably after midnight, when everyone's too drunk to notice us leave. I have to try and convince Lestrange to lie to my aunt and uncle about inviting me...well us...to his country house for a few nights so we have a believable alibi" she began."Leave that to me, he'll do what I tell him" he cut in. It was true, Tom had a strange hold over the boys as if they were all competing for his favour. She found it odd that they were so fond of him...he was a complete arsehole to them most of the time."Okay fine. Then, we apparate to Florence. We can't risk using the floo network, it's too risky now they're watching it so closely because of the war. It'll be close to the morning by that time, so we'll stay overnight in Florence city to rest and prepare".She momentarily looked up at him, breaking her speech for just a moment, shocked that he hadn't interjected with a better idea. But, he simply nodded at her to continue."We can't stay in a normal hotel, so we'll have to deal with a muggle one. I'll also have to find somewhere that I can exchange galleons for their local currency to pay for it, but I still need to figure that out - I've never had to do it before...Then, the next day we'll check out and apparate to Cortona, that's the closest village to the house...And I guess from there we just hope for the best and try not to get killed..." she finished, watching him take in every word intently."Oh! That reminds me, do you know how to use a telephone machine?" she asked him before he could reply."Yes..." he said in an obvious tone, before quickly adding "Well, I've seen people use them in London, they seem easy enough to operate".Her eyes lit up at the words, grateful she didn't have to teach herself how to use the confusing contraption."Wonderful, I need you to call The Four Seasons and book a suite. It needs to be under your name, not mine. I'm guessing the Italian Magical Society will have their ears open for any sign of a Grindelwald. Whichever one is the most private and has the most space. I don't want to have to obliviate any housekeeping staff for seeing anything they shouldn't" she commanded him, emboldened by their new pact.He just regarded her with a raised brow, clearly not used to being told what to do. Surprisingly though he didn't retort back at her, he just gave her a curt nod.They sat together under the gazebo for the rest of the afternoon and planned the details of their escape. Eleanor shared her gathered knowledge on Auror used wards and the curses that could disarm them. Tom in return told her about the hexes that would be most useful against the guards, making sure to only use offensive, untypical spells their adversaries wouldn't have prepared for.It was an odd sight to see Tom and Eleanor get along so well. And from a distance, if you didn't know the horrific crime they were planning - they almost looked like a pair of young lovers, deep in profound conversation next to the tranquil pond.At least, that's what Octavia and Caspian presumed when they strolled past them on their afternoon walk across the grounds. A small smile plastered onto her perfect features as she watched them both, engulfed in each other's words and excitedly pointing to pages in their books. She even swore she saw Eleanor laugh at something he had said and it was the first genuine laugh she had ever seen from her cousin."Well isn't that surprising," Caspian observed with shock."Actually, I've suspected it for some time...she's always denied it of course but, I mean, look at the way they're looking at each other!" she whispered excitedly. Octavia never liked Tom, she thought he was mean and arrogant just like her brother. But Octavia liked to see Eleanor happy and he seemed to be the only one that gave her an ounce of that."Why do you think they're sneaking about?" Caspian mused confusingly."They aren't like us, Cass, they're terribly emotionally stunted... I imagine they don't even realise they're in love yet" she giggled, watching how Eleanor stood up to practice the wand movement of a spell and Tom, stood behind her, wrapping his arm over hers to correct her. What they didn't realise of course, was that Tom was in the midst of calling her an idiot for waving her wand about too dramatically to conjure a powerful killing curse. This was followed by a string of threats upon his life and a warning to never try and show her how to kill someone again. The couple walked off silently, not wanting to disturb their secret rendezvous, giggling together as they headed off back towards the manor. 
  *** 
Later that night, Eleanor found herself packing for their journey abroad. Not knowing what to expect, she sent the entire contents of her wardrobe into the small case that she had enchanted to be a bottomless pit of space. She had to be prepared for any situation she found herself in and she thought it was better to be overprepared than underprepared. A small knock at the door drew her out of her thoughts and a flash of white-blonde hair peered through the cracked open door, revealing Octavia's sweet, smiling face."Only me" she announced in a chirpy tone."Oh come in!" Eleanor invited her, desperately wishing she had the foresight to hide the case that was open on her bed and stuffed with neatly folded clothes. A small wince graced her features as Octavia's bright blue eyes flittered to the case and then back to her."Running away?" she mused, taking a seat on the bed and staring cheekily at the trunk."Actually...yes" Eleanor admitted. She figured she may as well tell Octavia everything. After all, she's too smart to believe that Eleanor would willingly be going on a holiday with Tom and Theodore to Scotland for a few days. Plus, Octavia's support would help strengthen the believability of their alibi. "Well, well, well...If it isn't Eleanor Grindelwald escaping for a romantic rendevous!" she giggled, looking through the trunk with slight disappointment.
  Romantic?

  Rendevous?
"Darling, we need to get you some lingerie," she picked up a plain beige g-string from the depths of the trunk, "this will simply not do...unless he only likes to do it in the dark I suppose" she laughed.Eleanor's brows knitted together in confusion at her words."What ?" she asked the giggling girl in front of her."Don't worry dear, I know about Tom. You don't need to hide it anymore..." she beamed at her triumphantly, but something on Eleanor's leg caught her eye, stopping her comments dead in its tracks."What's that?" Octavia questioned, concern gracing her features as she pointed to her thigh with a dainty finger.
  Fuck.
Eleanor didn't expect any visitors at the late hour, so after her bath, she slipped on a silk nightie that cut just above her mid-thigh, revealing her newly sealed, jagged scar."Oh, that" Eleanor giggled awkwardly, desperately trying to think of a lie on the spot, "I've always had that, haven't you ever noticed?".But her foolish attempt at deception didn't convince Octavia for a moment and she jumped from the bed to make her way over to her. Crouching down and lifting up the hem of her nightie a little, she took in the wound and inspected the fresh pink colour."Tell me everything was it him? Was it Tom?" Octavia questioned with serious alarm in her voice that put Eleanor on edge.She scoffed at the words and how utterly untrue her accusation was. Eleanor's gaze averted to the far wall, refusing to look at her cousin in the eye."No of course not" she spat, hating the violent memories that were flooding into her mind.Octavia stood up and placed her hands on Eleanor's shoulders, trying to make eye contact with her dark blue eyes that were trained away."What happened Eleanor?" she asked, low and serious. Something in Octavia's tone told her that she had no choice but to tell the truth.
  And then it happened.
Her eyes began to well with hot tears, as the altercation in the stairwell flashed before her vision. And for the first time since the night it happened, she burst into tears. Octavia was quick to react, wrapping the shaking girl in a tight hug, soothing her with a light pat of her hair and kind words."Eleanor, it's okay. You're okay. Just tell me what happened and we can fix it, together" she cooed, worry clear in her normally perky voice.But she couldn't speak and it seemed all her body was capable of was crying into the shoulder of her cousin.After about half an hour, Pippy brought a steaming pot of peppermint tea and some shortbread biscuits as Octavia finally got Eleanor to relax on the sofa next to the fire. "It was the night of the Yule Ball" she croaked, finally ready to talk when all the tears were dried and no more could possibly come out."I lied to you. I was never at a Griffyndor party that night...no one ever spilled beer on my dress..." she began quietly. Octavia just listened patiently, stroking her back in an effort to comfort her."Bertie, he...he gave me a potion and" she took a deep breath, steadying her emotions trying not to let the tears prick at her eyes again before she continued " he tried to...take advantage of me in one of the second-floor stairwells...""What?!" Octavia almost yelled, in a voice laced with disgust and shock, "Eleanor...I'm...I'm so sorry".Octavia couldn't believe what she was hearing, she shook her head and buried her face in her hands."He used a spell to rip my dress open...but he...he fucked up and sliced a bit of my leg too" she explained, in a dull, saddened tone, "hence the leg..."."That absolute fucking evil bastard...we have to go to the authorities Eleanor, we have to tell mother and father..." she began in a flurry of panic, but Eleanor cut her off quickly upon hearing it."No" she exclaimed, a wave of seriousness overtaking her, "Listen, Octavia, no one can know...after all, who are they going to believe? The clinically diagnosed lunatic daughter of a terrorist or the Minister of Magic's golden boy son?" she said with venom in her voice."So what...happened to Bertie, when he...jumped off the astronomy tower...that was you?" Octavia asked, secretly hoping the answer wasn't yes. Although, she would be a liar if she didn't admit she was glad."No, I wish..." she replied, turning her gaze to the embers of the fire.After a moment, something seemed to click in Octavia's mind and a look of surprise passed her features."It was Tom wasn't it?" she declared, her mouth making a little 'O' shape in bewilderment. Eleanor simply nodded, not able to swallow her pride to admit he did it for her."He...he found me when I was running away...He helped me" the last part was a whisper, almost as if she was confessing it to herself more than her cousin."Tom let me stay that night, I was too afraid to go out again...that's...that's why I was in the..." Eleanor continued. "Men's shirt" Octavia finished, looking as if it finally all made sense to her. They sat for what seemed like an hour talking here and there and sipping tea. When Octavia finally left, she let out a long, deep breath. A weight had lifted off her chest and finally, for some reason, she felt better.That night, Eleanor -still unable to sleep - stared at the silk canopy ceiling that draped high over her bed. Entertaining every little violent thought that passed her mind, she imagined the many ways she would get her revenge on Bertie McLaggan.  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "A mask tells us more than a face"

  -Oscar Wilde

  ***
  
  
The train of Eleanors gown skimmed down the marble stairs as she hurried from the east wing to the parlour, where her family were anxiously awaiting her arrival.She was ten minutes late and she knew she would never hear the end of it. Eleanor had already been given an official warning about her tendency to be tardy. Her aunt insisted it was 'incredibly unladylike' and 'not the behaviour of a well-bred woman'.Nearly tripping as she rounded the corner sharply, she burst into the room - a thin layer of sweat giving her normally pale skin a flushed glow.Her family and Tom were standing around the fireplace, dressed in their finery and turned around to gaze at her with variations of annoyance."Sorry! I had a zipper conundrum" she defended, with rolled eyes and a sigh."Shame, I almost thought you had generously decided to rid us of your presence for the evening..." Abraxas sneered, downing the last inch of his firewhiskey.He was standing next to Tom by the window sill, both of them dressed in their sharp, black tuxedo robes. She took in Tom's postured form, which was expertly wrapped in finely tailored fabric. Somehow, as he stood there, he effortlessly made Abraxas look less aristocratic. A feat for any man.Her eyes met Toms and heat rushed to her face as she realised he noticed her staring.
  Why was she staring?
"You look beautiful Eleanor" Octavia beamed, walking over to her and taking her hand to spin her around, admiring every aspect of the dark green embellished gown which glimmered in the warm candlelight."Indeed Eleanor, what a sight you'll be for Theodore's sore eyes!" Edwina thrilled with a giggle, once again finding a moment to push her into unwanted matrimony.She could only scoff at her aunt's remark, with a scrunch of her nose at the thought of ever being involved with the boy that single-handedly had slept with 60% of the girls over the age of 15 at their school. This was a reliable statistic that Ezra had calculated personally during one of their lunch hours. And as if that wasn't concerning enough - this wasn't including all the older women from upper years he had managed to corral either."I'm sure Theodore's sore eyes will be perfectly content wandering over every woman this evening Edwina" she retorted, taking a glass of champagne from Octavia and downing it completely. She desperately needed some sort of alcoholic relief to give her the strength to deal with her Aunts social engineering tonight."Alright that's enough, we're already late..." Actaeus cut them off in an exasperated tone, taking Edwina's arm and striding quickly into the tall fireplace. He took a handful of floo powder in one hand and without another glance, he threw it to the ground."Chateau de Rosier, Loire Valley" his sharp voice commanded and with an emerald firey flourish, they were gone.When they had vanished, Eleanor made a quick point of eye contact with Tom, who returned it with a curt nod."Oh shit...I've forgotten my mask" she gasped, in an effortless act of genuine surprise."Honestly Grindewald, I'm sincerely starting to think you have half a brain" Abraxas sneered, with a look of complete irritation taking over his sharp features.Tom opened his mouth, to offer to stay behind and wait for her as they practised, but before he could speak, Octavia grabbed Abraxas' arm and dragged him to the fireplace."No worry, Tom would you accompany Eleanor? Brax and I desperately need to leave...So much to do, so many people to see" she babbled, silencing her brother's protests with a warning glare.It was at this point that Eleanor realised Octavia was doing her own social engineering."Of course, you go" he replied slightly shifting in his stance uncomfortably.They disappeared in a roaring flash, leaving them alone in the small, cozy room."You really are the worst liar I think I've ever met" he berated her with a sharp tone.Ignoring him with a roll of her eyes, she accio'd her black trunk, catching it with force as it flew at lightning speed into the room. Tom did the same with his own, except, with a controlled wave of his hand, it landed softly at his feet.
  Show off.
Eleanor rushed over to the sofa, reaching for a thick strip of black lace that was hidden underneath one of the pillows. She reached around her head and tied it onto her face, adjusting to the discomfort of wearing the fabric over her face. The intricate fabric had two small holes stitched into it, allowing her to see clearly.Tom shrunk both of their cases into nothing but the size of a pin and put them in his jacket pocket that was stitched on the inside and then he made his way to the fireplace."Try to stay out of trouble tonight Grindelwald" he drawled at her with a judgemental glare, before grabbing the floo powder and disappearing without her."Asshole" she muttered in disbelief, following his lead and climbing into the fireplace.
  ***
When Eleanor arrived at the chateau Tom was nowhere to be found, clearly not interested in doing her the courtesy of waiting for her to arrive.She was taken aback by the sheer opulence of the ballroom. It was different to the Lestrange manor, although it shared the dramatic proportions and high ceilings - it wasn't dimly lit and gothic. Instead, the chateau had a light, airiness to it that seemed to be glittering with the reflections of the several crystal chandeliers that adorned the ceilings. She became lost in wonder at the sight, as it created a feeling that she was looking up at white stars that had shattered into a million tiny pieces and were floating above her head."Nor!" she heard an excited, deep voice call from behind her. She turned around and peeked through the large crowd of elegantly dressed, masked guests to see a tall, skinny brunette boy donning a golden mask that carved an elegant line through half of his face."Ezra!" she laughed, running over to him, overcome with pure joy. Eleanor found herself missing their time together over the holidays, she felt the absence of him making her laugh and the genuine kindness he afforded to her.They engulfed each other in a tight hug and he whipped her around, lifting her off her feet."Look at you" he crooned, taking in how the reflection of the chandeliers bounced off the crystal beading on her own dress - it almost made her look like she was glittering."I missed you Ez...and...If I had known you had such an incredible home, I would have come much sooner" she admitted with a giggle and taking in the splendour of the ceiling again"Well then stay as long as you please! Like actually... I'm so bored out of my fucking brain by myself here. Just...try and avoid my parents they are particularly...french" he drawled, handing her a cocktail."French as in chic and glamourous or french as in bitchy and arrogant?" she asked, taking a sip of the vodka martini."That's the problem, they're both" he laughed, taking her hand and dragging her over to the far end of the ballroom, where she could see her friends had gathered and quickly established the space as their own.She eyed Theodore Lestrange who was standing on top of one of the glass coffee tables and was reenacting some sort of duel with inspired dramaticism. The boys crowded around him in hysterics, drinking firewhiskey and smoking cigars. Octavia and Charlotte were sat next to them on a chaise longue, looking upon the display with discernment and lightly shaking their heads. A chorus of happy greetings met Eleanor as she approached."My love!" Theodore called to her from the height of the table, whipping around to take the sight of her glittering green form in."Theodore, already up to no good I see" she called up to him with an endearing half-grin.He jumped off the table, stumbling slightly, and came to trap her in a large bear hug. He reeked of alcohol and she attempted to swat him away for it, but he wrapped an arm around her back and leaned into her ear."I hear you're going on a little holiday..." he drawled, with a devilish wink that could be seen a mile away through his red mask."What on earth are you on about?" Eleanor asked him hitching her brow."Tom asked me to cover for you two while you're in Italy... he said it was for research purposes but I know a fuckcation when I see one" Theodore declared with a cheeky smile, forcing their glasses together in a 'cling' of celebration."You're fucking mental if you think..." she began with a childish sneer."Shhh. Shh. Shh Grindelwald, spare me the lies. Just promise me you'll use protection yeah? Don't want my future wife stuck with any bastard children" he jeered, with a poke at her arm. Theodore knew exactly how to push her over the edge and he was doing a fantastic job."I've already told you, we're not getting married. Ever" she replied harshly to him in a hard whisper and poking him back a little too forcefully. "Yeah - tell that to my fucking mother" he laughed, "Speaking of, they've threatened me my inheritance if they don't see us dancing...so at some point, we're going to have to get out there," he said in a slight slight slur, gesturing to the middle of the ballroom which was taken up by cheerfully dancing guests, before downing another gulp of his firewhiskey."Is that before or after you blackout with one of these French girls in your sheets?" she retorted with a knowing smile and a silky voice."Before - and hopefully they'll be more than one. We must not limit our possibilities love."She could only laugh at his depravity and as she did, she felt the familiar first whirl of inebriation run through her body. Instantly, her muscles relaxed and the darkness that was always present in her mind seemed to numb slightly into the background. Eleanor couldn't help but smile as it did and she took a moment to savour lightness that pervaded her senses.A dignified cough sounded from behind them and they turned around to see an extremely glamorous woman wrapped in fur and a tall, serious older gentleman with a cigar hanging out of his mouth."Mother, father...to what do we owe this pleasure?" Theodore drawled, attempting to contain his level of drunkenness.Judging by their demeanour, they didn't look convinced at all."Theodore, we're glad to see you've taken a momentary respite from jumping on the Rosiers antique furniture to finally entertain a respectable lady..." Mrs Lestrange drawled, her cold and sharp tone cutting through their humoured mood. She was an extremely attractive woman, who despite the signs of age that graced her face seemed to be classically beautiful - like a film star from the picture theatre. It was odd to see her frosty disposition be so juxtaposing to her features.Although Eleanor thought that perhaps if she had raised someone like Theodore Lestrange all the carefree happiness and youth would be drained from her too."Good evening Mr and Mrs Lestrange" Eleanor greeted them with the most polite voice she could muster. Mr Lestrange didn't say much, but he gave her a curt nod in a look laced with arrogant approval before taking another huff of his cigar."Eleanor darling, we're so pleased that you've decided to spend some quality time at Balmoral with Theodore for the New Year" she beamed at her, "Roderick and I would love to host you at our Summer residence after you finish school in July" her cold tone that was used with Theodore was replaced with a sweet, adoring one."That would be lovely mam, thank you for the invitation, it's very generous of you," she responded, wanting desperately to be removed from the conversation before she agreed to something she shouldn't.Especially something that could lead to her walking down the aisle and becoming the new Mrs Lestrange. A personal worst nightmare for Eleanor.This seemed to satisfy her immensely and she turned quickly to Theodore's hazy smile before leaving."Behave, remember who you are representing," she said in a warning tone, with a sharp point of her silk gloved finger. And with that, they strode away into the crowd of jubilant guests."Well, she's a bit fucking scary" Eleanor giggled staring at how the crowd parted for them as if they were royalty."I was way too high for that conversation, do you think they could tell?" he asked her with a sincere questioning glance."Yes, absolutely" she laughed.And with that, they returned to the rowdy group behind them.
  ***
After a few hours and many drinks later, Eleanor was once again whirled around by Theodore on the ballroom floor, who was taking an interpretive approach at the foxtrot they were dancing to. Admittedly, it was plenty of fun to dance with him and Eleanor found his commitment to making her laugh at any cost incredibly entertaining."So have you spoken to Esther Lennon lately?" Eleanor asked with a cheeky grin as he drew her down for another deep dip.She thought back to the night of the Yule ball - before her life was turned upside down. A memory of her watching Theodore hang onto every one of Esther's words with nothing short of adoration crossed her mind. In that moment, he looked at her like all women wanted to be looked at by a man, with complete and total reverence. She had never seen him like that,  it was like a stranger was walking in his skin."God no, she's too smart to be dallying with the likes of me, darling" he explained, but a small ounce of sadness could be sensed in his voice that replaced his usual boldness."Maybe you should send her a letter and be honest" she replied with a small smile, attempting to give what little advice she could to the boy."And say what Grindelwald? Esther, I'm a complete fool. I drink too much...I gamble more than I read...My reputation is hanging by the thread of my good name...My grades are pitiful...Will you please go on a date with me?" he drawled, a sense of pained honesty was laced in his tone as he said the words."Yes, that's exactly what you should say," she responded with conviction, "smart women want honesty, not broken promises and charades.""Is that what you want?" he asked her, twirling her around once more on her toes as the orchestra delivered the final piece of the music."I don't know what I want Theodore..." she admitted. It was true, she had no idea. She knew what she thought she liked from the books she read, but it was foolish to think that anyone could match the likes of Mr Darcy or Edward Rochester. After all, these men were the imaginings of women and Eleanor thought perhaps we gave men these divine complexities and good hearts because we couldn't find their real counterparts in life.The music came to an end and they silently began to leave, but as they did, Eleanor felt a small tap on her shoulder and a polite clearing of someone's throat from behind her. As she turned around, her eyes widened at the sight. A tall, attractive man with tan skin and dark eyes stood before her, with his arms behind his back. He was dressed in an all-black suit, akin to something a Russian nobleman would wear. Despite being hidden under his white mask, Eleanor recognised him immediately."Anton!" she breathed out, taking in the presence of the boy she had known for almost a decade. He had definitely matured and looked more like a man than the boy she remembered."Privet, dorogaya kak ty?" he greeted her with a low, soft voice and a small smile. They embraced in a tight hug. "What are you doing here?" she beamed up at him."May I have this dance?" he asked in his thick Russian accent, looking to Theodore for some sort of acknowledgement. It was tradition to ask the male partner for a lady's hand to dance. Eleanor obviously detested this vile misogynistic tradition.For a moment he just stood there with a confused look on his face but nodded, farewelling her and stepping back into the crowd, quickly heading straight to a group of oggling french girls.Anton bowed to her elegantly and she returned it before he took her hand and whisked her away into the slow waltz that the orchestra played."What brings you here to France? My god Anton I don't think I've seen you for at least a year..." she asked him, happy to see a familiar face from her past."Yes, it's been a while...I'm here for work actually, meeting some important people...And you?" he replied, sweeping her across the floor in an effortless display of dignity. It was definitely different to dancing with Theodore."Ezra Rosier, whose parents are hosting this evenings celebration is one of my dear friends from school. I uh..." Eleanor briefly looked down, trying to find the words to say, "I moved after... everything happened...to live with my cousins in England"."I'm truly sorry to hear about your family Eleanor, I was shocked and dismayed when I heard..." he began, but she cut him off, not wanting to entertain the sadness any longer that began to freely spread into her mind."Thank you Anton, but I assure you, I'm okay - it's in the past" she lied, with all the confidence she could muster up.He seemed to buy it."I actually have a message for you dorogaya," he said quietly, leaning into her ear so only she could hear.Her brows knitted together and confusion overcame her features."A message? From who?" she asked, trying best not to forget the footwork of the dance as she spoke."Your grandfather sends his regards..." Anton began, in a low raspy voice into her ear, "he says he has wanted to write to you, but they've been watching him closely...He has a plan for you, Eleanor. He's going to keep you safe."A rush of anger came over her upon hearing his words."Keep me safe?" she scoffed, "Like he kept my family safe?...Tell that to Clara" she spat back at his unsuspecting face."Eleanor what happened to your family is his biggest regret in life-" he started to defend with wide eyes."He hasn't bothered to contact me at all, does that sound like regret to you Anton?" she replied, adopting a cold glare and a biting tone."They're watching us all the time. The war is coming to a head and when he wins - he will take power over all of Europe. Do you know what that means?" he searched her face, as if waiting for her to answer, but when she didn't, he continued."It means you will be the second most powerful person in the world, Eleanor. You are the sole remaining heir of the Grindelwald house...he is counting on you to be smart..." he spoke like he was paying her a compliment, but she only became angrier with every word."Jesus Christ Anton, I'm so sick of being a chess piece in the wars of power-hungry men. Tell my grandfather that he may not count on me, for anything. Tell him that my trust in his word was buried with my sister" Eleanor growled back at him.It was at this moment she realised they had stopped dead still in the middle of the ballroom. Curious eyes from the crowd analysed them as the sea of dancing couples whipped around them in a blurred circle."Is this man bothering you Grindelwald?" a low, raspy voice sounded from behind her. Tom's signature glare was painted onto his face and there was an odd, silent exchange in the glances between him and Anton that made her skin crawl."Yes actually - Anton was just leaving" she declared, delivering a farewell icy glare to the boy, who was still overcome with shock at her reaction.Just as he was about to leave, he reached into his jacket pocket and leaned in to plant a chaste kiss on her cheek. As he did, he slipped a piece of parchment into her hand. Anton hovered momentarily at her side, whispering into her ear."Your family died for the cause Eleanor. They died for our victory. I hope you honour that sacrifice..." his voice was hard and rough.She only sneered in return and pushed the piece of parchment in the pocket of her gown, not bothering to read whatever propaganda was scrawled onto it. When Anton disappeared, she turned to Tom who was looking at her with a questioning brow. She shook her head with a sigh, refusing to explain the confrontation that had just occurred. Slowly, he nodded and extended out his hand to her. She looked at it as if it was a gesture completely foreign to her.
  Was he? Asking her to dance?
Although, judging by his demeanour, it wasn't so much a request as it was a demand. She looked around at the eyes from the crowd that seemed to be glued onto her and in a desperate attempt to subdue their interest, she took his hand and they began to dance."Who was that?" He asked, his touch on her waist burning into her skin and causing an odd flourish in her stomach that she couldn't quite place."An old friend...well...at least I thought he was. Apparently, he works for my grandfather now" she said slowly, still taken aback by the fact that they were dancing.He only nodded, preceding to fall deep into thought. Despite this, however, the way he moved them across the floor didn't falter one bit as he did. Tom had a look on his face that meant only one thing, he was deliberating something. She took the moment to regard how different he looked in a mask. The plain black that cladded the top half of his face made him look almost older, defining his cheekbones with more contrast and drawing attention to his piercing blue eyes. "Are we killing him...or?" He finally asked, breaking the silence."No!" she couldn't help but laugh at the sincerity in his words "We are not doing anything of the sort. He's just one of my grandfather's stupid soldiers completely blind with fanaticism" Eleanor dismissed, a humoured smile still on her lips as he twirled her around with a strong arm."What did he want?" he pushed again, holding her eyes with an intense stare."My support for the cause," Eleanor said with a small voice and a roll of her eyes.He regarded her with slight surprise in his reaction."You don't support your Grandfather's political effort?" his tone was measured but a hint of astonishment could be detected within it. Eleanor had come to be quite good at recognising these things in him."Not since that exact cause made me an orphan, no," she said in a low, unforgiving tone.He seemed to contemplate this and then gave her a small nod, almost as if he was saying he understood her point of view. "What do you believe in then?" Tom asked after a small pause, sweeping her into another effortless turn about the room.She took a moment to think about his question, she debated lying but she knew he would see right through her so it was no use. "Justice" she answered with a clenched jaw.It was only one word, but it may as well have been a 10-page dissertation to Tom. There was a part of him that finally understood a key component to her mind. Like a rogue puzzle piece had clicked into place, satisfyingly painting a picture that had been shrouded in mystery."What do you believe in?" Eleanor returned, her voice was low and serious. She didn't know what she expected him to say, but his answer came as an abrupt surprise. "Order" he confessed and without her knowing, it was one of the rare moments in life that he had told someone something so simple yet so profoundly personal.They finished the dance in silence, never taking their meticulous gaze off each other. To an onlooker, the intensity may have been seen as an act of desire or devotion. But to Tom and Eleanor, it was a vigorous moment of analysing, scrutinising and contemplating their counterpart.When they began to walk off the dancefloor, they left with a deeper understanding of each other than anyone else could ever have.***  As expected, it was all but too easy to seek her Aunt and Uncles permission to go away, especially after a night of drinking and socialising. Eleanor knew that she should have asked her Uncle, but the truth was her Aunt was the real boss behind closed doors, so she skipped to the chase. She found Edwina sitting at a table of horrifyingly sophisticated older women all clad in expensive silks and fabrics gossiping about their husbands, children and of course the other - lesser - guests. "Well of course darling that sounds simply wonderful! I hear it's lovely there in the Winter" she replied as if she hadn't already known Eleanor was going to ask after being told by Mrs Lestrange hours ago."And if it's okay, Tom will be coming too as a..." she cringed at the word, "chaperon. I just think it would be more proper that way - we don't want anyone getting the wrong idea" she let out an empty laugh in her desperate attempt at buttering her up.Her aunt looked for a moment as if she would cry of happiness in a sort of proud mothering way, of course, making Eleanor feel sick. "You are just so responsible, of course, he can go too - I'm sure his guardian would allow him to be in such fantastic company" she babbled. 
  Guardian?
She pushed the burning questions that underpinned her aunt's words aside and smiled in gratitude. "Great! Well, we're going to leave shortly, I'll send an owl when I get there" she confirmed, placing a kiss on Edwina's smooth cheek. "Have fun darling" she dismissed her, excitedly turning back to the pack of wolves with fresh gossip to feed on.When she finally found Tom, he was where she found him at most parties, huddled away with Ezra, Ludo and Abraxas speaking in low tones a small distance from the rest of her friends who were in a fit of deranged, drunken laughter. Eleanor never actually knew what their meetings were about, but she knew they were more serious than common boyish gatherings. There was something about their faces when they were together like that as if they were planning...plotting. She cleared her throat to interrupt them awkwardly. As they looked up to greet her, she gave Tom a subtle gesture indicating that all had gone to plan and that they should leave.All at once, the ceiling of the ballroom filled with confetti and balloons, signalling the countdown to the New Year was upon them. The orchestra began to play a drumroll and an exciting atmosphere filled the air. 
  "TEN!"
She walked over to Toms side and turned closely into him, whispering into his ear. 
  "NINE"
"We really should-"
  "EIGHT"
"go while they're"
  "SEVEN"
"distracted"
  "SIX"
He nodded and handed his drink to Abraxas, who was watching them with a confused glare. After all, seeing them dance and now speak in whispers was entirely suspicious - and he had no idea they were even friends.
  "FIVE"
"Theodore will cover"
  "FOUR"
"for us. The floo"
  "THREE"
"network is in the"
  "TWO"
"foyer. Are you ready?" he asked her, now fully screaming into her ear due to the rambunctious noise around them being nothing short of deafening.
  "ONE!"
The ceiling erupted into an incredible display of fireworks, turning every shade of pink, yellow, blue and green imaginable. For a moment the look of joyous awe passed her features. It was at this point that Eleanor dragged her eyes down to see everyone around them engaged in some sort of tongue war with each other. Abraxas had disappeared entirely - probably with Charlotte. Theodore had found his two French girls. Ezra was madly wrapped in Ludo and of course, Caspian and Octavia were practically fucking on the sofa. It made for an extremely awkward moment considering that she was so close to Tom. They didn't dare look at each other and instead just gazed down at the floor in unison. Both were entirely disgusted by the display before them. After a short while, he took her hand and began dragging her through the crowd. It was the opportune moment for escape as people either still had their tongues down someone else's throat, or they were far too drunk to notice Tom and Eleanor making a dash for the exit. When they were clear of the crowd, he dropped her hand and lead the way through the grand chateau to the foyer. He seemed to know his way through Ezra's home well, making her think he had been here many times before. They rounded a corner on the first floor, almost at the imposing central staircase, when they were affronted with the sight of Charlotte sitting on a window sill with Abraxas between her legs. Needless to say, they were in quite an inappropriate position. They didn't realise of course, as they were rather busy but Eleanor certainly did. And although Tom didn't stop for one moment, by the look of repugnance on his features - he did too.All she could do is giggle and she swore she saw him shake her head at her blatant immaturity, but he was ahead of her so she wasn't sure. Either way, it was hilarious. After a few minutes of taking a series of back corridors and sneaking through the service kitchen, they arrived. The vacant foyer was tiled in black and white squares of marble and had a terrifyingly large portrait of the Rosiers on the far wall. Tom threw the tiny objects from his pocket onto the ground and with a wave of his wand, they returned to their normal size. In an act of unprecedented gentlemanliness, he took both his and hers and strode towards the fireplace. Eleanor followed suit, climbing in next to him trying desperately not to brush his shoulder as she did. "Okay, ready" she huffed, still catching her breath from the run."The Four Seasons Hotel, Florence" Tom announced with a booming voice. Travelling by floo was always an odd experience for Eleanor, although she liked it far more than apparating - which was a complete nauseating nightmare. It was like being placed in the worlds fastest elevator - except with the momentary fear of being burned to death by green flames. There was no heat involved of course, but the fear was still there nonetheless. Upon arriving, they were brought into a small bar-like room that was completely empty, save the bartender who was fast asleep on one of the barstools next to an empty bottle of wine. "Why is there a floo in a muggle hotel?" Eleanor asked him, climbing out and brushing off the trace of ash that was left on her sleeve."The ministers use them for any formal meetings with muggle heads of state and it just so happens that they meet here when they're in Florence" he murmured in his matter-of-fact tone, making his way to the door.As they opened it, a large palatial lobby was revealed and in the centre of it sat an imposing desk manned by two muggles, who were busy at work writing and on the telephone. "Just let me do the talking," Tom said in a low, quiet voice but it almost sounded like a warning. She rolled her eyes in response, after all, it wasn't like she was going to whip her wand out and start conducting charms everywhere. As they neared, the man that was writing looked up to them and with a hint of surprise in his complexion, straightened rigidly and gave them a smile."Ah Buonasera! Welcome to the Four Seasons Signore e Signora" he beamed at them. "Yes, good evening sir - we have a reservation for Riddle, I spoke to a gentleman named Lorenzo yesterday" Tom replied in an act of what could only be described as forced kindness. "Ah yes! Let me have a look" the night manager began, flipping through a large book in front of him, "The Presidential Suite, I believe"."Yes, that's the one" Tom confirmed with a curt nod.Eleanor couldn't help but watch in fascination at the man in front of her. She always found entertainment in watching muggles conduct their everyday lives, they had such antiquated lengthy ways of doing the most simple things. There was an odd beauty to it, like a dance with too many steps. Finally, he took a golden key out of a draw and handed it over to them."Here we are, The Presidential Suite is located on the third floor in room 301, it has an incredible view of the Gherardesca Gardens and has been fitted with a telephone if you require any room service or assistance at all from us. Would you like me to escort you?" the man offered with a kind smile. "No, thank you - we'll be perfectly fine" Tom replied with a short and empty smile. "Well, then enjoy your stay Mr and Mrs Riddle and please don't hesitate to come to us for any questions you might have" he responded. Eleanor stared wide-eyed at the man, in a bout of champagne infused shock. 
  Mrs Riddle?
It was so foreign to her, so completely strange to hear. She almost burst into laughter, but Tom would of course think that was completely immature. "Eleanor!" Toms's voice called from a distance. At that point, she was interrupted from her thoughts as she realised she was still standing dumbfounded in front of the desk and Tom was already halfway up the giant staircase. Quickly, she ran to catch up to him, careful not to trip on her gown as she hopped up the carpeted stairs. They were silent until they entered the elevator and then she burst into laughter. Tom pinched the bridge of his nose with an exasperated sigh as if he was a tired, old man."Mr and Mrs Riddle?" she questioned him, in between laughs."What do you think this is Eleanor? The Caribbean? This is a five-star establishment. Imagine what would they think if I rang and made a reservation for two, unmarried young people. It would be a bloody scandal - they would hardly have given us a reservation" he berated her with a sharp, condescending voice. It may have been the fact she hadn't slept in a while or perhaps, it was the alcohol in her bloodstream but she couldn't help but find his snarkiness humourous. She smiled, muffling another fit of giggles. "Married people don't book two-bedroom suites" she contended him with a teasing grin. "Yes they do, especially when men have wives as incredibly irritating as you" he bit back, leading them to the room from the entrance of the third floor.She rolled her eyes but kept the grin on her face.When they entered the spaciously luxurious hotel room, she was overcome with surprise as she took in the beauty of it. It was hardly what she would call a 'hotel room' and it was more like an opulent apartment, fit for royalty. Eleanor had never stayed in a hotel room before, her family had always opted for booking entire homes or castles. It was more private that way and since they were politically active - it was safer as well. There was a strange charm to the concept of hotels that she had always seen in films and read about in books -  and she relished being in one. Tom quickly inspected the space - before claiming the larger of the two bedrooms and closing the door without offering any hint of a 'goodnight' to her. Clearly having endured quite enough of her company for the time being. But she didn't mind, as she liked having time to herself to explore the rooms and marvel at the chocolates left on her pillow.After a while, she ran a hot bubble bath in her bathroom and conjured a pot of earl grey tea. As she was sliding her dress off, a piece of parchment fell to the marble floor. She picked it up, remembering Anton's words as she did. 
  "Your family died for the cause Eleanor. They died for our victory. I hope you honour that sacrifice..."
She scoffed at the memory. What would Anton Fedorov know of sacrifice? He was a rich, privileged boy who grew up with more power than he did sense.Slowly, she hopped into the hot bath and unfurled the parchment to reveal a letter. 
  Dearest Eleanor,

  I am sorry it has taken so long for me to reach you and I am sorry you find yourself in such a dire situation. It was never my intention for any of you to be hurt and my only happiness is that you made it out with your life. 

  The war effort in Eastern Europe is practically won. Their ministries are under my control and I am protected in Germany by my loyal followers. Only England, France and Italy stand in my way and then we shall be reunited. 

  I am so proud of you Eleanor, you are strong, smart and brave - a true exemplar of the Grindelwald spirit. The most important thing now is that you stay safe, don't do anything brash or impulsive. Your time will come and when it does all eyes will be upon you. 

  Until then, 

  Grandfather 
She stared at the letter in complete bewilderment for a moment, before scrunching it up and throwing it to the floor of the bathroom. "Fucking arsehole" she muttered to herself.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "In the end, we'll all become stories"

  -Margaret Atwood
 
  ***
"Grindelwald?" A muffled voice sounded from the other side of the door.
  Knock.

  Knock.

  Knock.
Eleanor stirred in the sea of thick cotton sheets.
  Knock.

  Knock.

  Knock.
She turned over with a moan - not ready to be welcomed into a higher state of consciousness."Honestly Eleanor - it's practically midday" Tom berated a few meters away from her, but it was clearer than before.Slowly she opened her eyes at the noise, jolting slightly when she finally noticed his presence leaning on the edge of the door frame. He was gazing at her barely visible slumbered form buried in the several duvets with an annoyed look plastered on his face."Oh god- I'm so hungover..." she winced bowing her messy head into her palm and shifting to sit up slightly. A subtle pulsing of pain whirled into her as she did."Yes, that tends to happen when you have a drinking competition with Theodore Lestrange, I'm surprised you're alive actually" he replied with no trace of sympathy. Tom was fully dressed as if he was on his way out somewhere, hair neatly combed, shirt freshly ironed and shoes polished.She crinkled her nose at his ever-present perfection."I'm going to go and exchange the money at the wizard's bank. Where is it?"He was all business this morning and any trace of their camaraderie was replaced with his usual cold, seriousness. But she was far too hungover to tease him and risk his blunt insults being thrown at her so early in the morning, so she just accepted it.She sighed at the affront of his demands, adjusting to the light pouring into the room as Tom waved his hand at the blinds revealing the flood of the harsh sun.If she had her wand she would hex him."In the little velvet purse - it's in my trunk" she croaked, pointing at the suitcase which was lying open on the ground, various clothing items sprawled around it carelessly.Tom seemed to be completely disgusted at her lack of tidiness and he glanced up to shoot her a judgemental look but seemed to freeze when his gaze met hers. His eyes widened as if he was shocked by something. Slowly, his gaze trailed downwards to her chest and then up again."What on earth are you wearing?" he asked in an indecipherable tone, a brow hitched as far as it could go. Eleanor's usual dark green silk nightgown was nowhere to be seen and replacing it was an incredibly sheer, lace pink teddy.
  Fuck.

  Fucking Octavia.
She instantly pulled the covers up to her neck with a look that could only be comparable to a deer in the headlights."Pyjamas" she desperately defended with a lie, but her high pitched voice gave her away."That's an interesting word for it" Tom mumbled, regaining his composure and turning to the case, sifting through its messy contents with a sigh.He fought the urge to start folding her clothes and swallowed a heavy insult about her lack of organisation.She internally groaned, her face completely flush with embarrassment. Eleanor instantly began thinking of a lie that she could throw his way to justify the situation. But alas, she couldn't come up with anything.Sighing, she decided she may as well just tell him the truth - as that was the only way she could maybe get an inch of her dignity back."Okay fine... i'll tell you - but you're not allowed to laugh" she warned him with a piercing glare."I'm not really the laughing type, Grindelwald" he returned, not affording her a glance as he still rifled through the case."So a few nights before we left, I told Octavia that we were going away..." she paused, hoping he would catch on and save her the shame of recounting it out loud.But he didn't seem to, so she begrudgingly continued."I obviously didn't tell her why we were actually going - and so she was left to her own...interpretation", Eleanor looked up from the sheets she had fixed her eyes upon to find him busy counting the money in the purse, not appearing to be paying her words attention in the slightest."Clearly, she had the completely wrong impression, because when I opened my case last night I found all my pyjamas had been replaced with...other things", the last part came out as a whisper, almost horrified she was admitting something heinous.And to her, that's exactly what the lingerie was. A heinous contraption designed with the most impossibly uncomfortable fabrics - all to wrap a woman's body up like a gift. It's seemed almost reductive.At least, that's what she thought. But given Tom's reaction upon seeing it, her mind began to wonder if this presumption was altogether wrong. It was only for a second, but the look of want in a man's eye is difficult to miss, even if it is Tom Riddle. She would be lying if she failed to admit that seeing it caused her stomach to flip and flutter in ways it has never done before.So maybe when used correctly, Eleanor thought, it might be of some benefit to a woman. However, it was far too early in the morning for such invasive thoughts and she was all too happy to bury them deep into a crevice of her mind she didn't visit often.Eleanor watched as Tom's attention remained solely on the purse. She couldn't work out if he had completely ignored her story, or if he was choosing not to dignify it with a response. But alas, he recounted the money again without a word."Grindelwald are you aware that there are 10,000 galleons in this purse?" Tom said with condescension in his tone."Yes, why? Is it not enough? I wasn't sure of the exchange rate...it's all so confusing" Eleanor began to babble, pleased that he had seemingly been bored with her story."That's £50,000 in muggle money..." he drawled at her like she was a complete idiot.She rolled her eyes at his rudeness, shifting slightly in the bed as she began to feel uncomfortable. She had never had a man in her room before, nor had anyone seen her in her nightgown and definitely not in what she was currently wearing. And yet, Tom was there, casually unaffected by the closeness - the intimacy of seeing her in bed, underdressed. It felt improper, like she was breaking some sort of rule. And yet, this wasn't the first time they had been like this.Eleanor came to the realisation that she wasn't uncomfortable with how they were currently but how easy it felt for them - as though they were used to it.As she thought about this, she realised he was waiting on her to answer."I can go and get more... if that's...""The hotel is £1000 and the exchange fee is £2 it's more than enough" he muttered, seemingly not able to make eye contact with her anymore, his eyes fixated on the far wall.Perhaps he was thinking the same thing she was.She doubted it."Oh, well I didn't know so...h...hey! you're not leaving without me are you?" she called after him as he began to stride out of the room with a hastened pace."Do you really think I'm going to let you strut around Florence when your grandfather is currently the most wanted criminal in the world?" he turned around to her, clearly alluding to her being absent of fundamental brain capacity. When he finally made eye contact with her, it was harsh and full of judgement.She scoffed, getting up and wrapping the sheet around her as she did to disguise the frilly pink lace that was barely covering her body."And do you really think I'm letting you strut away with my money?" she countered, "You know if you leave I'll just go out anyway, so you may as well wait". Eleanor was aware she looked completely mad, wrapped in a bedsheet like a distraught Roman emperor with terrible bed hair, but she didn't care.He seemed to be deliberating in his mind for a moment before he sighed with a shake of his head like he was regretting the decision he made already."You have two minutes and then I'm leaving... and I'll be warding the whole room so you won't be able to get out" he threatened her in a low, dark tone.With a wave of her hands, the doors flew shut on his face and she rushed to the bathroom to conjure up a washing spell and to fix her wild hair into something that resembled an updo. Stumbling, Eleanor put on the first thing she found in the case, a long black dress that flared at the waist and a pair of low heels. Before grabbing her woollen tan coat and a scarf, she applied a thin layer of perfume while looking in the mirror, surveying the look she managed to pull together in less than a minute.Octavia would be quite proud of her actually.Bursting through the door, she was unable to hide the look of profound satisfaction at beating his ridiculous two-minute timing.Sparing her only a short glance and a grimace, he almost looked disappointed that she made it out in time. And, was even less happy when he took in her clear joy at succeeding against him.He walked exactly three steps ahead of her their entire journey into the cobblestoned streets of the main centre of Florence.Eleanor couldn't help but trail behind, gazing at the beautiful Romanesque architecture that seemed to be around every corner or taking a moment to smell the delicious scent of freshly baked bread from the Panettieri. She didn't realise how much she missed Italy until this exact moment and memories of her father taking her into Florence as a small child began to rush into her mind.Suddenly, Tom stopped in front of her, eyeing the Pantheon from across the piazza, and he turned around to finally acknowledge her. He couldn't help but notice the warmth that seemed to prick at her skin and the genuine smile on her mouth.It was an altogether unfamiliar sight but a pleasant one nonetheless."Wait in here," he gestured to the little tourist cafe next to them, "I'll be back soon".Eleanor wanted to protest and demand that she come with him, but she knew he wasn't going to go off with her money. Not when he had the chance to get his hands on the Slytherin locket, which was worth far more than whatever was in that purse. Also, admittedly Tom was right, many people in the Italian Magical Society would recognise her immediately and could inform the authorities of her presence.Her stomach growled impatiently as she looked at the glossy pastries in the window."Okay, but don't be too long..." she said, offering him the purse."Don't do anything stupid" he replied sharply, turning on his heel and striding towards the stone building.
  Bastard.

  ***
Eleanor sat for half an hour at a small table outside, every so often averting her eyes from the book in front of her to see if Tom might be in sight. Just before leaving, she had managed to shove her copy of Pride and Prejudice into a small black handbag and she was thankful for the distraction.She had been to la banca della societia di magia plenty of times with her father over the years she lived here. Eleanor liked to go into the Pantheon and watch in awe as the muggles around them seemed so blind to how witches and wizards appeared in and out of the back wall constantly. The south face was enchanted to only let those with magical blood enter through it, revealing an entirely elaborate bank on the other side. Unlike its tourist counterpart, this part of the building had been up-kept, as if a day hadn't passed since the age of emperors and gladiators. It was simply beautiful to behold, like possessing a time machine for a single moment.While waiting, she had ordered two paninis and an assortment of pastries that could very easily feed a family of eight. The food was another thing she missed about her home. Her house-elf, Lupo used to bake fresh sour ciabatta every morning and somehow found a way to find the creamiest bocconcini.There was nothing like it in Britain. Meals at the Malfoys were elaborate but bland. It was almost always some form of roast, vegetables and pudding for dessert. She yearned for a good cacio e pepe or the simple delight of a soft tiramisu.The sound of the chair in front of her being pulled out dragged her from her delicious memories. Tom sat down, acknowledging her with a simple nod in greeting and filed the purse away into his coat pocket."Are you hungry?" she asked him, avoiding the temptation to ask him what took so long."No" he replied, opting to take a cigarette from his pocket and lighting it - not with the usual click of his fingers, but with a lighter instead."Oh come on, this is the best food on earth...you need to try it" she offered, putting a panino and a small biscuit in front of his suspicious glare.He simply stared at it for a moment, before sighing and picking up the biscuit to take a small bite. He did it in such a way that he might be worried it was poisoned, but upon chewing it he gave no sign of it not being to his liking. Shortly after, he had another bite. And then another.Eleanor couldn't help but laugh at his reaction. Even in eating food, he was a stubborn asshole."So did they ask any questions?" she asked after a moment of silence, watching him finish the rest of the treat."No, it was rather straightforward. It was the queuing system that took the most time, it's like these people don't know what an orderly line is..." he looked around observing the tourists around them with a judgemental glare."I'm going to get you a coffee," she offered, trying not to giggle at the prospect of seeing Tom have to deal with the chaos of Italian bureaucracy. There was something about the presence of deepened dark circles under his eyes that made her think he might need one.
  Why wasn't he sleeping?

  Was he up all night worrying about tonight?
A million questions filled her mind and the fact that they were all answered left her anxious.When she came back, Tom was flipping through the pages of the book she had left on the table. He seemed to stop at a particular paragraph and was analysing it intently."This Bingley is a complete fool" he murmured, finally taking a sip of the cup of coffee she put in front of him five minutes ago."I like him, I think he's brave for wearing his heart on his sleeve - and it's not his fault...he was basically manipulated by his sister to end things with Jane" she replied, taking another bite of the pain au chocolat."The man hasn't got a backbone, Eleanor. It's pathetic," he spat."I'm sure you think love is a weakness then..." she asserted with a teasing scoff."Don't be daft, of course it is" he replied matter-of-factly, turning the page.She knew that this would be his answer, but the way he delivered it with such fervent confidence - as if it was a long-known truth - was almost unsettling. It bothered her in ways she couldn't describe. She paused, watching him read for a while and giving him the chance to perhaps change his mind."Have you read it before?" Eleanor finally asked."No, of course not" he replied, almost finding humour in the idea that he - Tom Marvolo Riddle would sit down willingly with a Jane Austen novel."Well that explains a few things..." she observed with an exasperated sigh, laced in disappointment."Let me guess...you think love is a virtue?" he mocked her, now distracted from the page entirely at the words of the foolish girl in front of him."No, I'm not that stupid...I think love can be many things all at once, it's complex - like we are,".He was looking at her like she was mad, but she continued in an effort to explain, "In the same way happiness is an emotion full of fault that on the surface could be easily be seen as a virtue...Perhaps we find it in the wrong things, perhaps we base it on the suffering of others, or maybe we simply seek it for selfish reasons...Either way, it is both a virtue and a fault - it just depends on which way you look at it... " she murmured, going slightly quiet under his gaze."You overestimate the complexity of the masses Grindelwald" he retorted sharply, dismissing her words.
  ***
  
  
  
Shortly after, they began to walk back to the hotel, finding themselves in an argument, bickering about the exact time they should leave for Cortona. Suddenly, Eleanor stilled, mesmerised by the tall stone building to her right.It was the Uffizi.Ever since she was very young, her mother would take her to the Uffizi Gallery and she would walk the halls for hours, taking in every detail of the paintings.They didn't move as the magical ones did of course, but somehow, this made them more interesting to her. It was like a single moment in time was captured and every small aspect told a unique story. Maybe it was the fact that she grew up in a house cladded with precious art and filled with artefacts and statues that would rival any museum, but she loved these places. It was like a book was written on every surface of the wall, just waiting to be read, analysed and debated."Come on Grindelwald, let's -" Tom began, frustrated at her lack of pace - but she cut him off."Have you ever seen a real-life Botticelli?" she asked him, her eyes glittering with newfound excitement."No, why?" he asked her, sending her a confused stare.She let out a small giggle and grabbed his hand, pulling him as she ran to the entrance of the gallery and ignored his protests. As they stepped inside, he snatched his hand out of hers and pulled her over to the privacy of the far wall."What do you think you're doing?" he demanded in a cold tone."It's one o'clock, we don't have to leave until six - " she began, walking away from his angered glare. But before she could, he grabbed her by the wrist and pushed her against the wall, this time a little too forcefully."Has it escaped you that at this very moment you could be identified and reported to the Ministry? We've already risked far too much by being here in the first place. If anyone caught you prancing around Florence alone, with a trunk full of banned books - you could be captured and tried for assisting your uncle's terrorist plots" his tone was cutting like a sharp blade."I don't think anyone from the ministry will be at a muggle art gallery on a Tuesday afternoon Tom," she rolled her eyes, "Haven't you ever heard of fun?""You're fucking insane if you think that risking your life for some paintings is fun" he hissed, now only inches away from her."Look, there's a fair chance that we won't make it out alive tonight. Do you want your last day to be spent locked up in a hotel room with someone you clearly despise, or, do you want to have born witness to the most influential renaissance art ever created? Because I know what I'd rather...""Eleanor..." he sighed, clenching his eyes shut in aggravation. He recently came to realise that she had a very unique way of completely draining him of all his energy to the point of madness - and this was a perfect example of such a moment."You're welcome to go home and brood as you please, I'm not stopping you," she said in a tone that Tom knew now was her profound stubbornness.He paused for a moment, looking into her eyes once again - deliberating in his head. She watched him and bit her lip, knowing that if decided it was too dangerous he would literally drag her back to the hotel if he had to.But after a minute or two, the war in his head seemed to be won and he sighed in defeat."Fine, one hour - that's all" he warned her with an exasperated expression and a pointed finger.She burst into a fit of excited glee and in her moment of elation, planted a grateful kiss on his cold cheek with a string of thank you's. Instantly, she turned away and ran up the marble stairs to the first exhibit, leaving the shocked boy completely frozen in his place.
  Did she just...kiss him?

  On the cheek?

  Did she just...thank him?
It took Tom a few minutes to recover and admittedly he considered running back home right then and there - but instead, he found himself travelling up the stairs and entering the door that Eleanor disappeared through.Tom had never been to an art gallery before. Every now and then, the orphanage had an occasional field trip to the museum but never the gallery. The matron didn't believe art was meant for the entertainment of children and so she all but banned any cultural activities. But this was something completely beyond his expectations. He was overcome with astonishment as he entered the wide hall, which was lined with portrait after portrait by the most prolific artists in history.He hated muggles for most things, but one thing he could not fault them on was their art. Many famous artists were of course not muggles at all. Da Vinci himself was a wizard and of course, so was Michaelangelo. But others weren't so lucky and simply seemed to possess the natural talent of reproducing beauty onto a canvas.Tom found Eleanor hypnotised in front of a painting of a naked woman emerging from a shell in the ocean."Isn't she beautiful?" Eleanor sighed, taking in every stroke of Boteccelli's work. Although Tom wasn't sure if she was even talking to him or simply to herself.When he didn't respond, she turned to him with a sweet smile, revealing two dimples etched into her cheeks."It's called the Birth of Venus, she's the goddess of love and beauty...the story goes that she was born in the sea like a pearl and swept onto land to grace the world with her gifts""That's absurd" Tom retorted. He never had time for such childish stories."It's obviously just a muggle myth" she rolled her eyes at him, "but it's still lovely nonetheless".He looked over to the one next to it, which was rather violent in contrast to the woman in the shell.It depicted a young woman, severing the head of an angry man with a dagger and in the corner of the frame sat a devilish figure, seemingly encouraging her to do it. There was blood dripping down his neck and onto the sheets and the woman appeared tearful. It was almost haunting, like the scene from a muggle horror movie."This one used to give me night terrors" she let out a small laugh, "It's called Judith Beheading Holofernes. Bloody grim."He simply gazed at her, turning his attention to the way she was mesmerised by the dark imagery before them. She seemed to be staring right at the woman as if she knew her from another life. He leaned into her slightly, becoming curious."Does it still frighten you?" he asked in a low voice that unexpectedly sent shivers down her spine."No" she answered quickly.
  It was the truth.
"And why is that?" Tom pushed, for some reason captivated by her answer.Eleanor paused for a long moment, processing the question."Because something tells me the man deserved it" she whispered, blinking from her trance and meeting his intense gaze.About an hour and a half later, they wandered into a hall lined with marble statues. Immediately, Eleanor rushed over to the busts - which she always found particularly intriguing. She appreciated how much effort went into creating such an incredible likeness of a persons face - all without magic.Such a marvel these muggles were.The little details were her favourite. Large noses, small moles, uneven tufts of hair - even the occasional scar - all etched into the hard marble as if it were the softest clay. Having no clue who most of the men actually were, she liked to make up stories about their lives based solely on their appearances.Tom on the other hand found himself in front of a large, imposing statue of Julius Caesar. His sword rose to the sky and his stance was horrifyingly confident. But it was something about his face. No. It was his eyes, that commanded the room. All with one look he said a thousand things and at that moment it was no surprise to Tom that the man had achieved so much.He looked menacing. Fearsome. Like he was daring someone worthy enough to cross him."I wonder what he's thinking" Eleanor mused in a soft voice from beside him."Well he's just won a war, I'm sure he's very happy with himself""I think he's scared" she observed, watching for the way the figure's brow creased ever so slightly and his eyes were full of reinforced ferociousness.Tom turned to her with a raised brow."What makes you think that?"She took a moment to pause, contemplating the harsh face of the marble statue before them and then turned to him."It's a paradox. The more power you have, the more you have to lose...it's a troubling thing for those who get a taste for victory" she explained, sinking her eyes deep into his and hooking into them in a way no else had ever done before."Well perhaps for someone so inept enough to be stabbed by their best friend that's the case...But...if it was someone worthy of the power...it would be different" he snickered back at her."Do you think that anyone is truly worthy of supreme power?""Of course, some are meant to lead others are meant to follow...It's nature's oldest hierarchy and it exists to create balance in the world" he defended quickly."So you believe in fate then?" Eleanor asked, with a small, half-grin."I believe in two things Eleanor, order and power. Fate is completely irrelevant" he responded, his eyes intent and his voice strong like he was reciting something biblical. Eleanor didn't respond and only looked at him with wide, regarding eyes. She felt like he had just told her a secret, yet she had no idea what it was. There was something oddly endearing about seeing someone so sure of themselves, so completely committed to their mind.And in that brief few seconds, as they stood in the hall of statues, she admired him.However, a small corner of her brain hoped that years from now, there wouldn't be people talking about him, like they were Caesar. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "She tastes like every 
  dark thought I've ever had"

  -Holly Black
 
  ***
 There was something incandescently beautiful about the Tuscan countryside in the yellowed hues of sunset. The air was hot but the breeze had a bite to it and in the distance, the chirping of birds could be heard. The warm colours whirled into the sky, painting them with such profound finesse that they could be hung in the very gallery Eleanor and Tom had spent hours in that day.As they apparated into the little meadow that sat at the corner of Cortona, Eleanor seemed to be overcome by the sight of her home, which could be seen on top of the high hill just to the right of the village. It seemed eerily peaceful as they walked through the town centre, watching as the waiters set out the tables and chairs for the dinner service of the many taverna's that lined the corso. Tourists laughed and smiled as they enjoyed the last moments of the sunshine and the locals began their promenade, strolling through the streets.It was exactly as she remembered, or maybe it was better. Although Eleanor wasn't sure if this was the beneficiary glow of hindsight or simply a fact. Tom silently watched the girl take in every detail of the street with a homely smile. However it wasn't a smile full of happiness, there was a longing to it that he realised was sadness.It made him think that she was saying goodbye to the life she once had, as she never got the chance before.He never much ventured out of the UK, except for the occasional trip to the Rosiers chateau in the Loire Valley or once, to a beach in France with the orphanage. He despised London for its dreariness, bitter cold and dark alleys. But most of all, he despised it because of the orphanage and its ability to have encapsulated all those things into one universal, awful reality. The quaint little town he found himself in was altogether a different story. Tom could understand why Eleanor liked it here, there was an openness and a soft warmth that pervaded the air. The faces of the muggles they came across were not filled with exhaustion or malice but joy and pleasure.He couldn't help but wonder how he would have been if he was raised here as she was, and not in the despicable conditions at Wools. Once again, he found himself growing jealous of Eleanor and her seemingly perfect upbringing; full of powerful dark magic and freedom.Something he craved more than anything.Eleanor pointed at a little cafe at the corner, it had a mint green door and a sign above it that read 'Frangelico's'."My sister and I used to walk down to this shop every Saturday when my parents were out. We were never allowed to fraternise with the muggles of course, but we broke the rules for the pistachio ice cream" she beamed, recounting the memory with a tone of endearment."And this..." she pointed to the fountain in the piazza centre, "this is where we would sneak off in the spring to watch the muggles throw their coins in the water, we never understood why they would throw away money like that but it was funny to watch". Eleanor let out a small laugh as they passed it, seeing the glint of silver at the floor of the fountain."They do it to make wishes...stupidly they think it's some sort of enchantment, but it's just a scam" Tom replied, finding her complete lack of awareness slightly amusing.She turned to him with a surprising hint to her features."You seem to know a lot about muggles" Eleanor observed, watching his face turn hard and closed off quickly as she said the words."I'm just observant, it's less segregated in London" he lied, turning his gaze to lock into the imposing home on the hill in the distance."So your family lives in London then?" she asked, but he didn't answer so she filled the silence with a string of babbling, "I've never been there, I've always wanted to go. My father once told me about Big Ben being so loud it could deafen you if you were so close...is that true?""No of course not" he responded sharply, quickening his pace slightly so he was a couple of steps ahead of her.She watched his rigid walk with stitched eyebrows, wondering what she had said to make him so cold all of the sudden. He was a difficult man to understand, there seemed to be layers to him. Yet, every time she got a glimpse at a deeper layer, ten would fold on top, like some sort of defence mechanism. It intrigued and disappointed her all at the same time.When they got to the large gates that lined the property, they took a moment to catch their panting breaths from the steepness of the hill. Eleanor peered through the bars of the gates and seemed to focus in on the air around them, looking for signs of wards. Slowly, she retracted her wand and steadied herself."Wingardium leviosa" she whispered, lifting a small pebble from the ground beside her and throwing it into the distance, over the fence. Her intent eyes watched as it flew forward, before hitting an invisible force and disintegrating into a fine dust before them.She heard the distant, pronounced sigh of Tom's frustration as he began to rummage through the bag they brought for the vials of invisibility potion he brewed them."Fucking hell" Eleanor uttered, the fear of their reality setting into her mind. Suddenly, she began racking her brain for any information she had read in her research that might help them."It's a heat sensor ward, they're used a lot by Europeans" she summarised, turning to him."Taking the potion won't change our body heat reading... we're going to have to take down the ward" Tom concluded with a low, serious tone.She nodded in agreeance, craning her neck at the sight of movement next to the stairs of the villa."That's one" she muttered, eyeing the Auror that patrolled boredly around the grounds.He neared close to her and turned his eyes to the man in her view. She tried to ignore the shiver that went down her spine as his breath fell onto her neck."The wards and protections book said there's a way to temporarily disarm a ward without arising suspicion...but the spell is dangerous, if it's not done properly it could alarm" she whispered, not daring to turn her head given how close he was to her."Then do it properly" Tom commanded with a voice like a general preparing for war.Eleanor could only roll her eyes at his words.Slowly she let the spell sit into her mind and before waving her wand, she pictured the movement of her hands."Duratus muro!" she exclaimed, a little louder than she was meant to. A thin blue spark shot out of the tip of her wand and propelled forward onto the invisible shield. It seemed to lather it in blue electric currants as it ran in all directions, cracking the surface. However, it wavered slightly a few meters above them and stopped with a crack of electricity. As she gazed over the ward, it became clear to her that it only made a small window.Without thinking, she extended out a small pale finger, wearily attempting to test the magic, but just as it was about to make contact, it was grabbed away. She gasped at the suddenness of the movement and turned to Tom's grave, angry face."I thought we agreed that you wouldn't do anything stupid" he berated her, still gripping her wrist tightly and leaving the skin around it to go white at the pressure.He shook his head at her, dropping her hand with a warning glare and picked up another pebble and threw it in instead. Surprisingly, it went through unharmed, landing on the soft grass a few meters away from them."See, it's fine," she huffed at him in a childish attempt to defend herself.He just ignored her and drew his wand out, making a tall, circular hole in the iron fence so they could crawl through the broken ward."If anything goes wrong we meet here and apparate straight away, do you understand me?" he declared, with a pointed finger in her face.She just swallowed hard and nodded, trying not to let the prospect of failure bother her.Once they crawled through the small break, she took the lead directing him over to the safety of a long hedge, where they could survey the property with a good vantage point. It was at this point she wished she had worn pants and not the pale yellow cotton dress she currently was zipped into. She wasn't a fool, she did pack a very sensible pair, however, Octavia deemed these entirely unsuitable as well and so they were missing from her case. It was obvious that her cousin had good intentions, but filling her luggage with lacy underwear and pastel summer dresses when you were about to commit a series of crimes was not in the slightest ideal.As they rounded the hedge he took out the glass vials from his pocket and handed one to her."Okay, it's currently 5:49, that means we have until 6:19 until the potion begins to wear out..." he explained in a raspy, harsh tone, "disarm and knock out any guards you find and then I'll meet you at the back entrance on the verandah...""Okay," she nodded, attempting to assert some sort of confidence about her. But, her shaking hand betrayed her as she lifted the potion to her lips to drink the liquid.As she did, the effects began to take over and tingling in her stomach began to diffuse around her body. It was an odd sensation, becoming invisible and watching your limbs fade into nothing but air. If you focused on it enough, nausea would overcome you - so she opted to focus on the task ahead.Eleanor heard the faint scurry of Tom leaving the hedge and she took this as an opportunity to leg it up to the gardens, where she was sure she would find something.She ran around the side of the property, squinting around the vicinity in the fading light and spotted a tall woman with a lumos light at her wand, entering the far edge of the maze garden. Swallowing her fear, she bolted behind her, her footsteps making the woman turn in fright to the empty space."Petrificus Totalus!" she yelled at the stunned woman and her body went stiff, cold and rigid - falling to the gravel.Eleanor dragged the heavy body behind a corner of the maze, deciding it would be best to hide her in case someone else on patrol might come across the body. Looking at her watch she noticed that it was already 6:00, giving her only 19 minutes to find the others - hoping to god Tom was quicker than she was.As she reared to the front of the villa, she eyed two men sharing a cigarette and laughing at something by the grand wooden doors. Her nose crinkled at the thought of their cigarette buts and ash littering the floor of her childhood home and she thought of her father's profanity if he were here to witness it.She inched forward as quietly as she could, but the faint sound of her shoes crunching against the gravel was deafening to her.The man closest to her whipped his head around in her direction and she stilled, listening to the pounding beat of her heart and her fluttered breathing."Do you hear that?""Probably Marie practising her god awful foxtrot steps again"The man's dark eyes seemed to be looking straight at her as he glared into the direction of the sound and he lifted up his wand to shine a light over the area."No, this is something else"Eleanor's instincts got the better of her and she suddenly whipped out her wand, leaving no moment or hesitation. She threw a loud paralysing curse at the man, causing his counterpart to shoot up in alarm at the sight of his petrified body lying on the ground."Who goes there?!" the stocky man yelled, throwing a curse just short of her body. Eleanor started to run, in a jagged zig-zag formation to the safety of a willow tree, but as she did the tip of a hex hit her and she fell to the ground with a wince.Although she couldn't see it, the sensation of a fresh blow to her shoulder was there and gripped it, struggling to conceal the sounds escaping her mouth."Is that you Gellert? You old fool" he crooned, inching closer to the frenzied mass of gravel before him. The look on the man's face reminded her of something, buried deep within her memory.
  Belgaire Argyle's slimy grin and hunting eyes looking down at her as he shouted 'Crucio'.
A whimper left her mouth at the image and she became wilder, reaching for her wand, which was just beyond her grip. As she did, the sound of another curse left the mans lips and she rolled quickly backwards to prevent being hit. The gravel in front of her scorched with heat and she panted quickly, scrambling to grip her wand."Exelliarmus!" she shot at him, hitting the man square in the hand. His wand went flying into the periphery and the man appeared more furious than before with a new, darkened expression."Invisibility charm? Smart" he smiled, "And do I detect the voice of a little girl...perhaps she needs to be shown a lesson in manners".With this, he threw himself onto the ground gripping at her leg and sinking his hands into the flesh.
  Clara's scream piercing her ears and haunts her mind, her body writhing on the cold floor, begging the pain to stop.
This seemed to startle Eleanor into a momentary pause, shaking her head vividly. The man took this as an opportunity to climb up her figure, attempting to pin her down with his weight. In the moment of fright, somehow she managed to grab the wand."Petrificus Totalus!" she yelled, which instantly sent his face stony and his grip relaxed.
  Bertie's hot breath in her ear, his hands gripping her fleshy hips, her face pressing into the wall. "This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald"
Instinctively she wrapped her arms around herself, attempting to soothe her rapidly deteriorating confidence. A tear slid down her cheek.Frantically, she got up and levitated the bodies into the branches of the tree, high above the ground and out of view. She silently hoped the wind would dislodge them and they would fall.Looking down at her watch she noticed it was 6:19 and with a flurry of colourful language, she bolted to the back entrance to meet Tom. As she ran, she felt her body become visible again and her dirty dress and its ripped sleeve came into full view. Thankfully, there was no blood, but the sensation beneath it told her there was be an impressive bruise there soon enough.Eleanor leapt up the stairs, to find Tom next to a pile of no less than seven guards. A figure at the bottom seemed to be staring at her with wide unflinching eyes and an agape mouth. Her face was pale and ghostly.
  Oh fuck.
"What the fuck Tom, we agreed - no killing curse" she shrieked, taking in the stack of lifeless bodies that dripped with small pools of blood."I never agreed to that" he quipped with a raspy voice, turning to face her. As he did, she noticed he had a large gash down the corner of his face, which was painting his cheek a violent shade of dripping crimson."What happened to your face?" she gasped, instantly moving closer to him and putting a hand on his jaw to inspect the injury. He seemed to flinch slightly at her touch but eased back into it when she didn't walk away.Tom averted his intent glare to the dead bodies in front of them."It's just a scratch Grindelwald" he dismissed her, with a bitter grimace."Jesus christ Tom...I think Lupo kept a medical cabinet in the kitchen, we should-" she started, but as she did a beam of red shot straight towards them. Tom acted quickly, grabbing her by the waist and pulling her to the floor with him.
  The sound of her mothers back snapping as it hit the piano with force, high-pitched laughter following it.
The smell of freshly cracked stone filled the air and it crumbled onto their heads as they scrambled away from view, crawling behind the piled Aurors."On three" she declared at his panting face and he nodded quickly."One"Another curse hit the back window just near them and shattered the glass into a million pieces. They hunched over, protecting themselves from the fallout."Two""Come out come out wherever you are..." a smooth feminine voice sang, not too far away from the edge of the balcony."Three!"They shot up, wands at the ready instantly eyeing a tall, slender woman at the foot of the stairs with a vicious glint in her eyes. She shot a curse, barely missing ELeanors arm by an inch, sending the stone railing crumbling into a million pieces. Tom shot back a curse with no mercy, but the woman was agile and jumped out of the way, sending a hex his way. It hit him square in the shoulder and he was propelled back into the wall with a devasting slam.Eleanor shrieked at the sight, fighting the urge to run to him. Her heart pounded in her ears and she felt the blood run within her turn cold like ice. Without hesitation, she leapt forward, towards the woman, who was grinning at her like a wolf in a shepherd's field.She dodged a curse, ducking and threw herself onto the woman, sending them both tumbling down the stairs, scratching for each other's throats. With a slash, she managed to knock the woman's wand out of her hands and onto the gravel. Eleanor had a firm grip on the woman's throat and the other on her wand. She watched as her menacing green eyes turned fearful as Eleanor rounded her into the dirt, face down."We should've killed you when we had the chance Eleanor" she cackled, spitting out the dust that was in her mouth.Eleanor's wand pressed tightly into the nape of her neck, through the mess of black hair and she pushed until she felt the bony tip of a vertebra. Eleanor took a breath and leaned down to whisper into her ear."Yes, you should've" she cooed.And with that, the killing curse fell out of her lips as easily as a prayer to god. Eleanor's head swung back as she felt the body below her stiffen and grow limp under her legs.The thing they don't tell you in school or even in the books in the restricted sections of the most coveted libraries is that dark magic feels...like pure ecstasy. It's more insatiable than any drug and sweeter than any kiss. As the magic of the killing curse reverberated around Eleanor, she felt it sink into her skin and enter her adrenaline-filled bloodstream. Letting out a euphoric sigh as it did, she closed her eyes taking moment to savour it. She had felt it once before, at this very house almost 6 months ago. But somehow it was better, more satisfying the second time almost like a thirst had been quenched.And at that moment, the high was all she could think about and she let it consume her.Eleanor didn't even register Tom limping over to her. He regarded her with an unprecedented level of curiosity and intense respect as he watched her smile up to the sky, straddling the dead woman below her.He knew what she was feeling and he knew it well."I thought you said no killing?" he drawled in a gravelly voice, breaking her from her trance.She looked up at him with darkened eyes and she noticed how the corners of his mouth twitched up as if he was fighting off a grin. Eleanor shot up, stepping over the dead body without any second thought."Shut up" she bit back, taking her wand shoving it in her pocket and smoothing down her hair as she ascended the shattered staircase.And if her ears weren't mistaken, he let out a faint laugh from behind her.
  ***
She tried not to take in the house as they entered it, choosing to immediately turn left towards the kitchens and not spending any time on the formal sitting room that they were in.She wasn't ready for that yet.As they walked, Eleanor wondered if she could ever bear to live in the house that she loved so much ever again. It had lost its charm as if the home died with her family. There was no warm glow of candlesticks reflecting on the priceless art that cladded every wall, no smell of freshly baked bread or lemon cakes and no faint sound of her mother at the piano. It was cold, dark and unalive. She began to wonder if this was even her home at all, or if it was simply a poorly designed illusion.She lead him into the large kitchen and waved her hand to light the torches on the walls and the large fireplace in the far corner. The yellow walls looked paler and the neat, empty benchtops set a feeling of unease into her stomach.Reaching for a chair at the little round table, she dragged it out - silently offering him a seat.The feeling that she had outside was gone and a familiar numbness overcame her that seemed to be doubling as she was confronted with the little details of the room that were once so lovely to her.She left the room and entered a cellar-like space, which was full of well-organised potions and remedies that her mother had prepared and stocked."It's really not that bad, we should be looking for the-" Tom began from the other room."Absolutely not" she cut him off, earning a defeated sigh from him.Skimming her eyes over the shelf, she found a vial of pain relief and a tin that appeared to be a batch of wound balm.As she made her way back to him, he watched her every move as if he was analysing her - attempting to predict her thoughts. He looked for any trace of injury on her, but there was none he could find. Except for her dirty, scabbed knees and a rip in the shoulder of her dress she seemed physically fine. But there was something about her disposition that unsettled him. It was like she had seen a ghost.She handed him the little vial of pink liquid which he instantly drank, seeking desperately to offset the pain beginning to stiffen his back.Eleanor watched as his face relaxed ever so slightly as the potion set in and she sighed in relief, unscrewing the tin.Slowly, she approached him and neared her face to his as she bent down to inspect the damage of the slice through the top of his face."It's not too bad, there's nothing lodged in it which is good..." she breathed, becoming hyper-aware of their closeness."We really don't have time-" Tom started again, with a frustrated sigh and leaned forward to get up off the chair. But she pushed his chest back with a solid thud and a stern glare.He rolled his eyes at her stubbornness, shaking his head and pulling out a cigarette from his pocket.She dabbed the waxy balm over the top of the bloody wound and instantly, his eyes closed at the sensation, taking in a deep breath."Sorry... I promise I'll do it as quick as I can" she said softly.Tom took another long drag of the cigarette, creating a cloud of smoke around them and picked a spot on the far wall to direct his attention to. It was either that or watch as Eleanor leant over him, pressing against his side and breathing lightly as she focused on his face.But he couldn't handle that at the moment, so he chose the first option.As she finished treating the slash, she watched as the balm began to dissolve the open flesh, leaving a faint pink line where it once sat. Eleanor pulled out a chair and sat next to him, facing the other way and burying her face in her folded arms on the table. Exhaustion ran through her and the urge to fall asleep then and there was strong."You did good, Grindelwald" he acknowledged, turning his face to the side to look at her.She didn't answer and instead, just fought back the tears that were pricking at her eyes.After a moment of collecting herself, she stood up, quickly wiping a tear that ran down her cheek in a desperate attempt to hide it from Tom."I think I know where the locket is..." she said in a quiet voice and she preceded to lead him down the main corridor and up a grand flight of marbled stairs which illuminated with candlelight as they approached. Eleanor kept her eyes focused in front of her, not risking being plunged into the countless memories that threatened to resurface if she looked too close.Tom, however, was taken aback by every detail of the home. He had never seen so many rare, beautiful things before in his entire life. The home was almost like if a museum and an art gallery were merged with a cleaner, tidier Borgin and Burkes. Every inch of the wall was covered in large gold filigree framed paintings and portraits. Tall statues stood in the corners and an array of peculiar antiques were placed on pedal stools and cabinets.He wanted to stop at every item and inspect them all as Eleanor told him about the history - just like at the gallery. And maybe they would if the circumstances were different.Eleanor lead him through the expansive east wing of the second floor, deliberately making a turn that avoided passing Clara's bedroom door. At the end of the long vast hallway, they went up a few stairs that lead to a high tower. She took a deep breath as she placed her hand on the bronzed doorknob and opened it, revealing a large bedroom.The giant fireplace roared to life and revealed a wooden four-poster bed that stood in the centre. The room was draped in fine silks and tapestries and the high walls lead to a remarkable frescoed ceiling. Eleanor paused to take in her parents bedroom, which once housed many happy memories.She would lie on the bed in wonder and watch her beautiful mother get ready for balls or parties. Somehow, she managed to pin her white-blonde hair up perfectly every time and the gowns she wore were always tailored to wrap her thin frame in a way that made her resemble a fairy queen from her childhood books. She would let Eleanor pick her jewellery and she would always bring wildflowers from her adventures in the garden to place in her hair.
  Her mothers cold, disgustingly contorted body hung over the grand piano.

  Screaming.

  Wide icy blue eyes, full of fear.

  Pain.
"Eleanor..." Tom cautioned, coming to face her blank gaze with a look of concern in his features."This is my parent's room" she whispered in a hushed voice, her eyes trained to the bed, "The...the lockets in here...I saw it once...".He watched her, regarding her haunted disposition and thousands of questions came into his mind."I think you should sit-" he began in a low, warning tone, but she ignored him.Eleanor seemed to shake herself out of whatever trance had overtaken her and sighed, moving deeper into the room to a small door that was next to the bed.The closet was just how she remembered. An impossibly grand room, one side full of neatly pressed, tailored suits and the other littered with the fabric of many gowns and dresses. She used to hide in here with Clara and play dress up when they were out. Clara would draw on a moustache and wear one of her father's suit jackets and Eleanor would find one of her mother's finest dresses and they would practice the waltz - giggling and laughing for a whole afternoon.She strode over to her fathers mahogany draws, reaching into her distant memory for the password.
  "Crepusculum"
Immediately a deafening unlocking sound filled the room and the draws slid open, to reveal a collection of fine watches, signet rings and other shiny pieces. Bending down, she reached into the bottom drawer and pulled out a square, green leather box covered in a thin layer of dust. Blowing it slightly she flicked the clasp and lifted the lid - revealing an intricately designed locket with an amber-like face.Turning to leave, she found Tom leaning against the doorframe watching her with an indecipherable intent on his features. Eleanor couldn't care less about the locket and if she was being completely honest, her father would probably have wanted it to go to someone like Tom. So without any hesitation, she extended the box out to him, with a small reassuring smile - but it didn't meet her eyes."If there's anything else you want..." she mumbled, gesturing to the closet as he slowly took the locket from her. Tom looked up at her with a hint of shock in his eyes."Don't you want to keep your father's things?" he asked, now turning his attention to the pendant in the opened box, admiring the intricacy of the detail."It'll likely just sit here gathering dust until I gather the courage to burn this place to the ground," Eleanor said with an empty laugh. It was a completely mad thing to say but it was true, she never wanted to see her parent's things arranged so perfectly again. It was too much, like walking through a museum exhibit of her pain.He simply nodded, unsure exactly what to say in return as he placed the box in the case he bought with him. "Is the talisman in here too?" he asked after a moment of silence."No, I have a feeling that's in my father's study..."They walked in silence to the west wing. However, as they rounded the door, Eleanor cast a strange horrified look to the far end of the corridor which lay next to the laundry. She seemed to be fixated on the floor as if searching for something that wasn't there.
  Clara.
In an almost hypnotised state, she walked over to the door and looked down, inspecting the stone floor for any trace of what had occurred there. But it had all been scrubbed clean as if it never even occurred and it was all just a terrifying dream. Tom stood over her with the same glare laced in concern, unsure of what to do."This is where they killed my sister" she whispered, feeling a pool of hot tears well in her eyes.She put a hand up to the solid wood of the laundry door and closed her eyes."After they tortured her, they locked me in here" a tear dripped down her cheek."The Aurors?" Tom questioned, but he knew the answer. He asked because he didn't know what else to say. Helping someone in her state was far beyond his abilities."Just one...I heard everything""What do you mean?" his brows knitted together in confusion and his gaze was piercing, holding onto every word.She slid down to the floor with her back to the door and stared where she last saw her sister's body, naked and stiff."She was just a girl...torture is one thing...but what they did to her after....that was" she swallowed hard, "horrific".Tom's jaw clenched, understanding the meaning behind her words. He knew she was in a delicate state and so he knelt down to the ground, offering his hand to pull her up."Let's get the talisman and get out of here..."***The study was where Anthony Grindelwald spent most of his days. It was connected to the library and Eleanor often found herself plucking a book off the many shelves and sinking into the black leather lounge of his study to read while he worked. He wasn't a man of many words, but their camaraderie was never stronger when they sat in pleasant silence like this together.She never really understood what he did for work, but she was smart enough to realise he had stopped collecting antiques because his business trips became longer and more dangerous. He would sit at his desk for hours on end, writing letters, reading and organising specific events. In hindsight she understood he was building the rebellion with her grandfather, making connections and spreading their manifesto's around the great families of Europe. But she didn't know that at the time and he would never tell her the bloody details. Occasionally though, she saw the newspapers that sat on his desk and she read the headlines.As they entered the library with a creek of the heavy door, she was reminded of her first ever love. Books. As she gazed upon the vast space covered in high shelves of novels, she momentarily thought against burning the house to the ground. The library was a sacred space to Eleanor, where she went to escape and discover. It could be a lonely life, locked up in the middle of the countryside with only her sister for company and so whatever books she could find that let her imagine her life elsewhere were well worn and reread plenty of times. It's where she met Mr Darcy and Anna Karenina and for a small moment in time, she felt as if she had friends beyond the gates of her home."This is my favourite room" she admitted, turning to Tom with a small smile that edged towards sadness.Tom glanced around in wonder at the sight of the room, it was the largest library he had ever seen - rivalling even the one at Hogwarts and was filled with impossibly high shelves all stacked with books. There were large globes that sat in heavy wooden stands on the floor and paintings that covered the ceilings which looked like the heavens. It wasn't so much a library as it was a cathedral full of books."I can see why" he replied attempting to hide the awe that overcame him.Eleanor's shoes clicked on the stone floors as she made her way to the far wall of the room, stopping in front of a painting of her great-great-grandfather Willhem Grindelwald."Vivesco"The man in the painting nodded at her and then proceeded to open like a hinged door, revealing the study.Unlike the library just outside, the study was dark and small but there was a coziness to it that felt like a sanctuary. As Eleanor walked in, she took a deep breath through her nose taking in the scent of aged leather, ink and dried parchment. She loved that smell.Quickly she skirted over to the desk drawers, pulling them out and looking for any sign of the talisman - which had taken the form of a book."If you were hiding a potentially catastrophic book of spells where would you put it?" Eleanor asked him as she muddled through the drawers. After all, they were very similar people and Tom might as well be the only one that could know."If I was going to hide something like that I would do it plain sight, no one ever looks twice at the obvious" Tom remarked, beginning himself to search the little bookshelf next to the fireplace."I don't know where he would put it...he was an extremely careful man...everything he did was measured and calculated he was so afraid of being robbed" she sighed, flicking through the piles of notes in a cabinet, hoping for some sort of clue.Tom seemed to stiffen at a thought that ran through his head and turned around to Eleanor slowly."The talisman can only be used by someone of direct Grindelwald descendant right?""Yes," she replied, searching his face for any hint of what he was getting at in confusion."If he was as careful as you say he would have only hidden it in a place where someone that could use it could find it...he would have known that there was a chance he would die one day..." Tom drawled, coming to a conclusion in his mind."You mean...you think he hid it for me to find?" she murmured, her mind reeling to weigh up the possibility.He nodded and stepped towards her, becoming animated with a sense of understanding."Eleanor, what's your favourite book?" Tom asked her suddenly, his eyes sinking into hers with a newfound urgency.Her eyebrows knitted together in confusion and she tilted her head.
  Why was he asking her that now?
"My favourite book?-" she began to question and without any explanation, he ran out into the library, looking through the shelves"Austen, yes?" he called out to her, his voice echoing into the air, "Which one?... Is it here?"Finally understanding what he was alluding to, she turned on her heel and caught up with him, panting a little from her hurry. She led him over to the far edge of the right-hand side wall, her eyes frantically skimming the titles for the collection of her classic fiction novels."Pride and Prejudice" she replied, running her fingers over the spines until it ran over the familiar powder blue one with faded writing. It was an original edition that she was given for her birthday when she was 11.Her most prized possession."Show me" he demanded, taking his wand out and stepping back from her slightly.As she pulled it out, a sense of disappointment overcame her as if she was expecting something other than her old worn copy. Tom held his wand up to it and began to wave it slightly with a small tap."Reveal your secrets" he commanded in a stern, intent voice.For a moment, nothing happened and a sigh of frustration left Toms's lips. But suddenly, the words on the front of the book began to whirl and twirl and the colour darkened slightly, eventually turning into a dark green."Oh my god-" she drawled, her eyes grazing over the foreign book in her hands which now had the simple letters 'A.G.G ' embossed into it in silver script.
  Anthony Gellert Grindelwald
"Tom, you're a genius!" she laughed up at him, letting a wave of joyous adrenaline rush through her.Even he let out a breathy laugh, eyeing the book with intent curiosity. Tom knew he wouldn't be able to read it, but he yearned to know the secrets that were written in the pages. It was like the book was calling to him, the same way the dark magic always seemed to find him and beckon."Rapertum sapienta" she whispered down to the item in her hands, which vibrated with a darkness she only could compare to the energy of Toms ring. Eleanor wasn't sure why the words fell from her lips, but it felt instinctual like throwing out an arm to break a fall. The air seemed to go cold around them and suddenly, the book burst into a rapture of green flames in her hands. The reflection of the light glowed in her eyes as she watched it, almost hypnotised by the process."What do you want child?" a breathy ominous whisper sounded from the flames.Eleanor flinched from the sound and her eyes met Toms, who was just as intrigued by the sound."Revenge" she admitted, her voice was quiet but there was a strength in her words.The flame seemed to let out a loud cackling laugh at her words, sending a shiver down her spine and into her toes.
  "Revenge is sweet, but it shall take great sacrifice.

  Power of the crown and dagger is what you will need.

  Wear this ring, if you wish to pay the price.

  Spill their blood to seal your scars and break their creed.

  Vengeance shall be had, as the veil is lifted and you succeed."
The hissing voice recited and suddenly, the flames went out and the warmth returned to the air. All that was left in her hand was a small silver ring with a shiny round emerald decorating the face of it.Holding it up to the light, she admired how the diamonds that traced the greenstone sparkled. Slipping it on her finger, she felt the reverberation of powerful magic run through her and just for a moment - it gave her the same feeling as she had when she killed the woman outside.
  A rush of dark euphoria.
"Vengence?" Tom finally said in a sharp tone, snapping her out of her daze.She looked up at him with surprise, attempting to disguise her shock. Her mind began racing to find a lie to get her out of a confession she didn't want to make. Although by now, he was so good at reading her she was sure whatever she said he could see straight through like a clear pane of glass."You're going to kill them arent you?" he asserted, with a bewildered tone that edged towards anger.
  Fuck.
Eleanor opened her mouth to speak, but she couldn't. She should've known he was smart enough to figure her out, but in all her planning and research she neglected to address this."That's why you were leading that fucking fool McLaggan on..... to find a way into the ministry? The ministry maps....the obsessive curse research...the talisman...Tell me Eleanor are you just going to throw yourself into a pit of ministry officials with a ring and some liquid courage...and expect to win?" he was yelling at her now, his voice thick with fury.Eleanor wanted to roll her eyes at him and explain she of course didn't expect to win but was determined to die trying - but he couldn't know that."I have to try... it's all I have left." she bit back, matching his anger.Tom scoffed loudly and ran a hand through his messy hair.He was quite sure he had never met a more stupidly beautiful, dangerous idiot - all with some indescribable taste for death. It was completely unbelievable."I knew you were fucking mad Eleanor but this is absolutely bloody mental" he spat at her, shaking his head at her in disbelief."Why do you even care?" she screamed back at him, "You just killed seven of them if you haven't forgotten..."
  Why did he care?
"There is a big difference between low ranking guards and fucking prize military aurors Eleanor, do you have any idea how powerful those wizards are?""Actually I do" she spat, "I know things they don't, I've been practicing and researching-" but he cut her off with his sharp tongue."There is no way you could face all of them you would be dead in no time" he scoffed searching her face for a hint of reason. She just stared at him coldly, offended at his complete lack of faith in her ability.  She of course agreed with him, there was absolutely no way she could face all of them alone and live to tell the tale. As the voice said, there had to be a price for vengeance and she was prepared to pay with her life."Jesus Christ Eleanor..." understanding washed over his face, "tell me this isn't some ridiculous suicide mission...""I'm prepared to pay the price for my wrongs Tom. Like you said, there is an order to life...a balance. If that means an eye for an eye I will pay it" she softened slightly, attempting to use his words to make him understand.His expression grew dark and he looked at her like she belonged in an asylum. Once again, he stressfully ran his hand through his hair."Don't act like your so innocent, we both know that's not true" she began."What on earth could I possibly be doing that rivals you blowing up a group of Aurors, Eleanor?""Who are the Knights of Walpurgis then?" she asked with a hitch of her brow. Eleanor knew that she had caught him in a lie as soon as he blinked through the words.
  How the fuck did she know about that?
Unfortunately for him, Ezra and Ludo were loose-lipped when they were drunk and she found herself on New Year's Eve in a very interesting conversation that she was glad she could remember. 
  "What's up his arse though? Why is he sooo mean? she whined, taking another sip of Ezra's whiskey.

  Ludo scoffed, "You think he's mean to you? Try being in the bloody knights Eleanor that's fucking rough"

  "If he drags us into the forest one more time to talk politics I'm gonna lose it" Ezra laughed.

  "I didn't realise he was political..." Eleanor pried, choosing her words carefully to not arise suspicion of her lurking.

  "Political? He's a fucking radical. Worse than your granddaddy even" Ludo chuckled, downing another glass.

  "Honestly who comes up with the name 'Knights of Walpurgis' anyway Jesus fucking christ..." Ezra moaned.
 "That's politics, it's none of your business Grindelwald" he defended harshly with a set jaw and a hard glare.Eleanor let out a bellowing laugh thick with condescension, he hated it when she laughed at him - and she knew it."How hypocritical of you to berate me for my plans when you're a fucking psychopath!" she screamed, "What? It's wrong to die killing a few rapey Aurors but it's completely moral to overthrow the government?""You have no idea what you're talking about," Tom said between gritted teeth."Maybe Tom..." she leant into him so she was merely inches away, "you're just as fucking crazy as I am" Eleanor let out another laugh in his face.Surprisingly, he leaned slightly towards her his features in a murderous glare."Say it again" he dared her, in a dark commanding voice, his breath tickling her face.Eleanor shot him back a cruel glare, but instead of firing back another insult, she grabbed the collar of his shirt and pulled him closer, crashing her lips into his. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "You touch me and suddenly, I'm a little less war-torn.

  I'm not sure what peace is supposed to feel like,

  but I think it may feel a lot like you"

  -Anatomy of Rains

  ***
  
  
  
  
Tom reacted instantly, taking a firm grip around her waist and deepening the kiss. There was something desperate about their embrace like they were aware that any second may be their last. His touch was no longer conservative or flinching but devout and hungry. Slowly, he lead her out of the library, without so much as a whisper.A flurry of heaved breathing filled the air replacing the silence in the candlelit study.The dark energy that hung around the room reverberated through their bodies violently and sent them spiralling into a devilish cycle of need, desire and touch. As it floated through the air and caressed their bodies it was like a shot of heroin, pushing them forward, daring them closer, clinging to each other's desires like magnets.In all but a second, nothing else mattered in life but their unhinged, uncontrollable need for each other.Her hands found their way to his raven hair, needing to grip onto something in response to his tantalising touch. Tom pushed her against the hard bookshelf, pressing against her - sending a wave of euphoria through her bones. Instinctively, she arched her back, forcing her hands to tug at his hair in response.Surprisingly, a guttural moan of satisfaction left his lips and filled the room. It sounded like a prayer to god - and in this moment she was his church. Tonight, he would pray for all of his sins and she would bless him for them. As the sound of his pleasure found her ear, a shiver ran down her spine. It hit her like a tsunami and drowned her in her own state of want sending a flurry a tingles to her extremities.Tom pulled away, momentarily looking down at the lustful face before him, taking in her swollen lips, panting mouth and hungry eyes. Eleanor inhaled sharply as he did, before giving him a grin laced with sinful pleasure. Not able to hold back at the sight, his lips began to travel down her neck, sucking and nipping as he went. When he reached the spot just over her jugular, she let out an angelic moan that sent him into his own spiral of lust.It was insatiable."You know Grindelwald, you think you're some sort of saint don't you?" Tom growled into her ear. But she couldn't respond, it was like the air had been taken from her lungs and her body was surviving purely from his touch. Her grip tightened in his hair, almost ripping at the roots and in return, he sucked harder on the tender skin."But you're not are you?" he breathed silkily, his warm breath meeting her newly blemished, sensitive skin. All Eleanor could do is swallow hard, before she gathered herself to speak."You're a fucking monster" she spat back at him, trying to regain an ounce of control in the situation. But it seemed useless in the grand scheme of their entanglement. His burning eyes travelled up to meet hers, and he let out a devilish chuckle which danced across her face and sent another wave through her body and down to her hips."You think I'm the monster?" Tom drawled at her in a teasing tone. His eyebrow hitched in a menacing point and his mouth contorted into a lustful half-grin, as he dragged his index finger over her bottom lip, pulling it down slightly. She just nodded in response, holding his stare with lustful confidence she didn't know she had the capacity for.His veiny hands made their way down to the hem of her dress and the coldness of his fingers skimmed along the skin of her knees, just underneath the fabric. Her upper back instinctively pushed further into the wall and she forced her head up to look at the ceiling as she felt it.She couldn't help but let out a staggered sigh at the sensation.Tantalisingly slowly, he began trailing his hand upwards, lightly tracing the fresh, sensitive scar on her thigh through the delicate sheerness of her stockings."But you're the sweetest sinner I've ever met Eleanor" his voice was gravelly, almost threatening and in that moment she didn't know if he wanted to kill her or kiss her.Although, she didn't care because if dying felt this good, she was ready.
  And what a pretty way for a beauty to die.
"I fucking hate you" she whimpered, her voice betraying her harsh sentiment as his hands raised to her hipbones, now skimming over the crescent-shaped scar that sat underneath her underwear."No you don't" he countered, deliberately inching closer and closer to the middle of her core with his touch. Tom's mouth was on her neck again, revisiting the patch of flesh he claimed before, now grazing it with his teeth. He was so close that he could feel the rapid beating of her pulse under his lips and this seemed to edge him further into madness.Tom's teasing was pushing her into a flurry of desperation, as she surged her hips forward into his touch, hoping to relieve the tension that was already building in her core with increased pressure."Yes, I do" Eleanor insisted, now dragging his head upwards to meet his demanding lips, pushing herself further into the kiss. His tongue dragged over her bottom lip as his hands moved back to her backside, squeezing the soft rounded flesh as he did. She surrendered to his engulfing contact. Her body jolted up, throwing her head back in pleasure again, disconnecting their kiss.Suddenly, he stopped the caressing and the squeezing altogether. Without the presence of his touch, she felt a maddening whimper threaten to escape her swollen lips - but she didn't allow it. Heleaned into graze his lips against the soft cartilage of her ear. Tom's hot breath sent electricity through her spine."Then walk away", it sounded like a mixture between a threat and a dare. Either way, she had no intention of ever breaking apart from the rhapsody that he was filling her with."No," she said defiantly into his warning, rigid form. Eleanor propelled herself forward into him again, snaking her arms around him, craving the force of his touch. Their lips met with force and his hands found their way to her waist."Good girl" the words left his lips like a blessing but they felt like a curse, leaving an insatiable hunger in her that could only be quenched in the depths of hell.
  And so they went.
Tom shot her a carnivorous smirk from his dilated pupils and then began to slowly, inch downwards towards her hips. Starting at her collar bones, he ran his hot tongue over the smooth surface while finding her lace-covered core with his hands and palming it gently. Her flesh tasted like an enticing drug and he hovered into it, savouring the high.Eleanor had no choice at the moment but to roll into his movements and unwillingly release a moan laced in lustful want. She felt him chuckle into her chest as he continued downwards, now on his knees and dragging up the pale yellow skirt of her dress inch by inch. She watched as his eyes skimmed over the scar that was peeking through the sheer stockings."These are getting in my way" he announced in a low raspy voice. His fingers reached to the top of the elasticated waistband and pulled down the sheer soft fabric in a fast motion. Eleanor felt the cold air prick at her bare, exposed skin as he slid them down. Instinctively, she lifted her leg slightly so he could remove them completely.And all at once, he was left in front of her, with her leg resting over his shoulder as he dragged burning kisses up her naked thigh.She sighed in anticipation as he trailed along her newly formed scar, which seemed to be hypersensitive to Tom's cruel, slow tongue. The pressure was mounting and his pace wasn't fast enough for her."Please" she begged, her head slammed against the wall and her eyes shut with undeniable ecstasy."Please what Eleanor?", he began to bite at the strap of her pale blue lacy underwear with his teeth, teasing it at her hips."Just...do...p...please" she forced out in a chaotic, heaving mess. Not able to string a sentence together while he was so close to where she wanted him."You're going to have to use your words" his voice was harsh and smokey like he was enjoying every begging word that graced his ears."Remind me to thank Octavia for these" he muttered, causing a vibrating sensation against her wet skin.To encourage her, Tom began trailing kisses over her wet, lacey core and tasted the sweetness of her pleasure that dripped through the fabric."I think...maybe...don't, it...it's..." her words were interrupted by a desperate whimper escaping her lips, "what if...it doesn't...taste" she began, worry beginning to overtake her and interfere."I can assure you Eleanor, you taste..." he lead his tongue over her again, earning a jolt of her hips, "like heaven" he finished in a low voice. He dragged the underwear down her soft thighs and started to kiss the inside of her legs, inches away from her wetness."What do you want me to do Eleanor?" he asked again, growing frustrated in his own arousal."Fingers..." she began, too embarrassed to finish the sentence. With a final, burning drag of his tongue over the sweet slit of her opening, he stood up, inches from her panting lips."Good girl" he cooed again with a smirk, before leading her into another electrifying kiss. He grabbed her by the shoulders, not daring to break their embrace and lead her backwards to the desk in the middle of the room. As the back of her upper thighs felt the mahogany wood, her arms extended behind her. She sat on the edge, whipping her head back at the sensation of him kissing her neck. His fingers dragged up her thigh again and the coolness of his rings brushed against her sensitive spot, causing her to release a euphoric moan into the air above them.Eleanor didn't have the capacity to think about the fact that she was being pleasured in her father's study. It was meant to feel wrong and sacrilegious, but there was a danger in the inappropriateness of the act that surged her further into unravelling arousal. Both of her dainty hands found themselves knotting into Tom's messy hair and with every inch that his fingers drew closer to her, she tugged in desperation.She couldn't help but realise he seemed to like this as every time she pulled a little too hard, instead of a disapproving glare she received an increase in his fervour.Eleanor finally felt a digit slide into her folds and in response, she leant into his shoulder and bit down hard onto the flesh to disguise a whimper. The reaction sent a jolt through him and she felt the growing mass in his trousers push against her stomach."You're so wet for me" he cooed with an unmistakably triumphant grin, his finger curled into her turning her stomach into knots. Eleanor bit down onto her lip to repress the sigh that she desperately wanted to release.It was agonisingly slow and painfully pleasurable, but she yearned for more pressure, seeking a release."More" she breathed into his ear, her voice was low and demure. Toms mind could only compare it to a siren calling him to his death.And for the first and only time in his life, he was happy to go.As he slid the finger in and out and watched as every stroke sent her into a deeper state of arousal, he tsked at her."Eleanor Margaret Grindelwald, where are those manners?" he berated her, making sure to hook a little deeper as he did - managing to touch a sensitive wall deep within her.The new sensation momentarily overcame her and she clutched at the muscular flesh on his shoulders, digging into his skin. In another other situation, she would never allow him to have such control over her. However, in this moment of hedonism, nothing ever felt so right and she would be a liar if she didn't admit his dominance stirred something deep within her."Please Tom, m...more" she forced out, interrupted briefly by a gasp in response to a rapid curl inside of her. Tom's fingers responded, her eyes rolled back as another digit slid into her and a third massaged her clit in agonising rhythm. The combination of stimulation sent a violent wave of ecstasy through her and she felt her hips grind into his hand mercilessly.As she did, the cold prick of his Gaunt ring began to tease at her entrance and something about it caused electricity to be conducted in her core.Maybe it was the dark magic in the ring, or perhaps it was simply the unparalleled pleasure of the dynamic touch, but this seemed to push Eleanor over the edge."Tom...I'm g...oing...to...I think I'm going to..." she began, her tone was high and warning.She moaned his name in a string of nonsensical prayers, leaving her mouth like they dripped with sweet honey.Tom had been with plenty of other women before, but he had never heard his name said in such an angelically, sinful way. It was so full of need and yet so dangerously alluring. And just for a moment, it made him like the name he had always detested."I want you to come for me Eleanor" he growled at her, not able to bear the pressure mounting in his own pants. It demanded relief.Another low grind of her hips into his massaging fingers was all it took. A loud, animalistic moan escaped her lips and stars graced her vision followed by the most heavenly wave of bliss that she had ever encountered.Tom watched her as she came undone around his fingers, letting his pace slow and his ego inflate, as she heaved and panted in front of him. She slowly recovered and he raised his fingers which glistened with her arousal and licked the tip of his index finger like a naughty child tasting the batter of a birthday cake.As the sweet saltiness washed over his tongue, he kept his gaze on her, which was relentlessly intent with desire.Tom once again grazed his fingers over to Eleanor's pink lips drawing down the bottom lip and slightly exposing her teeth."Open," he commanded, offering her the fingers and after taking a moment to understand what he meant, Eleanor took his digits into her warm mouth. She looked up at him through her lashes as she did and the look he gave her was enough to flip her stomach. Hollowing her cheeks around his fingers, she sucked them dry.Needless to say, he vowed to never forget the image of her wanting eyes, slightly teary taking in his fingers with such submissive desire.Put that in the fucking Uffizi, he thought.Without hesitating, Tom drew his wet fingers away from her and placed his hands underneath her thighs. In an effortless movement, he picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist tightly, desperate to feel the pressure at her core again. He drew her in for another insatiable kiss, not satisfied with the distance between their lips.Eleanor waved her hand at the adjacent door in the study and it unlocked and flew open, revealing a large guest bedroom. It was decorated in soft blues and creams - and was illuminated with a golden hue by the candles that lit the space as they entered.Tom's strong arms threw her onto the soft silk sheets of the bed and she felt a cool breeze float up her skirt to her exposed, dripping core. Eleanor could think of nothing more entirely inappropriate than being, unmarried and alone in a bed with a boy who had just put his hand in places she never knew existed.But she didn't care, because at this moment, nothing else mattered but Tom and Eleanor.She sat up onto her knees, finding Tom unbuttoning his shirt and removing his belt. Despite their heated exchange, something about the prospect of seeing his naked body was confronting to Eleanor. After all, she had never seen a naked man in her life. The thought of it sent a blush to her cheeks and she looked away, hating herself for it.Leaving nothing but his boxers on, he climbed onto the bed, levelling with her on his knees so their thighs touched. Noticing her abrupt change in demeanour, his index finger dragged her chin over, forcing her flushed face into his."What do you want Eleanor?" he asked, his tone was deathly serious and the question made her think that this was his way of asking her for permission.She looked down and placed a hand onto his surprisingly muscular, pale chest."You" she confessed, not entirely sure how to articulate what she felt. This one word seemed to possess him and his eyes grew dark and lustful as his hands clutched the hem of her dress and slowly lifted it up, pulling it over her head. Not removing his eyes on her, he unclasped her bra and she couldn't help but gasp at the sensation.Suddenly a rush of self-consciousness hit her like ten tonnes of brick and she snaked her arms around her bare body, attempting to cover the map of scars that littered her torso, hips and leg. She knew they were hideous, all the raised and rough white slithers that flittered her skin, haunting her with her past. Her protruding rib cage and her pale ghastly complexion...it was disgusting."No," he commanded in a low, raspy voice that carried an edge. His hands grabbed her wrists and moved them away from her form to the side."Don't you dare hide yourself from me" it was a warning laced with so much danger she almost shivered at the sound and if it wasn't so affirming - she would be afraid.Eleanor paused, before nodding slowly and then he laid her down onto the mattress gently. His wild gaze roamed hazily down her form, taking in every single detail. He felt his stomach whirl at the vision in front of him, which was somehow more perfect than he ever could have imagined.
  Which occasionally he found himself doing.
The image of him looking at her bare skin with such intensity reminded her of how he looked at the paintings at the gallery and in that moment - he made her feel like art."Tell me who gave these to you," he asked as if on the precipice of a murderous rampage at the sight of the scars that painted her lower half like stripes of silver paint.He slid down her body, placing a hand on either side of her hips and bowed his head down to the long striped scar on her torso that slashed through her naval and met the tip of her rib cage. He began to slowly lick the roughened flesh, painting it with his tongue.Eleanor couldn't help but gasp as he did, sending her insides into a fit of tangled knots."Belgaire Argyle" she whispered breathily, not knowing that Tom was holding onto every word and filing it away."And this one?" he traced a finger around the crescent on her hip, before leaning down and planting a wet kiss on it."Belgaire Argyle" she repeated, but it was more of a whimper as she felt his cheek slide against her sensitive flesh.His mouth moved downwards finding her newest, largest addition to the scars. He trailed his tongue over the jagged tissue, not bothering to ask which dead man gave left her with it.They both knew.And Bertie McLaggan wasn't long for this world, because if Eleanor failed to kill him - Tom certainly would.The act was altogether so intimate and extreme that she gasped, once again reaching for his hair. He redirected his attention back to her, looking up to her with a fervour she had only seen once before.It was the thin line between love and hate. The pleasure from pain. The desire from someone else's suffering."Mark my words Eleanor, they'll pay". It was perhaps the most honest thing he had ever said in his life. Because they would and he would savour every moment of their tortured demise.It was an odd sensation, to meet someone who - even just for a brief second in time - seemed to be everything you have ever needed in a person. As those words fell out of his mouth, Eleanor came to the conclusion that she needed Tom. Not just in a sexual way, but in a fundamentally spiritual way, like how a sinner needed a church and the promise of absolution.
  He was her absolution and perhaps, she was his.
With that realisation, a surge of rousing passion ran through her and immediately took over her movements. She dragged him back up to her and kissed him as she had never done before, burying her lips and tongue into his welcoming mouth. Eleanor had one hand gripped tightly into his hair and another firmly clawed into his back and for the first time, she felt like she was in control of him.Deciding to act on the power she momentarily held, she flipped him onto his back and straddled his hips. Tom's hands began to cup her breasts as he sat up into the new position, creating an increase in pressure between their legs. Eleanor instinctively reacted to it, grinding down into his lap and finding a movement that seemed to massage her clit."Please" she whimpered when the sensation was becoming both too much and not enough against his hardness underneath the fabric of the boxer shorts."Please what?" he teased, breaking the kiss for only a moment to let the words pass.Eleanor's eyes clenched shut and a hand of hers moved to assist satisfy her core. But as it did, strong arms reached over to grab her wrist."No. Only I get to touch you tonight" he warned and she only whimpered back at the words."Tell me, Eleanor...What do you want me to do to you?" he repeated to her, his hips moving in rhythmic massage against her increasing wetness.She bit back a moan in response and finally succumbed to his teasing with frustration."Please Tom...just fuck me" her tone was demanding yet yearning and she looked at him as if he was the only thing she had ever wanted.Seeing Eleanor like that was enough to drive him to a flurry of obsessive arousal. He flipped her over in one swift movement and pinned her arms over her head, taking back all the control she had stolen from him. Keeping them there with one gripping hand, his other travelled down with his mouth and began kissing and sucking at her nipples. Her breath hitched at the sensation and again, she bucked her hips up at him desperately seeking relief."Never one for patience were you?" he chuckled in a breathless rasp against her skin, taking another swipe with his tongue past the sensitive pink tissue of her breast."Shut up" she scolded him, but the heavy gasp for air that followed seemed to retract the bitterness in her sentiment.He began to slide off his boxer shorts, revealing his large, erect manhood as he did. Eleanor's eyes widened at the sight. Niaevely, she wondered if something that thick and long could ever fit inside her. And the creeping regret of her inexperience began to enter her mind. His fingers returned to her wet, throbbing core, massaging it as if he was preparing it for the pressure to come.They breathed raggedly in between their kisses as he let his penis glide through the tight valley of her legs, inching towards her entrance."Tom...wait" she muttered, staring directly into his eyes with a tiny shred of concern."Is this too much?" he began, adjusting to her mood instantly and almost pulling away. He thought perhaps he had pushed her too far, or maybe he had done something that reminded her of Bertie. He instantly hated himself.But she didn't seem to be perturbed and her hands wrapped around his back pulling him into her again and closing the distance. Eleanor glanced up at him with doe eyes laced in an emotion that was foreign...shame?"I...I've never..." she mumbled, not even sure why she was bringing it up in the first place. She felt embarrassed and a flush met her cheeks with agonising heat."You're a virgin?" he asked in disbelief, trying to suppress the wave of vivid compulsion that rushed through him with the realisation, it made him harder against her stomach."Just, if you could go slow..." she said quietly, brushing a thumb over his cheekbone."Eleanor if you aren't ready for this..." he started, ignoring the fire in his groin and the lust in his mind."Tom, I want it to be you...I want you," she admitted in a small, pleading voice with an angelic smile that juxtaposed their sinful position.If Tom Riddle had ever felt blind insatiable passion - it was this exact moment. His eyes went dark and his jaw clenched in pleasure at her words."I'll be gentle and if you want me to stop, just say..." he promised - with a look of complete sincerity she had never seen before.She smiled and leaned into his ear, her heart beating rapidly as she did,"Please, Tom."It was the single most lustful thing he had ever heard. Her voice was silky and yet there was a begging to her tone that pushed him over the edge into divine euphoria.
  And who was he to disobey the devil?
Slowly, he settled into her, positioning himself at her dripping entrance, her breathing went slightly ragged as she swallowed hard, preparing for the relief she needed.His soft tip inched in and they both let out a loud groan at the sensation of it. After checking once more to see if Eleanor was okay, he pushed further into her.Her nails dug into the flesh over his biceps and she closed her eyes, adjusting to the discomfort of the sensation. There was a sharp pain that overtook her as he slid in, that made her wince and look to the ceiling. But it didn't dull her need for him and if anything the extreme intimacy of the action was pleasurable.He seemed to sit in her for a brief second almost as if he was savouring the moment that he took her virginity and very slowly, began moving in and out in a devastatingly slow pace. A low, guttural groan was released from his throat and she felt another wave run through her, making her wetter below."Fucking hell Eleanor," he growled in a low, raspy voice laced with unquenchable desire.She couldn't help but enjoy how he said her name. Despite her many protests for him not to use it, when she heard it fall from his tongue it sounded like the closest thing to heaven she had ever witnessed.
  And since she was sure she was going to hell, she savoured the glimpse of it.
Eleanor bit down hard on her bottom lip, almost drawing blood as he glided into her with a little more force this time. Her gaze found Toms agonisingly concentrated face, which looked to be in a mixture of devout arousal and hunger. She felt her body adapt to Tom's presence inside of her and as she did, Eleanor became aware of the mounting pressure that was building within her which replaced the pain.A wave of pleasure wrapped around her and she couldn't help but moan in response to it."Tom...oh my god"He seemed to take this as an invitation to go even deeper into her. Eleanor's fingers dug into his shoulders again, needing some form of a place to exert the pressure onto."Say it again."He quickened his pace and gave her a look that would send her straight to hell if they weren't already there."Tom...I..." she forced out between gasps. Her back arched, pushing him further in and he seemed overtaken by pleasure in the act."You're so fucking tight" he hissed out, resisting the urge to succumb to his own needs and ravage her without mercy.Eleanor was enraptured by the feeling of every stroke sending her further into a spiral of craving. She felt the onset of tears in her eyes, at the divine sensation."Please...Tom" she cried out, a tear grazing her cheek."Tell me, Eleanor, use your fucking words" he spat out, taking a break from planting a series of bruising kisses on her neck."I...Please"He found her sweet spot and she gasped, interrupting her words."More, please" she begged, finally opening the flood gates of her desire.He couldn't help but take her in like this. Begging for him. Needing him. It was pure rapture that made him animalistic.Tom momentarily pulled away and she whimpered at the lack of touch. He quickly got onto his knees, splaying her out and pushing into her once more, harder. Her legs sat on either side of his thighs as she lay there still on her back, finding nothing but satisfaction in the new position. His pace quickened and became more erratic.she watched from below as the muscles in his stomach and arms flexed and contracted with every movement.Somehow she became even more sensitive to him like this and she couldn't help but show that."Tell me how I make you feel" he demanded over her, his hands gripping down at the fleshy flanks of her thighs."I..ohhhh my god" she moaned uncontrollably as one of his hands moved to her clit and began rolling it, edging her deeper."I said tell me how you feel Eleanor. I don't like repeating myself" Tom berated her, enjoying seeing her begin to unravel."I think I'm going to...I...you're..." she began, rolling her eyes back at his touch sending violent waves through her."You're what Eleanor?" he spat at her."Your...gonna make me... come Tom" she finished in a low, exasperated slur."Manners" his tone was raspy, almost violent.She filled the air with a symphony of her pleading, edging him closer with her every word."I want it...I want it, please" Eleanor begged, dying for the release."Who do you belong to?" he loudly asked, pounding into her with unprecedented roughened force."You" she whimpered, a tear falling from her eye as she succumbed to the deep desire.He knew she didn't actually mean it, but just hearing the words as momentary truths was more than enough for him."Who Eleanor?""You, Tom!" she cried, another string of tears falling from her eyes.As they let the bliss overcome them, he seemed to twitch vigorously inside her sending them into nirvana. And just like that, they reached the peak of their climax together. With a loud groan, he filled her with his pleasure. Eleanor felt a high she had never reached, as a flurry of promises fell from their swollen lips and their kisses became sloppy and lingering.Falling down onto the bed, their chests heaved, desperate for air."No saint could've done that Eleanor" he whispered in a roughened voice."Maybe we're not meant to be saints" she replied with a euphoric smile, turning to him and taking in his flushed, face glistening with exhaustion.
  And they weren't.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  "Have you ever seen hell in someone's eyes,

  but loved them anyway?"

  -Maram Rimawi
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
Some say the night is darkest before the dawn, but could we say the same of the reverse? Does that mean that in the midst of chaos and on the precipice of darkness, a small promise of light may emerge? They say that just prior to death, the body returns to its utmost health. Just for a moment in time, those who lost their past remember their lovers and the faltering heart seems to pound to a lively beat again. It's called terminal lucidity; a regained sense of life on the brink of death.Eleanor had never felt lightness to rival the way her heart was fluttering or her lips were pulled into an insatiable smile. There was no darkness before the dawn, there was only a flash of bright flame before her dark fate. As she ran through the misty gardens of her childhood home, her dainty hand gripped in his - a feeling overtook her that replaced her usual state.For a single moment, there was no pain, no tortured memory and no impending death. It was just Eleanor and Tom together...happy.Barging into the hotel doors at three o'clock in the morning, they sprinted up the stairs electing to ignore the worried eyes and cheery greeting of the concierge that rang after them in their rushed ascent."Buonanotte Signore e Signora Riddle! Are you okay...Did'a something happen?" his thick accent called after them.To be fair, they did look rather awful. His shirt was splattered with blood and his boots were muddy. Her dirty dress was ripped and her stockings torn. Not to mention the wild hair and the incandescent gleam on their skin.Eleanor, of course, couldn't help once again bursting into a fit of laughter at being called Signora Riddle and surprisingly, she caught Tom silently chuckle beside her too - before recomposing himself and rolling his eyes at her profound immaturity. But his lips twitched up, threatening to form a grin.
  After all, it was a ridiculous notion.
They spent the rest of the moonlit night in the shower and then promptly ended up tangled in the sheets of Tom's bed - going to sleep just as the crows began to wake and the Florentine sun rose. Her heavy eyelids fell shut and plunged her into a blissful slumber that she had never known before. Tom watched as she did, taking in the affront of lavender and petrichor that seemed to dance all over the air around them. And for once, he didn't scrunch his nose - but breathed it in, like the insatiable first inhalation of tobacco.They both knew their intimacy was an incredibly stupid act and Tom of all people despised the distraction of the grotesquely human urges that seemed to take over even the strongest of wills. But as they lay there in the cold silk sheets, there was a mutual agreement that a temporary lapse in judgement was acceptable. After all, what's the worst that could happen?When Eleanor finally woke, she stirred slightly feeling an immeasurable ache shoot through her groin and a subtle pain in her shoulder blade. She opened her eyes to see Tom, sitting against the headboard, buried in a book and smoking a cigarette. For a moment, she simply took in the sight of him, nestling into her pillow and looking up at him through her thick lashes. To her surprise, he was still completely naked barely covered by the sheets, his defined musculature seemingly more carved in the daylight."Didn't anyone ever tell you it's rude to stare?" he drawled, not taking his eyes off the pages.Heat rushed to her cheeks and she averted her gaze to the ring on her finger which was glittering shards of light all around."What are you reading?" she asked softly, her throat dry and hoarse from the night of...voiced elation."One of yours from Malfoy Manor...Transmorgrifian Torture Techniques, it's quite enthralling actually...no pathetic romanticism or bonnets though, I must warn you". He took another drag of his cigarette and instantly the familiar scent of cologne and tobacco filled her senses."Mmmm that is a shame..." she grinned at his jest, "the chapter on possession curses is quite good from memory though""I'm still at bone bending, I'll get back to you with my thoughts".She let out a content sigh and tried not to focus on the pain in her lower abdomen. He finally glanced over to her, laying on her side and looking up at him with doe eyes that could maim any hunter.Instinctively, she pulled up the sheets to cover her exposed body. But not before he could notice her neck and chest was littered with the blues and purples that he planted on her the night before. He couldn't help but let the pleasure of seeing his marks on her wash over him. It was no secret he was possessive. Tom liked seeing her like this, unguarded, yet so full of her usual biting intellectual vigour - all while her soft creamy skin was branded his.His piercing glare noticed her attempt to hide a wince of discomfort as she readjusted herself and he was immediately reminded of her fragile condition."Are you in pain?""No" she lied quickly, grabbing another book from the stack he had on the bedside table.Tom sighed in exasperated annoyance, shaking his head at the beautiful idiot in front of him. Surely she knew by now she couldn't get a lie past him. He put the cigarette in between his teeth and got up, revealing his sculpted back - before slipping on a pair of boxers. Eleanor averted her gaze, gluing her eyes to the pages of the new book before he turned around and noticed her looking.The sound of clattering sounded from the side of the room as he flittered through his trunk, searching for something. After plucking out a small vial, he strode casually over to Eleanor and offered the clear liquid to her."You're a terrible liar Grindelwald"She rolled her stormy eyes at him with a small scoff and mistakenly sat up - feeling the sensation of freshly torn muscle rip through her. Instantly, she clutched low on her stomach, hating that the very act proved him right. His eyebrow quirked upwards and a flash of concern met his features, he opened his mouth to say something - but the words to say were lost on him."I'm fine," Eleanor defended in the most levelled voice she could manage. She took the liquid and shot it down immediately, welcoming the wetness in her dry mouth. As she did, he seemed satisfied with her compliance and began to dress. Eleanor desperately wanted to tell him to stop and demand that he and her revisit the shower, but her shyness got the best of her."I'm going to go and get us some breakfast," he said, running a hand through his messy raven hair, "just try and do as you're told for once and lie down". It was a warning, but his usual edge of sharpness was notably absent.With a defiant huff, she gave him a small nod and returned back to her book. Of course, as soon as the door clicked closed she bounded out of bed, hissing at the mounting aches in her body and retreated to the shower. The heat of the water felt like holy water blessing her skin, she drowned herself in the feeling, letting her body go pink. She knew everything about the situation she found herself in was profoundly wrong.Set aside the fact she had killed people last night and even broke into her home under illegal ministerial investigation to steal a powerful weapon of mass destruction. Wrath and Pride. Eleanor had succumbed to a sin she didn't even know she wanted to commit. Lust. She wondered then how something so wrong could feel so right.An alarming thought passed through her mind, one that no woman would want to have at her age. Her heart began to beat rapidly as she considered the predicament. Despite it being quite taboo, she knew enough from Octavia that a woman had to - take care of a few things after sex. There was a potion you could take, illegally brewed and sold by a talented Ravenclaw of course, or there was a spell you could conduct. Either way, she had no idea what the spell was, or how to make the potion.
  Fuck.
Eleanor emerged from the shower, folding her wet locks into a towel and wrapping herself in a thick fluffy robe. The click of the door sounded from a distance and she threw the towel away and bolted to the bed - lying down before he could get angry at her for leaving it. She quickly opened her book to the page she left on and did her best to pretend to be deep in thought as he entered the room."I see you've disobeyed my request for you to lie down," he observed with a hitched brow and a sigh, taking in her fresh face, robe and wet hair."Didn't think I wanted to make it a habit of doing as I was told""You didn't seem to be particularly objected to it last night" he drawled, with a piercing gaze and the hint of a devilish smirk played on his lips.Eleanor was left taken aback at the brash words, her mouth was open with no words able to be formulated for a response. Tom seemed satisfied by this and his smirk deepened as he clicked his fingers and an array of pastries on a silver tray flew in and landed next to her on the bed."I didn't know which ones you liked...so I just ordered all of them""Th...Thank you..." she whispered in a stammer, but it sounded like a question - as if she was unsure if it was necessary.He simply nodded and sat at the small desk in the corner of the room returning to his work with a coffee and one of the biscuits she made him try yesterday. Clearly, he liked it more than he let on.For a while, she simply watched him work. His intent gaze glued to the pages of the book and occasionally writing notes in the diary she gifted him. She had to repress the smile that threatened to form on her lips as she noticed him using it.Eleanor bit her lip, internally loathing the situation she found herself in. Finally, she took a deep breath and broke the silence."Can I ask you a question?"He turned around to her, eyeing the untouched pastries and then looked up at her with a sharp gaze laced with confusion."What is it?"Eleanor became uncomfortable under his stare and dragged her eyes down to pick at the fabric of the robe."I...uhhh" she began, "you know...I know you do this a lot...But I don't...obviously". The words became more strained and awkward as she went and her stomach whirled at the embarrassment."Spit it out Eleanor," he sighed, now fully turning to her attempting to decipher her odd mood entertained by her apparent discomfort.She glanced sideways and then fluttered her eyes up to his, "I don't know how to do the contraception charm" she blurted out with a flurry of guilty confession.A look of amusement passed his features and he seemed to find some sort of endearment to her innocence. After all, in every other area of her life, she was completely corrupted and it appeared to contradict her harsh, dark character altogether."And..."Eleanor let out an irritating huff, she knew what he was doing. Of course, he wanted to make this as embarrassing as possible for her and as always, he got a kick out of her not knowing something."Can you do it...please" she hated herself for giving him the satisfaction, but pregnancy was obviously something she had no intention of experiencing - especially with Tom. The thought made her want to vomit and laugh at the same time."Only if you eat something"She began to manically stuff an almond croissant in her mouth with such little grace - if it wasn't so funny it would be disgusting. He turned back to the book and his notes but she swore she saw the edges of his mouth twitch up.After she had finished four of the ten pastries her stomach began to churn signalling that one more bite might be a mistake. She cleared her throat awkwardly, looking down again. The sound of his chair dragging across the floor and him striding over was deafening.
  Why was she being so awkward?
With a focused stare and a wave of his wand, he conducted the spell onto her. She made a mental note to remember it if she ever found herself in the situation again - which she probably wouldn't. A warmth began to spread in her lower abdomen and she shifted at the sensation."I'm going to go for a walk..." she began, breaking the silence once the warmth subsided. She needed to feel the sunlight on her face and desperately needed a distraction from the situation she found herself in."Absolutely not"She stared up at him, her mouth slightly open and her brows knitted together. Frustration rose in her mind."And why not?""Eleanor...The streets are crawling with ministry officials, they're looking for any sign of your grandfather's forces. Our little break in last night has attracted a lot of attention. Not to mention...""The homicide?" she finished for him, a pang of guilt hitting her as she did."I was going to say the fact that they know something was stolen - but yes that too"She shot up out of the bed, skirting past him carefully so she didn't brush up against him as she did, and strode over to his door not giving him another look in return."I'll be inconspicuous and wear muggle sunglasses... trust me they'll think nothing of it" she called from behind her, entering her room to change.Eleanor didn't have to look at him to know he was frustrated, she felt it waft in the air and reverberate through her. It was strange, she always seemed to be able to sense his mood whenever they were close. Maybe it was the peculiar lingering energy bond that somehow never ceased completely, or perhaps it was simply the fact that they knew each otherShe threw on another one of Octavia's ridiculously feminine dresses, which looked so contradictory on her. She was used to hiding herself in deep blacks, greens and reds and the white broderie dress seemed to be the antithesis of everything she would normally wear. There wasn't a particular reason why she shied away from these lighter, girlish colours - in fact, it looked quite nice on her. However, maybe it was subconscious like she was afraid at any moment, the blood on her hands would stain the delicate fabric and pastels.Luckily for her, Octavia packed a large wide-brimmed hat wrapped in a black bow and a pair of tortoiseshell sunglasses, similar to those she saw on the beautiful women in the muggle picture theatre wearing. Staring at herself in the mirror, she realised the evidence of last night was still littered over her neck. Rummaging through the case, she found a silk scarf and tied it around her neck.After triumphantly dashing out the door, she took a deep breath, grateful to be alone. However as she descended the steps of the hotel, she felt a familiar presence catch up to her and hover just behind."I can look after myself you know, I'm perfectly capable of being -""This is your problem Grindelwald, you are completely and utterly deluded" he snapped back sharply, coming into her periphery dressed in a set of simple trousers and a tailored white button-up shirt.Eleanor rolled her dark blue eyes at him and let out a long sigh, "Deluded? How so?""It's remarkable, you seem to run into every opportunity for trouble,""Well that explains how I ended up here with you""See, you have no idea what's good for you" he spat as they left the confines of the grand hotel lobby and stepped out onto the street."Are you proposing that you are good for me Tom?"He didn't answer and only pushed a cigarette in between his teeth, inhaling with as much force as he could and drowning his lungs in the tobacco. His mind waged a war with the influx of his thoughts and Eleanor knew better than to push him over the edge with another quippy comment.Instead, she turned her attention to the piazza they had wandered into and smiled as the ray of sun hit her pale skin and the buzz of busy restaurants and chatter filled her surroundings. The perfect distraction.Much to Toms's displeasure, they found themselves sitting at an upmarket restaurant at a table outside, which seemed to be perfect for people watching. Despite his foul mood, Eleanor couldn't wipe the joy off her face as a large glass of red wine was placed in front of each of them.She took a sip and let the rich taste run down her tongue and caress her throat."That's lovely, thank you we'll take a bottle" she beamed at the waitress."Of course, mam, would you or your husband like anything to eat?" the waitress replied in a thick accent, eyeing her impossibly large emerald ring. Eleanor had failed to realise it was on her wedding finger and she did her best to hide the blush that rose to her cheeks.Tom visibly stiffened at words and averted his gaze in annoyance to watch the tourists in the piazza make fools of themselves with their photography cameras. His eyes narrowed, somehow becoming more agitated than before.His discomfort seemed to delight her even further and allowing the wine-infused buzz to take over, she leaned forwards to look at the disgruntled man in front of her, with a teasing grin."Darling... do you want anything?" It took everything within her not to burst into a fit of laughter at his disposition.  When he failed to answer her and offered her a cutting glare, she smiled up to the waitress."A marghertia pizza, per favore""Very humorous" he replied sharply as the waitress left."Have you ever let yourself have fun before?" she took another sip of her wine and eyed how his messy curls draped just above his piercing eyes, framing them like a picture. If his glare wasn't so full of malice, she would say he looked handsome."We could be spotted by the ministry at any moment, do you realise how much danger you've put us in?" he hissed, ignoring the full glass in front of him."Yes I'm sure the ministry will be delighted to spot two unidentified young people drinking red wine at a muggle restaurant...how groundbreaking that will be for their search for my old, grey-haired grandfather..." she drawled sarcastically, enjoying her newfound game of pushing him as far as he could go.He buried his head in his hands and rubbed his forehead with a sigh as if she was the source of some terminal ache in his brain. She finished her first glass and promptly poured herself another."Are you aware that you have a drinking problem?" Tom asked her with an unmistakable look of judgement spread across his face as he watched her indulge herself."Are you aware that you have crippling control issues?" she shot back defiantly with a sweet smile.The waitress returned and placed a large pizza in front of them, uncomfortably shifting at feeling the tension between them and leaving as soon as she could. He dragged his eyes down to the plate between them and raised an eyebrow, looking at it like it was completely foreign."What? You've never had a pizza before?" Eleanor couldn't resist the small giggle that escaped her lips as she realised it."Of course not" he scoffed at her."Odd for someone that tells stories about holidaying in Gstaad," she remarked, "there are pizza cafes everywhere there, I would've thought you had tried it.""I don't like foreign food" he shot back at her, holding her gaze intently refusing to give in to the lie."What do you like then?"He ignored her question, taking a sip of the wine in front of him and surprisingly savouring the rich fruitiness on his tongue.She sighed and grabbed his plate, slapping a piece of the hot, cheesy bread onto it, before putting it in front of him and pushing his wine glass further towards him."How about we make a deal...if I eat this" he gestured to the plate, "I get to ask you a question and you have to answer truthfully...and don't bother lying to me because I'll know""Fine."This seemed to catch his interest and a smirk appeared on his face instantly, making her feel like she had just walked into a trap. She swallowed down hard and tried not to show her regret. He cut a small piece of it with his silverware and placed it in his mouth, not breaking his eye contact with her."How are you exactly going to break into the ministry?".She knew she would be better off getting up right at this moment and running back to the hotel. But, the numbing calm of the wine rushing through her bloodstream and the warning look on his face made her stay put in the chair. So she simply sighed with the acknowledgment that he had successfully trapped her into a confessional."There's a ball at the end of July, every one of them will be there""And you're just going to show up and...what? Start cursing everyone until your shot down?""No..." she narrowed her eyes at his condescending tone, "I'll cause a distraction.""A distraction? Seems a pretty bold move to make at the most heavily guarded building in the UK""Well, I can be bold when I have to be.""And then what? You'll simply...kill them all somehow without them calling for reinforcements or ganging up on your attack?". He was looking at her like she was absolutely insane.She regretted agreeing to the conversation immediately. If only he knew the hours of research and planning she had done - he was making her sound pathetic."Basically... yes. I haven't quite figured that bit out yet...But I have the talisman now, so that's one thing.""You really are an evil mastermind Eleanor, such a detailed, fool-proof plan...I'm lost for words at the-""Shut up" she snapped at him, cutting off his patronising tone. His dark eyes glinted with amusement and the wine seemed to have dulled his terrible mood."Oh come now...I thought you wanted to have fun.""As I said before, making it out alive is not a priority...If I have to bomb the whole place I will."A small crease appeared between his brows and he looked her over intently as if she were a lost item from history and he was only now discovering her. He looked perplexed like she made no sense to him."Why don't you fear death?""Because everyone I love is dead, how could I fear dying if I have nothing to live for?""There's more to life than family" he drawled at her with a disappointed tone."Like what?""Ambitions, interests, power..."She let out an empty laugh and ran her finger through her messy hair."Perhaps for some...but it seems my choices are either to get my revenge and die happy...or to be married off to someone that I'd hate and watch as the people I swore to kill become more and more powerful...all while I wait to die anyway."Tom's attention was undivided onto the girl in front of him and he listened to every word she said intently. He seemed to be analysing her every move, reaching for some sort of justification for her completely absurd philosophy."Why do you fear death?"Her question took him by surprise, he had never been asked something so personal in his life. Perhaps if it was anyone else he would've cursed them for even asking, but she was different.
  He didn't know why, but she just was.
"I have things I want to achieve, heights to reach. Anything that gets in the way of that-""That's not an answer" she sighed, shaking her head, "Tell me the truth."He raised a brow at her and for once under her keen gaze, found the uncomfortable sensation of feeling entirely perceived."I don't want to be confined by the absolute finality of any force. I can't imagine how people let that rule over them, govern their every move, it's fucking pathetic" he explained with a grimace, laced with true detest for the stupidity of others."But don't you think that death is what gives life meaning? If we didn't die we wouldn't have any incentive to live...Deaths finality is what makes our short time special""Says the martyr who is all too keen to cut that special time short for the sake of vengeance""We have the freedom to choose what we will die for Tom," she said softly, not noticing that she was leaning forward as much as she could."Besides, what's the point of living forever when you have to witness everyone else die around you? Wouldn't you find that a little depressing?""Perhaps those worth missing wouldn't have to die either""So you want to play god?" she scoffed, with a raised brow."Gods don't exist""No, of course not - that would be silly" she laughed at his arrogance, "Only men that refuse to die and vow to restore balance to the world under the gaze of their self-elected power...""The world is broken Eleanor, it needs to be fixed. You of all people know that the people making the decisions for us are corrupt and have ill intentions...What if there was someone to correct that? What if someone could restore the hierarchy- the way nature intended,". His voice was silky yet carried conviction as he spoke and she couldn't deny that at that moment, she understood him."Do you really think that could be done?""I intend to try"Eleanor tore her gaze away from his piercing eyes, noticing that the sun had gone down and they were under the starry night sky. She felt the familiar whirl of her head as she glanced down to her glass, noticing that they had drunk the entire bottle during their conversation.They found themselves stumbling back to the hotel with another bottle of wine clutched firmly in Eleanor's hand. Apparently, Tom had drunk quite a bit too and although he wasn't as tipsy as her, he took her hand in a way that told her he had softened slightly under the influence. Although, he would swear it was because she was about to sway into oncoming traffic."Do you regret it?" he asked her in a raspy voice, as they stood on the balcony of their hotel room against the railing, looking up at the stars and draining the second bottle.She knew what he was talking about immediately and a small blush rushed to her cheeks. If she were sober perhaps she would lie, but the alcohol in her bloodstream overtook that urge."No" she whispered with a small smile and took another sip of her wine, which began to taste like honey.He seemed to relax slightly at her answer and loosed his grip on the glass in his hand."For so long I..." she sighed at the impending vulnerability of her confession, "I associated sex with Belgaire Argyle, it made me sick...".She noticed him tense up slightly in her periphery as his posture went rigid and his jaw clenched."And then, there was a point where I truly thought...Bertie was going to..." she shook her head and closed her eyes, not able to finish her sentence.He nodded slowly, not expecting her to finish the sentence."I guess what I'm trying to say is...after everything...I didn't know..." she whispered, with an empty laugh at her own stupidity."You didn't know what?" he asked, turning his gaze onto her with unmistaken intensity."I didn't know it could be pleasurable," she admitted, embarrassment creeping through her.A darkness swept over Tom's eyes as they met her wide, glassy ones. Her innocent words were like heaven to him and stirred something deep within his body. He ran his tongue over his lips as it did and she watched the small movement with a hunger of her own.In the flash of a second, their lips connected with great force. The wine in their system drained them of their usual proclivities and instead, filled them with unquenched desire. Her hands found their home tangled in his hair and he wrapped his arms around her waist tightly, as if they were desperate for the warmth of each other's bodies."We really shouldn't" she began breathily in between their kisses. But, she made no move to stop and kissed him back without hesitation, tightening her grip."It would be...completely stupid," he agreed, moving down to her neck and moving one of his hands to skim over her breasts. Tom's lips met with the marks he made the night before and he made sure to leave them in a worse state than he found them. Determined to mark every part of her until she never thought of the scars others had given to her again."Utterly...ridiculous-" Eleanor hummed.She suddenly moaned at the sensation of him finding her sweet spot and tugged at his roots. He seemed to take great pleasure in this, as upon hearing it he nipped a little harder, sending a jolt straight to her core.One of her hands released his hair and snaked down to his trousers, where she felt a hardness underneath the fabric. Eleanor began to massage it and she felt him instantly react, placing a firm grip on her chin and dragging her face up to meet his."If you keep doing that I won't be able to stop" he growled, sending her a warning glare laced in heavy lust."Then don't" she whispered, panting slightly and burying her eyes into his burning gaze.With that, he picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist while he lead them into his room.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "And how odd it is, 

  to be haunted by someone who is still alive"

  ***
Eleanor let out a deep sigh as she walked up the gravel path to Malfoy Manor in the moonlight just as she did all those months ago. The moon was full and its incandescent glow lit the tops of the roses in the garden and skimmed across her newly tanned face. A chill ran down her spine as the wind picked up the January air and she thought back to the warm Italian nights she had just revelled in.She would never admit it but a small part of her never wanted to go back to England. They stayed in Florence for another two nights, under the heavily contestable excuse of 'further research' before the term started again. There was an odd sense of peaceful lightness that pervaded those two days. Tom and Eleanor slipped ceaselessly into a routine of waking up together after a night of passion and then spending their day reading, eating Italian delicacies and debating literary opinions or philosophical stances. It was organic in nature, like for the first time in their lives they let themselves indulge in their nonsensical, uninspiring desires.But all charades fade when the blissful gleam of lost hope runs dry and there's was no exception. For a brief moment in time, they lived a temporary lie of what could have been. If Eleanor's soul wasn't scarred so deeply by the need for vengeance and Tom's will wasn't consumed relentlessly by power and order, who knows what could have been. Maybe they could be the well-matched young couple simply delighting in the Florentine weather during a stroll along the Arno river that they appeared as.But fortune had other plans for them and sadly, they were seemingly paved with dark, unkind roads and not the pretty cobblestone ones they came to like.He left without saying goodbye. It hurt at first, but she knew in the long run it would be better for her own sanity. She awoke from an afternoon nap and found his things gone and a note on the bedside table.
  See you at school.

  Try not to do anything stupid in the meantime,

  -Tom
Eleanor had concluded that their charade had become tiring and it's growing transparency in the face of their reality forced him to turn away. And he was right, it was stupid of them to even entertain it. Besides, goodbyes were really not either of their fortè and at the very least, she appreciated the lack of awkwardness that his disappearance afforded them.As she got to the imposing front door, it creaked open with an off-putting whine before she even knocked as if welcoming her back to her harsh reality. She almost smiled at the humour in it. With a very quick greeting to her Aunt and Uncle - who were taking their 8:00 pm tea in the parlour, she told them her well-rehearsed lies of the grand Scottish escape she and Theodore had. They seemed to be fooled and with that satisfaction, she retreated back to her room.Eleanor lit the fire straight away, taken aback by the abrupt cold darkness of her bedroom, which gave her an odd sensation of loneliness. For a moment she sat there staring into the flames as if taking a moment to push the memories from the last few days out of the carousel in her mind and to reintroduce herself to normality. She didn't have the capacity to think of how her indiscretions could possibly come to bite her in the back. Although no words were ever said, Tom and Eleanor had come to a silent agreement that the things that occurred in Italy were all but a temporary moment of weakness- a slip in better judgement. She knew they would very easily go back to ignoring each other and seeing the intricate faults in each others character.After all, it was much to comprehend otherwise and both of them knew better than to think too far into the way they so hungrily divulged in each other's bodies and minds.With a wave of her wand, the bathtub began to fill with a rush of hot, steaming water and the familiar scent of lavender began to waft around the room freely. Inhaling deeply, she let the floral notes kiss her lungs and calm her racing mind."Pippy!" she called out and her voice reverberated and echoed along the high ceilings."Pippy is most glad Lady Eleanor is back miss! Pippy was sad without Lady Eleanor and missed making her secret library scones and tea..""I missed you too Pippy, truly no house-elf makes scones the same" she lied, with an endearing smile that sent him into a fit of beaming glee."Shall I make a special brew of tea for Lady Eleanor? Earl Grey and honey?""Yes please, that would be lovely"As she submerged herself into the heat of the bathtub she couldn't help but close her eyes and throw her head back in a relaxed sigh. She welcomed the feeling, with a sip of the fragrant tea, hoping it would lull her further into a state of distracted peace. But after a few minutes of waiting, it seemed the thoughts that she desperately wanted to banish from her mind were not so easily deterred. They were not the normal memories that haunted her, laced in malice, pain and agony - but something different entirely.
  His soft lips on her tender, sensitive neck.

  The rich taste of red wine and the sight of stars.

  The deep piercing azure gaze that could penetrate her soul.
Wait...What the fuck?She physically tried to shake the imagery out of her head, drowning her mind in the bathwater to stifle them out. She even contemplated trying to Obliviate herself to get a moments peace, even risking the high stakes of permanent memory loss. But they kept coming, invading her mind like a seven nation army and she was no match for their force.
  Gasping at the coldness of his fingers on her skin.

  Feeling the hot sun on her face as they sat in the park reading to each other.

  'Who do you belong to Eleanor?'
No.Absolutely not.She violently stood up from the bath and her wide eyes began to manically search the room for anything, anything that could distract her. For the first time in her life, she wished for her old thoughts to be back and even tried to relive the memory of Bertie McLaggan just to get away from her current one.Legging it to her room completely naked and still steaming from the water, she opened the draw of her writing desk and began to violently search in the cluttered mess of the draw. She pulled out half a bottle of whiskey that she had stolen from Abraxas' collection."This is not fucking happening" she whispered manically to herself, turning around to go back to the bathroom. But as she did, she caught the glimpse of a flash of silver on the mantle of the fireplace and she turned to it like a magpie eyeing something from their nest.The cigarette case felt cold and smooth underneath her touch and she couldn't help but open it and take a cigarette from the neat row for herself. It was only at this moment she realised that T.M.R was engraved into the inside of the case and she found herself running her fingers over the letters and feeling the risen metal. She even began to wonder what the M stood for and realised they shared a middle name initial...Fuck.This was not good.Her heart pounded and she felt it rise into her eardrums. She lit the cigarette but as the smoke danced around her, she was welcomed with a scent that plunged her into another lustful memory. If anyone had burst in to see the sight of Eleanor in the bath a bottle of whiskey in one hand and a cigarette in the other all while loud jazz was blaring - they perhaps would think she had finally lost it. And in a way, she had - because no one had ever gotten underneath her skin and wrapped themselves into the caves of her bones like Tom Riddle.The truth was, she hated herself for it because a small part of her liked the feeling - and she had no idea how to deal with that. ***The next day as she found herself regretfully packing her trunk for her return to Hogwarts, her heavy eyes itched with the lack of sleep she had endured the night before. Needless to say, Eleanor's efforts to subdue her mind were pointless and she spent the entire night wishing she had successfully drowned herself in the Black Lake.Once again, a loud symphony blared through the bronze gramophone in the corner of her room. It was Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake, a beautiful arrangement of chaotic harmony - which seemed to be the only thing that could partially distract her from her own dangerous mind.With a large thud, she threw all the banned books she was borrowing from the Malfoy library into the case, as well as her copious notes and a small silver cigarette case that she elected to not entertain with too much thought. A knock sounded at her door as she slammed shut her trunk, but the classical music droned the warning out. Eleanor hummed to the tune, remaining unaware that she had a visitor, who was now eyeing her suspiciously from the door.Suddenly, the music came to an abrupt halt, filling the air with silence and sending a violent shock through her."What the bloody hell is all the ruckus for?" Abraxas' snide tone sounded from behind her.She whipped around, scowl already set in place and she crossed her arms in an elaborate display of her displeasure of his company."What do you want Abraxas?"He shook his head in annoyance at her rudeness and slammed the door behind him, striding over to her window and turning his back on her."I think you owe me an explanation""For what?""Did you honestly expect me not to ask questions about what you and Riddle have been up to for the last week?" his sharp eyes looked over at the empty whiskey bottle on her desk and the ripped yellow dress that was draped over her chair. "I don't know what you're talking about, I was in Balmoral with-" she began, but he cut her off before she could finish the well-rehearsed lie. "Theodore? Yes, funny that, because I happened to run into Theodore on Wednesday at Avery's house...and what was even more peculiar was that when I asked him why he wasn't in Scotland with you, he failed to give me an answer..."She internally groaned at Theodore Lestranges' apparent inability to make up a lie on the spot. "I really don't think you're in the position to be lecturing me about sneaking around with other people in secret Abraxas...Besides, it's none of your business" she snapped with a cutting tone. "Just tell me what you're up to Grindelwald, otherwise I'll go straight to mother and tell her everything"She sighed in agitation and pinched the bridge of her nose to avoid the urge of cursing him right then and there. 
  That's what Tom would've done. 
"We just went away, to research...that's all""You're expecting me to believe that you snuck away with Tom Riddle for 5 days to conduct research when you could have done it in our library? Don't be daft Eleanor""You can choose not to believe me if you like Abraxas but that is what we were doing. Ask Tom yourself tomorrow if you're so bloody desperate," she spat back, watching how he recoiled when she suggested talking to him. She had to bite back a smile at the enjoyment of seeing the fear in his eyes. "What were you researching? Has this got something to do with the deathly hallows? Surely he hasn't dragged you into that too?" he regretted it as soon as the words left his mouth, but his curiosity got the better of him. 
  What?
She narrowed her eyes at the comment and filed away the information for later. "The deathly hallows? No, it has nothing to do with whatever that is...He was actually helping me find something,""Please" he scoffed, "Riddle doesn't help anyone unless he's getting something in return""It was mutually beneficial" she explained back, rolling her eyes at him, of course she knew that. "Oh, I'm sure it was." he sent her an empty laugh with a judgemental gleam in his eye."You have no idea what you're talking about, get out" she hissed, dismissing him and busying herself with cleaning the clothes sprawled around her room. She heard him sigh deeply from the corner and he put his hands in his pockets awkwardly like he was preparing himself to make a grand statement. "Eleanor...I think I do...", for the first time in her life, she saw another side of Abraxas peak through his usual demeanour. She couldn't be sure, but it was almost as if he was being...protective of her. "What are you insinuating exactly?" "Listen, Eleanor, I know Tom and I know him well...When he wants something he will do anything to get it...Whatever it is, he will say anything...be anything" he spoke slowly and cautiously letting the subtext of his words shadow around them. "Trust me Abraxas, I can look after myself, it's not what you think-""Just listen to me for once. He does this with girls Eleanor, he plays with them and he uses them for his own advantage and then he disposes of them as if they were nothing-""You don't think I know that?! You don't think that I don't take every word that comes out of his mouth with a cup of salt? Do you take me for a complete fool? Has it ever crossed your mind that I may be using him just as he is using me?" her voice was cutting and she was getting too defensive, but her reaction was uncontrollable and jagged as it hurt her fragile pride. "Look - whatever you and Tom are doing, just make sure you don't mistake him for someone with good intentions. I see the way you are together, I know he likes you and you may have some weird, shared obsession with dark shit... but just promise me you'll be careful..." his glacier eyes were warning and glinted with fright. It was odd to see him so unlike himself. His words stung her pride like they were a thousand mosquito's sent for her soul. For the first time ever, she wished he were back to being horrible - because she knew he was being honest and that was somehow worse. "I know what I'm doing," she sighed, desperately seeking their conversation to end. She couldn't help but think if only Abraxas knew how truly horrific Eleanor's intentions really were, perhaps he would be warning Riddle about her instead of the other way around. Abraxas accepted this and nodded rigidly, shooting an awkward gaze around the room and clearing his throat."Have you spoken to Charlotte lately?" Eleanor asked, testing the waters of their ceasefire. "That's none of your business" he spat back with crossed arms, but it lacked the cool edge his voice normally carried."I think you'll find it is my business. Do you know how hard it is for her? To be treated so awfully by you in public and then so...different in private? She has whiplash, I hear her cry most nights Abraxas, It's cruel-""I know" his voice was tired and he closed his eyes, letting the guilt wash over him. "You need to tell Octavia, it's gone too far"He paused, fighting the urge to snap back at her with his usual biting insults. "How would you do it? If you were...in my predicament...""Well I'd stop being such a fuckwit to her for one" she pointed a sharp finger at him, which he dismissed with a roll of his eyes,  "and I would just be honest...tell her that you love Charlotte""Love?" he scoffed in a mocking tone, running an anxious hand over the back of his neck and averting his eyes to the floor, "I don't think so,"."You think she's beautiful, don't you?""Of course""You couldn't stand it if she were with anyone else?""I'd bloody murder them""She makes you laugh?""Alright! Fine!...For the love of Merlin. Fine..." he yelled at her in frustration, "I love her, I fucking love her". His confession was tortured, as if it was the last thing he ever wanted to admit to himself."And for whatever reason Abraxas - and trust me I have absolutely no idea - she loves you too. That's what you need to tell Octavia" her tone was harsh and demanding, but he needed to hear it. Because truthfully, she was sick of lying to her best friend. 
  ***
Eleanor buried herself in a book for the whole journey back to Hogwarts. The girls were busy planning every single detail of Octavia's wedding, bridal shower and honeymoon, addressing everything from the colour of her lingerie to the table setting aesthetic. She would be lying if she didn't admit she found it all incredibly tedious and repetitive, but she tried her best to act enthused when she had to. After all, there was nothing she wanted more than Octavia to be happy and since the wedding was scheduled ten days prior to the Aurors for Peace Ball, it may well be the last time she ever saw her. As the carriage was filled with the thrilling debate on floral options, the thoughts of how her family would react to her death ran through her mind. Abraxas definitely wouldn't care and might actually be proud of her for doing something useful and killing off some of the ministry. Her uncle might think the same, however, he would harbour a small amount of guilt for not protecting his favourite sister's only surviving daughter sufficiently. Her aunt would despise the bad press and the circulation of gossip and would probably mourn her death until she figured out a way to host a memorial society ball in her honour every year. But Octavia would be something else. She could see her pretty blue eyes well with tears as she visited Eleanor's grave every year and perhaps she might even name her future daughter after her. Poor girl.Out of all the people, she would miss when she died, Octavia would be the most.Her mind then drifted to the rest of her friends, whom she knew would eventually move on. Ezra may be sad for a while, but hopefully marrying Ludo would give him solace. Then, she thought of Theodore, who would no doubt manage to say something hilariously inappropriate at her wake. She may even become a subject of his many toasts, she could picture him so clearly, older but with the same larrikinism standing on the table at a dinner party with his glass shot up into the air yelling "To those in heaven, who will surely be bored when all of us finally meet in hell". Then her mind drifted to Tom. She knew he wouldn't miss her. She couldn't help but wonder if would he ever pick up an old book and be reminded of how they read it together under the trees in the Florentine park. Or maybe, think back to her one night when he sipped a glass of red wine, or perhaps-"What do you think Eleanor? Light pink or black?" Octavia asked, pulling her from her morbid thoughts and into the lightness of their conversation. "Bridesmaids dresses..." Charlotte added, after watching her face try and compute the subject of their conversation. "Well you know I'm an advocate for black. But if its a summer wedding in the gardens I think light pink would be lovely" she replied, attempting to sound invested in the topic. "I agree, black is sophisticated but light pink is more on theme" Mabel added, putting another peppermint imp into her mouth. "Light pink it is! Oh you three will look so divine, I can't wait. Now onto invitations..."In an act of self-preservation, Eleanor decided not to go back to entertaining the thoughts of how Tom may react to her death. After all, it was pointless and if Abraxas' words were anything to go by, she doubted he would give her a second thought. Instead, she successfully went back to the paragraph on blood bonds in her Russian curses book and left them to the rest of their jubuliant chatter. It was rude and she knew it. But, honestly, she wasn't going to be of much assistance in debated deckled versus linen parchment for invitations anyway, and she desperately needed the distraction. 
  ***
As they sat at the crowded, long Slytherin table in the great hall, Eleanor was relieved to see that Tom's usual seat was empty. Her shoulder relaxed and her jaw unclenched slightly without having to think about the prospect of looking him in the eye after everything that happened in Italy. She made a silent pact to herself to avoid him at all costs. All was going to plan, she was deliberately late to the St Pancras station to steer clear of facing him at the platform. As soon as the train arrived at Hogwarts, she legged it to a carriage, knowing that Head Boy's have to wait until all students are before disembarking themselves. And now, she sat quietly in her seat, eating as quickly as she could, so she could return to the safety of her dorm. Theodore leaned into her ear with a cheeky grin and a wink, "How was your little holiday then? Still able to walk I see..."She sneered at his grotesque slimeyness and hit him firmly on the shoulder."It was fine thank you" her voice was hard and her lips pressed into a firm, serious line, "Plenty of research was done" "Research? Is that what they're calling it now...'the study of sexual pleasure' perhaps" he chuckled and she glared at him in response, "Oh come on Grindelwald, you're practically glowing. Are you really going to sit here and tell me you haven't spent the last week being fucked to death by-""It was just research Theodore, drop it" her tone was icy and her eyes sent him daggers laced in warning that would scare the devil himself. He didn't seem very affected by it though and simply sighed at her in disappointment. "If you say so, but next time you try to lie to me darling..." he leaned closer into her ear so no one else could hear,  "at least cover the hickeys on your neck" he gestured below her face with a flourish of his hand. Her stormy eyes widened in shock, instantly looking down to inspect her skin which she was sure she had charmed to disguise. But after a moment of inspecting it, she still couldn't see anything that suggested otherwise. Slowly, realisation loomed over her with the sound of Lestranges booming laughter next to her and the looked up to him with a fresh blush crawling into her cheeks. It of course, was a rouse that she had fallen for. "Made you look... better luck lying to me next time, little minx" he winked at her, pushing his goblet into hers in cheers. She rolled her eyes at him and scoffed at the ridiculousness of his little trick, which she couldn't believe she was stupid enough to fall for in the first place. 
  Fucking hell, now Theodore Lestrange knows. Merlin help her. 
As the silent panic washed through her, a tall figure came to sit down opposite them in her periphery. Eleanor knew it was Tom because as soon as he sat, the smell of fresh tobacco and cologne graced the air violently and, she could feel his piercing gaze boring into the side of her face. Her eyes were trained to her plate of dinner and she began to construct an excuse to escape the situation in her head. "Grindelwald" she heard an all too familiar low voice greet her. She internally groaned and had no choice but to flicker her awkward gaze up to him in response. There was something slightly off about the way he appeared. Despite his usual raven hair in its controlled mess, focused icy glare and his sharp jawline...something was different about him. His eyes were underlined by heavy darkened bags, which were worse than she had ever seen them before. It was like seeing a small crack run through a fine marble statue, a blemish that appeared so apparent due to its misplacement on otherwise perfect features. Eleanor wanted to ask him about them and pry into all the details of his troubles, but this was not Florence. And they were nothing but two people that happened to share mutual interests - at least that's what she told herself.  "Riddle" she returned with a small nod and a little less confidence than anticipated, returning her trained gaze to the table instantly and trying to hide the blush that crept to her cheeks as she did. Theodore watched the exchange keenly with an amused grin and a subtle shake of his head. He found them fascinating, like two wild beasts that exhibited the strangest mating habits. He had no choice but to chuckle to himself at the supreme lack of awareness they both had - and pray to god that Tom didn't see. Luckily, Tom ignored Eleanor for the rest of the evening electing to speak in hushed tones to Abraxas and Ezra. Although, he directed a few glances her way when he thought she wouldn't notice. Tom took in her dishevelled demenour with his scrupulous eyes; messier hair than usual (if that could even be possible), bloodshot eyes and biten nails. 
  Odd. 

  ***
The window shook as the violent wind whirled around the castle and the haunting sound sent shivers down Eleanors spine. It was just before midnight and the other girls were fast asleep as she read under a small knox light in her sheets. Once again, she couldn't lull herself to sleep and without the loud tunes of Tchaikovsky or the library of Maloy manor to occupy her thoughts at night, she found herself reading Emma for the fiftieth time. Her mouth twitched up at the paragraph, which fluttered her heart slightly. 
  "He shook his head; but there was a smile of indulgence with it, and he only said:"I shall not scold you. I leave you to your own reflections.""Can you trust me with such flatterers?—Does my vain spirit ever tell me I am wrong?""Not your vain spirit, but your serious spirit.—If one leads you wrong, I am sure the other tells you of it."
The sound of a creek at the front door sent her body rigid instantly and her heart began to race, as she attempted to peer through the thin fabric of her sheet to identify the source of the noise. The faint sound of footsteps became louder and louder as she realised they were heading in the direction of her bed and her breathing became hitched with fear. 
  Fuck. 
Her first thought was that it was Bertie McLaggan, coming to seek revenge on her and tear her limb from limb, all the while sending her truly insane with the cruciatus. It wouldn't surprise her if it was. After all, his battered face looked at her with a glance full of newfound hatred today at dinner. It was something so pure of maliciousness and loathing and threatened to send her spiralling into another fit of traumatic stress. She heard the stranger approach her, yet her body was paralysed with fear. The only movement, was her hand, violently shaking her wand in a panic over her forgotten book. Suddenly the sheets were ripped off her body and before she could let out a defining scream, a large hand cupped itself around her mouth. Her wild, fearstruck eyes met with Tom's and instantly she relaxed, almost on the precipice of fainting from the shock. He extended his finger to his lips, signalling her to be quiet and took her hand, pulling her out of the bed. Her features were laced with confusion as she followed him and her bare skin shivered under the cold bite of the winter castle air as they left the dorm room."What the fuck are you doing?! You scared me half to death... I thought you were B... Bertie!" she stammered at him in a hushed angry tone. "Don't be ridiculous, he wouldn't dare go near you" Tom dismissed her, offering her one of his thick black woolen coats.She just looked at it, hanging from his hands with defiant confusion all over her face."What is this? A midnight rendevous invitation?" "Of course not" he spat in agitation, running a hand through his hair,  "don't be stupid Eleanor, just put on the fucking coat. I have to show you something"Eleanor sighed in defeat with narrowed eyes - not happy with his rude interruption from her favourite chapter of the novel - and pulled on the coat over her silk nightie. With a wave of her wand, she conjured a dainty pair of flats and slipped them on, completely unsure why she was even bothering to go with him in the first place. 
  Why couldn't she say no to him?
He didn't say anything to her as he lead her through the dark, silent castle and out of the courtyard doors into the exterior grounds. "What are you gonna do murder me? It's freezing out-" she began to complain, feeling the nip of frost bite at her cheeks and nose. He stopped in his tracks and turned around to her with a warning glare, "Will you just shut up? If we get caught, we'll be in detention until graduation." "Just tell me where your taking me" she demanded, planting herself firmly into her spot in the grass and refusing to move.The familiar look of exasperation overtook his darkened features and he sighed while pinching the bridge of his nose and clenching his eyes shut. 
  This girl will be the death of him. 
"Do you trust me Eleanor?""No, of course not.""Okay well, what if I told you I had a way of helping you break into the Aurors for Peace Ball? Would you come with me then?"Her head snapped up to his and she took every detail of him in, searching for a hint that he was lying. It was difficult to tell in the dark, but she couldn't see any of the usual traces of deception she came to know across his perfect features. "And why would you do that?" she laughed, still in complete disbelief. "Because I've found myself in the position where I have business there" Tom explained in a harsh whisper, now gripping her shoulders with his gloved hands, "Now are you coming or not? We don't have a lot of time..."Her skin burned under his touch and a flurry of unwelcome memories began to enter her mind. Eleanor's gaze averted to the floor in the shame of it. "Fine" she huffed and with that, he continued to drag her further into the grounds and towards the Forbidden Forest.An owls haunting call filled the gloomy, thick forest as she and Tom rounded the trunk of a large oak tree. After all that she had been through, not many things scared Eleanor, but she would be lying if she didn't admit that being there at night sent a spine chilling tingle down her body. As they walked deeper into the thickened mass of blackened trees, she noticed a few specs of white light in the distance and as she squinted, the form of a few figures could be seen next to them."Good evening gents" Tom called out to them as they got closer. He waved his wand and conjured a large fire in the middle of the clearing, which illuminated the others around it. To her surprise, she saw Ezra Rosier, Abraxas Malfoy, Theodore Lestrange, Ludo Avery and Caspian Mulciber, gathered around in thick, black coats. Their faces registered her presence and she was met with a mix of confusion and something she could only describe as fear. Ezra's green eyes bored into hers in alarm - as if asking her why on Earth she was here with them and silently urging her to turn back and run as fast as she could. Eleanor sent back a questioning look unable to comprehend his odd reaction. "What's she doing here?" Abraxas demanded sharply, giving her a similar warning look. Eleanor's eyes dragged to Tom, who had an excited glint in his eyes. "We are on the precipice of real impact gentleman," he exclaimed with his perfect oration, ignoring Abraxas' question, "our brotherhood has sworn an oath to restore order and balance to society and tonight, we begin."Her brows knitted together and she watched him in uncertainty. Eleanor felt like at any moment she would wake from the strange dream and she was almost tempted to pinch herself."Are you sure it's wise to attack so soon? We don't have the support nor the skills..." Caspian replied from the far end of the fire, his tone was laced in worry. "The best time to attack is when they least expect it, as soon as our intentions begin to become known, they will double the security and we will lose the chance. This is our opportunity for our cause to make a splash and to make it hurt...""When?" Ezra asked, still in disbelief."The Aurors For Peace Ball. It's held at the ministry on the 16th of July, we will gain entry with Actaeus Malfoys' assitance and execute our plans there." Tom explained, "Abraxas and I spoke to him over the break and he has agreed to facilitate our entry into the ministry - and now we have the perfect opportunity. The ball will mean that we have complete anonymity, the large guest count will be a perfect setting to subdue any question of how we gained entry..."Eleanor could only stare at Tom, hanging on to every word. 
  Why didn't he tell her any of this this sooner?
Tom turned to her, acknowledging her presence for the first time since they arrived. "That is where Grindelwald will come in, she will aid us in creating a distraction and then we will separate to perform our separate duties. She's a good fighter and has experience with dark magic and duelling that none of you have, its an asset I cannot refuse,"Eleanors mouth fell wide open at his words. "Who are our targets?" Theodore asked, with crossed arms and a uncharacteristic seriousness. "The Minister of Magic - Leopold McLaggan, The Minister of the Treasury - Duguld Rotheschild and The Minister of International Magical Co-Operation - Wilamena Tuft. They will all be in attendance and there will not be another time to strike like this. Gellert Grindelwalds attacks have got them scared to meet so publically where they may be in danger, this is our only chance to round them up and take them out.""How are we going to kill three ministers at an event crawling with the best aurors in the country?" Ludo asked, eyes wide with the boldness of the proposition. "Grindelwald and I have been constructing a plan" he answered quickly, ignoring Eleanor's chaotically bewildered eyes glaring at him. 
  What the fuck? 

  What plan?

  She was sure she was dreaming now.
"We will be releasing that information later...but in the meantime, I expect everyone to be training at least three times a week. I'll find an excuse to get the DADA classroom booked for Friday nights. We need to practice our defense and be ruthless, there will be no room for mistakes... I'll communicate to you in person. Do not send any owls regarding the attack, we have no idea what kind of security they have in place at the moment, its too risky. That's it for tonight, you're dismissed."The boys began to fade into the blackened distance of the treeline without another word, but she stayed glued to the ground in shock. Eleanor's leggs began to feel weak underneath her weight as she digested what had just occurred. The Knights of Walpurgis are going to assassinate the most influential political figures in the Ministry... and unknowingly, she's just joined their fight. Her mind raced with a million questions, somehow befuddled at the events that just transpired. "What the fuck Tom?" she snapped at him when the rest of the figures disappeared and they were left alone in the blazing light of the fire. "What? I told you I could get you in and you accepted..." he drawled, with a hitched brow, "Did you not?" "I didn't realise you were putting my friends' lives at stake! When you asked me if I wanted help to get in - you failed to mention you were about to carry out a mass execution by my side. This has just gotten completely out of hand... We don't even have a fucking plan for this!" she shrieked at him, resisting the urge to slap him in the face. "Of course we have a plan, it's all in that stupid notebook you've messily scrawled in...we'll just have to make a few amendments and then-" Tom began to reply simply, with the condescending matter-of-fact voice that she hated. "You read my notebook?! That's private. Who the fuck do you think you are? You know I thought you had at least a shred of decency in you, but I was very wrong,"Toms dark eyes observed her manic, fury-ridden disposition with unbothered tiredness, somehow highlighting the bags underneath his eyes. He sighed at her angered display and turned around to begin walking out of the forest.  "Come on Eleanor, you can yell at me on the way back, it's late and I'm tired..." he called to her as he strode away. When she didn't move he turned on his heel to look at her, "Don't make me ask again Eleanor, you know I hate repeating myself".Huffing in agitation, she followed him, raising her wand to almost hex him - but she didn't, on account of the fact she had no idea how to get back to the castle from where they were. Instead, she elected to shout a string of profanities at him until her throat hurt. Finally, when he had heard enough, he whipped around to her with a glare laced in annoyance and pushed her up against a large stone wall. "Are you quite done? I think my eardrums are about to blow" he growled at her. "No, I'm not, you're-" she continued, but he cut her off instantly, gripping her shoulder with a hash force and closing in on her."I've given you exactly what you wanted...an opportunity to conduct your ridiculous vengeance plan with backup and the chance of actually being able to walk out of there alive.  You should be thanking me..." he spat, ignoring the lavender seeping into his senses. "Thanking you? Thanking you? I've just joined a terrorist plot to kill the Minister of Magic!... Yes thank you my lord, for handing me a one way ticket to Azkaban!... What if we get caught? Now one wrong move from anyone could doom us all. What if-""You heard the talisman, you will get what you want. Our identities will be completely masked. If we sense even the slightest bit of trouble, I promise you - I will drag you out of it. I need you to trust me. Whether you join us or not we'll be going, so you may as well come with us" his voice softened slightly as he finished. She watched as his eyes brushed over her face slowly, causing a stir deep within her and she felt herself lean forward...
  No.
With all her strength, she pushed him away slightly creating much-needed distance between them, before she did something stupid. "Fine, but I'm not helping you kill any of them. We get in together and then I'm going off on my own" she demanded. "Fine" he replied raspily, turning away and strutting up the stairs to the castle, seemingly needing the space from her as well.  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "I knew what love was supposed to be: 

  obsession with undertones of nausea"

  -Margaret Atwood
 
  ***

  
  
  White lace skimmed across the cold marble stairs as she descended into the foyer. The weight of the bouquet of blood-red roses strained her arm and it shook slightly under the pressure. Her breathing was controlled
  , 
  but every so often an asynchronous gasp would leave her lips, as she was reminded of what she was about to do.

  A tall, suited man with dark hair stood on the black and white tiles and awaited her with soft eyes and a proud smile that took over his entire usually harsh face.

  "Father?" she asked, overcome with joy at the sight of the man. His dark, defined features let out a breathy laugh as he looked her over and took her hand.

  "Elle Belle, look at you! The picture of perfection..." he whirled her around as the fabric of her gown swirled and she beamed up at him.

  She took his arm and he lead her out to the gardens of Malfoy Manor, where rows of people gathered into two neat columns separated by an aisle covered in red rose petals. A man stood with his back to her at the end, but she was sure she could make out the mess of his raven hair from the distance. He stood in front of what seemed like an odd stretch of shiny mahogany wood, and confusion took over her features.

  As they approached, the sound of Tchaikovsky's Swan lake filled the air and the guests turned to face her. Eleanor's stomach dropped when she saw the crowd, her pulse began to rapidly rise.

  Something was very wrong.

  She took in the sight of the guests, dressed in the darkest shades of black, some of their eyes wet with streams of tears and handkerchiefs at the ready. Her gaze honed in on that of her Aunts. She was wearing a large black hat that skirted over her neatly arranged strawberry blonde hair and her pink lips trembled with emotion. A tear fell from her green eyes and her Uncle reached over to put a hand on her shoulder in comfort.

  These were not happy tears, they were sad ones.

  "Father, what is this?" she asked, looking up at the man who was beaming with delight upon the dreary faces of the guests.

  "This is what you wanted my dear" he responded, tapping her hand with a smile.

  Her feet struggled to keep her stable as she approached the altar and took in the scene from up close. She felt her father let her go, but when she looked around for him, he had disappeared. The figure finally turned to her with a familiar piercing gaze laced in concern and harsh judgement. Tom was dressed in fine wedding robes and a single red rose was pinned to the lapel of his tuxedo.

  "Tom, what's going on?" she whispered to him with wide terror-filled eyes. Her hands began to shake underneath the bouquet.

  He stepped forward and took her hands in his with a small smirk and a cruel glint in his eye, "This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald".

  Suddenly she looked at the strange slab of shiny mahogany in front of them and she realised what it was.

  It was a coffin, sized perfectly for her - and this was her funeral.

  A rough hand gripped her shoulder from behind and sickening heavy breathing sounded right next to her neck.

  "Hello dear," a slimy softened voice crawled into her ear. Eleanor didn't have to turn to look at the man, she knew who he was immediately.

  "What are you doing here" she whimpered, a well of hot tears forming in her eyes. Tom just watched with the same irksome smirk, as if he was being proven right with every second.

  "I've come to collect your debt..." Belgaire Argyle said as his grip tightened and his wand protruded into the soft crevice of her neck, pushing into her carotid artery with force.

  "No-"

  "But first...kill the boy" he demanded with a loud roar into her ear.

  It was as if she was a marionette on a string, her arms dropped the bouquet to the floor and the blood-red petals scattered everywhere at their feet. Suddenly, she had a wand raised to the small space between Tom's eyes.

  "Please...Don't!...make it stop!" she screamed. Her body felt like it was paralysed and her limbs moved as if they were not her own. Only her head could move, and she was whiling underneath the intense pressure of the imperious curse, begging her nervous system to overcome it.

  "Do it, Eleanor" Tom dared her, his eyes fixed on hers like it was all a sick joke and she was too scared to play.

  "No, I won't!" she shrieked, streams of hot tears running down her face flooded with fresh blackened mascara.

  "This is what you wanted isn't it?..." he said, his smirk deepening as her distress grew.

  "If you don't do it, I will...and if you remember what happened to your pretty sister you'll know I'm not quick.." Belgaire's slithering voice purred into her ear once more and if she could feel her body, she was sure it sent shivers down her spine.

  "No! Please" she turned to the crowd in a desperate plea, "help us! Please! Uncle! Father!" she was screaming at their blank, melancholy faces. But it was no use, it was like they couldn't see or hear them.

  The stir of power started in her arm, like a beam of ice-cold energy shooting through the limb with lightning speed. She saw the tip of her wand illuminate with the sickening green and it propelled towards Tom, who didn't seem to react at all.

  When it hit him, her eyes were overwhelmed by a ray of white light for a few moments and she screamed to the top of her lungs until her throat grew coarse and ragged. When the scene came back to her vision, Tom's rigid body lay lifeless at the foot of the altar and his wide blue eyes stared up at her. Another bloodcurdling cry left her lips and she lifted her hand to her mouth in shock, but as she did - she noticed it was covered in dripping viscous crimson. She felt a strange sensation in the grip of her other hand, a movement of sorts. Her wild gaze flickered to it and she felt lightheaded as she lifted it up to reveal a dripping heart, still beating in her fingers.

  Her eyes dragged to the coffin, where she horrifyingly found her cold, dead body cladded in the white lace wedding gown. Her skin was pale, almost blue and everything about her complexion was painted ghostly white - except for the dark red cavernous hole in her chest, which ripped through the fabric and painted the frayed edge it in its violent shade.

  Snakes began to slither over her bare feet and climb into the coffin and on top of Toms lifeless body. Their scaly mouths opened and began to bite her legs, slowly consuming her flesh right in front of her.

  All she could do is watch in complete terror as her decaying body was being devoured. Eleanor once again turned to the crowd, who looked upon her with the same unaffected mourning gaze.

  "Help! Please-" she screamed at them. Their eyes snapped up to hers in unison and they all opened their mouths at the same time in response.

  "This is all your fault Eleanor Grindelwald" they spoke in a monotone chorus.

  And at that moment she was sure she had landed in the depths of hell.

  ***
As the hot steamy water hit her skin she let out an audible sigh in wanting delight, letting the heat absorb and run over her soft yet scarred body. The past few nights were full of these dreams seemingly designed cruelly in hell by Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Eleanor had never felt more exhausted and somehow, this new pattern of falling asleep to a daydream of her recent memories and it turning into a vicious nightmare was worse than anything else she had ever been through.It was like her mind was trapped in a vicious circle of spine-tingling desire, bloody torturous violence and the promise of death. Her head pounded with the force of a beating drum and her eyes itched with unparalleled tired, heaviness. For a moment they threatened to close edging her towards slumber but with a gasp she forced them open, unable to deal with another nightmarish dream.Eleanor knew she couldn't go on like this, for surely if she wasn't killed by Belgaire Argyle and the other Aurors, her mind would do it for them.Her arms raised to scrub her body with roughened force, lathering the lavender soap into her skin and then working to scour it across her body. Leaving a trail of fresh reddened skin she sighed at the feeling, she needed to shed any evidence of herself and her thoughts.It was Saturday morning and she had successfully made it through the first week of schooling resumption, avoiding Tom at every opportunity - even skipping Arithmancy to evade his scrutinising glare. She felt him watching her, calculating her every move from across the classroom, corridor or dinner table. Her eyes couldn't bear the weight of his, for if she looked into them, she was worried she would break into a thousand pieces. Eleanor detested that he seemed to be able to read her like a book, his eyes drank in every emotion that passed through her mind and sometimes she even felt he could hear the pitter-patter of her heart.Her avoidance was becoming glaringly obvious, especially since she failed to attend the training session Tom had organised for them last night.He sent her an owl at 8:05 pm:
  Where are you Grindelwald? You're late.
And another at 8:25 pm:
  If you don't fucking arrive soon I will come up there and drag you down here myself. You're being ridiculous.
His threat was entirely truthful. She knew very well that he would, in fact, barge in, pick her up and drag her down to the DADA classroom if she didn't give him a good excuse.
  Sorry, I can't, I just got my period. Vomiting, back pain and cramps - not the ideal duelling situation.
Eleanor cringed a little sending it, but she figured it was the only thing that might disgust him enough to keep him away. And it did, she never received a response. But she knew sooner or later he would come after her. However, she was committed to prolonging her evasion for as long as possible.The halls of the castle were quiet and the hum of winters end met the air, as spring took its first breath. There was a lightness to the air as the snow dissipated, revealing fresh grass, blooming flowers and the cheerful chirping of finches.As she walked into the great hall she was met with the deafening hush of the buzzing chatter that filled the room. Hundreds of eyes landed on her as she made her way to the far end of the hall, her brows knitted together at the unwanted attention. All in that moment she was reminded of how she felt the first time she arrived at Hogwarts. A cocktail of perception was being thrown at her, some glances were curious, others excited and many more were filled with judgemental scowls.Her strained eyes dragged to the ground as the chatter resumed, but only to the decibel of a hushed whisper and she wondered what rumour could possibly be circulating about her now. Suddenly, a figure appeared in front of her blocking her way and she looked up to the unkind eyes of Felix Dupont. He was in his usual clean pressed clothes which although were Muggle, she could tell were expensive, his arms were crossed and he looked at her with a murderous glare."Can I help you Dupont?" she asked harshly, attempting to sidestep away from him - but he blocked her again."I just wanted to give you my personal congratulations" he seethed, without an ounce of warmth."What the fuck are you on about Felix?" she sighed, rubbing her eye a little, "It's far too early for me to be having this-""Such a good liar aren't you?" he gave her an empty laugh and shoved a newspaper into her hands, "Just like your dearest Grandaddy...".She looked down at the front page and noticed her surname pasted all over it in bold, torturous letters, before looking back up at him."I don't know how many times I have to tell you this Felix, but I'll tell you again...I'm not a spy and if you must know, I couldn't care less for my grandfather or his politics.""I wish that were true, but you see Eleanor, I have every reason to believe the opposite of that...I mean look what you did to the Minister of Magics own son..." his voice was low and haunting.Her wide-eyed flickered up to him and her mouth fixed into a scowl."You have no fucking idea what you're talking about" she spat, turning on her heel and leaving the hall without another word.Eleanor stalked to the north wing of the castle, trying to control her breathing which was rapidly betraying her panicked thoughts. Her pace was violent and quick as she lept up the stairs, in desperate need of air and solitude. A fresh breeze whipped at her face as she entered the Astronomy Tower and she leaned against the cool metal railing on the balcony, closing her eyes to steady her emotions. Counting backwards from ten, she took in heavy, deep breaths and then opened her eyes to the beautiful vista.She unravelled the scrunched newspaper that she had been clutching in her hand and began to read.
  "GRINDELWALD ARMY TAKES FRANCE"

  The Grindelwald terrorist group has usurped the Ministère des Affaires Magiques de la France after a violent attack. At 8:03 pm last night, a bomb was detonated in the Ministry's Bureau de la Justice Magique leaving many dead and still some members unaccounted for. It is strongly believed that this attack was on the direct order of terrorist group leader Gellert Grindelwald, whom was until yesterday evening, in hiding. Among the dead, is the notable wizard Gèrad Cluzet - a powerful politician who dedicated his life to advocating for muggle integration. The Minister for magic, Leopold McLaggan is yet to respond.
"Fucking hell " she whined, throwing the newspaper to the floor and running a hand through her messy locks which blew wildly in the wind. Her fingers tapped against the railing, as her mind began to race.Eleanor needed quiet. Anything to drown out the noise. A small voice from a buried corner of her mind began to speak to her in lulled, seductive tones.Without hesitation, she steadied her arm and began putting her weight on the bar. She swung a leg over it, wiggling slightly at the threat of losing balance beneath her hands. As her other leg came over and she relaxed slightly into the seated position, her eyes gazed down to see her long stocking covered legs dangled over the edge. Normally, the feeling would send someone into a fit of fear, but not Eleanor. The danger of the position injected a heavenly dose of adrenaline into her bloodstream and she closed her eyes letting the wild wind blow her body from side to side.And finally, her mind was silent.She had no thoughts intruding into the confines of her damaged sanity, only the thrill of dangling by the string of the winds force. A smile spread onto her lips as she relaxed into the feeling. The grip of her hands onto the bar loosened and her body began to lean forward, edging towards the open air."What the fuck do you think you're doing" a harsh, low voice sounded from directly behind her, pulling her out of the mesmerising hypnotism.But Eleanor didn't move an inch and instead focused on the birds flying high above the clouds over the skyline of the Black Lake."Relaxing" she hummed, feeling Toms body heat radiate from a few inches away on the other side of the bar.Although she couldn't actually see him, she knew he was looking at her like she was insane and she even swore his hand gripped his wand a bit tighter in her periphery."Why are you avoiding me?"A breathy laugh escaped her pink lips and she finally looked over to him with an endearing smile, still high from the momentary respite the tower had given her."Why do you care?"His jaw clenched and he let out a frustrated sigh, directing his gaze to the birds she was watching."Give me one good reason why I shouldn't drag you to the hospital wing""Because we both know there's nothing they can do help me" she scoffed, "they're pathetic""You look bloody awful, you need sleep""I look awful? You look awful" she scoffed, raising an eyebrow at him "look at that creased shirt and those bags...how does it feel to not look perfect Tom? Does it hurt?" her tone was teasing and her smile was edging him towards anger.After shooting her one final glare, he stepped directly behind her -his hands found their way to her waist and gripped them tightly. The touch was meant to be threatening but for some reason, it had the opposite effect and stirred something deep inside her causing a fluttering sensation in her stomach. All of the sudden, the pure silence that her mind once enjoyed was interrupted by another memory, drawing her away.
  The silver of his rings gleamed in the moonlight as he pulled her on top of him, clutching at her waist and bringing her down.

  Their eyes met just as she felt her core brush against his erection and a lustful glint took over his piercing eyes
   as she gasped at the sensation
  . Slowly, his thumb brushed over her bottom lip and in that moment she wanted nothing more than to be completely ravaged by him
  . Eleanor wanted to offer body, mind and soul to the man, leaving nothing but her bare-bones left in the wake.

  "I want you to look at me when you come" he demanded, inching 
  himself 
  into her agonisingly slowly and filling her
   wetness
  .

  She nodded and let out a breathy moan as she sunk down 
  into him 
  and dragged her fingernails across the skin of his back. 
  His hands guided her 
  hips 
  to begin 
  rocking into him, feeding off the ecstasy of his kiss
   - 
  drinking him in like holy water.

  Could this be a baptism? Does the devil bless the sinner like god blesses the saint? Maybe he does, but a saint could never experience the way Tom made her feel. A mess of knotted frustration, pleasure, divinity and euphoria, waiting to be unravelled by his heavenly body. 
"Get down...Now" his voice pulled her out of the memory and her eyes ripped open, instinctively looking down and adjusting to the long, dangerous fall below her.She shook her head slightly to remove the image burnt into her brain but couldn't escape the whirl it left deep within her. His grip hardened and it began to hurt, surely leaving bruises the next day. But she didn't mind, the marks she bore from his touch were like ghosts of his affection. In a sick twisted way, she liked them - because it was proof he was capable of it."You could push me you know...no one would ever question it - they'd rule it as a suicide...""Don't tempt me" he spat with a hard tone, grabbing her wrist as it loosened its grip on the pole.Eleanor couldn't help but laugh, she was glad to hear her death wasn't only alluring to her, but to him as well. To be completely honest, she wouldn't mind it if he were the one to end her. After all, he was the man of many firsts for her. Tom was the first person to save her life, the man that took her virginity... he may as well kill her too. There was an odd poetry to it that reminded her of an old saying her grandmother used to tell her, 'magic works in mysteries, but all evils come in threes'.Was he evil? No. At least she didn't think so. But he was a mystery and there was a dark magic to that. Perhaps he was evil in the way a storm is. Wild, relentless and destructive - a force of nature, unkind to anything that stands in its path. Except to the wind, which takes pleasure in being swept away to dance.
  Eleanor loved to dance.
She sighed, pulling out of his grip and turning around to slide off the railing with a graceful whip of her legs. Tom stood in front of her, clearly infuriated, daring her to say one more ridiculous thing to push him over the edge. It was a look that said she was in trouble - and she knew it."Why didn't you come to the meeting last night?""I told you I have my period-""Don't fucking lie to me Eleanor" his voice was gravelly and his glare was full of intensity that threatened to throw her heart into a spasm of irregular beats.She rolled her eyes at him, refusing to answer and turned away to find her shoes, which were abandoned a few feet away. But before she could, his hand gripped at her wrist and whirled her around corning her body between his own and the railing. Her eyes widened slightly at the abruptness of it and for a small moment, she was sure he was going to throw her off.But he didn't and instead clenched his jaw and set his scrutinising glare over her face. This wasn't the first time she could tell he was tempted to use legilimency on her. There was something strange about the intimate nature of their relationship in that the more they knew about each other - the deeper they needed to understand them.Tom always had the ability to search people's minds when he pleased, he had never met any other student that knew occulemency until her. He wanted to dive into her mind and search for the secrets that were hidden in the trap doors of her memory. Despite not knowing why he wanted to search her existence like an astronomer searches for stars. Focusing on every memory and watching it over and over. He wondered what she was like as a child, with those big grey eyes and long dark hair. Was she loud and rambunctious? Or was she shy and quiet? Did she hide in the garden and read her books? Was she scared under her covers when a storm came at night? Or did she revel in the beauty of them? He didn't know.
  And that bothered him immensely.
She sighed, realising she had no choice but to tell him at least half of the truth."It's happening again...the dreams" she whispered in defeat, averting her gaze to the collar bone peeking through his shirt, "I can't sleep...I can't eat...I can't fucking do anything without thinking. It's like my own mind is trying to kill me."His eyes softened slightly but his stance remained hard and unrelenting."Why didn't you come to me? Why have you been avoiding me?" his eyes searched her face, which was desperately trying to focus on anything but him."I don't know..." she lied, running a hand through her hair and finally meeting his gaze.Tom knew she was lying, but for some reason he let her get away with it. Maybe it was because he himself had been avoiding her too. The only reason he noticed that she was steering clear of him, was when he finally cracked and went looking for her, she was nowhere to be seen. And then, he realised he hadn't seen her for four days straight. The war in his mind continued to wage on, each day the battle would grow more gruesome and considerably harder to control.After Italy, he practically ran back to the orphanage that he detested so much and was almost glad to see his old, rickety bed and the torn sheets. He revelled in the quiet, controlled environment he had built around him and finally began to breathe again. But late at night, he found himself in an odd predicament, waking up after a dream and searching for something...or someone that wasn't there. Not to touch them obviously - but just to look. It took him a while to get used to seeing her in his sheets and apparently it was taking him a while to forget it too.He drowned himself in the books he stole from Eleanor's collection but took extra time to read the notes she had etched into the pages and paid special attention to the paragraphs that had been messily underlined. She had a penchant to misuse semicolons, a fault that Tom found incredibly infuriating. Her penmanship was messy and he could tell when she was writing in the late hours of the night, because the letters became scrawny and lopsided. However, her notes were detailed and she was thorough with her extrapolations. It was satisfying in an odd way like she was telling him her thoughts on the book even from afar.Tom spent the majority of his time before going back to Hogwarts high up on the roof of the orphanage, smoking every cigarette with a fervour that it may be his last. But no amount of tobacco or books could satisfy his mind and it still wandered to unwanted memories that he had attempted to file away deep into his brain. The shower was the worst because he couldn't smoke or read in there, and as the hot water fell onto him he was reminded of her touch.Needless to say, transmorgrifian torture had nothing on his memories of Eleanor Margaret Grindelwald."You should get some rest, go to the room of requirement - there's sleeping draught there on the bedside table..." his tone articulated that it was an order, not a suggestion.Eleanors eyebrows knitted together as she contemplated the kindness underpinning the harsh offer. She took in the smell of tobacco and cologne that enraptured her and began to feel slightly lightheaded. Her gaze dragged up to his, and she could tell he was trying not to breathe because they were so close that she thought if she moved one more inch, they would brush against each other's noses.The sound of a large thud sounded from behind, pulling them both of their daze. As they whipped around to inspect the intruder, wands raised, they came to see Professor Dumbledore, fiddling with one of the telescopes and dropping his books to the floor."Professor, I-" Tom began, stepping away from Eleanor with wide eyes like he'd been caught in an egregious crime."Oh don't mind me, Tom, just setting up for tonight's eclipse viewing..." he cheerily drawled, but there was a glint of humour in his wise eyes that painted a dark pink blush on Eleanors cheeks.She cleared her throat, "We were just discussing the Transfiguration essay sir" she blurted out, regretting the hopelessly pathetic words as soon as she said them. Tom looked at her with a judgemental brow, silently telling her to shut up and cursing her for being such a terrible liar."Oh, well I admire your studious spirit Miss Grindelwald...although I must say it is a rather odd place to be discussing Huperts disguise charms, especially when your assignment partner is Mr Rosier, but who am I to critique a creative mind!" he chuckled, looking questionably down at her bare feet, covered only by her stockings. It sent her into a fit of embarrassment."Yes professor...ahhh" she looked up at Tom who looked like he could hex her, "I hope the eclipse is worth the late night, I must be off...to find Ezra...goodbye" Eleanor muttered, her pace frantic as she skipped away from the awkward situation she had created. She picked up her shoes and dashed down the stairs, not sparing a second glance at the furious man she had left behind.When she was gone, Tom turned to Dumbledore to excuse himself as well, but before he could, the bearded man spoke."I'm glad to see you've met someone you seem to match with so well Mr Riddle" there was a cheeky glint in his eye and a small smile on his lips.He didn't answer, as he had no idea how to even compute the words the old fool had said.Instead, he delivered him a curt nod and a farewell, leaving the room with haste.Dumbledore chuckled to himself again. It was hard for him to not see traces of Gellert in Eleanor. She had his sharp intellect and devotion to learning. A frown came over the man's face, as he picked up the discarded newspaper on the floor, looking at the picture of his old lover on the front of it. His eyebrows stitched together in concern, and he hummed to himself in deep thought. Dumbledore hoped that despite their many likenesses, she was not too similar to the man he used to know.***Eleanor woke to the sound of the crackling fire and small the sound of thick parchment turning over. She stretched slightly, turning to take in the warm glow of the room and the familiar sight of the boy reading by the fireplace. His piercing eyes fixed on the pages in front of him and his head tilted slightly, leaning into his hand. She came to know this small intricacy signified that he was tired yet obsessed with whatever he was reading."Did you know that you talk in your sleep?" he finally said, still not taking his eyes off the book."What?", for some reason she felt embarrassed at the thought, "you're joking...""I wish I was" he drawled."I thought...I thought the potion took away your dreams?""It takes away nightmares, not dreams"A sinking feeling fell into her stomach and a blush crept to her cheeks as she wondered what she could possibly have been dreaming about. Eleanor tried to remember anything from her sleep that might be a clue, but alas there was nothing."Oh...well what did I say?""Nothing of importance really, just babbling nonsense..." Tom dismissed, tearing his eyes up to look at her. The sudden eye contact made her feel uncomfortable and she shifted slightly under it. Maybe it was the intimacy of seeing her in one of his white button-up shirts, hair out and wrapped in his sheets. Although that ship had well and truly sailed, there was still something odd about it, like it was breaking an untold rule.She hopped up and took a seat opposite him on the couch, curling her feet underneath her. Her eyes narrowed as she picked up a book from the coffee table and noticed it appeared familiar."I see you've helped yourself to my books" she observed, noting the presence of all four novels she had been missing for two weeks. Part of her was relieved though because she thought she had forgotten to pack them in Italy, but here they were, safe in the hands of a thief. "And I see you've helped yourself to my closet" he replied quickly, shooting his eyes down to the hem of the crisp white shirt which skimmed over the scar on her thigh.Eleanor couldn't help but smile at the direction of his stare, "Does that bother you Tom?" her voice was unmistakably silky - like she was teasing him. His jaw clenched and he raised an eyebrow at her change in mood. "Not as much as your awful handwriting...honestly weren't you ever taught script?" his voice was sharp but lacked its usual bite and his eyes averted back down to his book.Surprisingly, she let out a laugh at his rudeness, managing to find that small ounce of endearment in his casual arrogance. Tom couldn't help but note that she was much more pleasant after proper rest and he filed the information away for later.
  Not that he cared. 
"No, but I did have a governess that was sort of like a teacher...Except when we were younger she let us read and play for most of the days...I imagine that was much more fun than learning how to write like an aristocrat" she leaned into the arm of the sofa and placed a hand through her hair looking up to the ceiling in memory.He didn't respond, instead, trying to reread the sentence he had been focusing on for a minute and a half. But her mere presence was so distracting he momentarily forgot how to read. Tom hated her for that. So much so, that he gave into his thoughts and turned his gaze to her once more, discarding the book beside him. "What were you like as a child?" he asked, making his way over to the small bar cart in the corner of the room and retrieving a bottle of whiskey and two glasses."I was shy and quiet" she responded softly trying not to validate the flurried beating of her heart, "My mother used to call me little mouse because I would disappear all day and only come out when it was time for dinner".The edges of Tom's mouth threatened to twitch up, but he controlled it. He set a glass in front of her and filled it halfway, while when he poured his, it was to the brim."Where would you go?" he replied, in a raspy voice taking care not to look at her for too long. Eleanor watched him take a sip of the drink like his life depended on it, wondering what had gotten him so flustered. "There was a lake near the Villa, I would go there to draw sometimes. Or there was a little bench under an oak tree where I would go to read" she smiled at the memory and could almost smell the scent of the trees in the midst of summer. Slowly, she eyed his observant stare as she took a sip of her whiskey, almost downing the whole glass.A part of her was thankful it wasn't red wine, because it seemed to bring out a side in her that was not needed right now. She wondered why he was asking her these questions and sought some practical explanation. Maybe he was trying to psychoanalyse her? She knew from her books that they always begin with asking about your childhood...Or, maybe he was trying to distract her from her mental state, after all, she did almost jump off the astronomy tower today. Either way, for some reason she liked his questions. "What were you like as a child?" she asked, feeling the buzz of the alcohol whirl in her and acting on the confidence it gave her.He paused for a moment and regarded her, unsure whether to answer or steer the topic away to something else. Before he could say anything, she cut in."Wait no- let me guess, you were the bossy one that was a complete know it all " she giggled, pouring herself another glass, "probably correcting everyone's spelling at the age of four..."He drained his glass, ill-prepared for the vulnerability that her question demanded. But still, his level of inebriation was unsatisfactory."I don't know, I don't remember" he replied, pouring himself another.Eleanor rolled her eyes at him but knew better to press further for an answer. She had so many questions about his life that took up space in her mind. He knew so much about her yet she knew very little about him."Well then I get to ask another question since that wasn't an answer at all""Fine," Tom sighed, reaching for his glass again preparing for whatever the girl was about to throw at him.Her gaze travelled down to play with the hem of the shirt she was wearing as she gathered the courage to ask."What are the deathly hallows?" 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  "Most of the time when we're looking for death,

  we're looking for love"

  -David Levithan
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
Seconds felt like minutes as they sat in silence.He was deathly still as her words floated around the thick air in between them. His eyes didn't leave hers as they narrowed, becoming sharper and losing all warmth. For a moment, she took in a deeper breath and felt the intensity of his glare inject a dose of fear into her heart. Eleanor wanted to tear her gaze away, but she couldn't find the strength to do it, as if his eyes had deathly hooks and she was anchored into the depths of them.Suddenly he let a mask of ease show on his face and a small smirk painted his mouth, but it didn't reach his eyes."And who told you about that?"She swallowed down hard, unsure as to why she had caused so much offence at the mention of such few words."When men get drunk they have loose lips, it's one of their many faults" she lied in a painfully casual tone, attempting to dissipate the tension. Another shot of whiskey ran down her throat, desperately seeking the release of inebriation.Tom simply hummed in agreement and turned his attention to the fireplace, illuminating his hardened jaw and the stressed muscles in his neck. She could tell he was thinking seriously about his answer, filing through his thesaurus and picking the right words, selecting and deselecting the right information."If you had the power to go back and make sure your sister was never killed, would you?""Of course,"He seemed to be pleased with her answer, a glint of affection returning to his eyes."You would do anything...to cheat her death?""Yes, anything" Eleanor replied slowly but with conviction, tilting her head at the nature of his questions, "but not even the most powerful of wizards can reverse death Tom, there's not magic strong enough to interfere with such a natural process,"He raised a brow at her words and found a trace of amusement in them which she didn't know how to comprehend. Taking a drink, he tapped his fingers on his knee - an odd mannerism she had noticed in him when he was stressed. But he didn't look stressed now, he looked calm and collected - like they were discussing the weather."Yes...That's what they tell us, but when you think about it, it seems rather non-sensical doesn't it? Dark magic can do anything if one has the knowledge and the tools to perform it...hence why it's banned in most places" his tone was low and thoughtful like he was giving her clues to a riddle she had no idea she was answering."I suppose..."He stood up and walked to the mantle which was stacked high with books that didn't fit in his bookcase. Removing a small one from the pile, he handed it to her and she took it with a confused glance at the cover."Why are you giving me a children's book?" she asked, with a small laugh. Surely this was some sort of elaborate joke."Have you read it?""Of course, it was my sisters favourite actually...she always liked the scary stories...but, what does this have to do with anything?"Tom sighed, slightly disappointed at her slowness and settled back into his armchair resuming his usual position. One leg raised with the ankle resting on his other knee and his chin cradled by his strong, framing fingers."There is a story in there that talks about a man who masters death""And what? You want to trust the words of a children's book as grounds for a guide for the darkest magic possible?" she questioned, her tone dripping in disbelief."These stories are as old as time, who's to say that they're not based on forgotten fact?" he drawled, finishing his glass.She nodded slowly, flicking through the pages to the story of the three brothers. Sure it was possible but unlikely. She ran her fingers over the drawing of the stone, wand and cloak. Instantly, she was reminded of a distant memory a slither of a conversation between her father and grandfather. She often listened at the door of his study when her father took meetings. Eleanor possessed the unique talent of sneaking about and eavesdropping when no one was listening.
  "You're sure it is?"

  "The Elder Wand was promised to me by the talisman, it said I would possess it - of course it is"

  "Well, there's only one way to tell..."
A sensible part of her mind urged her against telling Tom about the memory. After all, she had no idea if it was even real,  let alone the wand the story referred to."The master of death...like Hades of the underworld", she smiled, recalling the Greek myth with fondness. It was probably a foolish thing to say, but after three glasses of whiskey, it seemed an appropriate association.Surprisingly, he let out a small chuckle - her reaction was not what he expected from her at all."Yes, but without the other two awful brothers to mess things up"Eleanor couldn't help but smile at his words, despite all their differences, they seemed to share a love for history amongst other more sinister things. It was something so small yet so intimate, knowing someone liked something mundane as much as yourself did."My mother used to tell me about Hades and Persephone every winter. I always liked their story...the saddest ones are always the best,"He nodded at her words thoughtfully, his eyes were glazed over with the whiskey they were drowning in, and they began to drag up her exposed legs. Tom took in every detail of their smooth, long form and couldn't rip his eyes from the scar that ran through her thigh. As he did, a tension deep with her began to knot together and she found herself blushing. His eyes trailed up to her neck dancing at her collar bones that peeked through the collar of the shirt and then, finally to her eyes.All of the sudden, the room became insufferably warm and she bit her lip in response, her mind dragging back a memory she wished she could forget.
  "Who do you belong to Eleanor?"

  Oh no.

  "You Tom!"

  She couldn't.

  "That's right, like that. Good girl"

  No.

  She wouldn't.
"I should go...it's late and I've kept you up" Eleanor exclaimed in a high pitched voice, jumping up out of the comfort of the sofa. She scattered to the pile of her clothes next to the bed and zipped her skirt over his white shirt. Her frazzled mind thought against changing, somehow deeming it was too much for the moment.He didn't respond and simply nodded with a clenched jaw, picking up his book reassuming the position she found him in. He didn't offer to walk her back - he knew she would refuse and he didn't know if he could control himself in her presence for much longer."Take the rest of the potions on the bedside table..." he instructed her, "and try not to kill yourself on the way back to the dorm, Eleanor" his usual arrogant tone sounded out to her.She let out a large scoff as she slipped her heeled shoes on, feeling the warmth in her grow at the words and a sway in her step from the alcohol in her system."Yes, professor" she mocked him back, but it came out in a tone that suggested otherwise.His eyes stilled onto the words of the page he was reading and his breath halted to a stop. Slowly, he dragged his gaze up to her as she approached the door.She whipped around to farewell him, not expecting to see his eyes on her when she did. Eleanor opened her mouth to talk, but for a moment nothing came out. The look in his eyes was one she had only seen a handful of times and it was often when they were in a more...compromising position."G...Goodnight" she said breathily, whipping the door open and striding away down the corridor before he could say anything to make her stay.Because in that moment, she would have - and there was nothing more he wanted.
  ***
Eleanor couldn't help but roll her eyes as she made her way to the east wing of the castle. Somehow, Tom had managed to convince both Headmaster Dippet and Professor Aprus that he had taken it upon himself to start a 'self-defence' duelling club for Slytherins that were interested in a career as an Auror. Of course, his invitation was only extended to the five of them.  How on Earth they bought the obvious lie was beyond her, but of course, she never failed to appreciate his ability to charm even the harshest of critics. After all, she was the first one to admit the venus fly trap of a man was hard to resist.Tom and Eleanor spent the week buried in books, compounding a list of spells, enchantments and curses that would get them locked in Azkaban if someone were to find them with it. The late nights in the library went by relatively easily as they found themselves in a routine of sitting at a large desk that they had claimed as their own, tucked away at the far wall. Tom had enchanted their books and notes to appear to others as usual textbooks and standard potions notes. It was rather genius actually because every now and then, either the annoyingly watchful caretaker or another student would walk past and take in the sight of them sat opposite each other, studiously jotting down notes or with their eyes glued to the book in front of them.There was a silent agreement that the room of requirement would not be an appropriate place to meet. She was glad that their plans were located in the public, open space of the library. The Room of Requirement was much too intimate, too cozy. Their nights in that small space often ended in either drinking too much together or a screaming match - which they both wanted to avoid. It was strictly business from now on.No more drunken glances or close calls, she promised herself.Eleanor was an altogether different person with the aid of the sleeping potion. Her eyes opened every morning with a lightness that could only be brought by the deepest sleep and her mind was calmer without the threat of nightmares looming into her thoughts. The memories still haunted her occasionally, but at least she could function without feeling the need to fling herself off the Astronomy Tower for a moment of peace.As she entered the classroom, a green bolt of light shot right next to her, cracking into the stone wall and chipping it away slightly. Eleanor let out a yelp and skipped to the side, looking up to find a very apologetic looking Ludo Avery."Oh my god Eleanor, I'm so sorry-" he began with a small laugh playing at his lips."Merlin Ludo, I hope your aim improves by July" she giggled, greeting him and Ezra with a quiet hello."You're late" sounded a harsh, low voice from across the room. She turned to see tom with his sleeves rolled up and his arms crossed with a very irritated look pasted on his sharp features.Eleanor rolled her eyes, "Only three minutes,""That's okay Eleanor, three minutes isn't that long....that's how long Ezra lasts in the sheets isn't it old chap?"  Theodore called out with a menacing grin, before blocking a curse that Ezra sent straight to his head.She laughed at them, it was foolish behaviour but she couldn't help but find it somewhat endearing.Tom on the other hand, was very obviously irritated with the lack of seriousness that was being shared by the others and seemed to snap into action at the comment."Right, Grindelwald's here so we can start" he commanded in a loud, authoritative tone, "You've been given the list of curses to practice, don't stop until you've mastered each one. We'll work in teams, Rosier and Lestrange, Mulciber and Avery and Grindelwald and I..."Theodore leaned into her ear so only she could hear, "Obviously..." he whispered with a teasing grin."Shut up, it's only because I'd maim anyone else..." she replied with a roll of her eyes in a hushed tone."And what will you do to him I wonder? Suck-" he began, but he was cut off by Tom's glare."Am I interrupting a private conversation?" he spat at them, directing his piercing gaze at their closeness and her terribly hid amusement at whatever he was saying."No""Good. Use the practice dummy's for the dark curses on the list, we don't want any injuries. When you feel confident with them, you can duel each other and practice your defences and strategy" Tom finished in a sharp tone, not disguising his annoyance at them."Try not to fuck on the floor eh? I'm all for kinks but public sex is not one of them" Theodore whispered into her ear as she went to stand near.Regret that he had found out about her time in Italy began to sweep over her and paint a dark pink to her cheeks."Your fucking disgusting Lestrange" she bit back, but her embarrassed smile took away the venom in her voice."I may be disgusting dear Eleanor, but you are filthy" he countered sending her into a flurry of scoffs as she whacked him hard against his shoulder.Tom had conjured a tall human-like dummy in the far corner of the large room and began lacing it with protective spells so it didn't break apart into a million pieces upon being hit with the first spell."I see you and Lestrange are getting on well tonight" he commented, not turning to look at her as he waved his muscular arm at the figure, lacing it in another layer of protection.Eleanor couldn't help but raise a brow and let out a small laugh at his words in disbelief, "Are you jealous Tom?""Please, don't be absurd" he spat in a defensively sharp tone.Maybe she should have told him that Theodore knew about their little fling, but something cunning in her just answered with a "Hm...". She knew better than to push him any further but a triumphant grin was plastered onto her mouth as she readied herself for the first spell.As she should have expected, Tom took the opportunity of their practice session to correct every single mistake Eleanor made. From her stance to her articulation and even down to her flicking movement - he was harsh and critical.
  "Are you asking it for permission to kill it?"

  "That was pathetic, where's your strength?"

  "Honestly, I thought you were raised by a dark wizard..."

  "Keep doing that and we may last one minute without being captured."
Tom, of course, was doing it on purpose. He knew that she had so much untapped power within her, but he needed to crack her open with his sharp tongue to see it. Not to mention, it was fun to watch her radiate with fury after his every comment. He liked being able to elicit a reaction from her, whether it was pain or pleasure - or in this case annoyance - he took great enjoyment in it. The words that came out of his mouth had a way of getting under her skin and swimming to the deep crevices of her mind, where they lay, constantly scratching at her skull in memory. No other person seemed to have that effect on her.
  He liked that.
The constant berating was wearing her down and making her more irritable and wild. She hated being corrected, especially by someone as arrogantly mean as Tom. After another quippy comment on her 'awful posture', a flip switched in her all at once filling her with rage and forcing her to veer from the list and conjure other spells that he didn't know of."Okay fucking fine, you want strength?" she muttered to herself, taking a step back and lunging herself forward. 
  Anger took over her.
"Sectumsempra!" she fired, hitting the dummy square in the forehead with a beam of red.  It began to tear into large gashes of wood. But before Tom could raise his wand to reset it, she fired at it again."Ingnus Intis!" Eleanor shouted again, this time sending the dummy into a ball of internalised flame. It was a curse she had learnt from her father in her defence training. Highly dangerous if not mastered correctly, the curse would set the opponents bones on fire, effectively burning them alive from inside out.She hit it again before Tom could do anything, although he was very happy to stand back and enjoy the show."Duratus eternum!", the flames instantly turned into steam and the fragile, decaying figure set into a thick brick of ice.Finally the crescendo, she stood back and summoned all the energy within her, before lurching forward with force."Combustio atomus!", with a loud fearful bang the figure exploded, pieces of fine wood and ice flying in every direction of the room.She stood, panting at the dismembered dummy, sweat beading on her forehead. Tom came behind her and leaned into her ear, grazing it with his lips."Are you trying to impress me Eleanor?" he drawled, it was low and dangerous, like a warning of some kind. She resisted the urge to press into him, desperate to feel him against her like she did in the memories that wouldn't stop haunting her mind."And why would I do that?" she replied, her voice raspy from her duelling.He picked up a rogue strand of her hair and tucked it behind her ear, still threateningly close behind her."You know why"Her stomach flipped at the rough words and she swore her heart momentarily stopped beating. She suppressed the whirl in deep within her and turned around to him, pointing her wand into his neck."Let's test that theory shall we?" she smirked, with a teasing glint in her stormy eyes."Yes let's," he replied and the corner of his mouth turned up slightly in excitement, but his eyes remained daring and dark.A few seconds later they parted slightly, still facing each other. A duel was much like a dance in that there were set traditions in place, passed down centuries on. The first step was to acknowledge your opponent and bow your head to them, showing respect for the life in front of them."I don't bow" she proclaimed sharply her brow hitched up."Good, neither do I" he countered, turning on his heel and striding towards the far end of the classroom.The second step of duelling is to take the first position. This differs from opponent to opponent, but it is usually one that prepares the body to attack but also defend."Ladies first" he offered with a curt smile and straightened his posture and fiddled with his Gaunt ring, placing it safely in his trouser pocket. She could tell from the look in his gaze that despite his calm, surface-level demeanour, there was something terrifyingly deadly bubbling underneath."Ascendio!", It was impossibly quick and aimed directly at his sternum. But with a slash of his wand, it was easily blocked. He wore a look of supreme confidence as if the spell almost bored him and she felt her grip her wand tighter.
  The dance of death had begun.
"Oppugno!" he fired back, sending a stack of wooden chairs flying at her with full speed.Eleanor stretched her wand out in a circular motion around her, creating a thin energy shield for protection and as the chairs came into contact with it, they disintegrated on the ground.Without hesitation, she sent an old Eastern European hex hurling straight towards him, grinning as he registered the unknown spell and began conjuring a defence. To her surprise, he managed to fly it back at her and she had no choice but to duck to avoid its hit."Really Grindelwald, I'm getting a little bored here-" he began, with a menacingly teasing tone, but before he could finish, she interjected."Condundito!" the stones from the wall above his head began crashing down onto the floor and much to her delight, one almost hell on his head. But he danced around the falling items waving his wand and sent them flying into the air, forming a large ball and hurling it towards her with brute force.She managed to shield it off, but as she did he sent another curse flying directly at her and it sent her flying back into the wall. Her head smashed against the hard stone and she touched it, feeling a warm wetness. Eleanor let out a laugh, plastering a wild smile on her lips. The adrenaline running through her bloodstream seemed to take control and she lurched forward with full force. The power surged in her hands as she shot the dark spell, feeling the electrifying power of the fleet of desks stacked in the front to rise up, dismember and shoot towards him like a firing cannon of splintered wood.But she didn't stop.As he deflected those, she conjured the wind in the room to whirl and twirl into a tornado-like force, which ripped through the floor and created a fog of dust in the air. He whipped around, attempting to see through the opaque air and almost grinned, impressed at the move.The others watched with concerned faces from the other side of the classroom, "You don't think they'll kill each other do you?" Ezra questioned, debating intervening in the chaos."No..." Theodore responded with a smile, "But they'll show off just enough to try."Abraxas just shook his head, wondering what on Earth he was going to do with them if they actually decided to fight one day.A splinter of wood sliced through Tom's arm and left a waterfall of blood streaming onto the floor, he waved his wand to contain the gusts of wind, somehow managing to propel them forward straight into her.Her shield was strong, but not strong enough and it began sweeping her across the room. In all but a second, she broke the shield off and lept out of the way to avoid getting smashed by the force from his wand.Eleanor quickly sent a curse flying towards him, but as she did - he shot one back. The magic met in the middle with a large explosive sound and began to crackle and reverberate with intensity as they held it, unyielding. It was now a game of strength.He was merciless and stepped forward, jolting another surge into the connection and almost tripping her back, but she managed to hold her ground with gritted teeth. There was no doubt he was enjoying himself, a competitive smirk plastered clearly on his face and fine beads of sweat forming on his forehead. Eleanor attempted to stand her ground and confidently repel the power that he was throwing at her, but it was becoming unbearable as she felt the injury in her head pang with an ache.And then she had an idea.Slowly, she focused in on him, eyeing his figure through the clearing dust with a piercing glare. She took a deep breath and began focusing her energy, pulling it all into one controllable form and then, proceeded to extend it out beyond her body. Tom's eyes narrowed as he watched her every move, with a clenched jaw. She seemed to be doing something, as her stance stilled and her shoulders relaxed slightly, but he was at a loss to what it was. Eleanor groaned under the pressure, he was at least six meters away and she had never made the energy connection that far before."It'll be very embarrassing when this curse hits you Grindelwald, you may as well concede" Tom called out to her in a menacing voice.Eleanor could only reply with a taunting glare and a laugh as the words filled her with the fuel to propel the force forward.The feeling of her energy meeting his was enough to send her into hypothermic shock. She had felt it once before in the arithmancy classroom, but this was different. His energy was colder and sharper as he honed in on the spell that was severing and cutting through her magic. It took him a moment to clock the sensation, as all his attention was directly onto keeping the curse spiralling through his wand.His gaze shifted slightly down to his body as he felt the warmth caress it. His brows knitted together as the soft, yet tantalising heat seemed to graze around him, almost causing him to flinch. Finally, he realised what she was doing, but it was too late once he did as he felt the invisible rope wrap around him and begin to constrict. The magic that was blaring between their wands began to manically spark and crack, sending a fit of wild sounds into the air that sounded positively electric."What the fuck do you think you're doing?" he growled, teeth clenched and his wand arm now shaking underneath the mounting pressure.It tightened around him again and she let out a sighed, sinful laugh at his face."I'm winning Tom, can't you tell?"They both became extremely intuned to each other's bodies, she felt every heartbeat of his. As their frequencies met and began to level, he began to feel her manic breaths as if she was right beside him. It was overwhelmingly both intimate and abstruse and as they locked eyes and felt the frequency between them match. With a violent jolt, he sent another wave of power through the curse of his wand and in response she tightened further. What she didn't realise was that with this movement his energy extended to hers and began its own knot around her.An arctic chill fell over her, and it felt like a million razor blades skimming over her goosebumped skin. As it tightened, she winced, feeling him snake around her and delve into her senses like an unforgiving, unrelenting needle. Suddenly, the emerald ring on her finger began to burn and she couldn't help but yelp at the pain as it seared the skin underneath it.The feeling could only be explained as the closest thing to death and divine euphoria at the same time. Like floating in the ether between the stars and a black hole, the force was all-consuming yet beautiful at the same time. The magic between them began to reverberate wildly and they staggered on both ends, attempting to handle the ferocious force. They were both too consumed by the feeling of the energy bridge and their own pride to break the combat.But before they could, the magic that linked them erupted and with one deafening explosive sound, sent them flying across the room in the detonation. The desks, chairs and stacks of parchment were taken too and the smell of smoke and burning wood filled the air. The others ducked for cover, managing to protect themselves from the shards of wood that propelled towards them with a shield.Ringing.That's all Eleanor could hear as she coughed up the dust in her lungs and attempted to open her eyes. She felt a heavy weight on top of her, but couldn't quite see what was causing it. Her head pounded and she was sure that if she could feel anything, blood would be dripping down her neck."Elle !" something yelled in the midst of the blaring ringing noise. But she was too out of it to comprehend the sound or the fact that he had called her something different to his usual 'Grindelwald' or 'Eleanor'. It was softer, more familiar...somehow complimenting the severe worry in his tone and the fear in his eyes. Suddenly, her legs began to twitch as the weight on top of her disappeared. She groaned at the sensation and tried to open her eyes again, but something was clouding them. It took her a moment to realise it was her own blood.She coughed again, something pushing her back to sit up."I'm okay...I'm f..." she let out in a husky voice, as something wiped over her face. Her eyes opened to see Tom's hard features contorted into a stressed grimace, it was controlled but the glint in his eyes betrayed him and she knew she must look like absolute hell."Can you hear me?" he asked her, voice stern and pronounced as his eyes searched her face manically.She nodded, attempting to give him a small smile to ease whatever concern cladded his usually cold eyes. Eleanor found herself draped over the stairs that lead to the DADA office and looked around at the destruction they had created with a worried groan. It truly looked as if a war had been fought in the confines of the walls, every piece of furniture broken and bashes - strewn across the room in piles of debris."I'm taking you to the infirmary," he announced, beginning to pick her up."No" she demanded quickly, holding her hands up in front of her in protest, "I'm fine, I promise,", her feet met the floor and if he wasn't at her side she surely would have fallen back to the ground."Eleanor, don't be ridiculous - you've practically split your head open," Tom bit back, agitation growing in him at her insistent stubbornness."I'm fine...wo...woah" she stumbled slightly, clutching at her head and feeling the wet viscous heat as her vision whirled."Yes, once again you prove yourself to be an incredibly poor liar and an even worse actress" he sighed, putting her arm around his shoulder and forcing her to lean on him. She let out a sigh of relief as she did, unfortunately finding comfort in the new position.He turned to the others who were running around attempting to reverse the damage done to the room, "Clean this up, no one can know what happened here" he instructed them with a stern voice.Tom led her out through the corridor slowly, making sure he carried most of her weight as she occasionally swayed from the blood loss. He looked over her pale face and glazed eyes, deducing she could pass out at any moment."You're just mad because I won" she grinned weakly up at him, somehow managing to find humour in the situation - and the energy to tease him."No, I'm mad because you blew up the classroom in a desperate attempt to beat me and managed to slice your head open in the process. Tell me, Eleanor, do you think before you act or is it all just a free for all in there?" his tone was soaking in anger and it carried at bite she wasn't expecting, "I've never seen such a pathetic display of supreme recklessness-"She cut him off with another laugh, "I never expected you to be such a sore loser Tom, should we get you some bandages for your bleeding pride while we're there?"He shook his head in disbelief and clenched his jaw, "What you did in there was insane. You're lucky we didn't demolish the whole castle,"Eleanor's eyes rolled slightly back into her head, edging towards blacking out, "I've never felt more power...I'm surprised you're not turned on" she giggled like a madwoman, throwing her head into his shoulder.He rolled his eyes, rounding the corner that lead to the infirmary, "You've lost too much blood, you're being deluded,""Imagine if we could control it...""You're insane if you think something like that could be controlled, it was chaotic..." he spat, growing tired of her babbling. He even considered knocking her out just for the silence...She breathlessly laughed at his harsh demeanour, feeling the consciousness slip from her, "Uzel sily...page ...143" she whispered, before going limp in his arms.Tom was left in deep contemplation, the phrase running through his head as he dragged her into the infirmary met with the horrified shriek of Madame Fenella."Merlin, not you two again..." she shook her head in dismay, "What happened this time?" her brows stitched together as she took in Eleanors hair, dripping with crimson and her paled lifeless body hanging in his arms."Just a duelling accident" Tom explained in a low, composed voice.The woman gave a tired sigh and shook her head and began muttering to herself, "Bloody duelling on a Friday night, whatever will they allow next..."As soon as the nurse took Eleanor from his arms, he collapsed into the chair behind him, finally letting the pain that overwhelmed the deep slash in his arm take over.Uzel sily, he thought, scrutinising the words. His mind ripped open every foreign language thesaurus he had read and scanned it by memory. He knew it was Russian, but what did it mean? After a few minutes of watching madam Fenella manically tend to Eleanor on the bed opposite, finally, it came to him.Uzel sily, 'Knot of power'.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "They say that the loveliest angels make the cruellest demons

  and my darling,

  you were so kind and beautiful before they dragged you to hell"

  -C.K
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
After a painstakingly long time trying to convince Madam Fenella that she was well enough to be discharged, Eleanor finally was let out of the infirmary just after lunchtime. Much to her displeasure, she had been kept in overnight and her mind was foggy as to how she even got there in the first place. However, she had a faint memory of pressing up against a hard figure and momentarily drinking in the scent of tobacco and cologne that laced the fabric.Tom and Eleanor's duel replayed over and over again in her mind. She scrutinised every step taken, every spell conjured, looking for any detail that may assist her in putting the pieces together as to what happened. The more sensible part of Eleanor knew trying the energy bridge mid-duel with Tom Riddle of all people was a risk, but truthfully it was the only way she could see if it actually worked.
  And it did.
It seemed that the connection can only be conjured when the two people are close enough to focus on each other. But the Uzel Sily could only be forged when there was some sort of magic linking them too. Eleanor came to the conclusion that there were two components to it, firstly, the levelled frequency of the energy bridge and secondly, the shared magic, binding them spiritually and physically. The explosion was of course not planned. Her mind raced at what they did wrong, how it differed from the passage in the book she read...but she came up with nothing. It must have been their inexperience, either that or she had misread something vital.Regardless, Eleanor knew Tom well enough to know that was annoyed at her. She could hear his cutting words in her head as if he were here now.
  "Why the fuck did you do that? Are you trying to kill us before we even get to graduate? I knew you were mental Eleanor but you've really outdone yourself this time..."
It was wise to avoid him for the time being and give him time to cool down. He never seemed to be able to stay angry at her for long, so it was clear she had to keep a low profile and not provoke him any further than she already had. She found herself wandering the grounds, taking in the sun of the Sunday afternoon. Her eyes fixed on something in the distance, a flash of green flying through the air. Squinting, she saw the Slytherin quidditch team whipping high above the grandstands of the Quidditch pitch, yelling and laughing. Instantly she knew where to go.When she approached the field she managed to eye Theodore, Ludo and Caspian who were seemingly trying to defend the goal from the others. Climbing the stairs a little, she perched herself on a bench and watched them enjoying the distraction. It was funny, from this vantage point they seemed just like normal boys, out having fun and enjoying themselves in the good weather. She knew one day soon, they would be murderers and their innocence would dissipate as their hands dripped with blood. But today they were just boys, hearts full and souls intact. A smile formed on her lips at the pretty sight, it warmed her own broken heart and nurtured her fractured soul.After a while of watching them, a large horn sounded and the team seemed to finish their practice session. With a wave of her hand, she managed to get Theodore's attention and with a wide sweaty grin, he flew over, hovering just above the staircase she sat next to."Let me guess... you got to hell and the devil sent you back?" he called out, beaming at her and wiping his forehead."You can't get rid of me that easily Lestrange"He jumped off his broom and swaggered over to sit next to her taking a large swig of water as he did."You scared me for a second there you know," Theodore admitted in a small voice, looking out to the pitch with weary eyes.She sighed and looked down, guilt overcoming her, "I know I'm sorry, I don't even know what happened...I've never seen an explosion like that before". The lie came out of her lips so easily could have been a kiss."I know one thing...I've never seen Riddle so fucking scared, thought he was gonna rip the floor apart when he was searching for you"Eleanor's eyes widened as she absorbed his words."He...he was the one to pull me out?""The man was manic Grindelwald, he's the one that dragged your bloody corpse to the hospital wing...don't you remember any of it?""No..."He turned to her and gave her a comforting smile, patting her on the leg with his gloved hand."Oh god don't feel bad...if anything, it was worth it just to see someone beat Riddle. He's bloody inconsolable - the git" he chuckled, deeply amused at the thought of it.A grimace formed on her face and her brows stitched together tightly, silently she thanked herself for avoiding him if he was in such a mood. Once again, she was reminded of the boy and desperately needed a distraction from the thoughts that began to colonise her mind."What are you doing next Friday?" she asked, looking up at him through her lashes, "Let's get drunk, I need a fucking break,""Well I've never been a gentleman to refuse a lady a good time - but don't you remember? We've got Slug Club and I've already said I'm going"Oh shit. She groaned and buried her head in her hands."Why don't we skip? We could go to Hogsmeade and drink those desiderum cocktails!""Oh come on Eleanor it'll be fun, it's the last one of the year and the old bastard normally gives out gifts...not to mention he's more relaxed on the fire whiskey lenience for the seventh years..."She rolled her eyes and sighed in defeat, "Do you have a date?""No, I'm going solo this time - might even try it on with that Betty Crawford from Ravenclaw...she's rejected me a few times but she gave the 'I want to fuck you' eyes the other day in potions, so I might as well have another crack"."Well, we both don't have a date, we should go together, you know - as friends" she suggested, desperately trying to find someone to shield her from Tom. It was gutless, but she didn't care at this point."Why aren't you going with Tom?""He didn't ask..." she responded quickly, desperately trying to conceal the disappointment in her voice, "I mean it's not like we're dating or anything, he has every right not to...we're hardly friends even" she laughed, averting her gaze towards the quidditch pitch."Oh shut up Grindelwald we all see you two together" he rolled his eyes, and she opened her mouth to protest but he cut her off before she could. "I know he's a real prick sometimes but I can see that he likes you, truly - I've never seen him the way he is with you... Just give him time...I mean let's face it, he's pretty fucked up from the orphanage and all you know-"Eleanor's heart stopped for a moment and she looked up to Theodore with wide eyes in bewilderment."Orphanage?"He registered the shock on her face, "Oh fuck" he cried, planting his head into his hands, "you really need to forget I said that""Are you telling me he's an orphan? I thought he had a family? At Malfoy Manor over Christmas, he mentioned his family....""Look he never talks about it - but his parents died when he was young...poor bastard goes back to the orphanage after school finishes every year...But you can't say anything, he'd fucking murder me if he knew I did...I thought, I thought he had told you..."Her mind reeled at the information. It all started to make sense. The Gstaad lie, her aunts 'guardian' comment on New Year's Eve, his refusal to even mention his family...
  But why lie when she has been so honest to him? Why didn't he trust her after everything they had been through?
"No..." she sighed, hurt laced into the words, "he tells me nothing actually. Why wouldn't he tell me?""Eleanor" he sighed, taking her cold hands in his and rubbing them comfortingly, "you're from the wealthiest pureblooded family in Europe...he's a very proud man, maybe he didn't want you to pity him...you know what he's like"Maybe it was the medication Madam Fenella had her on but the lie felt overbearing to her like he had broken a promise that they never made but silently followed. Abraxas' warnings of Tom sounded in her head and she felt like a fool for thinking she knew the man that she had grown close to. There was something so fundamentally gut-wrenching about finding out that he was an orphan - just like her - and he didn't even have the decency to mention it. She spent so much time talking about her parents' deaths, no longer having a family... and he just sat there completely relating but not even having the decency to tell her.She scoffed, a small well of hot tears forming in her eyes. Her heart ached with the hurt of betrayal, but she didn't quite understand why she cared so much. Despite that, she couldn't escape the tear that fell from her eye as she did."I just thought...I thought that..." she began, but couldn't finish the sentence.Theodore wiped it with his thumb and gave her an empathetic smile, folding her into a tight hug."Right, no more crying. Beautiful people like us should never cry okay?" he leant down to her and offered her a smile. "How about this, you and I are going to walk into that Slug Club dinner looking ridiculously sexy and get completely fucking wasted together and forget all about this okay? We'll dance and sing and I'll even hold your hair back for you when you vomit..."She let out a small laugh at his endearing attempt at cheering her up."Okay, deal," she said softly, wiping the tears and tightening her grip around him, enjoying their friendship. Eleanor had never had a brother, but Theodore Lestrange was the closest to it and at that moment she realised that although she have lost her family, she had made a new one here.
  ***
  
  
  
The rest of her week was spent keeping a low profile, not just from one specific person but from everything around her too. Something felt dislodged in her, like a piece of her had fallen out of place and scattered into the wind. Her mind was loud with thoughts and memories but she remained quiet on the exterior, giving the excuse of the head wound and its collateral aching pain. She spent the entire of arithmancy on Wednesday afternoon sat opposite Tom, sparing him a few words here and there but not quite looking him in the eye the way she used to. He found himself searching her face for any sign of emotion, but there was none, it was like she was empty. Nothing but stormy grey eyes, pink lips and messy chocolate hair.Even at dinner when he invited her to study in the library, she replied with a weak smile and politely turned him down, saying it was harder to focus with the headaches she was having. His response was odd, almost foreign and a flash of what seemed like guilt passed his features at her words, but he quickly recovered and nodded to her understandingly.Eleanor had no idea how to compute the feelings she had for the man. She knew she didn't hate him, but the line between love and hate was so thin that she found herself in a limbo of confusion laced with distrust and desire. Maybe she liked him. But not in the way she liked her other friends. Tom wasn't a friend to her like Octavia or Ezra...they didn't get drunk together and dance, laugh at the stupidity of their mistakes during break or discuss silly matters with open hearts.It was an altogether different 'like', one that she had never come across.She liked the way his mind worked. It was similar to some sort of merciless, analytical machine - he saw things that others didn't and remembered things no one else could. Intelligence was hard to come by but genius was rarer still and studying with him made her realise how smart he truly was.She liked that he seemed to be the only one that loved reading just as much as she did. Perhaps that's the first thing that endeared him to her, his bookshelf stacked with well-read novels. She had conversations with him about books no one she knew had ever read-  and she even tolerated his wrong opinions on Tolstoy and Austen because of it.She liked his tendency to challenge her. Sometimes it ended in fights, sometimes it ended in sophisticated discussion -  but it didn't matter because the conversations were at least honest and true. She often found herself replaying the philosophical debates they had, just to hear his justifications again.She liked that he didn't judge her. In fact, she's amazed that her plans didn't send him running for the hills. After all, if she told anyone that she had spent the last six months scheming to murder six Aurors, they would surely lock her up in St Mungos.  But it went deeper than that, he seemed to understand her and would never question something like using dark magic for vengeance, because they had a mutual appreciation for justice and order.And of course, if she had to admit it, she liked the way he made her feel. When he looked at her, it sent shivers down her spine and tingles into her toes - as if he was the only one to ever fully see her. When he spoke to her, she knew he was deliberate and decisive with his words. Eleanor often wondered how someone like him could send her into a fit of euphoric pleasure with one simple touch. How could the devil be so well acquainted with the art of heaven? How could he make sin so undeniably divine? There were times when he made her feel like she was worthy of some sort of redemption and just for a moment - she felt like a good person, deserving of the attention.If they weren't friends what were they? They had been everything but friends; enemies, acquaintances, confidantes, fighters, lovers and maybe even companions. She was sure there wasn't a word for it in any dictionary on Earth and she was sure that he didn't have a word for it either. The state of limbo was tiring and her kaleidoscope of emotions were confronting. A million questions ran through her mind, but they all came to a common crux.
  How does he feel about her?

  
    ***
  
By Thursday afternoon, she was still processing everything in her mind and despite the lengthy hours she dedicated to it, no conclusion arose. After excusing herself early from dinner, she began walking back to the common room in desperate need of a hot shower and a sleeping potion infused deep slumber.As she approached the staircase, a hand grabbed her wrist tightly and pulled her to the side behind a tall column. She gasped at the touch and after quickly identifying the source of it, her mind began reeling to find an excuse to get out of whatever she was about to get into. Tom's eyes were cold and analytical, matching his clenched jaw and serious demeanour. Her back leant up onto the cold stone of the wall and he placed a strong, extended arm against her and the pylon next to them, cornering her. Her nervous, irritated glare was fixed to the far wall, avoiding his gaze completely and she fidgeted with the ring on her finger, twirling it around."You know you could have just asked to talk...you didn't have to grab me," she began in an exasperated sigh, "I really have to go-".He cut her off with a hitched brow and a sharp tone, "What's going on with you?"She shifted uncomfortably under his gaze and felt the thickness of the tension in the air."I already told you Tom, that hit really fucked me up and the meds are making me drowsy, I guess I'm just...tired"His eyes narrowed onto her and he leaned in closer, "How many times do I have to tell you not to lie to me?"She scoffed in disbelief, "You're seriously talking to me about lying?" her angered gaze turned to his and she stepped closer to face him entirely, "You're such a fucking hypocrite Tom".He rolled his eyes in agitation, "Christ, what have I done now?""Why didn't you tell me about your parents?" Eleanor asked in a demanding voice.A look of surprise momentarily fell over his features before they hardened and fixed a deadly glare onto his face."Who told you-" he started, in a low and dangerous voice."Who the fuck cares who told me!" she yelled back at him, "You fucking lied to me!""I never lied to you" he started in a hushed tone, leaning into her.She scoffed at his words, "What? Did you think I was some sort of snob? Like I would fucking judge you or something? Who the fuck do you think I am?""Listen.." he began, attempting to calm her down by putting his hands on her shoulders and slightly softening his glare."No, you listen!" she snapped back, swatting his hands away from her,  "I've spent the last few months telling you everything about myself, from how my parents were brutally murdered in front of me to what I was like as a child. And you gave me fucking nothing. Nothing! And I thought it was because you had some sort of difficult relationship with your parents and I was okay with that, because I was stupid enough to think that one day you would be honest with me..."His eyes were clenched shut, pinching the bridge of his nose with the tips of his fingers, desperately trying to contain his anger."Elle-" Tom began, in a tightly controlled voice.Her breath hitched at the name she was called, but she was too fuelled with her own anger to address it."I feel like such a fucking idiot Tom, I thought we trusted each other...I thought maybe..." Eleanor couldn't finish the sentence and instead blinked through the tears that fell from her eyes.Something inside him seemed to snap, and the coldness returned to his piercing glare as he turned to her with a snarl."You thought what Grindelwald? You thought I owed you an explanation?" he let out a cruel, empty laugh, "You thought what? That I cared about you enough to share something like that with you? Why would I do that huh? You're just someone I'm working with, nothing else...I thought you were at least smart enough to realise that""So that's it then, you're just going to push me away?" her voice was loud but it had an edge of hurt within it and she kept her defiant stance but it seemed less rigid.Tom took in the sight of the girl in front of him, cheeks stained with tears and eyes that could draw guilt from the devil himself."There's nothing to push away" he spat, giving her one final demeaning glance before turning on his heel and storming towards the great hall.Eleanor stared after him in complete disbelief, allowing the tears to flow freely down her face. The conversation had left her feeling a cocktail of unpleasant emotions, from hatred to hurt and she wanted nothing more to never see Tom again. Perhaps the worst part about it was that she felt so incredibly foolish for ever thinking that he could swallow his pride and apologise.That night, she lay awake, letting the situation wash over her, sending fresh waves of pain, anger and anxiety through her body and into her heart. Eleanor couldn't believe it, but for the first time in her life, she wished she had listened to Abraxas. "He does this with girls Eleanor, he plays with them and he uses them for his own advantage and then he disposes of them as if they were nothing"It became clear to her that anyone he couldn't share a secret like that with anyone he didn't regard with much relevance or respect. He allowed her to reveal so many private details of her life, answered every one of his intimate questions. She allowed him to peek beneath her skin and witness the scars and vulnerability that cladded her bones. But he gave her nothing in return and she couldn't comprehend why.And so she came to realise that she was just like every other girl, played and disposed of. Just another notch in his belt, that once thought she was different to the rest.
  How wrong she was.

  ***
Another shot of tequila ran down her throat as she draped herself over the velvet armchair in Theodore and Ezra's room. They had elected to start the party early, skipping dinner for the more sinister comforts of drinks and jazz. Eleanor took a shot every time he came into her mind.
  "You're just someone I'm working with, nothing else"
Shot.
  "Elle-"
Shot.
  "Who do you belong to Eleanor?"
Shot.She knew she was better off to rise above it and not dedicate any more time to replaying his insults in her head. But she was petty, and if he wanted to play war she would meet him in the battlefield with a sharpened sword and a merciless heart. Part of her knew that pushing her away was his defence mechanism but his words still sent an aching pain to her heart.The numbing aid of the tequila in her bloodstream made her more comfortable with the less than conservative dress she found herself in. Believe it or not, Theodore had quite the eye for haberdashery and straight after their charms class on Friday morning, he dragged her to Hogsmeade to find a dress and a cure for her misery.
  "If you're going to be my date darling, I want you in something ravishing...all eyes will be on us - so let's make it worth the gawking"

  She came out dressed in the creation. It was a long green silk gown that draped effortlessly from her figure and fell to the ground in an elegant flourish of fabric. The two straps dipped low, revealing her décolletage and the back stooped even lower, expertly exposing the pale skin along her spine. She blinked at the image of herself and for the first time in her life, she felt like a woman.

  "This is far too...suggestive Theodore" I spat, eyes widened at the low cut of the neckline.

  He beamed up at her, downing the last of the champagne that Madame Hébert offered him before standing up and striding over to her. With a sigh he pulled her over to the full-length mirror, forcing her to take the sight of herself in.

  "You want him to regret lying to you don't you?" he whispered to her in a hushed voice from behind, "You want to walk in and make him regret every stupidly proud word he's ever said to you..."

  "Trust me, I really think he hates me...Plus, he's not like other men, he's not swayed by dresses or exposed skin..."

  "If I know anything Eleanor...it's what men like - and no man could resist a woman that he wants in a dress like this...Riddle included"

  "He doesn't care Theo...he's-"

  "Look darling, I know you're fucked up from what he said. And you have every right to be, he's a complete prick...but you have to know that he's bloody obsessed with you. He's just a complete twat when it comes to these things...Besides, if you don't let me buy you this dress - I'll buy it for myself and seduce your boyfriend for you"

  Eleanor burst into a fit of laughter.
"So when are you two walking down the aisle then?" Theodore drawled to Ezra, dress shirt half buttoned-down and hazy eyed.Ezra let out a pained laugh, "Unfortunately...my parents seem to have other plans for me. They're insisting on me marrying someone from a French family, 'to keep the bloodline pure' they said" he recited with a slurred, forced French accent."What? That's ridiculous! God, there are so many rules now we're all going to be marrying our bloody cousins soon enough" Eleanor chimed in from the armchair with a scoff, "What does Ludo say?"Ezra dragged his green eyes downwards to the glass in his hands, "He doesn't know...", his tone was drenched in pained guilt."Jesus Christ Rosier - you're going to break the poor fuckers heart" Theodore replied, pouring everyone another round of tequila shots at the bar cart.Eleanor nodded sadly, "Fuck I'm so sorry Ezra...""I know, I...I keep telling myself I'm going to find a way around it but you've met them, they're..." he winced slightly, "difficult...and if I did anything to cross them they would cut me off completely".Lestrange handed her another shot glass and sent a sympathetic smile to Ezra."Well I think a toast is in order..." she announced, wobbly getting up from the chair and lifting her glass."To our hearts, they may be the first to break, but let us hope they are the last to bleed" she yelled out, and it was met with a chorus of, "To our hearts" as they downed the tangy, strong liquid.She shook her head with a wince, feeling it prick down her throat and bit the lime wedge to stop the sour taste washing through her mouth.When they finally stumbled to Slughorns door an hour late, they fell into a fit of giggles as Ezra tripped over his own shoes.Theodore steadied himself and mustered up a serious expression on his face, "Okay darlings, all we have to do is act sober and no one will know," he announced with forced articulation, but he slurred a little at the end.Eleanor just nodded giggling again and swayed as she hung onto Theodore's arm for dear life, not trusting the inebriation in her bloodstream or the heels she was in. Four shots of tequila were probably not the best thing to fill your empty stomach with if you were about to walk into a room and see a man you wanted to make sorry...but alas, this was the situation she found herself in."I'll go first...and if this gets boring, we'll go back to the room for a spliff, god knows I need it" Ezra added hazily, straightening his posture and fixing his wonky bow tie."Absolutely, yes" she grinned, welcoming any respite from her sober, miserable self. Ezra took the handle and whipped open the door, gliding in with his head held high - almost too quickly.She tightened her grip on Theodore's arm as they followed, instantly attracting curious stares from the guests. Slughorn seemed to perk up at their arrival and greeted them from the sofa, where he gathered presumably to bore the sixth years that sat there with one of his many stories."Ah Mr Lestrange, Miss Grindelwald, we were beginning to think you weren't going to be joining us...don't you two look lovely" he chuckled gleefully, clearly having enjoyed a few brandy's.Theodore set his usual charming grin on his dark features, "Apologies Professor, we were caught up studying in the library, what can I say? I guess I've turned a new leaf for academia! Better late than never as you always say sir" he chuckled and Eleanor couldn't help but swallow a laugh at his words too.Slughorn somehow didn't seem to buy the words from Slytherin's famous troublemaker, who over the years had caused him much stress and disarray. So instead, he simply hummed in agreement, electing to ignore their inebriated demeanours and went back to his conversation.Suddenly, Eleanor became aware of a piercing glare directed at her from across the room, but she couldn't bring herself to meet the eyes it belonged to."I think the old bat bought it" Theodore whispered optimistically, grabbing another drink for them from the waiter."No he fucking didn't" she laughed, "as soon as you mentioned being in the library you sold us out entirely...I mean when have you ever been in the library?"He handed the glass of champagne to her, "I fucked Dannielle Drewitt in there in fifth year, does that count?""You dirty bastard" she hit his arm playfully, silently hoping that whatever happened between him and Danielle Drewitt, wasn't on her favourite desk. Eleanor groaned at the image that nonconsensually came into her mind and took a sip."You ready for this?" he asked her with devilish eyes and a charming smile.Her stormy eyes became riddled with worry and she shook her head violently, "Absolutely fucking not, we're not going over there."Theodore sighed, pushing a strand of her hair behind her ear, "Listen, we are going to walk over there and you are going to sit down and completely ignore him, he can't do anything if you haven't acknowledged his existence. Plus it will definitely piss him off."She took another deep sip of the champagne savouring the taste and gave him a nod, taking his arm and letting the alcohol inject her with as much confidence as she could muster.However, whatever confidence she once held seemed to completely dissipate as she took in the sight in front of her. Her friends sat in their usual seats, crowded next to the elaborate fireplace drinking whiskey and caught in animated conversation. What she didn't expect to see - was the sight of Ava Carrow sat on Tom's lap, whispering something in his ear and running her hand along his chest.Her jaw hardened and as he smirked up to the blonde in response, she couldn't help but feel a fire build within her that pushed her towards a foreign feeling in her bones. It was a cocktail of overwhelmed anger and resentment that bubbled underneath the surface."Well, well, well the parties finally arrived!" Ludo greeted them with a drunken smile and a wave.She ignored the piercing eyes on her as they approached and offered Ludo a kiss on the cheek and a sweet smile."I'm glad to see you alive and well Grindelwald," Abraxas greeted her, with a tight-lipped smile. Their recent conversation had set an odd sense of camaraderie between them and if she was being honest, she liked not being the subject of his insults at every meeting.Tom didn't greet them and simply sent a dismissive nod in their direction, before turning back to Ava who had begun playing with the buttons on his white shirt. Eleanor's mind wandered to whether it was one of the shirts she wore to bed...but quickly took a sip of her champagne to dull the memory that rushed through to her.Theodore sat down on the sofa opposite them and Eleanor made sure to sit down closely next to him. As if reading her mind, he sent an arm around her shoulder and she leaned into it with a devilish smile."Christ, looks like you've already had a party of your own eh?" Ludo laughed, gesturing to their hazy eyes and drunken grins."Let's put it this way Ludo... between me, Rosier and Grindelwald - we've definitely put a strain on the worlds Tequila supply" Lestrange replied, lighting a cigarette and taking a puff, "I've never met a girl that can drink as much as her, it's bloody astonishing,"Eleanor giggled, letting her hand run down her exposed leg, revealing the split that ran to her mid-thigh, making sure to subtly sigh into the touch. She wouldn't dare look at him because she knew he was glaring at her and she couldn't help but love it."So gents - and ladies of course-" Lestrange began, acknowledging Ava and Eleanor, "What are we doing after school? Surely we need to have some sort of graduation bash. Let's go to Balmoral and absolutely wreck the place, I'm talking a lashing like no other...""Every weekend is lashing like no other for you isn't it dear Theodore?" Ludo teased, grinning and running his hand over Ezra's back."No I agree, let's go out with a bang! We'll do it here if we have to, really make our mark on the place before we go" Ezra shot back enthusiastically, taking another glass of whiskey.The smell of tobacco and cologne filled the air and Eleanor couldn't help but shift her gaze over to the armchair by the fire, Tom's hand was on Ava's thigh and she seemed to be completely ignoring their conversation - solely focused on playing with his Gaunt ring. Eleanor swallowed the venom that she began to taste in her mouth and grimaced.She dragged her gaze away from the disgusting display and looked up at Theodore through her long lashes, "May I darling?" she asked silkily, taking the cigarette from his lips and pressing the butt between her teeth - hollowing her cheeks with a deep inhalation. She knew it had affected him, because in her periphery he shifted in the chair, clearing his throat. Her smile deepened as she inhaled, filling her lungs with the smoke. The satisfaction of getting under Tom's skin was greater than any shot of tequila or cigarette she could ever have, and she took the moment to relish it.Theodore leaned in to whisper in her ear, "Are you trying to get me murdered Grindelwald?"She looked up to him and smiled sweetly, "What? You don't think I didn't notice that Esther Lennon is watching you like a hawk from across the room?"He chuckled and looked over her shoulder to the girl, "You really think so?"Eleanor nodded and turned into him, knowing that they were attracting the attention of a certain set of icy blue eyes next to the fire, "Let's give them something to miss huh?" she winked at him.Theodore grinned and downed the rest of his drink, standing up quickly and turning to her, "Right Grindelwald, me and you - on the dancefloor and I won't take no for an answer" he demanded, pulling her up and twirling her around towards the crowd of dancing couples."What in Merlin's name has gotten into those two? Have I missed something?"  Ludo questioned, watching as they fell into the sultry moves of the foxtrot in a fit of giggles.Tom's eyes followed them too, watching as Theodore wrapped his arms around her waist and touched her bare, exposed back. Slowly his hands trailed down to her backside and his jaw clenched.
  Fuck no.
"Well they are practically engaged, so they may as well start at least pretending to like each other" Abraxas drawled in reply."God, imagine the children, bloody trouble makers with those genes" Ezra chuckled, leaning into Ludo's arm.As Ezra's words left his mouth Eleanor whispered something into Theodore's ear, making him blush and then they both giggled cheekily at one another. Tom gripped his empty glass, causing his knuckles to go white and it was a wonder it didn't break.He couldn't handle it anymore and in one swift motion, shot up, sending Ava almost flying."I'm going to get another drink" Tom declared in his signature low, raspy voice, but his teeth were clenched and his eyes were murderous.Ava began to follow him, but he whipped around to dismiss her, "Not with you," he sneered to the girl in a biting tone. She scoffed at him, shaking her head and sat back down with a pout.Ezra handed the girl a glass of champagne and leaned in, whispering "Don't take it personally darling, he's a cunt to everyone"Ava smiled up at him and gave him a small nod, taking the glass with a silent thank you.Eleanor knew that she had enjoyed one too many when her head started spinning with another whirl on the dancefloor. He dipped her dangerously to the ground and although they couldn't help but laugh at the ridiculousness of themselves, she desperately needed to sit. As the song started to end, she looked over to the pretty redhead sitting by the bar."I think I'm going to go and sit down," she began but gestured over to the girl before she left, "Why don't you see if Esther wants to take over?"He shot her a sympathetic smile and nodded, swandering over to the girl without hesitation.Eleanor stumbled over to the balcony and took in the cool sharp breeze against her bare skin. Sighing, she bent over to lean on the railing and lit a cigarette in a desperate attempt at sobering up.A figure emerged behind onto the balcony and after a pause approached the railing - leaning next to her. The sound of a sudden flame lighting a cigarette came to her ears and instinctively, she hardened her gaze and took another deep inhale of the cigarette. She knew who it was, only Tom had the silent presence that made the hairs stand up on her arms and her heart beat slightly arrhythmically.Eleanor did her best to ignore him, but his closeness was becoming stifling - like he somehow managed to suck all the air out of the night sky. She could tell he was thinking deeply about something, as she saw him tap his fingers on the stone balcony railing impatiently. There was nothing she wanted more than to put her cigarette out on the boy's chest and run back inside, but something about his energy made her stay. He didn't radiate with anger like he did the other night, nor did he give off anything that would suggest she should be on guard. It was almost like he was tired, exhausted even. His posture was slumped as he bent his elbows onto the stone and he seemed to rub his forehead with the faint sign of stress...or anxiousness, whatever it was it was incredibly foreign to him.She sighed, "Look, if you've come here to hurt me - you've already succeeded at that...so either do us both a favour and push me off this fucking balcony or just leave" her voice was unwavering and full of resentment but there was a slight edge to it that made her seem like she was on the verge of crying.He stilled registering her words for a moment and then put out his cigarette, managing to gather up the courage to finally speak."I was born on the 31st of December in 1926..." Tom began, voice raspy and low.Confusion clouded her eyes as they watched the crows fly past the moon in the far distance.
  Why on Earth was he telling her this?

  More importantly...Why on Earth was she listening?
He sighed deeply, seemingly watching the same flock "My mother was a Gaunt from one of the ancient noble houses...my father was" he paused, looking down through gritted teeth, "not of our society..."Tom stopped, half expecting her to either yell at him or leave and a mixture of relief and nausea entered him as she didn't.Her eyes widened slightly at the realisation of his words and her stern features softened, but she made no move to exit and if anything planted herself to the ground."They say she used love potion...once he left, she dropped me off at the orphanage and...I never saw her again" he swallowed deeply, not daring to look over to her.Eleanor's brows knitted together and her heart felt like it fell to the depths of her ribcage, suddenly overcome with guilt and sadness."I killed my father two years ago on the Holiday break. I'm the last of the Gaunt line..."She looked down and drew a deep breath letting his words flow through her consciousness and into her mind, where they began spinning around like a carousel, forcing her to relive them again."So there it is" he sighed, "What I should have told you months ago,"She threw her cigarette on the ground letting guilt wash through her and turned to him. Her hand raised to gently touch the bicep of his shoulder as she attempted to look up at his darkened eyes which were fixed to the horizon. As she made contact with his skin, his rigidly tight muscles relaxed, almost thanking her for the touch.And there he was, Tom Riddle - broken."Tom I-" she began in a soft voice, but he cut her off."Eleanor...I need...I need you to go easy on me. This... is not something I entirely comprehend," he admitted in a low, strained voice.She knew by the look on his face the honesty of the words probably tasted like venom in his mouth and he regretted them as soon as they left it. It was a loaded statement, full of emotion, guilt, admittance and vulnerability - all concepts entirely foreign to Tom. But she didn't care because she understood what it meant and it was better than any apology she could ever get.It was honesty, both brutal and real and at the same time, it was beautifully heartbreaking."I know," she whispered back. She wanted to thank him for telling her everything he just revealed but she knew he would despise the validation of it. So instead, she took out the silver case from her pocket and offered him a cigarette with a small smile - a gesture she knew he would accept as a silent 'Thank you, I forgive you'.For the first time, he turned to look at her. But not just at her eyes or at her face or any other part of her body - but at her entirely, like he was running his piercing gaze through her soul and seeing every fragment of it. He saw the good, the terrible and the horrific parts of her and yet, looked at her like she was some sort of rare treasure. As he did, she felt herself forgive every one of his sins and absolve him of all of his crimes. His eyes crawled down to the offer that lay in her fingers and he smirked, shaking his head in amusement and took it. He inhaled with such veracity she was surprised he didn't choke - but it was like he needed the nicotine dose more than air.Her eyes flitted down to the silver and she ran her finger over the familiar engraved letters inside, biting her lip."Can I ask one more thing?... And then I'll never ask anything again"He turned to her with amusement dancing in his eyes - extremely aware that the last part was unlikely - and a hitched brow, blowing out smoke beside them. He didn't answer, but she took his lack of protest as a green light to go ahead.Her cheeks went pink as she looked down, embarrassed at the simple nature of the question, "What's your middle name?"Tom paused, taking a second to regard her, somewhat shocked at the question. A question nobody had ever asked him in his entire life, until now. It was oddly intimate, like sharing a secret. And there was nothing more that he disliked than sharing secrets. After all, he always despised his name and especially hated that his middle name was shared with his complete embarrassment of a grandfather.
  How did she manage to ask all the worst questions at the right time?
"Marvolo" he responded, in a low dangerous tone that reverberated into her and set her heart beating rapidly.To his surprise, she smiled sweetly at the name and looked away back to the full moon in front of them."Tom Marvolo Riddle" she pronounced in a slow silky tone as if introducing herself to the words, "I rather like that."He couldn't help but stare at the girl, not for one moment taking his gaze from her silk-clad form. It seemed to drag up from the pooling silk on the floor to her bare back and then finally to her eyes, which were set out in front of her, reflecting the moons radiant glow.In that moment Tom was sure of only two things in life; that he hated his name a little less and that she was his downfall.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "I will bleed for better reasons this year"
  
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
There comes a time in every person's life, when one chooses a side. It may not be a grand ideological statement, but could be the smallest words or the most insignificant action. In retrospect we look upon these moments as integral, setting ourselves upon a path with no return. In the moment, however, they are fleeting decisions with very little thought of trajectory and that is what makes them so dangerous. Taking a side is as easy as flipping a coin and sometimes in the menial moment of time, you are choosing your death as well.
  But they would not know this until later on when it was too late.
Eleanor knew what she was doing was morally wrong. But after all the horrific things she had seen and been through, 'morality' seemed to not hold a large amount of respect in her mind. After all, morality is subjective and she thought perhaps being 'moral' was an ability afforded to those that had never been pushed to the brink, so utterly overcome with the reality of the harshness of the world. It was easy to follow a moral code when you have never been wronged by one. And so, in her own brand of morality twisted with a hunger for vengeance and a desire for justice, she was absolved of her crimes.An eye for an eye seemed fair in a blind society.Their plan was beginning to take shape and now that Tom and Eleanor were amicable again, the fine details became the focus of refinement. Professor Dumbledore would probably be abhorred to know that his theory inspired their 'break-in strategy' and even more horrified to realise they had mastered the extension of that magic, which was well beyond the capabilities of their fellow peers.As the clock struck 8:00 pm, Eleanor sat in her usual spot in the library scrawling down notes after reading the book for the third time. The pages were dog eared and worn and she was in the process of transcribing the notes she made in the book to her own notepad. Her eyes drank in every detail of 'Chapter 11: Disillusionment Transfiguration: Mastering Masks'. Just as she came to the most important detail of the spell, a large thud sounded onto the wooden table and she gasped, dropping the book completely."Merlin Tom, you scared me half to death," she huffed, looking up at his casually sharp features as he sat down in his usual seat."You missed dinner" he replied in an agitated tone, not bothering to answer her words with an apology - as a normal person would.Her eyes fixed back onto the book retracing her steps to find the line again, "I'm not hungry, there's far too much to do anyway between this and the OWLS".He leaned back into his chair and crossed his arms running his piercing gaze over her complexion, "I can't imagine why someone as hell-bent on ending it all would care about something as trivial as grades."Eleanor rolled her stormy eyes at him, becoming distracted again from her book."If I don't do well on the exams it'll feel like I just wasted my time here...Plus what are they going to put on my gravestone if I don't huh? I'm at least hoping for an 'Eleanor Margaret Grindelwald: Dedicated student and sister'," her tone was thick with humour but Tom seemed to only find disgust in her unceremonious and relaxed attitude towards her own death.A teasing grin overcame her face attempting to offset his change of mood, "I think I might have you beat in potions...Slughorn sent me a personal congratulations letter for my essay on pain relief potioneering".He eyed her incredulously, the evidence of amusement twitching at his lips, "Don't be ridiculous Eleanor. Stupidity doesn't suit you"She desperately wanted to scoff and fly another cutting comment back at him, but the smile on her face betrayed her and she inched towards laughter at the complete arrogance of the man. Tom held her gaze, amusement dancing in his eyes, but then seemed to look away and straighten his back - as if correcting his casual behaviour and returning to his usual self.Eleanor cleared her throat awkwardly and extended her newly compiled notes out in front of him, turning to the distraction of serious business. That had been their game for the last few days; every time conversation inched towards suggesting some sort of light-heartedness, their hearts fluttered and their eyes looked too deeply within the others - they would snap violently back into the reality of their situation. It was a protection mechanism mostly, as they had said at the same time too much and not enough to each other. It was a limbo of sorts, a scale they strained to keep perfectly balanced, too scared to see it tip.He eyed the paper with a hitched brow and a hardened jaw, "You're going to have to read that out to me, I can barely make out the words with that awful excuse for handwriting of yours."With a loud, unimpressed huff she turned it back to herself and began listing aloud, "Wormwood shavings, Thestral hair, Bulgarian Firebolt scale... Antarctic opal ash...Where on earth are we going to find all this?""Everything is feasible with the right amount of money...I'll start making some enquiries - we might need to make a trip to Knockturn Alley" he replied, taking the list, folding it and putting it in his pocket. Her mind was brought back to the last time she was in Knockturn Alley, just before Christmas with Octavia. It was where she bought the diary for Tom at the strangely ominous, disturbingly fascinating shop called Borgin and Burkes."Well I hope 2.7 billion galleons will cover it" she chuckled to herself, almost sick with the amassed inheritance she had at her disposal."I thought the wizard bank declared someone had to be eighteen to access an inheritance?" he questioned with a slight edge of shock in his voice - but he did well to hide it. Perhaps he didn't realise the depth of her financial assets, or maybe he was shocked she simply had it available to her given her clear lunacy.Eleanor shrugged remembering the long list of clauses that her uncle's lawyers read out to her upon receiving her families estate."Well technically according to the wills and estates lawyers, I only have access to a quarter of it now and then if I ever married the rest would be given to my husband...but we both know that won't be happening so if I have to petition for the full amount I will...There's no minimum age for access in Italy so I at least have that loophole."He seemed to contemplate her words before nodding and pulling out the book of his own, which was on ancient shields and wards. Eleanor dragged her gaze back to the book of her own, but as she did, her eyes caught the glimmer of the emerald ring on her finger. She slipped it off and began holding it closer so she could observe it. There was a slight reverberation that emulated from the silver band but it seemed menial compared to other objects she had seen in the past. Doubt began to creep into her mind slowly and pollute her confidence."The other night at the duel...when we made the energy bridge-" she began, in a hushed whisper."You mean the night you nearly killed us all with your idiotic recklessness?" he sneered, looking up to her observing the ring in deep thought.Electing to ignore his snide comment she continued, "When my energy met yours, something happened...to the ring. It burned and seemed to alight...Like it was activated or something..." she drawled, a furrow in her brow and a lack of surety in her voice as if she was questioning her own sanity.Tom looked at her pointedly, "And you're only telling me this now because...?"Eleanor returned the sharp glare back to him, "Because last week we weren't on speaking terms as we were no longer friends...or 'people that worked together' as you so elegantly put it," she couldn't help the bite in her delivery as she remembered his painful words."May I remind you that it was you that decided we were not on speaking terms...and we are people that work together...amongst other things..." he defended, his voice growing more quiet towards the end of his words - turning back to his notes at the resurgence of the topic - which he had no intention of discussing.She smirked and leant forward, "How would you define those 'other things' Tom? I'm dying to know..."Tom's jaw clenched slightly underneath the dull light of the candles above them and he let out a long laboured breath before answering, "Now is not the time for that conversation, we have more important things to discuss,"Eleanor scoffed and shook her head at his dismissal, her better judgement took over and heeded his words, not pushing it any further. Although, It would be a lie if she didn't admit she desperately wanted to know how he felt.
  Or if he felt anything at all.
"I do mean it though, I think the energy connection has something to do with the ring...did you feel anything strange when it happened?""The whole fucking thing is strange Eleanor," he retorted with a stern glare, before softening slightly, "but yes, it felt stronger than last time, perhaps that's simply down to the face that we were mid-curse when it happened.""I want to try it again," she demanded, looking up to him with unrelenting eyes."Absolutely not, you almost destroyed the Defence Against The Dark Arts classroom last time, not to mention the head injury you've sustained that's seemed to make you even more reckless - which I still barely can believe is possible""Fine. In the forest then..." she pushed, meeting his exhausted sigh at her adamance, "This could be it, Tom, this could be how we do it...We wouldn't have to bother with the pain of charming the wine, obliviating the other guests or even drawing out our own wards...we could annihilate them - then and there!"Her eyes glistened with their all too familiar excitement at the dangerous proposition and this seemed to plunge him into deep deliberation as he pinched his nose with the tip of his fingers and clenched his eyes shut.Eleanor knew she shouldn't, but she executed the one last weapon at her disposal."Please Tom," she said in a silky, drawn-out tone - looking up at him with doe-like innocent eyes and a small grin. He opened his eyes at the words, meeting her gaze with slight bewilderment.And if the devil ever saw it, he would melt into the ground she walked upon.Tom stared at her for a while, the silent battle in his mind waging war against his better judgement as he did. His hand gripped the spine of the book a little tighter and he ran a hand through his messy hair.After a minute or two, he finally came to an answer, "Maybe, but not here. After graduation...we don't need any more accidents happening, otherwise, people will begin to raise suspicion,"She couldn't help but grin at his answer and she let her triumphant features stay as she watched him sigh as if she had caused him great mental exasperation and get back to his work.
  ***
After a few weeks of late nights like this, their plan was cemented into place. It was heavily detailed and thoroughly researched - nothing was being left to chance. Tom called a meeting in the forbidden forest to relay and discuss the somatics of the plan. A shiver ran down her spine as she inched towards the roaring fire, trying not to look too deep into the threateningly black woods beyond them. She was glad when Tom finally spoke, his voice a welcome distraction from her mind which was unsettled by the eeriness of their surroundings."Our training is progressing well, but unfortunately it's simply not good enough for the fight we're about to walk into. The next few weeks are vital for our cause...we need to be training every day to be ready for what's to come..." he began addressing them. Tom was militant and she was sure that even the mighty Ceasar would cour beneath his regime, he was clear and concise in his instruction; execute the plan to a tee and take no prisoners."We will be under the protection of a disillusionment charm upon entry..." she heard him say, but his voice faded into the background as she was plunged into the depths of her thoughts.There was something brewing underneath the surface in Tom that made the hairs stand up on her neck. He spoke about the Aurors For Peace Ball, with such dedication to the violence they were about to inflict, it almost made her flinch. A deep corner of her mind wondered how this small moment in time might change him."I will be working with Grindelwald to concoct the delirium potion, which Lestrange will make sure is slipped into the beverage reserves. This will ensure that the crowd is docile and easy to handle if the fight breaks out in public...It will also guarantee that we have a safety net if the disillusionment charms wear off. Staying anonymous is of paramount importance..."As they stood in the gloom of the forest clearing, gathered around the fire she watched as his eyes glistened with a hunger she had rarely seen in him. His voice was strong and commanding, highlighting the muscles and tendons in his neck which tensed and relaxed under the guise of his harsh, merciless words. The piercing eyes she came to find herself occasionally swimming in were as cold and dark as the Black Sea. There was something about the way his hands moved and jerked with the words - that made him look like he was conducting a violently precise orchestra. Perhaps that's what we were to him, individuals playing their respective instruments, laced with our own desire for vengeance or power- to accumulate to his symphony of orderly chaos. And my god did it sound beautifully terrifying."Rosier and Avery will be in charge of casting self-protection wards on each of us to mitigate any chance of minor injury, he has already been given the resources to execute this...Any trace of our blood or evidence of injury could be held against us by the ministry..."She knew there was a darkness within Tom, but perhaps that's why she was drawn to him -because whatever damned wickedness lay beneath his perfectly chiselled surface, she shared too. Eleanor had a feeling that if they peeled back their skin to reveal the worst, most abhorrent parts of each other's twisted minds, they would look identical. Different scars perhaps, but the same cursed wounds that festered and turned into dangerous flesh beneath. Maybe that's what scared her the most. That no matter how far his taste for order and violent delights went, she would still follow him to the depths of hell with a smile on her face and a flutter in her heart.
  And that's when she realised.
A coldness crept through her body and her warm blood was replaced with ice-cold serum. For better or worse, for richer or poorer and even in death, she was devoted to the man before her. Call it possession, the finest act of devilry clothed in the softest silk. Although it was morbid, she hoped for the kind release of death, for Eleanor could not know what sins she would commit to stay by his side and even worse - what atrocities he would conduct just for her. After all, he had already battered and broken Bertie McLaggan within an inch of death and sent many Aurors into eternal rest in Italy. She knew on some level he had a taste for it, Avada Kadavra sounded like a prayer when it was from his lips and she didn't miss the way his eyes filled with lustful satisfaction afterwards. But she also was aware that their connection ran deep and he did those things partly for her.
  And she liked that.
Was she insane? Evil even for admitting such a vile thought...maybe. But there was still enough good in her to realise although she was already going to hell, the things she would do for Tom went beyond damnation - and that struck an unparalleled terror into her."The distraction will be timed exactly for 10:00 pm, I'll place an imperious curse upon a member of the crowd and the already heavily subdued crowd will be subjected to the diversion while we round up our targets..."Eleanor loved him.A silent gasp left her lips and a faint welling began in her eyes as she was met with the cruel realisation that underpinned her thoughts. She was Lilith, looking upon Lucifer and ready to betray it all just for him."Finally, Mulciber will be carrying a portkey, which will be used for the quick escape, we only leave when the job is done. Not a second sooner or later..."And that's when she came to the conclusion that there was no way she could leave that ball alive. Because devotion to the devil is worse than any damnation she could ever be subjected to in the afterlife. Alas, she would have to become a martyr to save herself from her own heart's trappings and perhaps save him from the things he would do for her.For a small moment in time, she thought perhaps she had a future after taking her revenge. That maybe, Tom was right about having something else to live for other than family. But what better way to die than for a love that she couldn't bear to witness crumble? With one final look at the man she would regretfully miss, so enraptured by his own ascension, Eleanor Grindelwald decided on her own demise.
  "We will have the aid of many senior members of the ministry who sympathise with our cause in attendance. They have vowed to assist where they can - but I have made it clear they will not be relied upon...we need to begin strengthening our network of the great families and executing this in front of them will give us the gravitas we need to..."
Tom must have sensed something change within her because he stopped mid-speech to take in her appearance. Mouth slightly agape, eyes welled with tears and looking at him like she was already saying her last goodbye. His darkened gaze tore through her disposition in confusion and he even stumbled for a moment on his words. But what happened next pulled them all out of their own thoughts and back into reality.The sound of a firing curse spiralled straight towards Tom, who, just in the nick of time managed to deflect it. Suddenly their wands raised, and their eyes manically searched the thick black horizon that surrounded them, looking for the source of the affront. A speeding figure ran across from one distant tree to another and it became very clear they were not alone.Her frantic eyes examined the woods in front of her and gradually she saw the outline of a figure make its way through the thick darkness that encapsulated them. The wand in her hand stiffened and her jaw clenched, attempting to squint at the unknown intruder."Show yourself!" she yelled out, and the others turned in her direction to survey the body that was closing in.Her heart began beating faster when it didn't respond and just kept moving forward, so her fearful reflexes acted before her head and she shot a curse through the darkness at it."Woah...Woah easy now!" a voice called from the woods, it was a man by the sounds of it.As the figure emerged into the light of the roaring fire, her arm slightly relaxed but it still remained pointed at him. The illumination of red hair and a slightly shocked freckled face came into view and as it did, she felt Tom approach next to her, inching slightly in front."What the fuck do you think you're doing here DuPont?" Tom scathed at him before she could address the boy.A small bout of amusement flickered over his face. Eleanor ran her gaze over his red quidditch uniform, dirty and sweaty like he'd just played a match."I could ask you the same question, Riddle" Felix replied, his voice was casual but there was a slight intimidating edge to the way he addressed Tom that made her think they had risen their wands at one another before.Tom's face relaxed and sent a patronising glare his way, "You should know by now the forbidden Forrest is no place for students. Go, before I make you sorry you were here," his threat was laced with venom and a flicker of fear ran through Felix's chestnut eyes."It's an odd place to be for any student on Friday night...I'd of assumed it was one of Lestrange's debauched parties but since there's no alcohol or attractive women...I'd say you were up to something" he sneered.Eleanor rolled her eyes at the dig and a grimace covered her features in annoyance.Theodore stepped forward, lowering his wand with an amused grin playing on his lips, "Perhaps you should mind your own filthy muggle business DuPont...you know well what happens to those who meddle in affairs they ought not to"Felix chuckled slightly, "It's odd, isn't it? A terrorist spy, a radical Head Boy and a troop of rich - but slow henchman...all in the thick of the forbidden forest. Very suspicious indeed...""Perhaps even more suspicious is a Mudblood traipsing around a forest alone..." Tom spat, his hand slightly shaking with the untameable desire to cut him down and curse him.The sound of sticks breaking behind Felix began to rustle and the shadows of more figures within the tree line began to become more clear.The redhead chuckled, "You don't think I would come alone do you?" his big mouth twisted into a satisfied smile as the rest of the quidditch team emerged from the thick. "We were at practice tonight and noticed the smoke coming from the woods...we thought it was our duty to investigate...after all, there is still a killer on the loose" his gaze was directly pointed at Tom, almost in a suggestive manner.When Eleanor turned to him in confusion, he didn't seem to be affected by the words and instead, simply looked full of agitated rage. Suddenly a figure to the left pulled her out of her thoughts. Bertie McLaggan came to stand nearby, still with the remnants of some bandages but nowhere near as battered as when she last saw him before the break. A cold shiver ran down her spine as she took in his furious eyes that were directed straight into hers.
  Oh fuck.
She wanted desperately to look away, but she couldn't. It was as if her whole body had frozen in electrifying fear and her mind began reeling with memories that she thought she had repressed enough to never see again.
  "Get off me!" she screamed, consciousness beginning to seep back into her as she fought against his hand again. He pulled her tighter and this time, pushed her into the wall with her back facing his violent body. She felt him reach closely into her.
"Well, now you see it was just us...you can kindly fuck off before I give you all a detention...As you said, I am Head Boy" Tom dismissed them with a sharp tone, flickering his gaze over to Eleanor and then to Bertie. The grip on his wand tightened and his eyes narrowed at the pathetic boy in the corner - daring him to look at her for a second longer.
  But he didn't stop.
"Oh, I don't think we'll be doing that anytime soon..." Felix replied, taking another step forward glancing over to Eleanor - who was still in a horrified trance."There is some business we have with little Grindelwald here...as I understand it - she attacked the Minister of Magic's Son in a stairwell. That's fucking stupid even for terrorist scum like you darling..."Before he could even finish the sentence, Tom fired a killing curse at the boy, which almost nipped him before he managed to jump out of its way."Awwww isn't that sweet! Found yourself a pretty boyfriend Grindelwald? Maybe you'll share a cell in Azkaban one day?..." he taunted her from the ground. But her gaze stayed glued to Berties, who was inching forward with the others and closing in on them.Suddenly Tom's hand extended out in front of her,"As soon as the fight breaks out, get out of here" he growled in a low voice to her.She swallowed down hard, annoyance growing at his demand of her, "I can't let him get away with it...I can't-""If you don't fucking run Elle - I will make you"But it was too late and Felix fired another curse straight at Eleanor, who deflected it instantly. Curses began shooting in every direction, maiming anything in their path including the trunks of trees. But Eleanor had no interest in fighting anyone but Bertie, who began darting for cover behind a distant tree, as Tom sent a violent imperious at him."No, Eleanor!" he shouted from behind her as she ran after him, ducking and dodging as many incoming spells as she could. His eyes trailed after the stupid girl who now ran into the thick of the darkness but Tom soon became distracted as Felix honed in on him.She ran, sending a fireball hurtling towards his back as he rounded another tree."Keep running McLaggan, I've got all night!" she screamed after him. But as she rounded the corner he was gone.And she found herself alone, in the forest - far from anyone else. Her breathing staggered as she whipped her head around manically trying to detect any sound or movement around her. But it was dark and all she could hear was the distant sound of owls and screeching crows.Suddenly, a hand clutched around her mouth and pushed her up against a tree. He attempted to snatch her wand but she held it safely between her stomach and the bark of the trunk where he couldn't grab it without releasing her. His grip triggered a vision to whirl into her mind.
  "Please" she began, a tear coming down her cheek and she forced herself forward again, against his grip. But in response, he wrapped a rough hand around her mouth, pressing her head to the wall and began to sweep her skirt to the side, before pausing, seeing the lacy white underwear.
Eleanor felt his hot breath flurry into her ear."Did you miss me Grindelwald?" he cooed with a sickening grin.Another memory flashed through her;
  "No! No..." she protested, with more tears falling from her welled eyes as she felt him pull up her dress from behind and begin to drag down her underwear.
Gasping, she swung her foot back straight into his knee, managing to wriggle out of his grip and turn to face him with her wand extended to his nose."Oh, I missed you Bertie...in fact you've been in my dreams every fucking night" she spat back as he raised his wand at her menacingly, "and you know what? I can't help but fantasise about watching you...", with a flick of her hand, the tree behind him alit with a roaring fire, " writhe in pain as I burn you alive."He stepped out of the way, trying to disguise his confusion at how she managed to conjure such a large flame with wandless magic.She smiled at him sweetly, registering the bewilderment in his face, "I'm glad you came to see me actually...I can't wait to show you what I'm really like - without being put half to sleep."He fired a slicing curse at her and she reflected it, sending another one back at him with more force.He coughed slightly at the smoke coming off the flaming tree, "Oh, I prefer you when you're docile darling" Bertie sent another hex flying at her, "and I promise I'll enjoy you before I kill you, since we were so rudely interrupted last time"She bit back the sour taste in her mouth and lunged forward, hurling a cruciatus straight at him, he staggered and blocked it, but only just."You're really not as scary as your little boyfriend are you dear? I'm afraid he won't be here to save you tonight..." he sent a cruciatus back at her and this time it caught her on the shoulder. "I'll show you scary, you little cunt."Her body was momentarily sent into excruciating pain, all her organs felt as if they were on fire and her bones were bending in every extremity of her body. But luckily, it was weak and only lasted a few seconds.
  She wasn't so lucky in her past and in that moment she actually thanked Belgaire Argyle, because this time, she could handle it.
Screaming, Eleanor launched up off the ground and shot a slicing curse straight at his head - which cut a deep gash right across his face, causing it to run with thick crimson.She let out a menacing laugh, her body still twitching from the torture, "I'm going to slice you up so bad, your precious father won't even be able to recognise your pathetic face."He grimaced through the searing pain and sent another hex towards her, but she ducked behind a tree and the strong trunk reverberated as it hit the other side.The fight went on like this for several minutes, with every dark sickening spell she cast at him, he seemed to conjure a defence. But he was losing and she could tell - because he hardly attacked her anymore and simply scrambled backwards, waving shield after shield in front of her.Suddenly, he levitated a rock from behind her and struck her across the cheek, with a deafening smack. Leaving a bloody wound on the right-hand side of her face and a feeling that surely cracked her teeth. In that moment of weakness, her wand was shot out of her hand and he caught it triumphantly.Her eyes widened as she watched him throw her wand over his head. With a predatory grin and a panting chest, he slowly stalked over to her like a starved lion about to feed. As he held up his wand to her face, his mouth - which was painted with the blood of the fresh slash - widened into an amused laugh."I can't wait to finish off inside you" he drawled in a raspy, crazed voice, pressing his wand to her forehead, "and then watch the light leave your fucking eyes."Eleanor snarled at him and snapped her hand up to grab his wrist, twisting it downwards into an unnatural bend. His other hand lurched forward to her neck but she managed to snatch the wand out of his grip and force it into his gut. His grip around her throat now tightened with both of his hands, and his hazel eyes glinted with fiery rage as he squeezed her neck. Eleanor let out a large wheezing sound, unable to articulate a spell. Her head began to feel light as her throat was caved inwards. She let out a high-pitched croak as blackened spots filled her vision and for the first time in her life, she was sure she was going to die.But just the thought entered her mind, she managed one final ounce of energy to lift up her wand and send it directly into his left eye, digging into it to make a cavernous hole, until it was lodged in there. His grip all of a sudden loosened with a guttural scream from his lips and she dropped to the floor, wheezing for a breath. Quickly, she scrambled back, desperately flattering in the dirt to find her wand that was discarded while he was distracted."You fucking bitch! That's my eye!" Bertie yelped, falling to the ground. He reached up to touch his rigidly straight wand tenderly with shaking fingers, afraid to pull it out, "You'll fucking pay for this..."Eleanor's dirty fingernails felt the boney surface of her wand and immediately she whipped up, holding it out in front of him as he knelt, writhing in pain, screaming every profanity under the sun at her. Her lips panted and she felt a numb ache in her jaw and neck as she took in the horrific sight of the boy in front of her. As he looked up - with his one functioning eye - she gave him a smirk completely devoid of any sympathy."All you had to do was be a gentleman Bertie and we could have been friends..." she sighed, throwing a hex at him and knocking him clean out, falling to the ground with a thud.Trembling slightly, she walked back towards the clearing, with Bertie's unconscious body levitating behind her. Eleanor sighed in relief when she saw the faint glow of the fire and the softened laughter of Theodore. As she approached, she saw a sight she was unfortunately now used to. A pile of limp bodies lying on the floor surrounded by panting, bleeding boys.Her eyes skimmed those standing and she was glad to count five, not too battered friends before her. But her brow furrowed upon realising that there was a sixth missing...
  Where was Tom?
She opened her mouth to call out and ask, but before she could, a cutting voice sounded from behind her."Are you completely fucking mad?"Eleanor whipped around to see Tom a few meters away. He was remarkably intact as if he didn't fight at all - bar the small speck of dirt on his collar. His features were contorted into an expression that could only be described as a frightening mix between fury and unhinged panic. Tom's wild piercing gaze littered over her face, taking in the deep gash on her cheek and the dirt all over her robes."I told you to run as soon as it started...and what did you do? You fucking did the opposite - practically knocking on death's door! I have seen you do a lot of ridiculously insane things Eleanor, but this was by far the most profoundly stupid, reckless-"Eleanor cut him off by grabbing his collar and crashing her lips into his -silencing whatever angered words he was about to deal at her. He seemed to take a moment to register the unexpected move but after a few moments, responded fiercely by kissing her back with such force that she had to gasp for air. Her hands tangled into his hair and his cold ones gripped the sides of her face. It was a hungry kiss, one that said a million things they were too scared to voice aloud. But mostly, it said 'I'm glad you're safe'.Eventually, she pulled back, watching as his lips went pink at the touch. Tom simply stared at her for a moment, with widened, deep eyes that hooked into hers."Shut up and help me clean this mess up," she demanded softly, her voice slightly raspy as she gestured towards Bertie McLaggan's floating body and bloody face, "I promise you can yell at me as much as you like later on."He seemed to recover and let out a laboured breath, before clenching his jaw tightly. Eleanor knew she was still in trouble by the way his glare returned to warn her that he was not done with their conversation. But as he began to survey the damage of the body, his expression softened at the sight of the battered boy. She even swore his mouth twitched up slightly at the sight of his eye, which was well and truly ruined forever and perhaps he even looked proud."If you two are quite done over there..." Theodore called out from the fire with a teasing grin, "We have a very comprehensive quidditch brawl to orchestrate... not to mention, a fuck tonne of obliviating to do..."Theodore sent a devilish wink to Eleanor and she glanced downwards at her muddy shoes, as her cheeks filled with blush. Tom simply strode away with a huff laced in what she assumed was utter embarrassment and residual anger.She loved him and it was going to get her killed one day - but at this moment all she could do was smile like an idiot and follow his lead down to the others - and pray to god they could get out of this situation without being expelled.
  
    Chapter Text
     
  "You taste like heaven, 

  but god knows you're built for sin"

  -Framing Hanley
 
  ***
 An eruption of cheerful screams sounded as Ludo whipped straight above their heads chasing the snitch, causing a rush of cold air to sweep past them. Eleanor and Ezra clutched at each other anxiously, watching his every move as he jolted forward at record speed, flying directly for the base of the Ravenclaw grandstand."Go, Lu! Go!" Ezra yelled, eyes full of pride and voice hoarse after the hour-long game.The quidditch grand final had been expedited a week early due to Gryffindor being unfortunately disqualified last week - something that had never happened in the history of Hogwarts quidditch. Apparently, they had been found by the groundskeeper in the forbidden forest on Saturday morning, passed out from a party that had turned into a nasty brawl. Eleanor heard it was so rough that none of them even remembered leaving practice and Bertie McLaggan was even left half-blind from the fight. She couldn't help but grin at the news when it broke. Eleanor had to hand it to Theodore, who had carefully designed the crime scene, sparing no detail. Fire whiskey bottles empty and strewn around the clearing, bloodied fists and even a few put out spliffs for good measure. In fact, the orchestration that came from his twisted mind was so profoundly well executed that the professors didn't question it in the slightest when they were deliberating the punishment. He may not have been top of any class but the boy was an excellent trouble maker and an even better liar.Something that Eleanor could not help but find incredibly endearing."Yes Ludo, don't let Lennon get at it!" Ezra shouted again as if he could hear a thing over the elated crowd. Esther Lennon came zooming forward, attempting to dislodge Ludo from the chase. She could see Theodore watching from the goalposts and smiling down at the girl as she inched forward next to his friend - almost as if he was more than happy to lose to her.But in the nick of time, Ludo lurched forward and crashing into the crowd of second years emerged with the snitch in his hand and a triumphant grin on his face."Avery has caught the snitch! The winners of the 1944 Hogwarts Quidditch championship are Slytherin! Well done all, fantastic game!" the loudspeaker chanted and the crowd began to descend into a crescendo of boo's mixed with delighted cheers.They screamed in excitement and Eleanor wrapped Ezra into a joyous hug."He did it! My Ludo!" Ezra chanted.Eleanor laughed and watched in wonder as the team sent a flurry of green confetti and streamers flying into the air, covering the grandstands in the violent shade of emerald.The Slytherin common room was filled with the drunken jovial cheering of the students. Ludo was swung up to the top of his teammates shoulders stretching the golden quidditch cup into the air, which had a large silver snake wrapped around the stem. Theodore jumped up onto one of the tables and extended out a glass in the seeker's honour and the crowd hushed at the sight."To my dear friend Ludo, a great seeker, an even better friend but most of all a bloody legend!...May we never go to hell, but always be on our way!" he toasted, jeering his glass into the air."And may the path to hell be paved with fortune!" they all screamed back, sculling the glasses in unison. The music was promptly turned back on and the crowd descended into a foray of drunken dancing, singing and debauchery - which of course was somewhat expected.As she sat next to Ezra and Ludo by the fire who were currently testing how far they could stick each other's tongues down their throats. Her eyes skimmed the crowd, searching for a familiar mess of raven hair and a piercing set of azure eyes. "He's not here" Abraxas called out from a chair opposite to her.She blushed at the embarrassment of being so utterly predictable that even her cousin knew who she was longingly looking for. Her brows knitted together to disguise the disappointment that followed his words."Why? He's always at these things isn't he?"The blonde boy smirked, lighting a cigarette and taking a drag before he answered, "Apparently he's too busy with this ball shit, but if I didn't know him any better - I'd say he's just too good for this rowdy crowd...I don't blame him it's positively chaotic with the riff raff in here...I mean who let the Hufflepuffs in? It's bloody embarrassing..."Eleanor nodded, looking over at the highly inebriated, stumbling people that filled the room - who had been more than likely drinking since midday.
The more sensible part of her mind tried desperately not to care, but she could feel him withdrawing from her slightly and that made her uneasy. Ever since the night in the forest, he had barely said a few words to her and was constantly either caught up in 'Head Boy duties' or buried in the pages of a book. Clearly, Tom was avoiding her, but why? Perhaps, she had pushed him too far? Kissing him like that in public was bold, she knew that - but something within her told her they should be past that by now.
Maybe he sensed the way she felt about him? Eleanor would never admit to him that she loved him of course. That would be an entirely awful idea, but he was good at reading people and much to her dislike, he could read her like a book.She was pulled out of her thoughts as Charlotte came to sit next to her, eyeing Abraxas with a small, secretive grin."Having fun?" she asked us, with her characteristic whimsical tone.Eleanor glanced down at her empty glass, and shook her head "No not really..."Charlotte put a sympathetic hand on hers in silent agreement with a nod.Eleanor sighed as she took in the longing, tortured gaze that Abraxas was sending to the girl next to her, "Merlin...Why don't you two go and dance? Honestly, nobody is going to care at this stage...it'll be a miracle if any of these people actually remember the match let alone this party..."Abraxas looked around, actually considering her words. He surveyed the crowd for any sign of Octavia and Charlotte's eyes anxiously followed them, not finding any trace of the white-blonde hair in the distance. "Oh please," she scoffed rolling her eyes at them, "Octavia's probably in our room getting absolutely railed to death by Caspian...you're safe to bloody dance with each other"Her cousin simply grimaced at Eleanor's visceral choice of words and offered Charlotte a small nod, before downing the rest of his drink and offering his hand out to her. She took it instantly with a wide smile, before being dragged off into the thick of the dance floor.Eleanor's eyes followed them and she watched how Abraxas seemed to soften with her company. His normally sharp, unforgiving glare was replaced with a strange sense of boyish admiration and his hands found their place over the silky dark skin of her back in nothing short of a loving embrace. They danced effortlessly, ignoring everyone else in the room - eyes trained to one another and savouring the moment. Eleanor was so busy watching the couple with delight, that she didn't even notice a figure sitting down beside her and following her gaze."They're in love, aren't they?" Octavia's voice sounded from beside her.Her eyes widened and her mouth opened slightly in shock as she turned to see her cousin, looking over at the happy couple dancing. Abraxas had Charlotte in a tight grip and was currently dipping her dangerously low to the floor, all while laughing as they had never seen him before. Eleanor wanted to lie and say that she had forced Abraxas to dance with Charlotte on account of social decency...but no words left her mouth.
  She didn't want to lie anymore. Especially to Octavia.
"Yes, I believe they are..." Eleanor finally managed out, sincerity shining in her eyes and conviction in her voice.Octavia's gaze dragged down to her dainty fingers in her lap and a look of hurt came across her features, "Do you think perhaps she didn't tell me because she doesn't trust me?"She laughed slightly in disbelief, reaching for her cousin's hands, pulling them into her own in comfort."Charlotte loves you more than anything O and so does Abraxas, in his own - emotionally stunted - way. They didn't tell you because they couldn't bear to risk that to change..."She smiled up at Eleanor, trailing her eyes back to the couple, "I'm glad they make each other happy... I only wish the same for you."Now it was Eleanor's turn to look down, disguising whatever emotions could peak through the inebriated features of her face."Maybe...one day...." she sighed, leaning into Octavia's shoulder and letting her cousin engulf her into a hug.An hour later, the party waged on and Eleanor stood up, stumbling towards the quiet respite of the girl's dormitories. She was tired of looking towards the common room entrance like a desperate fool, waiting to see Tom enter and meet her gaze. The alcohol that swam in her bloodstream wasn't enough to delude her from her heartache of him avoiding her. He wasn't coming - and she knew why.
  He didn't love her.
Slowly, she turned the doorknob of her door but turned suddenly at the sound of someone bounding up the stairs, calling out to her in a drunken melodic song.She squinted as Theodore's hazy eyes found hers as he panted up the stairs, "Grindelwald! There you are!" he called, almost spilling the contents of the bottle in his hand."Theo," she grinned, taking in his drunken demeanour and ever present charming smile, "I'm afraid I'm done for the night... count me out of whatever you're planning.""I need to talk to you... most urgently" he proclaimed,  with a look of dazed yet certain judgement. "Is everything okay? Did something happen with Esther? I saw you two tonight, by the looks of it everything was going well..."He reached forward without answering, opening the door of her room and gesturing for her to enter it as if he owned the place. Her brows knitted together as she followed his silent instruction and went to sit on the bed, flicking off her shoes and then crossing her arms at the strangeness of the request."God, you haven't knocked some poor girl up have you?" she teased him, trying to break the odd tension with a jeer. "No...worse than that" he muttered, as he staggered slightly and approached her by the bedframe, placing the half-empty bottle of vodka onto the nightstand.She raised a brow as he dropped to his knees in front of her and took her left hand in his. Theodore gently gave the emerald ring a kiss before looking up at her with eyes full of guilt."Theodore, what on Earth are you doing? This isn't a confessional," Eleanor said, eyes wide - desperately trying to blink past the firewhiskey that clouded her vision to understand whatever was occurring.He sighed almost as if he were full of regret and then began to explain in a low, practised voice, "I know this will come as a shock Eleanor... but I have a duty to my family...to the Lestrange house to find a wife worth the name"The realisation came upon her at what he was doing and she shot him a look laced with warning, "Theo-""I know you don't want this Eleanor but I also know your family expects it of you too...I promise if we...marry...I can give you everything you've ever wanted. Many homes, a good name in British society, someone that cares about you..." his pleading eyes looked up to hers and his tone was strained, desperate to appeal to her.She shook her head, her heart beating faster with every word, "Please don't do this...I know your parents have put you up to this. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do..."He gripped her hand a little tighter, "I have no choice Eleanor...they're not taking no for an answer this time. I know you have this thing with Riddle and I would never come between you two. He could live with us if you even wanted! Or you could live with him, away from me. I wouldn't mind...it would only be marriage on paper. There would be no rules, I would expect nothing of you, I swear..." his voice was pleading now and she could tell he hated what he was being made to do.He didn't want this, and she knew it.Eleanor pulled him up to his feet and guided him to sit onto the bed with her, taking his hands into hers, What about Esther? I know you love her...I see you together, I see how you care about her."Theodore looked down, burying his shaking head beneath the curtain of his curls, "She may be a pureblood but she is not highborn like us, my parents would never allow it."Eleanor lifted her hand and placed it on his cheek, raising it so she could see his face and smiled at him sympathetically."We could never make each other happy Theodore! You would go off drinking and gambling and I would continue to be hellbent and mad forever...I'm a mess Theodore surely you know that by now? I'm fucking mental. I've done awful things to good people. I'm not anyone's ideal wife, I'm broken and no one can ever put me back together-"He gently raised his hand to hold hers that rested on his cheek and gave her one more pleading look, "Eleanor, you know I adore you, we would grow to care for each other and accept each-""You deserve someone who truly loves you, Theodore. You deserve someone that makes you happy and will drink and dance and laugh with you until the end...maybe even give you children that are just as ridiculously troublesome as you! I'm not that person, I'm much too broken much too damaged to ever be able to make a happy wife."His head bent in solemn defeat, nodding in acceptance."I'm sorry Eleanor, I really am. I knew what your answer would be-I don't know what to tell my parents...they're being particularly hard line about this,"She nodded in understanding taking the bottle that he placed on the nearby table and taking a swig of the strong liquid, feeling the burn in her throat. They sat together in silence for a moment, contemplating their options."How about we tell them that we are taking it slow until the end of school? Then, after the ball we can figure something out...Tell them you want to focus on your grades...tell them whatever will temporarily shut them up..."A small, soft grin returned to his dark features and as he took the bottle back from her, he stroked her cheek affectionately, "I adore you, Eleanor. You really are the greatest friend a damned man like me could ever have""I adore you too, I promise we'll work something out"
  ***
Her cold, bare feet ran across the stone floor of the castle as she approached the staircase that led to the second floor. She had absolutely no idea what she was doing, but she knew she had to see him. To talk to someone about what had just happened. Perhaps it was the shock of being proposed to so suddenly, or perhaps it was simply the fact that she was drunk enough to admit to herself that she missed him dearly. Whatever it was, it lead her to the door of the room of requirement.The door appeared at the end of the corridor and without knocking, she barged in with wide eyes and a slight glow from the inebriation. Unsurprisingly, Tom sat in his usual chair holding a book,  jolting slightly at her intrusion - clearly not expecting any visitors at this late hour.His eyes dragged over her bashful face, green dress and down to her bare feet with a hitched brow,  "Do you ever knock?""I need a drink" she proclaimed, ignoring his agitated expression and heading straight for the whiskey bottle on the bar cart."The last thing you look like you need is a drink, Eleanor" he quipped from behind her in a gruff voice. It was true, but she was well beyond the sensibilities of sobriety right now. At this moment, she needed to drink.Eleanor took the whole bottle and a glass and sat down opposite him in her usual seat, pouring herself a very generous serving and then filling his own glass too. The book in his hands remained ignored as he stared at her, with a piercing glare that examined her odd disposition. "Have you ever been proposed to?" she asked, taking a large sip of the whiskey she had helped herself to.A small trace of amusement met his eyes, "Only in bed..."Eleanor scowled at the comment rolling her eyes, trying not to let her mind wander at how many women he had actually slept with - and which one of them asked. The memory of a pretty blonde entered her mind, but she pushed it away along with the envy that chased it. "Well, I'm sure you can imagine it's not very enjoyable, especially when you're drunk and the one asking is fucking Theodore Lestrange."He didn't seem surprised at the news and simply kept regarding her with a clinical, quizzical glare that she came to despise.  "So what did you say?" he replied, in an uncaring monotonous voice."No, of course" she scoffed, taking another drink."Why?"Eleanor tried to disguise the hurt that arose within her as she registered his lack of interest, "Call me crazy Tom but I think if one is to enter a lifelong union with someone - it should be with a person you actually love."She let out an empty laugh and reached for the bottle, filling up the cup to its original volume - seemingly needing every drop she could get before he inevitably took the bottle away from her. Tom raised an eyebrow at her and a glint of amusement shone in his piercing glare, "You can't actually believe that love is real...""Of course I believe it's real, I've seen it" she spat, a little too quickly."Such a woman" he sighed, shaking his head and turning back to his book, "I would've hoped you had learnt something useful from those Austen books - in the least how to say yes to a decent proposal."Her brow furrowed at his response and she took a moment to register it in bewilderment before returning a reply."Sorry...Are you suggesting I should've accepted Theodore's proposal?"Tom tried his best to maintain the nonchalance he was delivering to her, but she swore his jaw clenched and his fist balled at his side. "Well it makes logical sense...he would let you do whatever you pleased, as long as you could accept he would be entirely unfaithful... you would get the security of his wealth and his name-""I've already got the security of money and status so there's no real incentive in it for me" Eleanor replied harshly, not believing the words coming out of his mouth. She softened slightly in an attempt to justify them without revealing her hurt, "besides...he deserves someone who actually loves him, don't you think?""I suppose... if you care about those things" he sighed in a dismissive tone, obviously not too interesting in the topic of discussion.She tilted her head to the side and leant forward, "And what? You don't...care about those things?"Tom looked up at her in an act of exhaustion, as if being entirely bored of the conversation at hand, "There are plenty of things I care about Eleanor, but love is not one of them."He said it like a dirty word as if it was singularly the most revolting thing on the planet - but she didn't back down."Am I one of the things you care about?" she fired back, emboldened by the alcohol in her bloodstream and the tension in the air.His gaze sharpened for a moment, running over every detail of her face, "Is that what you want?"She rolled her eyes at his attempt at deflection, "Just answer the question. Do you care about me, Tom?""Don't be ridiculous Eleanor, drink some water and go to bed for god's sake" he dismissed her with a patronising huff, returning his attention to the pages of his book and ignoring her once again.The gesture was a silent invitation to leave, but she wouldn't budge.
  Not this time.
She let out an empty laugh at his stubborn arrogance, shot up out of her chair and moved towards him with a searing glare. Eleanor reached forward and grabbed the book in his hands throwing it on the floor behind her. Tom looked up at her with a dangerous warning in his eyes and a stern jaw. Before he could berate her for the act, she suddenly moved to sit down on top of him, spreading her legs on either side of his waist on the armchair - holding his harsh glare as she did.If looks could kill, they would both be six feet under."What are you do-" he began, but she cut him off."I don't believe you." Eleanor replied in a hard voice, making sure she sunk down directly on top of his crotch.He raised a brow at her and a look of irritation ran through his features, "Of course you don't...""Would you care if I married Theodore tomorrow and let him touch me where you have touched?" her voice was low and tempting and her eyes held his with a look laced with conviction and newfound lust. She lifted his hand, which had instinctively fallen to the side of her waist and placed it at the soft skin of her neck. "Like here," she watched as he swallowed down hard, but seemed to narrow his eyes more at her. Eleanor ignored his burning glare and slowly lifted up the skirt of her dress, revealing her underwear."Or here..." she said, taking his hand to skim over the centre of her nickers.
  Again, no answer.
"What if I put my lips on his, softly like this..." Eleanor leant in and placed a hot, wet kiss on his neck, just below his jugular vein. She get him stiffen at the contact, but he still didn't answer and continued to watch her with scathing intent."Could you take it, Tom? If I knelt down and tasted him?" her fingers began to trace the outline of his erection underneath his trousers and slowly pulled down the zipper. Tom's face was murderous like he was fresh on a spree and she was his first kill.But Eleanor simply smiled back at him sweetly, running a thumb over his soft pink lips while she massaged him below. With an amused glint in her eye, she leant down into his ear, letting her teeth graze the soft cartilage."What if it's his name I call when I'm asked who I belong to? Would you care then?"Something behind his eyes flashed violently and she could tell the words had sunken into his heart and pulled tightly. "You would be a very quick widow" he growled, one hand gripping her throat forcing her face over to his and the other, pressing his palm into her centre creating tension in the touch.She smirked into his harsh glare, satisfied by his response."Then say it...tell me you care!" she commanded, feeling the pressure of his grip underneath her jaw increase slightly.His handsome features were contorted into a pained scowl and she knew there was a war to rival those of the Iliad behind his eyes. It was that same look she had come to recognise as his own personal brand of torture. Beneath his piercing glare, the line of love and hate was being drawn and contested over and over - ripping him apart in the process. A faint ember seemed to flicker in his eyes as it did and with this, she knew that she had a chance.When he didn't respond, she slowly crept out of his grip and slid down to her knees in between his legs on the floor. The war waged on in his mind as her hands came to his thighs and her fingers painted electric shocks onto his exposed skin above the opened zipper."Tell me that you like it when I kiss you" she demanded in a soft demure voice, forcing down his trousers and underwear a little and planting a wet kiss on his hardness that was revealed.His brow furrowed and for the first time in her life, she saw Tom Riddle lost for words."I...""Tell me that you like it when I taste you," she looked up at his tortured face through her thick lashes and ran her hot tongue in a wet line up his shaft, not breaking the eye contact. As she licked the tip, it twitched slightly at the sensation of her hot breath and her tongue was met with a salty gleam."Fucking hell Elle you will be the death of me" he moaned into the feeling with insatiable agitation in his voice, throwing his head back."That's not an answer" she replied back silkily, dipping her mouth into his tip to tease him once more, swirling her tongue around it agonisingly slowly."I...I can't say it!" he spat, his piercing eyes sending tortured daggers into hers.She paused as hurt overcame her features. For a brief moment, it looked like she may cry. But before he could react and take it back, she recovered from the reaction and began to stand.Tom thought she was going to assault him with a string of verbal abuse and leave, but she didn't. Instead, she stepped forward onto the couch and sunk down, straddling him again. A heated pulse ran through her as she felt his exposed hard cock graze against the thin cotton of her underwear. She took hold of the collar of his shirt with a strong grip and pulled him towards her."Then tell me you don't care about me Tom...Lie to me like you lie so well to all the others..." her voice was low and her eyes were daring.
  It was a threat.
Perhaps if she was sober, she would've given up by now - but she could see the want flicker in his eyes. It was the smallest warmth, and that's all she needed as a green light. Slowly, she began to grind down onto him, sending shivers down his spine and finally, breaking his spirit."Fucking hell. Fine!" he yelled, gripping his hand at her throat and pulling her face so close to his, that the tips of their noses were almost touching."I hate you...but I care about you. I care about you so much that I hate you. I care about you morning, noon and night and sometimes even more! I care about you when I shouldn't and sometimes it almost gets me killed...But for some reason, I don't give a fuck about that. Because I care about you so much Elle, that I would go to the depths of hell to replace satan if it meant having you!" his roaring, raspy voice grazed her eardrums but blessed her soul. The words were electrifying, like with every one that came out of his mouth, a fresh spark was sent into her, exploding her heart."I care about you too" she replied with soft conviction and a tear slipped down her cheek. Although they may have seemed menial to someone else, the words meant so much to them. They carried every glance, fight, scream, kiss and touch they had ever shared and even more.
She knew that he would never tell her he loved her. In fact, he had made it quite clear that he wasn't capable of the emotion let alone believed in its existence. But that didn't matter, because she loved him and he cared about her.And in a sick, twisted way that was even better, because she knew from his hateful confession that he had never felt the same way about anyone else.His movements were verging on violent, as he picked her up and dragged her over to the bed in the corner, slamming her down. His hands pushed up the fabric of her dress and then removed her black underwear in one fluid movement. She had never seen him so utterly possessed before, as if he was on the brink of madness, or brutality... or both."Don't you ever do that to me again" he demanded, gripping her fleshy thighs tightly."Do what? Ask you to tell the truth?" she scoffed, filling her features with a disobedient grin."Try to take control...there are consequences for such actions" he drawled running a finger down her open thigh and skimming it over her wet cunt, "and I don't think you're ready for them.""Your such an arrogant arsehole" she replied, desperately trying to hide the gasp in her voice at his sudden touch."Am I now?" he leaned forward and placed a hot kiss on her folds, sending a jolt of ecstasy through her. She bit back a moan that threatened to escape her lips and instinctually, she arched her back. His hands were placed on either side of the insides of her thighs, splaying her out completely in front of his hungry eyes. If she wasn't so aroused the position would surely send her into a fit of embarrassment.But not tonight."Yes, you're a complete..." her breath hitched as she felt his tongue graze her, "fucking prick."He let out a low muffled laugh from beneath her and the vibration of his mouth against her skin felt akin to the most painful form of pleasure."Really?" another swipe of his tongue went over her and settled on her sensitive clit, gliding over it menacingly."Yes," she sighed before she felt the sensation of a digit slip into her and begin to agonisingly pump in and out, slightly stretching her walls as it did. His mouth was still dedicated to her clit, sucking it and sending her into a flurry of overwhelming pleasure."Oh my...fuck" Eleanor moaned, giving up on the charade of self-control. She forced her head back into the mattress, letting the feeling wash over her."Who makes you feel this way Eleanor huh?" he teased from below, curling his finger in and massaging the growing tension within her. She momentarily, couldn't answer as she was overcome with the pain of the building tension within her, climbing to greater thresholds as he moved."Y..You do""Mmmm and who else?"She let out a small gasp, gripping at the sheets underneath her, "No one!""Good girl, now tell me what you want Eleanor," Toms pace slowed as he looked up at her, revelling at the sight of her frantically panting mouth and slightly teary eyes."Mo...More...I need..." her breath hitched again, "More p...please""You're going to have to beg darling - you're in a lot of trouble from that little display you put on" his voice was silky like honey and his eyes glinted with unmeasured want as he watched her wince at his words.Perhaps she had lost her pride somewhere between the front door and sofa, or maybe she just had given up pretending she didn't like his domineering bravado. In any case for a rare moment in time, she did what she was told."Please...please Tom" she began, gripping her hands into his hair and feeling him groan into her as she did.His mouth sucked a little too hard onto her clit and another finger was pushed in, violently curling within her, causing her to bite down on her lip and whelp."Please let me...I want to...please...""Louder!" he commanded with a sharp jolt into her."Tom!..I...I want to...I'm going to...!" her sinful words filled the room but to Tom, they sounded like the most devout form of worship.Slowly, he took his finger out and put his whole mouth on her, moving his tongue in and out of her entrance and swirling over her clit. It felt so divine it was almost torturous.He seemed to growl into her, tasting her like she was forbidden fruit. He could tell she was close by the sweetness on his tongue. Her hips began to grind into his mouth, desperately seeking release and as they did, a flurry of prayers and profanities left her lips and graced his ears."Come for me Elle" he demanded, becoming more savage with his sucking and licking.And that was all it took. A loud series of moans left her lips as stars graced her vision and a lightness plunged her into a high she had never known. He ran his tongue one final time up her slit, making sure to collect her sweet come and placed small kisses on her hip bone as she recovered.He travelled up to her panting mess of a face and ravaged her with a deep, lustful kiss that would turn even the most devout saint into one of hells angels. The lustful heat pumped through his veins and he was overtaken by his own desire to be pleasured. "Say it... tell me again," he commanded, pushing into her wetness and groaning at the sensation of filling her tight walls."I..I care about you Tom" she sighed, gasping for air as he sunk deeper into her, still not recovered from her orgasmic high.It was different this time, he wasn't being gentle and soft like he was in her father's office. Nor was he slow and sensual like he was after a few red wines in Florence. Everything about him was harsh and possessively passionate. His hands gripped her throat and her waist with agonising pressure.
The feeling was altogether violent yet so indescribably euphoric. It was like he was baring his darkened, irredeemable soul to her and she was welcoming it into the gates of her own heaven, with kisses and prayerful moans. Perhaps her devotion to him was his only chance at redemption, or maybe it was his last opportunity for salvation. Either way, he didn't care. As he looked down at her agonisingly beautiful face, he considered just for a moment that there was a god.
  Because fuck, if there was a god he was sure it looked like her and he would spend the rest of his life on his knees praying if that's what she commanded. 
"Why do you care?" he growled, picking up his pace and thrusting into her again, feeling the growing tension inside her as his tip stroked her sensitive walls. "I care...I...I need you, Tom, I fucking need you" she cried, edging towards a second crescendo of pleasure. His eyes darkened at her words and he flipped her onto her back, pulling her into him once more from behind. He drove into her, clutching at the soft flesh of her hips - enjoying the lustful moans dripping from her mouth.The new position was deeper and Eleanor could feel him further inside her, caressing and stretching her walls. She felt a tear run down her cheek as the pressure mounted and she desperately craved more of him. "You're no one else's" he proclaimed, a hard smack coming down onto her behind, sending a searing euphoria through her with the burn of the sudden contact."Promise" she moaned, biting her lip in pleasure and wishing the moment would never cease.Tom extended his arms to her shoulders and pulled her up - so she was upright onto her knees, back flush with his stomach. One hand found its place loosely around her neck and the other travelled down in front to graze over her clit. He felt her heaving chest and another wave of desire shot through him."Tell me, Elle...Who do you belong to?" his voice was raspy and harsh in her ear, from behind almost enough to make her come right there and then.She took a moment to enjoy the sensation of him pounding into her while massaging her sensitive spot and she arched her back and leaned her head back onto his shoulder. She couldn't help but reach one hand behind her and knot her hand into his hair, tugging at the curls. "You Tom!" she bellowed, feeling the bundle of knotted tension inside her tighten and threaten to unravel.In response, his movements became more erratic and he began to slightly pinch at her clit, slamming into her with unprecedented force. She whined and did her best to still her hips, aiding the rough contact which threatened to undo her completely. "Fuck...please Tom!" she begged again, digging her nails into the nape of his neck.He let out a loud, satisfied groan and she whimpered, following his lead into the final release. She sighed at the feeling of him filling her with his hot, sticky pleasure and as she came down from her own high, she collapsed, falling into the messed soft sheets. Tom eventually came down too, wrapping his arm around her shoulder and flipping her onto his hard chest."That was..." Eleanor began, unable to find the words to complete the sentence, stars still dancing in her vision and tingles still in her toes. He turned into her, resting his face in the jungle of her dark untamed hair and taking in the scent of lavender, which he had sorely missed over the past week. "Overdue," he finished for her, still panting slightly. 
  ***
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "He wears the smell of blood and death like a perfume,
there is fire in his eyes  and ice in his veins
  but you love him anyway,

  for he is a star burning with the light of a thousand suns

  (and your world is dark without him)"

   

  ***
 Eleanor took a deep breath as she closed her trunk and fixed the latches tightly with a wave of her wand. As they clicked into place, a cocktail of mixed feelings whirled inside her, some threatening to draw tears down her cheeks and others, providing a wave of relief through her system that she hadn't known for some time. As much as she wouldn't like to admit it, she came to like Hogwarts. The grand castle with its many ancient rooms and the comprehensive - yet slightly amateur - curriculum was something she had never dreamed of before. In a twisted way, she was almost glad she had the opportunity to attend and if it weren't for the misfortune that lead her there, she would have begged to go if she had only known what awaited her. She walked through the doors of the castle almost a year ago with no family, friends or sanity and was set to completely loathe the place. However, she was leaving now with friends she had made her family and slightly more sanity than she came with, at least she thought."Is that Eleanor Grindelwald shedding a tear for this awful dump?" Octavia observed from her bed with a teasing smile. She rolled her eyes at her cousin and wiped the wetness from her cheek bashfully, "No just sad I didn't get to completely burn the place down is all..." she lied with a sorrowful sigh.Octavia sat on the bed next to her and ran a comforting hand over her back, "The sooner we get out of this place the better...we have lives to live! Parties to throw! Houses to own..." she said with a gleeful tone, her eyes dancing at the prospect. Although the words were meant to console her, they left her emptier than ever and took everything in her power to hold back the emotions she had trapped tightly away within her heart. It was true, Octavia had a long full life of parties and fine houses to look forward to, but Eleanor didn't. Despite having already come to terms with the pact she had made with herself, she couldn't help but feel the pang of grief set in for her numbered days. But it wasn't just that, it was everything in between...Numbered drinks, numbered laughs and even, numbered kisses. She quickly pulled herself together, not wanting to dwell on those creeping thoughts and hopped up, reaching out for Octavia's hand. "Promise me you'll remember me when you're old and grey," she pleaded in a teasing voice, not letting the subtext of her words see the light of day. Octavia scoffed and took her hand, standing up and twirling her around, "One: I will never be grey. Two: I'll never host a party without you...we're a package deal now, there's no getting rid of me I'm afraid..."Eleanor managed out a smile at the words. No matter how wrong or hurtful they were, she owed it to her cousin to keep up the lie."Well...make sure the alcohol budget is generous then, I'm not getting old without a champagne in my hand..."Her cousin's bright blue eyes shot up with her eyebrows as if remembering something incredibly important and she ran to the cupboard of her bedside table. "I think we should be starting now then!" she declared, getting out a bottle of champagne and summoning two coupes from her trunk. She grinned. Only Octavia Demeter Malfoy would carry fine crystal glasses in her suitcase. "To getting old...but may we always be young enough to drink before 9:00 am," Eleanor toasted her, raising her own glass to Octavia's and taking a sip. 
  ***
The full great hall was as quiet as an abandoned cathedral bar the droning speech of Headmaster Dippet when they skipped in half an hour late. With pink flushed cheeks, they giggled ridiculously at the other seventh years in their pointed graduation hats as they were hurried into their seat by a very stressed looking Professor Slughorn. Although he was far away, Eleanor could see Tom sitting next to Headmaster Dippet's podium, shaking his head at the girls' tardiness and sending a warning glare towards Eleanor's lack of respect for the occasion. But she didn't care, because she made it just in time to hear his speech - and that's all she cared for.It had taken weeks for Eleanor to convince Tom to practice the speech in front of her. He, of course, had written it months beforehand and had been sitting in the room of requirement every waking moment they weren't in class, perfecting every vowel and breath. Eventually, after the third time of her barging in and demanding that she be the first to hear it, he gave in - on the condition that she wouldn't offer any suggestion for correction. Naturally, she ignored this and had something to say about nearly every line. This often either lead to a fight or the removal of their clothes or sometimes - both. Eleanor looked up at the boy and couldn't help the endearing smile that formed on her lips. Her gaze trailed down to his perfectly prim ebony robes and his piercing eyes that managed to glisten even from afar. His head was turned attentively to Headmaster Dippet, but she could tell he wasn't listening. His finger tapped every so often on his thigh, indicating he was in deep thought. About what exactly she wasn't certain, but he certainly wasn't paying any attention to the old man in front of him. There was so much still unsaid. So much undone. Almost as if they lived their lives entirely in the misty grey area of the unknown. But there were comforts they found in the limbo of unsaid words and hidden gestures, such as the simple joys of each other's company and the knowledge that they had a confidant in the very least, to be honest with. Tom never entirely told the truth, but he lied the least to Eleanor and she knew it - because she was the exact same.  Headmaster Dippet finished his speech and the students rose to their feet with applause as if it was extremely moving. Although she had no idea what he had said, she simply followed suit to refrain from rudeness, clapping her hands and looking around at the teary-eyed students. She watched as Tom approached the podium and immediately, set his gaze on her. Eleanor blushed slightly underneath the intensity of it and she gave him a small nod of encouragement, although he didn't need it. "Thank you for such inspiring words Headmaster Dippet, your tutelage and guidance over the past seven years have been a remarkable privilege...There is much to celebrate today and at the same time, much to mourn. Today we celebrate every win, however big or small - from learning a charm to scoring the final goal in a quidditch match. With each win, we have been propelled towards our futures that lay outside of these great walls and into spaces we are yet to know, but I'm sure - will eventually find great familiarity and success with. "Tom's eyes found hers once again and she felt as if there was no one else in the room but them. "But most of all, today we celebrate the friends we have made on this journey into adulthood. They have grown with us, watched us fail and succeed and lead us to become the people that we take pride in today. As Professor Slughorn always says, 'show me your friends and I'll show you your future'. On a personal note - in regards to Professor Slughorns wise words, although there might be some daring trouble on the way - thank you, Theodore Lestrange..."Tom sent a pointed look to Theodore, who stood up onto the chair and gave him a wolf whistle, earning laughs from the crowd and some sighs in agreeing defeat from the teaching staff."...Although there might be some daring trouble on the way, I am well and truly the luckiest man alive because with them by my side, I know I can achieve anything. And I hope, that you all can say the same for yourselves. To our friends...may they be alongside us for life,"Her breath hitched at the last few words, which he had not practised in front of her. Despite them appearing typical, she knew the underlying meaning. With his eyes trained militantly on hers, they were almost an order, like he was daring her to do anything but. Guilt began to spread through her as she contemplated it and she knew she was about to break one of their many unspoken promises to each other. It made her think back to a conversation they had by the black lake a few weeks ago. 
  "What will you do then, when it's all over?" Tom asked her, looking over the horizon of the distant mountain range that skirted the lake. 

  Her brow furrowed slightly in confusion, "What will I do, when?"

  "Well...now you have more than enough backup and we've formulated an airtight attack strategy, the chance of dying after doing what you came to do is statistically speaking - little to none. Even despite your ridiculous fetish for being a bloody martyr..." he rolled his eyes and lit a cigarette, blowing smoke into the windy air as they walked. 

  Eleanor looked to the ground, afraid that if her eyes met his, he would be able to read her like a book.

  "I never thought about it...I don't like to air on the side of optimism in the face of danger, I guess," she deflected, digging her hands in her pockets. 
Tom looked over to her with a raised brow as he took another drag, and after a moment of pause he replied,  "Promise me you won't do anything stupid." She forced out a laugh, returning his demand with an amused grin,  "I believe my track record doesn't speak very highly of that being a possibility, Riddle."
  His face hardened at her humoured words and seriousness clouded his features instantly.

  "I won't let you die Elle, no matter how fucking much you want it."

  Eleanor's pained eyes met his and for a moment her heart skipped a beat at the conviction in his voice, "Don't make promises you can't keep," she mumbled, taking the cigarette from his fingers and filling her lungs with a deep inhale. 

  Tom scowled at her and returned his gaze to in front of them as they walked in silence back to the castle. 
"Now is a crucial time in our world. A time to be brave and to not shy away from the hard conversations or the courage it takes to have them. It is no secret that there are many looming threats on the horizon and dark days ahead. But I say to you all now, if we carry ourselves with pride, keep our friends by our side and have the courage to believe we can make a difference...We will."Tom's speech ended with an eruption of cheering and a standing ovation and it was only when he ceased speaking that she had realised her cheeks were once again wet with tears. She didn't exactly know why, if it was the realisation that she would be betraying the man she loved or perhaps it was the speech, that he had made so perfectly.The final feast was full of laughter and reminiscing and she enjoyed hearing all the stories she had missed of their time when they had been younger. Theodore was in the midst of recalling a day in third year when Ezra had been chased by the giant squid in the Black Lake during a midnight swimming dare. "Oh fuck, I've never seen the man so entirely shit-scared. If I could frame that memory I would..."Ezra piped in with a defensive tone but an amused grin, "How about the time Theodore gave love potion to Professor Silver and then she went absolutely barmy for Slughorn...I'm still sure they went for it in that closet..."Eleanor smiled and shook her head in disbelief at the absolute terror they had reigned before she came, wondering how the professors were even still willing to be around them. In her periphery, she saw Tom come to sit down beside them and the boys erupted with a series of whistles and chants as he did. "Here we go Tommy boy!""How's the Head Boy doing huh?""Is the Head Boy getting some for that speech, or what?" Theodore roared in jest, looking directly at Eleanor who quickly went into a violent shade of red, burying her head down. Before she could answer, Tom waved his wand and Theodore shot out of his seat and soared ten feet into the air - before hitting the floor with a large bang, inviting more laughter from the table. When he came to sit back beside her, slightly limping, she sent him a daggered glare, and he threw his hands up in apology, "I'm sorry dear Eleanor disguising cunnilingus at the table is never appropriate is it? Especially when it concerns a lady such as yourself...""Embarrass me again and Esther Lennon will find out a vicious rumour that you have an incurable STI" she warned him, taking another sip of the pumpkin juice Ludo had charmed to be spiked with some sort of horrid liquor."I'm going to miss your pretty threats Grindelwald," he sighed with a large drunken smile, wrapping his arms around her in a warm hug that she couldn't help but smile from."And I'm going to miss your terrible jokes Lestrange" "Look at us, marriage still might be on the cards with this delightful display eh?" he jeered in a teasing voice. "Absolutely not"She looked over at Riddle who was raising a warning brow at the boy next to her, who quickly caught on to the threat and released her. "Alright, alright, but just make sure you and Tommy here invite me to the wedding okay? And put me with a hot bridesmaid while you're at it..."Eleanor swatted him playfully and rolled her eyes in embarrassed annoyance, before raising her goblet up to her mouth and downing the rest with little hesitation - not baring to make eye contact with the man opposite her. The train ride back to London was rowdy and loud as the students made the most of their inability to be persecuted by the staff in extremely creative displays of drunkness and deviance. Eleanor found herself in a crowded cabin next to Tom, who was desperately trying to read his book without being distracted by the fact that Theodore and Ezra were currently modelling girls' Hufflepuff uniforms with as much style and grace as filmstars. "Oh come on Riddle, don't try and hide that you've got a hard-on for me in this skirt" Theodore drawled, putting his leg up on the seat and inching up the skirt towards his thigh in front of Toms's face. "Put on some bloody underwear before I hex you onto the tracks, Lestrange" he sneered at the sight, pushing him away and into the people sat opposite. Ezra began a striptease in front of Ludo, who had lit a joint in the cabin - another broken rule that Tom detested. Eleanor turned to him, already focused back onto the pages in front of him with a hazy smile. "Will you visit me next week?" she asked, emboldened by the pure vodka in her bloodstream. "I'll be away on business next week," he replied in an indecipherable tone, still glued to the book. She could tell he was trying to avoid speaking about something by the way his eyes didn't fully land on hers and the distinct flatness of his voice. Odd.She raised her eyebrows at his words and ran her narrowed eyes over his diverted gaze, "What business?" Tom sighed, momentarily putting down the book in his lap and rubbing his forehead as if annoyed already by her questions. She watched as he did,  deliberately taking the time to think about how to answer her question strategically. "There's something I'm looking for in Romania...and before you ask, no you aren't coming" She tried to disguise the hurt that threatened to show in her features as she registered the fact that he had made plans that didn't involve her. Although she knew she had no right to care, it still sent an aching pain of betrayal into her heart that he clearly had been planning this and keeping it from her. "Romania is now Grindelwald territory, it'll be crawling with my Grandfathers resistance forces...It's too dangerous for an Englishman, even for a skilled fighter-"He turned to her with a sharp glare and a set jaw, cutting her off, "Do you really think I'm unaware of that Eleanor? I'm not an idiot. Besides, what I'm looking for isn't anywhere near the major cities, the risk is minimal...nothing compared to Tuscany.""What is it you're looking for then?" she pushed in a hushed whisper and an intent stare.  "Nothing that concerns you," he replied with a taut mouth, cutting through her attempt to get any information out of him. She scoffed at his arrogance and let a scowl set on her lips, "What? Are we keeping secrets now? A bit late for that don't you think?""Drop it, Elle" he demanded in a low, raspy voice that set a tone of decisive dismissal in the air. Eleanor glared at him, hurt settling in her heart from the walls he had seemingly put up around him. She couldn't understand why he didn't just tell her, did he not trust her? After all, nothing he could ever be looking for or doing could be worse than anything they had already done. Tom and Eleanor had illegally conjured dark magic, killed, trespassed, tortured and obliviated...in fact, there was no crime left that they hadn't committed in their small-time knowing each other. 
  So why was this different?
"Fine," she spat back, getting up to her feet and striding out of the cabin compartment quickly, off to find the more pleasant company of Octavia, Charlotte and Mabel. They left the station without saying goodbye, his cold eyes avoided hers as he turned on his heel without any second glances and walked towards the exit of the station. All the alcohol and joy had seemingly been drained from her bloodstream as she watched him walk away from her. She almost ran after him and slammed him into the wall to remind him that she cared...desperate to do anything to sever the tension between them. Her pace quickened slightly at the thought, as she watched his raven mess of hair gain distance between them. But she didn't go after him, she was too hurt and he was too proud - and so they left as they came - as avoidant adversaries with so much unsaid. 
  ***
Malfoy Manor was as stifling as ever, somehow feeling like a slowly shrinking cage despite its grand proportions. Octavia was busy most days with wedding planning or preparing the home that she and Caspian would move into after her vows. Abraxas spent most of his time with Theodore practising duelling or Charlotte, who had been over most days. And she knew better than to seek out her Aunt's company, for sake of her own withering sanity. Her room was too quiet and altogether lonely, even the library she came to call her second home wasn't enough anymore. There was something empty about the spaces she once used as refuge, like they were now hollow and empty. Maybe it was because she was always looking for something...or someone that wasn't there. It was like living in a strange dream, everything was the same - yet tainted by an unsettling tranquillity. Her favourite clothes wreaked of tobacco and cologne and the symphonies of Tchaikovsky's Swan Lake weren't loud enough to drown out the silence that followed her from room to room. She found some solace underneath the gazebo by the lake in the summer breeze, burying herself in every book she could find to distract her from her thoughts. Her well-loved copies of Austen, Tolstoy and Bronte were shelved to collect dust, while she turned her attention to the darkest material she could possibly find. In pity for the lost girl, her uncle even offered her some of the editions in his private collection, which was kept under lock and key and housed more illegal texts than she had ever laid eyes on in her life. It was a kind gesture, her uncle didn't say much or give her a great deal of his time, but she could tell that it was because Eleanor reminded him of his sister. Occasionally, she would find him sitting in the parlour, staring at the portrait of her mother with guilt strewn across his face. She never spent too much time looking at the portrait. It depicted her mother in the peak of her youth, full of life and her eyes glistening with the kindness that always shone through every word that came out of her mouth. It was best not to dwell on the past, Eleanor thought. After all, her mind did enough of that already without her permission. And so she found a coping mechanism of sorts, by replacing one darkness with another. Although if she focused on it for too long, she still felt the emptiness of the hole in her heart at her lack of company, which she had unfortunately grown accustomed to. Eleanor found herself reading passages and wondering what Tom what say about them, guessing how he would interpret the antiquated language or simply, picturing what he would look like sitting next to her on the bench. She knew it was pathetic and she almost could guarantee that he was not sparing any of his thoughts on her, but she couldn't help it. His silver cigarette case was emptied by the second day she was home and to her delight, she found he had the good sense to charm it to refill. It was like he was offering her a cigarette, even from afar and in a fucked up way she relished them as if they came from his very lips to hers. In her desperate attempt to banish him from her consciousness -  she inhaled him, let his thoughts wash through her mind and his memory settle in her heart. Nothing seemed to satisfy her manic brain, which raced with a cocktail of thoughts and feeling she was embarrassed to face. So with every slip of her better judgement and proclivity, she opened another book and drowned herself in the pages until the content took up more space than her own conscious. 
  His piercing glare, somehow threatening to undress her and kill her at the same time.
"Grimoires of Terror: A History of Blood Magic and Mind Control in the Dark Ages"
  His electrifying touch, sending her to the depths of hell in heavenly pleasure. 
"The Black Heart: Dark Magic, Love Potions and Binding Curses"
  His low, raspy voice, leaving goosebumps on her skin and sinister memories replaying in her mind. 
"Dance with Death: A guide to Horcruxes and eternal life"Eleanor had experienced torture, but she was absolutely sure that love, was infinitely more painful. In fact, the sweet release of prolonged physical pain would have been preferable to this.  She was sure that whatever Jane Austen was writing about could not have been love, for she was on a brink of madness she had never known and nowhere in Emma or Pride and Prejudice did they mention that. Maybe Tom was right about Tolstoy being more realistic. After all, Anna Karenina jumped in front of a train to escape the perils of love. She grimaced at the thought. Even from a distance, he had found a way to outsmart her. To creep into her brain and pick away at everything she thought she knew. The line between love and hate was never thinner and she tiptoed across it with him, hand in hand. Finding her mind wandering back to him again, she retrained her focus on the page in front of her. "Believed to be created in the time of the Pharaohs, a Horcrux is an ancient form of Egyptian dark magic, known to the high priests and priestesses as 'daneg netjer duat', meaning little god of death. In a time where the magic of the sand kingdoms had many clawing for power and influence, the desire to cheat the gods of their ultimatum became of paramount interest. In the year 2284 BC (muggle year estimation), Pharaoh Pepi II sought the great seer Ababuo from the southern African plains to create a spell that defied the organised priesthood and that would give him the power over death. Ababuo agreed on the condition of receiving the philosophers stone, which the pharaoh possessed and hid in the temple of ISIS as payment.
  The seer conjured a spell that could house a fragment of his or her soul in order to become imperishable by time. However, there is a cost to such magic. Horcruxes could only be created after committing murder, the supreme act of evil. For even the witches and wizards of the ancient world knew that the balance of the universe was not to be trifled with - and this calibre of bending the natural law of things demanded a sacrifice. After the blood payment is made, the soul fragment is placed within an item, often of extreme personal value.

  From every account of Horcruxes being used in antiquity, there are only two fates for the conjurer. Firstly, an enemy finds the item and destroys it, killing them in the process. Or secondly, the conjurer destroys the Horcrux themselves, tiring of their eternal life..."
Eleanor's eyebrows knitted together in profound contemplation of the words. She had never once read about something this dark and not even her fathers extensive collection of talismans and artefacts ever included something that housed ones soul. A shiver ran down her back with a blow of the cool afternoon breeze."There you are!" A shrill voice sounded from behind her, sending Eleanor jumping into the air in fright. Her Aunt shook her head, entering the gazebo and looking disapprovingly over her niece. "Did you forget? You have your bridesmaids dress fitting at 3:30 pm in the formal drawing room...you're late"She shot up, muttering a string of apologies that she hardly meant and followed her disgruntled Aunt back to the Manor, while her mind raced with the new information she had just read. A small part of her brain itched as if trying to remember something gravely important, a memory that was threatening to come to the surface which related to the dark magic. But for some reason, she couldn't bring herself to recover it, like her brain had deleted it, or at least covered it up. One thing she knew for sure, that this book could never be seen by Tom Riddle - as she knew him well enough that it would set him on a path of no return. And she cared for him far too much to let that happen. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "I'm ruined by your voice's 

  deep, dark lullaby"

  -Jo-Ann Leon

   

  ***
Eleanor gasped in awe as Octavia emerged into the drawing-room. Her petite form was draped in a grand ivory silk gown which made her the perfect image of a bride. The rich fabric skimmed over her shoulders and cinched in at her waist, before ballooning out into a full skirt of gathered french silk. Although underneath a veil, Eleanor could see that her cousin was already trying not to cry and from the glistening in her eyes, probably would not be able to contain herself for much longer either."You look simply gorgeous, O" Charlotte crooned with a bright smile. Mabel seemingly agreed, bursting into tears and pulling her in for a tight hug, overcome at the sight."Utterly perfect" I agreed, taking a sip of the champagne and giving her a giddy grin.An excited squeal escaped out of Octavia's pink lips and she hopped around on one spot in a fit of giggles, seemingly overjoyed."Okay, we don't have much time now...let us begin the four blessings" Aunt Edwina rushed in her usual high pitched shriek.The four blessings was a tradition in high born magical society that people still clung onto to feel attached to the old ways of life. Four gifts that carried a blessing, in the form of something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue. Eleanor was sure it was a simple wives tale made up by the more superstitious of their ancestors, but since the price of not adhering to the custom was a decade of bad fortune, Octavia insisted upon it.Her aunt went first, "Something old, you may be a Malfoy but you're also half Selwyn and we have the finest jewellery collection in England," she explained, opening a small onyx leather box to reveal a fine antique pair of earrings to the bride. The diamonds sparkled vibrantly as she placed them on and glistened underneath the veil as she turned her head, "Diamonds, for eternal love."Eleanor took a step forward with a large wooden box that appeared heavy as she carried it. The latches of the box opened to reveal a pile of the most beautiful creamy pearls Octavia had ever seen, sitting on a bed of green silk."For your something new, they're from Uwajima in Japan, the oldest pearl jeweller in the world..." Eleanor waved her hand and the dainty pearls began to levitate in a delicate swarm over Octavia's veil covered face. Slowly, they floated down and fixed sporadically into the fine mesh, adorning the veil with a hundred small stones, glistening in the light and making her look like an ethereal vision. "They signify wisdom, protection and loyalty...I hope you like them..."A tear slipped down her cousins cheeks, "They're perfect, thank you, Eleanor."Charlotte fixed an antique hair comb into the side of Octavia's soft white-blonde locks for something borrowed. It had been in the Black family for almost a century.Finally, Mabel approached with a large sly grin that made her hazel eyes sparkle and her full cheeks dimple."For something blue...enjoy your wedding night" she winked, handing the bride a round haberdashery box. With a gasp, Octavia pulled out the laciest, sheerest cornflower blue lingerie they had ever seen and girls erupted into a fit of giggles."Right, put those away or your father will have a heart attack." her aunt chimed over the laughter, "It's time."
  ***
  
  
  
Malfoy Manor's usually cold and imposing disposition was cloaked in a warm glow that almost made the gardens appear something out of a fairytale. Every rose in the garden was a more vibrant shade and the grass somehow appeared greener. It was a beautiful summers day - perfect for an English garden wedding, the sun peaked through the fluffy clouds, shining down on them and wrapped the lake and parklands in a luminosity that even pleased the chirping birds and fluttering butterflies.It was perfect, just as her cousin was.Looking over her shoulder at Octavia, beautifully wrapped in a plume of white silk, she gave the nervous girl one final encouraging grin. As the booming orchestra sounded for her cue, Eleanor took a deep breath and began down the aisle, one foot in front of the other, and ignoring the gawking stares of the guests. A small part of her mind wandered to the resurfacing memory of an old dream she had many months ago. Images of solemn faces, a coffin, blood red roses and a beating heart replayed. But this was altogether different and almost the opposite in every way. The guests wore proud, happy smiles and there wasn't a coffin or a looming death in sight. She kept her eyes trained on the extravagant display of roses and peonies which wrapped around the entrance of the stone gazebo and framed Caspian and the groomsmen in a flurry of white and green.She didn't dare glance at the man in her periphery, elegantly suited and standing next to Abraxas - but her heart still beat rapidly as if she did. His piercing eyes bore into her diverted ones and she could tell he was watching her every move, examining every aspect. The grip on her bouquet tightened a little under the intensity of his gaze. Maybe, he noticed how despite the makeup artists attempt, her eyes were a little more sunken in, from her lack of sleep. Or perhaps, that her skin paled at the attention of the crowd. Whatever he was looking at, he didn't remove his stare and she felt it even when she approached Caspian at the end of the aisle and gave him a comforting smile - before finding her place next to Charlotte and Mabel on the other side.The ceremony was nothing short of beautiful and as it ended and Capsian pulled Octavia in for a kiss to seal their vows, a tear escaped down her cheek in happiness. This might be the last time she ever sees Octavia again but she was glad her memory of her would be in this moment. As she followed the couple back down the long aisle and she realised that Charlotte had taken Abraxas' arm, leaving Tom to take her own - that feeling quickly subsided. They met in the centre and for the first time, she looked up at him with a cold glare but was slightly taken aback at what she found. There was something altogether different about him. His face was almost grey in colour and dark circles traced his intent eyes. He didn't just look tired but almost, ill. Even so, Tom somehow managed to still look handsome as if death itself was no match for his chiselled features. Something that she had no idea how was possible.The shocked look on her face made him smirk condescendingly as he offered his elbow out to her and she wrapped her arm around it. As his fingers slid over the soft flesh of her arm, she almost flinched from the coldness of his skin and her mind began to reel at what sickness he had contracted while away, because clearly, he wasn't well at all."Didn't realise you would be a crier at weddings, Grindelwald," he drawled, as a million rose petals fell down from the sky and over their heads."Well I know this might come as a shock to you Riddle, but some of us are capable of an emotion other than selfishness," she replied, her eyes set out in front of them looking for an escape.He chuckled at the venom in her voice, "Just admit you missed me, Eleanor, save yourself the embarrassment and tell the truth for once."She scowled at him, shaking her head in disbelief at his arrogance."Don't you think asking for the truth is quite hypocritical from someone like you?""And don't you think that this little fight is getting boring?"As they exited the aisle, she ripped her arm away from his, looking up at him with judgemental eyes and a stern demeanour. She shuffled over to the side, next to a tall rose bush so they were partially blocked from the view of the nosy guests."Maybe you're right Tom, maybe this whole thing is getting rather boring," she spat, letting the anger rise up in her. She couldn't help but react venomously as the man who failed to even bother to write her a single letter for the past two weeks was all of the sudden back by her side - pretending that everything was fine and that she was absurdly insane.To her surprise, she watched as he stepped closer, inching towards her face with a daring glint in his eye. A hungry darkness found its way to his battered features as his gaze skimmed over her. It landed first on her stormy, resentful eyes, pale cheeks that were slightly freckled and then down to her pink, plump lips. Before she could even register it, his lips were crashing down onto hers and his hands wound around her waist to settle in the cave of her lower back. At first, she resisted it, pushing hard against his chest and refusing to open her mouth to let him in. But then he groaned into her as if fuelled by the rejection - which melted away any chance at her further protest. With one swift move, she gave into him, her hands clutched onto his jacket lapels and her mouth melted into his, drinking him in and savouring every touch. The familiar electricity that they generated seemed to spark around them and spike their minds with a voltage that furthered their desire.Suddenly, he pulled back and broke the kiss in less than a second. Tom watched, as she frowned in confusion up to him, pink with embarrassment at her poorly disguised fervour.He put a hooked finger underneath her chin and leaned into her ear, sending a shiver down her spine, "You don't look very bored Elle..." he drawled in a raspy tone.Eleanor scoffed, shaking her head in disbelief that he would do such a ridiculously intimate thing as kissing her in public to prove a point. Slowly, she recovered and turned her face upwards to him. He was still wearing a triumphant smirk and enjoying every moment of his win, but it faltered as she set a small smile on her lips."You missed me didn't you Tom?" she purred up at him in a teasing voice, "Is that why you look like you're on death's door? Because you couldn't bear fifteen days without me? I'm flattered..."He tightened his grip on her waist and clenched his jaw at her mocking words, the amusement falling from his features with every second. With a sharp glare, he opened his mouth to deliver a devastating retort. But as he did, Mabel rounded the rose bush, appearing by their side and the intrusion cut off whatever he was about to deal at her. The girl observed them with a raised brow and an entertained grin on her face, unsure of how exactly to approach them in such an intimate stance."Very sorry to interrupt whatever form of weird, straight foreplay this is..." she sighed, eyeing the two of them inches from each other, "But we're needed for photographs..."Eleanor let out a breath she had unknowingly been holding in and shuffled out of his grip, nodding and agreeing to leave in a flustered manner. As she walked away, she didn't dare look over her shoulder."He was giving you the 'fuck me' eyes, " Mabel giggled, leading her over to the lake dock where the photographers from the daily prophet were taking photographs for the official weddings page."No actually, they're the 'kill you' eyes" she grinned back."Well I don't know much about men, but this I do know...sometimes they can be both."Eleanor blushed at Mabel's words and looked away, silently agreeing with her and hurrying to Octavia's side for the portrait. 
  ***
 Ignoring the seating chart, Eleanor found herself sandwiched next to Theodore and Ezra, who had taken up their time-honoured tradition of seeing who could get completely wasted the fastest. She couldn't bear the thought of enduring a five-course dinner next to Tom, who was now all but furious at being sat with Mabel, who had no interest in talking to him and Caspian, who was so enraptured with his new wife that he didn't even register his existence. It's a pity the table was round, because he made a sport of glaring at her as she giggled ferociously at Theodore's jokes and downed every drink that Ezra put in front of her - every one being stronger than the last.She was glad she refused to do a speech because, by the time they were happening, she had drunk enough to be a fire hazard. Most of the words were typical and boring, more concerned with upholding conventional appearances than actually saying something meaningful. However, when Octavia came to speak her words threatened to drain every ounce of school from her blood and plunge her into a pit of sobriety."...To my lovely bridesmaids, you have made all of this possible today after your tireless planning and helping...After much thought, I decided I could not possibly toss the bouquet tonight, because I know exactly who the next in line should be...all three of you. There are no women more deserving of a love like Caspian and I have and I hope that with this gesture, you will find it...although, I don't think Charlotte will have to wait very long..." the crowd erupted into laughter as Charlotte bowed her head in embarrassment and Abraxas cleared his throat. It was no secret he had already asked for his mother's ring and he was to propose when they were in Paris next week. Eleanor couldn't help but cringe in embarrassment at the attention being brought to her. The sentiment was lovely but honestly, she was positively dreading every moment of the beady eyes of the guests' boring into her.And then somehow - it got worse."But specifically, I would like to thank my darling cousin and Maid of Honour, Eleanor - who has always been there for me and loved me unconditionally. I know dear Clara will never be replaced but I consider her my sister and I adore her above all else..."She was sure a deep shade of red graced her cheeks as she tried to remain calm underneath the spotlight. Without looking, she could tell Tom was chuckling in amusement from the other side of the table at her crippling embarrassment. Apparently, she wasn't drunk enough because something within her reached for Theodore's whiskey and downed it, not enjoying being his source of entertainment.When the bride's speech was over and a round of applause filled the marquee, she waved her wand at the brilliantly white bouquet of roses which split into three and floated over to each of the girls and fell in front of them. The candlelight dimmed slightly and an orchestra began to play, as Caspian and Octavia were swept onto the dancefloor for their first dance. Despite the reception being outdoors, an array of elaborate chandeliers were hanging from the ceiling of the marquee and a sea of whimsical florals covered the spaces in between them, giving the appearance of being in a magically illuminated night-garden."Why don't we get flowers," Ezra whined, looking over at the velvet soft petals.Eleanor reached for a stem and snapped it, fixing the bloom into the hole of his jacket lapel with a tight tug."There, now you're the most pretty bridesmaid in the land" she cooed with a drunken slur, tapping his button nose with the tip of her index finger. He beamed back at her in delight and kissed her on the cheek.Theodore shot up, straightening his bow tie and fixing his hair, "Alright, the dancing's started...time to find one of these pretty Malfoy girls..." and with that, he wandered away into the crowd that had accumulated onto the dancefloor. They shook their heads as they watched him close in on a girl almost instantly, a distant cousin of Eleanor's that was unaware of his reputation."Where's Ludo?" Eleanor asked, searching the crowd for the mop of chestnut hair and the Cheshire grin he wore.Ezra sighed, taking another sip of his whiskey, "He didn't come...after we finished school, my parents told me I'm to marry in the coming year. I don't even know her-""Her?" she questioned, with an alarmed voice.He nodded with an empty laugh, "I'm an only child Eleanor, if I don't marry a woman...the Rosier line ends with me...and my parents don't give a fuck if I'm opposed to that or not" he grimaced as his eyes glazed over in sadness, "'Blood over desire' they said to me...Anyway, Ludo hasn't taken the news very well, he refuses to return any of my owls or even see me, for that matter. Maybe it's for the best...""I'm so sorry Ezra, I truly am" she confessed, wrapping him in a tight hug.He nodded, returning the embrace and biting back the tears that threatened to prick at his eyes.Eleanor shot up out of her chair and reached her arm out to him with her best attempt at a cheerful grin, "Well my dear Mr Rosier... I think we should dance our sorrows away."Ezra returned a weak grin back to her and grabbed her hand, pulling himself up and leading them to the dancefloor."So what's her name then?" she asked, as he swirled her around to the fast-paced beat of the foxtrot."Céline Delacour" he sighed, unenthused at the name, "That's all I know about her except for the fact that she went to Beauxbatons of course..."Eleanor nodded sympathetically, "And they won't let you meet her at least before you marry her?""No, it's not in the French custom...they assure me she's 'very beautiful and fertile' though" he rolled his eyes at the misogyny of the words. She sighed and shook her head as he dipped her low, "And there's no way..." she began, but was cut off quickly with a shake of his head. "No Eleanor, trust me they're not taking no for an answer...and rumour has it Ludo's already moved on anyway,"Her eyes widened, "What?""Theodore saw him with Magnus Astor, the Ravenclaw prefect in Diagon Alley the other day...and apparently, they were rather cosy with another," he admitted, a glum look falling on his boyish face.She let out an empty laugh, "Surely not, that's too quick - even for a rebound..."He only sighed in response, slowing as the jazz faded out and the dance ceased. As they were about to leave the dancefloor, presumably to drown their bad fortune - a hand found its way to Eleanors arm, stopping her from moving further away."May I, Rosier?" Tom asked him. It wasn't so much of a question as a direct demand."N-" she began to protest, but before she could, Ezra smiled back at her with a glint of cheek playing on his lips."Of course Riddle, I'll be at the bar," he nodded, leaving before Eleanor could yell at him for his betrayal. She let out a disappointed sigh and eyed Tom suspiciously with narrowed eyes as the sound of a waltz began from the orchestra. Defeat overtook her as he took her hand and rested the other on her waist where it was earlier in the day. Slowly swallowing her pride, she reached up and rested the other hand on his shoulder. As she did, he pressed her body into his and she gasped at the sudden contact - earning a smirk from him in return."Is this your way of saying sorry?" she asked sharply, as the music began and they swept to the side in an elegant motion.He raised his brow at her, highlighting the dark circles underneath his eyes, "I don't believe I have anything to apologise for...""Of course, you don't," she scoffed, as they rounded the corner of the dancefloor in a whirl.He clenched his jaw slightly and a characteristic look of irritation overtook him, "It wasn't safe for you to come with me Elle, there's no point in fighting me on that.""It's not about that Tom, it's about the fact that you can't even tell me why you're secretly going on holiday to Eastern Europe for a week and better yet, don't even have the decency or time to send me a single letter while you're gone. I thought you'd died when I didn't hear from you..." she spat."Don't be ridiculous, I'd never be stupid enough to get killed...and it was a business trip, not a holiday..." he clarified in an arrogant tone, disguising the fact that he enjoyed hearing her confession that she worried for him.She let out an empty laugh, "I thought we were 'people that work together - amongst other things'" her tone was mocking as she recited his words back to him in the closest interpretation to his cold voice she could muster, but it had a bite to it like she hated the words. "Surely that means you can tell me why you're going on a bloody business trip..."He diverted his piercing gaze of hers and it landed somewhere behind her shoulder, his shoulder rose and fell with an exasperated sigh."We are, but that doesn't mean I can tell you everything-"Eleanor's harsh glare ripped through his walls and settled an unfamiliar sense of guilt in him that he had not known, "Fine. Well if you can't tell me why you went away how about you tell me what people that work together - amongst other things means Tom? Because one minute, you're telling me you care about me and we're spending every waking moment together and the next - you leave the country with no explanation...""It means it's complicated Eleanor, you know that.""Why?" she pushed, watching the agitation grow with his increasingly deepened furrowed brow."You know why Eleanor, I'm not here to repeat myself.""And I'm not here to talk to a man that doesn't have the courage to tell me how he feels, it's pathetic." she spat mercilessly - but he didn't seem affected by her vigour and instead, gripped her a little tighter."What do you want me to say then, something I don't mean? That seems a little more pathetic doesn't it?" he replied icily, inches away from her.She returned his fierce gaze, "Tell me what you told me all those weeks ago in the room of requirement. I want you to tell me why you jumped into that lake and resuscitated me, or why you almost killed Bertie McLaggan after the Yule ball. Better yet, how about you tell me why you followed me to Italy and didn't leave as soon as I gave you Slytherins locket...Because I think I know Tom...and I think you do to." She knew it was something that would never leave her mouth if she was sober, but the weeks of built-up emotions came to the surface the more she let his touch burn into her skin. The words hung in the air as he contemplated them, allowing them to course through his body and embed into his mind - where they were sure to replay and torture him later on. He wanted to tell her that the last two weeks had been nothing short of agony for him. That no book, dark magic nor woman could dull the ache in his head caused by her absence. That despite the serene silence of the Albanian forest - that he would normally enjoy - it somehow felt too quiet...too peaceful and for the first time in his life, he felt alone. Perhaps, he could admit to her that he even read fucking 'Pride and Prejudice' and that with every chapter, he imagined her thoughts on the characters and opinions on the scenes. Somehow allowing himself so far into the delusion that he pictured their debates on them as if she were keeping him company in the thick solitude of the forest.But he didn't, because something inside him couldn't bear the vulnerability of it. So in the face of her demands, he offered up to her the only thing he could."If I was capable of ever loving someone Eleanor, it would be you," Tom admitted after the long moment of pause with a solemnly honest voice.He wasn't sure if it was the exact truth, he had no idea what love even meant, let alone felt like. Besides, he had read he could never experience it on account of being conceived under a love potion, so there was no way it was probable for him. He cared for her, deeply, in a way that he had never known possible. In a way that scared him half to death. In fact, he was sure that if she asked him to jump off a cliff for her, he might even consider it. But that couldn't be love, could it? Surely that was madness. The most profound form of delusional adoration, perhaps, but not love. Love was for people with intact souls and hearts that beat for things other than power, justice and order. Love wasn't for Eleanor and Tom, he thought - so it couldn't be what he felt for her.Tom watched as the words hit her like a tidal wave and washed through her consciousness, her burning eyes melting through every barrier he put up. The hardness of her face softened, overcome with the gravity of the words."That's not enough, Tom," she managed out, with a voice thick with emotion threatening to come to the surface."I know..."She nodded, not taking her gaze from his, as hot tears welled in her eyes, stinging them and clouding her vision."It's like I said, isn't it? The saddest stories are always the best...aren't they?"Tom's gaze was drained of any harshness that once found a home there and once the mask was removed, all she could see was the glint of exhausting pain in them. He nodded slowly, agreeing with her words and wishing he could drown himself in the stormy seas of her eyes. She let out an empty laugh, causing a tear to rush down her cheek, "Maybe they'll write a book about us one day.""Hades and Persephone definitely pale to us," he agreed, with the same sadly sentimental chuckle.The remaining minute of the waltz was spent in silence as they spun around the dancefloor in each other's arms, eyes locked onto one another. They moved so gracefully it appeared as if they were marionettes on a string, sweeping across the stage and waiting for the close of the curtains. The sweetness of the vision contradicted the darkness in their minds and the pain in their hearts.Two lost lovers, momentarily together but forever bound to the curse of their desires - which ripped them apart. It would have been beautifully poetic if it wasn't so heartbreaking.                                      ***After drunkenly farewelling Caspian and Octavia as they apparated away to the Greek Islands and shoving Ezra into the floo back to France, Tom and Eleanor found themselves sitting on the balcony that connected to her bedroom. They sipped a final glass of champagne as they overlooked the leftovers of the elegant celebration and the lingering guests from above. She gave him a small smile as he lit a cigarette and offered it to her- a small gesture she came to miss in the weeks that had gone by."Do you think you'll ever do it?" she mused, her eyes slightly glazed over after the night of many drinks.He raised a brow at her, "Do what?""You know...marriage," she replied, gesturing to the grandeur of the reception below and inhaling deeply. Tom let out a small laugh at the suggestion, "No, I'm afraid all that is not at all interesting to me,"She nodded thoughtfully, handing him back the cigarette. Part of her knew the answer before he said it, but she almost needed the certainty of hearing it from his own lips."Plus, you would be a bloody jealous nightmare" he added with a teasing smirk before taking in another deep inhalation, "And I can barely handle you on a good day..."Eleanor scoffed and rolled her eyes, "Don't be ridiculous, I'm sure I'd feel sorry for the poor girl..." she lied.He hummed in amusement, not buying the words coming out of her mouth for a second, but enjoying the fact that she lied to save herself the embarrassment nonetheless."I wish I was that kind of person..." she admitted in a quiet voice, almost a whisper floating through the cold air.He turned to her in confusion, exhaling a cloud of smoke, "What? Someone stupid enough to marry when it objectively means nothing but a piece of paper and a couple of rings?""No..." she rolled her eyes, "Well...yes, I suppose. But they'll go home to a beautiful house and always know that they'll have each other at the end of a hard day. And then they'll have children that look just like them and send them off to Hogwarts...and eventually, they'll grow old and grey...There's something nice about that, you know - something normal.""So...you wish you were normal?" he drawled in complete scepticism of her justification, "Normal people rarely do anything of note..."He said it like it was a bad word, ugly and plain."I guess I wish I had the opportunity to want normal things. My mind isn't like Octavia's, it's broken, ruined even. It thinks only of avenging my family and doing whatever disgusting, vile thing I can do to achieve that. Maybe...if that need wasn't there, I would be content with normal."A scene popped into her head of two children with messy raven hair and dimples playing happily in the Tuscan gardens of her family home. As she watched from nearby at her favourite bench in the vineyard, she smiled as the sun shone down onto her face and the smell of the olive trees and lavender bushes danced in the wind around her. The girl, about 4 was very bossily teaching the little toddler how to charm the plants to grow taller, but all the infant did was happily laugh at the looming blades of grass that bounced over his head and tickled his nose. She had no idea where the sudden vision came from, or what deep, darkened corner of her mind had conjured it - but it was nice, even just for a moment. "Maybe you've just been reading too much about that insufferable Elizabeth Bennett and her incredibly boring obsession with Mr Darcy..." he dismissed her, pouring himself another glass of champagne.Her eyes shot up in surprise at his familiarity with the characters, "So you have read pride and prejudice...""Well you kept banging on about it so I had to see what the fuss was, naturally"She couldn't help the endearing smile that came to her lips as she realised he read it just for her, "And so...what did you think?" Eleanor asked, eagerly awaiting whatever opinion he had."I'm happy to inform you that I was completely correct in my assumption that it was every bit as unrealistic as it was impeccably boring...Nothing compared to-""Tolstoy" Eleanor finished for him in a knowing drone, "Typical man...can't see the value in an art form that doesn't use warfare as a background for character development," she sighed disappointingly, but her smile was mocking."War is real life" he quipped back, with a patronising quirk of his brow."In my experience love is war," she giggled, "And I think many great authors would agree...certainly your beloved Anna Karenina,"He only hummed in response, turning his head slightly to hide the smile on his lips. It was a rare occurrence, but he found an ounce of pleasure in being challenged and possibly proven wrong by the girl.Eleanor sighed, looking up at the stars and getting lost in the beauty of the night sky as they sat in comfortable silence. As the moments passed by, she wondered if maybe her and Tom were like the night sky. Their souls were black holes, destined for ruin, but their eyes were full of stars and hearts full of galaxy's, a mixture of dark and light. A cocktail of complexity that was beautiful but deadly. A small tapping sound drew her out of her daze and she looked over to see Tom, tapping his fingers on the stone ledge of the balcony, looking up as well. Her mind wondered if he was thinking the same thing.
  Probably not.
"You never told me what you did to that ring," she mused, watching the glint of the onyx stone dance under the moonlight, "It was such a nightmare to seal, must have been something bloody nasty." She thought back to the night in the girls bathroom, replaying how strong the dark magic was.He went slightly rigid as if not suspecting the words and she turned to regard the strange reaction with a raised brow and narrowed eyes.Tom's tense jaw strained the tendons in his neck, "As I said before...there are some things I can't tell you," he responded in a low and painfully controlled voice."I don't see why not, it's just a bloody ring isn't it?" she pushed, intrigued by his stony demeanour, "I thought perhaps it was some sort of protection curse...maybe a personal ward of some sort...but that's clearly not the case since I've seen you fight and nearly die," she scoffed but he didn't react and instead seemed to turn away from her altogether. The air thickened with every word that came out of her mouth and she could almost feel the tension reverberate off of him and settle into her, causing her heart to race a little.
  Why wouldn't he just tell her?
When he didn't answer her and instead, kept his eyes trained in front of him as he drained the rest of the drink to fill the moments that passed them by, her mind began to race with a thousand questions.
  What could he have done to the ring to make him not ever want to tell her?

  What kind of curse would cause that elaborate of an effect on her all those months ago in the Arithmancy classroom?

  What would Tom want with a cursed ring?
And then, just as the bright stars above them faded into the blackened night sky, she realised.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  "The fire cannot touch me, for I have burned one too many times.

  The sea cannot harm me, for I have been drowning all my life.

  Oh, but you could rip my heart open, darling

  for I have never known love before."

  -Asthreria
  
  
  

  ***

  No.
Eleanor took a step back, clutching the railing, watching him with terrified eyes every now and then flickering down to the ring.
  It can't be.
She felt a wave of nausea whirl in her stomach and she gasped, her mouth falling open in the shock of the realisation."Please tell me...it's not..." her frail voice trailed off, unable to finish the words.Tom turned around to face her with a fixed cold expression on his features, not allowing any emotion to slip through the cracks. There was no trace of the warmth that had been there moments ago and that put her on edge."Go on Elle, you're a smart girl..." he drawled in a low voice laced with danger, "What is it?" Although his tone was soft and hushed, there was a darkness to it like the smoothest blade with the sharpest edge. He was daring her to say it and perhaps threatening her at the same time with what would happen if she did.For the second time that night, her eyes pricked with the sensation of hot tears and her heart began to race at a terrifyingly fast pace. In a flash, she dropped the champagne glass ignoring the sound as it smashed into a million tiny pieces on the balcony floor and dashed inside. With a manic glint in her eye, desperate to be proven wrong, she ran to her desk and retrieved the book that she had been reading all of last week. She ripped open the battered crimson coloured front and flipped through the pages. Tom watched her intently as he leaned against the door frame, keeping whatever was simmering underneath his skin sealed with an indecipherably cold glare.Her wet, stormy eyes swept the pages until she stopped at the one she had dog-eared earlier at the gazebo. She dragged a shaking finger down to the lines that she had underlined to make notes on later.
   Horcruxes could only be created after committing murder, the supreme act of evil. 
Suddenly, a memory flashed into her spinning head, taking her back to Hogwarts. The Slytherin common room was cold and dark as it was still the early hours of the morning. However, a crowd of pyjama-clad students gathered as Slughorn informed them of the suspicious murder of Ingrid Holloway, a third-year Gryffindor.
  "Apparently the poor girl was maimed so badly there was no saving her...I know we shouldn't say this but no magic blooded student would dare be that stupid. We learn these things from a young age..." she added.

  "So she was a muggle then?" Eleanor asked.

  "Mhm," Octavia simply mumbled in confirmation and nodded.
Another memory peered into her mind, as a flood of tears fell onto the pages of the book, smudging the ink letters. She thought of seeing the ring in Arthimancy later that day, there was an odd sentient nature to it like it was beating.  It was definitely dark magic. No movement was actually occurring, but instead, the air around it was pulsating, like an energy was being emitted from it. That night, after being given the sleep potions for the first time she recalled the dangerously wild unsealed magic that seeped around it.
   After the blood payment is made, the soul fragment is placed within an item, often of extreme personal value. 
"It's an heirloom..." he explained, twisting  the beautifully jagged ebony stone  around his finger.Eleanor's vision blurred with tears as she came back into the room, ripped out of her thought. She hadn't noticed but Tom had moved closer, now leaning up against her bed frame with careful yet analytical eyes, as if she was a wild beast threatening to run at him."How could you..." she managed out, looking up at him in an inconsolably accusatory tone, "She was just a child...Barely thirteen..."He took a deep breath, steadying himself and regarding her before he answered."I didn't know...I had never done it before-""You didn't know that you were killing a child?" she snapped back, anger flooding her veins as she stood up, taking a step towards him.Tom clenched his eyes shut at her words laced with venom and tightened his jaw, "I had no idea it was going to be like that Eleanor. I was going off something that Slughorn had told me and whatever scraps of information I found in Knockturn Alley...I didn't have a fucking guidebook like you apparently do!""I might not be able to kill you Tom but I'm going to make sure wish you were fucking dead," she spat, raising her wand at him.As she let the fury wash through her, she realised how they had lied to themselves. She knew he was twisted and dark but something within her longed to think that he could be good too. This moment proved he was nothing short of a monster, not capable of redemption. They were like children hiding sweets under their tongues and savouring the saccharine taste of each other like a deep secret - all without acknowledging that the toxic taste would eventually rot their teeth.Here it was, the rot of his lie and the evidence of her ignorance and it tasted sickly sweet, burning on her tongue like venom."Don't do this Eleanor, it will not end well.""Perhaps you should have thought about that before you fucking ripped your soul apart and killed a child!" she screamed back, inching towards him.Tom looked around as if worried someone would hear the words and then with a sigh, stalked to her side, gripped her arm and apparated them out of the room. She didn't have any time to react and as they spun and whirled, her teeth shattered and her stomach flipped.A thunderous sound of the crack of lighting met her eardrums as cool wind met her skin.The feeling of her dinner threatening to come back up and the sounds of crashing waves greeted her as she fell to the floor. The sensation of harsh grainy sand came into contact with her palms, as she became aware of her surroundings. Quickly, she snapped her head up taking in the sight of the darkened beach surrounded by blackened cliff faces lit only by the full moon and the sky full of stars. A flash of his black and white tuxedo robes greeted her in the distance and she scrambled up, clutching at her wand, trying not to shiver in the night air."What? Have I said too much Tom?" she yelled at him in a slightly mocking tone, his piercing glare coming into full view as he stepped closer to her, wand by his side, "Have you brought me here to kill me like poor little Ingrid? Such a gentleman..."This seemed to push him over the edge as he lunged forward, gripping her arm tightly and pulling her into him so she was inches from his face."Of course not," he spat, as a violently thick tension filled the air around them, "I brought you here because I know you're stupid enough to try to fight me."She glared up at him, baring her teeth in disgust, "You're fucking vile you know that? I hate you." With a jolt of her arm, she attempted to pull herself out of his grip but this only made him tighten around her.Tom offered her a cruel laugh, "I could obliviate you...we would be back on that balcony and you would be smiling up at me like none of this had happened..."She grinned like a hungry wolf back at him, "Please do Tom! But while you're at it, obliviate my whole entire fucking memory of you, because you have don't nothing but cause me pain," her voice betrayed her in the end, breaking slightly as a tear fell down her cheek.He couldn't help but laugh again at the beautifully idiotic girl, shaking his head at her in disbelief of her words."What's wrong Eleanor? Do you suddenly not care about me - now that you actually know me? Well fine...Consider this a formal introduction. I've never pretended to be anything else and you know that. If you want to force a halo onto my head and then be shocked when it bursts into flames that's on you. But I won't be screamed at for not living up to your deluded fantasies that I'm a good person. Because I'm not and you know what? Neither are you."Eleanor wiggled as she felt his grip gradually cut off the blood supply to her hands and if it were light, she was sure they would be almost blue. With one final abrupt lunge, she managed to free herself from it and she backed away, gripping her wand tightly, feeling her hand's blood supply fill again."I can accept that you've killed people Tom, maybe even if you made the mistake of killing an innocent...but you have torn your soul apart!" she shrieked, raising her wand up to his face, her eyes flickering with the flames of betrayal. "That goes beyond anything I could have imagined you would do in your unhinged obsession with power. I won't be blamed for not thinking that someone I cared about could do something so vile and awful..."Without hesitation she flew the first hex at him, flying straight towards his chest. But as the blue light reached him, he blocked it easily - taking a step forward like a lion hunting his prey."You want to talk about unhinged Eleanor?" he spat at her, deflecting another of her hexes - but still not firing anything back to satisfy her need for a fight. She felt the cold saltiness of the sea lick at her ankles as she took another step backwards, putting as much distance between them as possible. But he stepped forward again, threatening her deeper into the dark waters."You know... you can call me vile and awful all you like, but I think deep down you know that I am the only person that could ever truly understand you..."She closed her mouth, muffling a sob, "No, you're wrong!"His wand hand twitched slightly at her dismissal, but he ignored her, stepping into the sea and not daring to break eye contact with the girl in front of him."And you know why? Because you're just as damned as I am - and everything I've done, you've done too. So while you play the victim and go off as a martyr in a desperate attempt of pseudo-moral salvation, I'll see you in hell."The rage building up inside her seemed to take over at that moment. A violent thrash of her wand sent a slicing hex at him and an incoming wave rushing to the shore managed to arrive just in time to block his attempt to deflect it. Instead, the hex sent him flying back into the shore, landing with a crash on his back. His head momentarily whirled at the hard contact it made with the soaking wet sand and he gritted his teeth at the momentary setback."Maybe I'm damned Tom, but at least I've never killed a child!" she screamed back, lifting up the water behind her, creating a wall of the sea that threatened to drown them both. It roared as it gained height and dripped menacingly as it stilled, waiting to crash down and annihilate everything in its path. 
  Tom had never seen her so full of fury, so untamed in hatred.
As he found his feet, a fresh cut adorned his right cheek and instead of wincing at the salt stinging the wound, Tom chuckled in a darkened tone. He wasn't scared of the perilous wave or even her wounding him, but instead looked at her with almost a surprising delight - like he enjoyed her wrathful magic.She grimaced at the thought of being the source of his sickening entertainment."Are you forgetting you almost killed Felix DuPont in one of your first weeks?" he hauntingly teased her back, "What was the spell again? Sectumsempra I believe...He might have been a total cunt, but technically he was still an innocent child too..."He took a few steps back into the water, again seemingly unbothered by the looming wave that stood over the shoreline and looked up at her with a menacing smile, dripping in poison.Whatever colour was left in her face seemed to drain immediately at his words, because truth be told, he had a point.No, not just a point - he was right. Eleanor almost killed the boy in duelling class with a hex that would split him open and drain his blood until his body was as dry as a desert floor. The wave that she was holding behind her fell softly, as she let the truth of his words consume her. The threat dissipated as she stood there in silence, regarding his words and her own vicious crime."But I didn't-" she defended weakly, reeling to find some sort of justification or debate worthy excuse. But as she did, guilt only seemed to deepen within her resolution and began to tear her mind apart.Tom's eyes danced with amusement as he took in the broken girl in front of him, "That doesn't matter though, does it? Because you would've if Aprus hadn't have gotten in the way - and you know it."Perhaps it was the embarrassment of his veracious words, or maybe it was the build of up the conflicting emotion in her, but either way, she sent a curse flying directly for him - ignoring her better judgement. There was such a thin line between love and hate and here they were, dancing on the wall that carved them apart.Tom's gaze flickered with surprise as he regarded the curse that flew towards him with deathly speed. It was crackling with a voltage of energy that could only be created with dark, cursed magic. He hadn't expected her to use such a dangerous spell on him. However, as he took in the fire in her eyes and how her body twitched with the anger he surfaced in her, he knew there was no way she was going to yield.Eleanor wanted blood, like a starved hound ready to rip through any wall to meet its desire.So he fired back. Tom used weak hexes at first, just for the sake of hopefully knocking her out and dragging her unconscious body home - before she killed them both in her blind rage.But then without hesitation or apology, she fired the killing curse at him. The green magic was brutally fast and even more powerful than he had expected her to conjure. On the initial deflection of the attempted kill, he laughed in the face of her stupidity. He wondered why on Earth the girl - who knew he couldn't die - was throwing such a useless curse at him with such intent. But upon her second 'Avada Kedavra', he realised what she was doing. Tom clenched his jaw in agitation, as he noticed she wasn't aiming for him - but the ring on his finger.And that was enough to send him into his own fit of rage, a brand of fury that would even silence the cruelty of the sea itself.With no hint of mercy, he fired one back at her, enjoying the dark magic that seeped through the air and settled onto his skin. And maybe in that small moment, he wished it had hit her. Because he had never known a moment of peace since she waltzed into his life and tore down every wall he had painstakingly built, kiss by kiss and touch by touch. Nevertheless, he couldn't help the relief that stirred in him when she managed to block it. The curse was strong and her defence although effective was not very controlled and sent it flying into a nearby rock, splitting it in half and shattering it into the water. The smell of asphalt filled the air."I wouldn't do that if I were you, Grindelwald" he growled, tensing slightly at the heightened stakes she had raised between them.She let out an empty laugh, raising another tidal wave behind her and her grin widened as it grew taller and taller by the second.He couldn't help but take in the sight of her, a beguiling display of murderous enchantment. Eleanor looked like a siren, standing unafraid in that dark water, her beauty illuminated in the pale moonlight. But, there was something altogether dark and horrific about the way she looked at him and for the first time in his life, he was scared that she would actually kill him.
  Because she could.
"Why Tom? Afraid of someone that you can't threaten with death? That must be very confusing for you," she replied, drawing down her wand with lighting speed and crashing the wave down on top of them both.As the girth of the tide came down, he acted quickly, managing to conjure a shield. However, the force of the water was too great and as it fell, knocked him to his knees. It took a lengthy few moments for the violent water to subside and he shot another curse at her drenched body which was still recovering from the hit. His spell struck her in the shoulder and she flew back into the depths of another wave, further out into the mist.Tom grimaced, waiting for her to emerge and readied himself for the next attack. Deciding to finally put an end to this mess and just knock her unconscious as he should have long ago. But as he watched the horizon, she failed to resurface.His brow furrowed as he lunged forward, now waist-deep in the freezing water. His manic eyes skipped around, searching for any sign of Eleanor or her body. Concern clouded his face and his heart began to beat faster with every moment of eery silence, but just as he was about to shout out her name, she shot up a few meters away, gasping for air.As she caught her breath, her dark hair clung in dripping strands to her skin and the silk bridesmaids dress she wore was completely transparent, revealing the thin outline of her undergarments underneath. Her skin was covered in goosebumps from the bite of the cold water and her usually pink lips were slightly blue.Tom couldn't help but let out a breath of relief at the sight of her face, unharmed and breathing.To his surprise, Eleanor stepped towards him, no longer pointing her wand and threatening attack again. A look of defeat spread over her face as she realised that she had been playing a game that she would always lose. No matter how much she wanted to, she couldn't kill him and no amount of rage that surged within her would bring her to do it."Go on Tom, kill me," she commanded in a raspy voice, gazing into his eyes with daring conviction.He stood there in front of her frozen at her words. There was a sense of conflict in his piercing glare that she had come to know well. The tension of their duel radiated through them and cast dangerous energy reverberating in the wild air, causing her heart to beat a little faster than she liked.Slowly, he raised his wand at her, watching as her chest rose and fell with her soft panting from the constant movement. The grip on his wand tightened, and his arm ached at the force of the muscles contracting, almost shaking. For a moment, he thought he would do it, but his eyes seemed to flicker with that same ember of warmth and he hesitated."You're a monster" she howled at him, a tear escaping down her cheek, meeting the salty wetness of her already dripping skin."And yet you still care" his voice was taunting, and sliced like a knife through her racing heart. He knew that if she didn't care, one of her curses would have struck his ring and he would be long dead by now at the bottom of the ocean floor. But here he was, alive and well looking at the one person that could actually end him and had every reason to."Yes," she whimpered quietly, closing her eyes to suppress the tears that welled in them. She couldn't help but give in to all the feelings she had held down after all this time. It was like the dam that she built up around her heart had finally broken loose and once it started, not even he could stop the destruction of it.He seemed agonised by the confession and swallowed the words down hard."Why?" Tom questioned, his tortured eyes were searching her reddened ones and his stance was rigidly straight, ignoring the waves lapping at his thighs. It was as if he was begging her for an answer. Something that could explain it all. He detested not understanding things and felt fury pulsating through him as a result.Eleanor had never seen him so stressed. His usual calm and collected demeanour was peeled back to reveal another side of him that was pure chaos. His eyes flickered between love and hate as embers burnt and froze in them, a silent war waged in his mind and there could only be one victor."Because only a monster like me could love another," Eleanor admitted with a sad smile and another tear ran down the faint scar on her cheek. She couldn't help but relax slightly and let out a sigh of relief at the now exposed truth. The words she had been holding in and hiding for months were now free and it felt oddly satisfying.Her words hit him like a full-speed train. She knew he would detest them, hate them even. Her heart beat rapidly with the realisation that she was about to die. Tom was looking for a reason to kill her and she just gave him a formal invitation, handing her weakness over to him like a dessert on a silver platter.Bracing herself, she prepared for the end. Her heavy eyelids shut as she waited for the blissful prayer of 'Avada Kadavra' to fall from his soft lips that she had come to be well acquainted with. Eleanor sighed in peace, finally ready to rid herself of her tribulations. After all, she had always thought that if anyone was to end her it should be him. There was a poetry about it, being killed by someone that already owned your mind, body and soul. It was the prettiest death she could imagine for someone as cursed as her and the morbid sacrifice of her willingness was the finest devotion a sinner could ever hope for.But it never came, because the monster before her couldn't do what he had always vowed to do. Tom realised in that moment, he couldn't destroy everything in his path to order and power - because maybe, order and power were just as important as her.Eleanor's breath hitched as the sound of the water sloshed towards her. She felt the cold touch of his hand on her cheek and her heart momentarily stopped at the sensation of him being so close after all that had happened. Somehow, this made her clench her eyes shut with more force, as she wouldn't dare open them in case it was all a dream."Say it again," he demanded in a raspy, gravelled voice.Her tearful eyes unlatched and slowly, she gathered the courage to look up to him. His piercing glare was intense and the fire in it burned through all of the control she held onto, relentlessly coaxing the cold hard truth from her lips."I love you, Tom Riddle," Eleanor confessed in a whisper, staring at him through her lashes. She inched forward, reaching to place her hand over his, which still cupped her cheek as he stilled.He regarded her with a look of terrified shock and if she had ever seen the man scared, it was now. "You can't...mean that," he spat, shaking his head in a desperate attempt to dismiss her confession as an act of supreme madness.
  But he knew when she was lying and he had never seen the girl more honest.
His legs wobbled, threatening to give out and his mind plunged into a spiral of revelation he had never known. It went against the grain of everything Tom had ever thought. He had never been loved before. But as soon as she said it, he felt it strike him like a curse that conquered the power of all others. The feeling was altogether grating on him, like the gravity of her devout words were about to force him to crumble into pieces he could never hope to put together.And just for a moment, he let her annihilate him, body and soul - as the force crept through every crevice of his dark, twisted mind and kissed the most filthy, vile parts of it as if it were divine. Her love was a dagger, piercing through the harsh flesh and bone of his ribcage and severing his heart from the confines of his chest. Her love was a crown, bestowed on his mind and kissing his pride with sweet nothings. It wasn't meant to be good or bad. Such terms aren't destined for people like Eleanor and Tom, they're much too broad and simplistic for the parameters of this connection. This love was laced with both the insatiable depths of hells hatred and the euphoric harmony of heavens gates. They were not the heroes with kind hearts and noble causes they read about in the storybooks of their childhood. But somehow that didn't matter, because the cocktail of venom and virtue they had swallowed from each other's souls' tasted perfect on their tongues.She let out an empty laugh, surprised at her own candour. As they stood there in the moonlight, drenched in the remains of their violence, she gave in again - like a wave returning to touch the soft shore, unable to hold back."I do...I'm sorry, but I love you. You're right about me Tom, you're the only one that could ever understand me. Maybe it's selfish...maybe I love you because you're the only person that could possibly care about someone as positively damned as me. Despite everything though, all the death, all the disgusting lies and all the horrific secrets... Tom, I love you. But at the same time, I fucking hate you so much because one day I'm going to die, knowing that I'll never see you again because of that ring - and that is a fate worse than death because I can't bear to be without you-,"Before she could finish, his hand hooked around her waist and suddenly slammed her soaked body into his. With devastating force, his lips crashed onto her own as his tongue longed to taste the words that had just come from her mouth. He wanted to drink up every moment, leaving nothing in the wake of the harsh glare of the full moon, which lit their frenzied embrace and exposed their violent desire. Eleanor returned the gesture with matched ferocity as she knotted her fingers through his damp, messy hair and moaned into his lips begging for more. She could taste the faintness of copper as the bleeding cut on his face dripped downwards into their kiss and she welcomed the taste of his pain with a touch of his pleasure. He kissed her with a passion that verged on aggressive reverence as if she was a saint and he was begging for salvation."Say it again," he demanded, panting as he felt her hot breath on his, blinking slightly as a downpour of rain began, renewing the wetness of their faces.Eleanor set her eyes upon his and parted her swollen lips, nothing but sincerity and lustful want in her features."I love you," she declared and it sounded like an angels prayer, an orison so pure and veridical that the devil himself was baptised with the words.
  And with that, he waged war on the world around him, but never let a scratch grace her skin.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "And he was the demon of my dreams,

  the most handsome of all angels."

  -Antonio Machado
 
  ***
The scent of fresh dew and newly cut grass graced her senses as they leisurely walked across the grounds of the Malfoy estate - something they had done every day since their fight at the stormy beach.Eleanor had asked her uncle if Tom could stay for a week, sighting that she was working on a project for his political cause with him. To her surprise, neither her uncle nor aunt had any objection to the boy staying, despite Abraxas being away in France and Octavia on her honeymoon in Greece. She was sure they would say no, sighting that it was improper to be alone and unmarried with a boy in the empty house - while they were at work or away socialising for most of the hours of the day. But instead, she seemingly underestimated their admiration for Tom and they were all too happy for him to stay however long he liked...almost encouraging it.They rounded out of the small hedge maze in the parkland and came onto the shady path that lead to the lake. The birds chirped freely as the morning air carried a crispness that refreshed them of the manor's stuffy staleness.She had once again managed to convince Tom to leave the confines of the library - at least for an hour - for the fresh air of the grounds. They had been obsessively planning and practising their duelling for the past few days from dawn to the late hours of the evening. Perhaps if they weren't so happy in each others company, it would've been tiring. But not for Eleanor and Tom. It seemed almost natural, waking up beside him, coming down to the breakfast table at slightly different times to not arise suspicion and then spending the rest of the day perfecting schedules, brewing potions and working on defences. There was a morbid simplicity to it, a comfort in the easiness of the days spent together - even if they were planning a war.As they ventured into the green mass of parkland that covered the estate, they walked in comfortable silence and stopped every so often, so Eleanor could pick flowers from the bushes on their way. Tom would fold his arms in an act of apparent impatience, but she didn't miss how he watched her intently, as she picked each stem with scrupulous examination. Taking the time to pick the flower with the most consistent colouring and the least blemishes."Where are you going to go then?" Eleanor asked as she clutched the growing bouquet of meadow flowers in her hand."Lestrange and I will be occupying Balmoral Estate as the headquarters for the Knights...I'll live there for the meantime before I make other arrangements..." Tom sighed, taking out a cigarette from his pocket and lighting it ."You would be welcome to join us..." he added with a nonchalant tone, looking to the distance of the garden.
  Did he just, ask her to live with him?
No, of course not. Surely he didn't mean it that way.She turned to him, raising her eyebrow as she did, "Oh yes, my Aunt would be thrilled to learn I - the unmarried disgrace - was off to live with two men in a creepy Scottish castle. She would love that scandal getting out."He smirked a little, "They don't own you Elle, you can do as you please...Besides you can't live here forever..." his gaze skimmed around the peaceful vista in front of them.She scoffed in agreement, "If it weren't for you staying, I'd have left this place after the wedding. With Octavia gone the house feels so empty...I even miss Abraxas - and if you tell him I said that I'll have to kill you," she laughed a little at the unlikely confession.He slowed as they approached the foot of a large oak tree, which sat a few meters from the lake - seemingly declaring it as their spot."And where will you go? The ball is a week away and then after all has gone to plan, you'll be free..." Tom pushed matter-of-factly, conjuring a blanket with his wand and finding a seat in between the thick roots of the tree.For a brief moment, Eleanor's stood there awkwardly as her disposition faltered and she struggled to formulate a response."I umm..." her brows stitched together as she looked down, "I'm not sure, maybe London...I've never actually been there beside St Pancras station and Diagon Alley...I've heard it's quite beautiful..."It was a lie of course. Her decision regarding the ball had not changed and there was no need for a dead woman to make plans for a future she was never going to have. London had always piqued her interest though, and perhaps if things were different she would indeed go there since she couldn't go home to Tuscany.A shiver ran down her back as she was met with the memory of her last visit there.
  The blood.

  The bodies piled up on the balcony.

  The library.

  His lips.

  His hands.
Luckily, Tom didn't seem to detect the lie and he grimaced at her answer - clearly not happy with the prospect of her going to London, the city he lived in all his life, alone. It was no secret he detested it, after leaving the orphanage for the last time, he even told Eleanor he would set the whole city on fire if he could."You would hate London," he shook his head disapprovingly as he spoke, "full of muggles and traffic...not to mention the disgusting pollution."She sighed, sitting down next to him and stealing the cigarette from his fingers. The air filled with the dancing smoke, as she tried to hide the smirk at her lips. Something about the way he was trying to persuade her from the city made her think he worried about her, or at least wanted her closer to him.It was pathetic, perhaps even a fantasy she had willingly misread, but nonetheless, it gave her an ounce of joy."I've heard there's an art gallery there that rivals the Uffizi...and there's even a muggle palace with a real muggle queen, like in the storybooks. Charlotte said the guards wear funny hats and the doors of the houses are painted in different colours..." she mused, her mind dancing with the novelty of it. Besides the occasional trips to Florence and her wanderings in the nearby village, she hadn't really seen much of the muggle world. She couldn't help but be fascinated by it and all the funny intricacies that they treated so normally.Tom turned to look at her as he reached out and took the cigarette back. His gaze was drenched in his characteristic condescension, but she didn't fail to notice that his lips twitched up, as if threatening to form a smile. The look was controlled at first but as she said the words with a dreamy tone, his endearment for her became increasingly poorly disguised.Even after all the time they had together, it was these moments that made her heart race and her cheeks blush.
  And just for a millisecond, she reconsidered her plans.
"I didn't realise you were such a muggle enthusiast..." he mocked, sinking his eyes into hers and taking joy from the rosy blush in her cheeks as if he had painted them himself.Eleanor let out a laugh at the ridiculousness of the insult and playfully hit him on the shoulder as she came down to rest her face on it. To her surprise,  he stretched his arm around her, pulling her into the warmth of his chest. This was how he was with her when they were alone, one-minute trading insults and the next, offering her the most simple yet devastating act of affection. It probably was twistedly deranged to most, but to them, it was almost normal.Their normal at least."I'm not an enthusiast" she corrected him, trying not to grin at the gesture. "I just haven't ever seen those muggle things before...the strangeness of it is interesting and besides, muggle or not, art is art and I'd like to see the Monet they have there."Although she couldn't see him, his body moved in a way that she could tell he was shaking his head in humoured disbelief.As she said the words, his mind was brought back to their time at the hotel in Florence. A memory of how she pressed all the buttons on the elevator just to see the doors open and shut on every floor flashed into his mind. The girl couldn't believe how it worked mechanically - without an ounce of magic. And then, the time he taught her - painstakingly - how to use the telephone to order room service. It must have taken her twenty minutes to figure out how to drag her fingers along the circular number dial. She took great joy in the way it rang and the voice picked up on the other end - so much so she almost forgot to speak when they answered. At the time, he found this incredibly frustrating of course and insanely childish - but now, oddly, the memories warmed his heart - a usually very cold place.She seemed to like to burn fires in the coldest of places.
  Tom hated that.
"My, my...Eleanor Margaret Grindelwald, what a disappointment you must be to your grandfather," he teased, looking down at her as she played with one of the buttons of his shirt in deep thought. A feeling stirred in him as he watched her mindlessly fiddle with it, her thick lashes spread across her pink cheeks as he looked down at her from above. It was something he noticed about her, a small intricacy in her character - she fidgeted when she was embarrassed.His fingers began to trace little circles on the skin of her arm and he felt the goosebumps form underneath his touch as he did.Good, he thought. "Perhaps he would be disappointed in me but he'd like you..." she admitted in a hushed voice, taking in the smell of tobacco and cologne as her head pressed against the cotton of his shirt.It was true. Her grandfather, Gellert Grindelwald was a man of principle and order. Above all things, he appreciated the strong will and determination of men. He was cunningly ambitious and perhaps would see some of himself in Tom if they were to ever cross paths. But Tom was different to him in one fundamental way. She was sure he wouldn't sacrifice his own family for the sake of his power."You should really read his letters..." he sighed after a moment of silence, "he might be trying to tell you something important."Every day at the breakfast table, an owl would deliver a letter to her. She had no idea how her grandfather had managed to get it past the increasingly watched postal system, but he did. And every morning without hesitation, she threw it in the fireplace without bothering to even open it."Whatever he has to say I don't care to hear, he betrayed me and my family...and for what? Half of Europe under his thumb and the rest, quacking in fear that he'll blow them up," she replied with a harsh tone laced in disgust.Tom paused, regarding her words carefully. He wanted to tell her that her grandfather was their only hope to keep the magical civilisation alive. That his work was undoubtedly fracturing the muggle defence and that he respected that. There were so many things he wanted to say, but she was unexpectedly fragile in the moment and he couldn't trust himself not to anger her.So instead, he remained silent on the matter and opted to open the book to where they left off last night.Eleanor had somehow managed to get him to read to her every night before bed. Something which Tom hated doing, ever since the first time it happened in the room of requirement all those months ago. He failed to notice her success at the manipulation, until he willingly pulled out Emma as they climbed into the sheets the night before. It was sly, but something deep within Tom liked the way she would hold onto his every word, resting her head on his chest as he recited the words to her. Maybe it was because it was the only time he thought she fully listened to him, or perhaps it was just the intimacy of the act. Either way, he couldn't bring himself to stop it and if he was being honest with himself, the books weren't half bad. 
  Not that he would admit it. 
"Right, back to this mumbling fool Mr Elton..." he drawled, turning the page as he felt her settle into him a little closer.He was too entrenched in the words of the book to notice she was grinning ear to ear, savouring the moment.
  ***
It was the same every night. As the grandfather clock struck 7:00 pm, Edwina Malfoy took a seat at the head of the table, followed by Actaeus and then Eleanor and Tom. The conversation was as intriguing as the food was flavourful and often resulted in Eleanor and Tom sharing bored expressions while her aunt rambled on about society gossip or her uncle spoke politics."How is your campaign coming, Thomas? The elves tell me that you and Eleanor have been very hard at work in the library..." Actaeus asked, growing tired of his wives incessant society chatter.Tom straightened slightly at the question and pasted a look of composure over his features, turning to her uncle with a tight, affirming grin."Very well thank you, Sir, we have been researching the nobel families for when it's time to rally support for the cause, planning the events and writing the call to arms speech..." he explained in his characteristic head boy drawl.Her uncle seemed to be pleased with this and gave him a proud, fatherly grin, "That's excellent to hear, we are both extremely happy to have you around to keep Eleanor busy with productive work.""Yes especially since she refuses to marry," her Aunt mumbled under her breath.She rolled her eyes at the comment, finding it humorous that even if she were without Tom (but doing the same thing), it would be regarded as unladylike and unbecoming - but with Tom it was productive. She knew they worried about her, locked away in the library, buried in books and never sleeping.Perhaps they were just glad she had a friend now to do it with."It's a pleasure to have her assist me with such matters," he replied, earning a quiet scoff from Eleanor across the table, who didn't appreciate that she had been demoted to his assistant in their flamboyant lie.Actaeus knew about the planned attack at the Aurors for Peace Ball, after all, he had offered to find them a way in. What he didn't know, was that Eleanor was actually attending too. This was something she had kept a secret. After all, there was no way he was going to allow her anywhere near the people that murdered her parents, especially after the profound guilt he felt for not protecting his sister - Eleanor's mother."Tell us Tom, since you were Head Boy...what was our dear Eleanor like at school?" her Aunt asked, turning towards him with a sweet smile.At that moment Eleanor wanted to be swallowed up by the earth and never return again. She knew Tom would take this opportunity to embarrass her as much as he could, but she just didn't know how.His eyes flickered over to her quickly with a teasing glint in them, "Well I must admit at first we didn't speak that much, but of course, I came to know her through Abraxas and the Slug Club...she was a good student, always did what she was told..." Tom lied silkily.His pointed gaze pierced into hers with the most charming act of politeness she had ever seen, but underneath them was a burning fire that singed her skin.Eleanor looked down burying her face in the thick curtain of her hair, now focusing intently on the rogue peas that scattered her plate. Unable, to contain the blush that rose in her cheeks, she attempted to recover and dragged her gaze up at him, to send him what could only be described as a look of severe warning."To be honest though Mrs Malfoy, I didn't see much of Eleanor she always was in the library or with Octavia...I was much more concerned with my Head Boy duties and work than the other student's whereabouts" he finished, dismissing the conversation with a bite of his lamb.Eleanor could see from the periphery of her vision that Tom's controlled demeanour was almost compromised by the cheek of a teasing grin. He always relished throwing her into a fit of embarrassment, especially when she couldn't walk away."That's funny, because Octavia said the exact same, except she mentioned that you two were practically inseparable...I thought perhaps..." she pushed, her words trailing off as the subtext of them hung in the air, plunging Eleanor into further embarrassment. 
  Of course, her Aunts two favourite games, match making and gossip.
"We had a joint assignment for transfiguration that lasted the duration of the term - we tended to study together for that," Eleanor rambled, the air almost choking her with the discomfort of her Aunts prying."Oh, and I gave Tom some tutoring in potions...the chemistry of alchemy really isn't his area I'm afraid...But we got there in the end, didn't we Tom?" she added with an innocent smile directed straight at the devil opposite her.Despite his demeanour not faltering, his gaze became darker, hungrier almost, like she was a deer and he was a starved hunter. But she didn't back down and delivered it straight back to him.The room was deathly silent as they committed to the staring contest.Her aunt let out a polite laugh at the awkwardness, "Oh forgive me, I'm just trying to put the pieces together...Abraxas doesn't talk much and it's hard to understand the dynamic of your little friend group. In any case, I'm glad you finally have a friend dear...I honestly thought it would never happen," she chuckled, taking another sip of her third glass of wine.Actaeus just sighed from the head of the table, seemingly bored by the whole interaction.As they were excused from the dinner table, she hurried out of her chair and made a quick run for the exit, not making eye contact with Tom as she dashed in front of him."Eleanor," her aunt's shrill voice called from behind her, she stilled with a sigh, "A moment please."She turned around to see the mocking grin pasted on Tom's face, and as he passed her, he leaned in and whispered, "My room," before disappearing out of the door.The words left her momentarily breathless as she attempted to recover in time to speak to her Aunt, who was gesturing her into the adjacent parlour from the far wall. Her Uncle had fled as soon as he could, seemingly not interested in the parlour talks of women.As she stepped into the small sitting room, her aunt found a place by the fire and directed her to sit opposite, with a sweet smile."Dippy!" she called, and an elf appeared with a 'poof' beside her, "Bring us some tea would you?" she instructed.The elf nodded and left, leaving an awkward silence in the room as Eleanor sat."Funny things elves, terribly ugly but extremely useful" she drawled in her aristocratic tone, "Especially when you have such a large household to run."She thought perhaps her Aunt was lonely, craving the company of her children who were both abroad, so Eleanor kindly indulged her."Yes, I can imagine it's quite the task..." she agreed, as Dippy appeared with a silver tray of tea and biscuits. The elf waved a hand and the teapot picked itself up and poured into the two fine bone china cups, which floated over to the women."Thank you Dippy," Eleanor whispered. She knew it was unconventional to be polite to elves, but it was something from her childhood that stuck with her and admittedly she didn't share her aunt's distaste for them. With a guilty smile, he disappeared without another word."It really is quite the task...being the lady of this house is a full-time job, especially with you children running about the place," she giggled, taking a sip of her piping hot tea, "but that's another good thing about elves, they keep track of the comings and goings for you...such as who wakes up in who's bed, for example..."Eleanor stilled at the words and her heart raced as she met Edwina's amused stare.
  Fuck.
She tried to offer up a defence, anxiously running a hand through her hair, but no sound escaped her lips."Honestly darling, did you really think I wouldn't notice the little love affair that's happening here? I mean... what sort of friends go for mid-morning strolls in the park and read to each other?""Aunt Edwina I can explain-" Eleanor began, ignoring the tea on her lap as she tried to claw herself out of the situation. The room was suddenly too hot.Surprisingly, her aunt burst into laughter patting her hand with a sympathetic tap, "Oh don't worry Eleanor, you're not in trouble...Honestly, Actaeus and I practically did it in every room of the manor when I was your age, we scared the living daylights out of your mother one day actually when she caught us in the kitchens..." she giggled, putting a hand over her mouth to suppress the fit she was thrown into."Luckily, she had a good sense of humour - much like myself."Eleanor just stared at her wide-eyed and unsure of how to respond."I merely just wanted to make sure you were using the contraception charm...before the wedding of course, it will take months to plan...but now I have the experience from Octavia's it will be so love-""There won't be any need for...concern," she cut her off, her voice high pitched and fraught with alarm, "I'm sorry for the dishonesty aunt I really am and I do apologise if I've been disrespectful. Tom and I...it's just a little complicated and I'm not quite sure...um...what exactly it is...So perhaps, the wedding bells should be put on hold for the moment."Her aunt seemed satisfied with her response and rested her teacup on its saucer with a motherly smile, "I'm happy for you Eleanor, he's a fine man...no Lestrange of course...but a fine man indeed," she admitted."Thank you Edwina" she mumbled in an embarrassed hush.She sighed in response, watching her niece eye the door longingly, "Go on then...off to bed."Eleanor shot up with a nod and opened the door with a fervour unlike any other."Oh and Eleanor..." Edwina called from behind her, "Do keep it down, won't you? We can't hear you from the east wing but I'm afraid the elves can - and they are highly descriptive..."Her face burned with the force of a thousand blushes as she gave a weak 'okay' and bounded out of the room, running up the stairs to the safety of the west wing of the manor. When she came to his door, she burst in without knocking finding him at his desk, writing a letter with his back to her."Do you ever knock?" Tom drawled, not having to turn around to know it was her. Eleanor was the only one that would commit such rudeness and admittedly, she was the only one that he would let get away with it."I um...I need a cigarette," she declared, rushing over to his bedside and stealing one from the well-stocked stash."Help yourself, it's not like I gave you a refilling case for Christmas..." he mumbled, his attention still directed at whatever he was writing.Rolling her eyes, she lit it and took a deep inhale savouring the feeling of it feeling her lungs. It was a dirty habit she had come to develop and of course, as with everything she blamed Tom."So, are you going to tell me why you look like you're on the verge of a nervous breakdown?" he asked, getting up from the desk and coming over to the neatly made bed, where she had plopped herself and messed the covers. "Did they try and marry you off to Lestrange again?" his tone was mocking and the edges of his lips twitched with a grin. Eleanor stared up to the ceiling in dramatic sorrow, "Has anyone ever died of embarrassment before?"He smirked, looking over her long, slender form stretched out on his sheets with hungry eyes."Why, are you attempting to be the first? That's an interesting approach to suicide Eleanor, very creative...much better than the standard lake or astronomy tower..." his tone dripped with humour. She let out an empty, manic laugh and sat up, turning to him with a serious glare, "My aunt knows about..." her words trailed into silence as she struggled to find the words, "this...us.""Us..?" he drawled in faux confusion, eyeing her with cruel amusement.She huffed, seemingly annoyed at his teasing, "The sex" she whispered, looking around in the empty room for any sign of an elf. Of course, there wasn't one, but now she was on guard.His smirk deepened as he sat onto the bed next to her, taking the cigarette from her fingers, "Well, that is embarrassing...for you" he offered, with a lot of amusement and very little sympathy."You don't care?" she returned, bewildered at his response watching him as he casually exhaled the smoke."No...why should I? If you ask me she seems rather glad about it all actually," he mused, watching the panic in her gaze with delight.She scoffed, "You have no idea...she even asked me if I was conjuring the contraception charm..."Tom looked at her blankly, not sharing her trepidation in the slightest, "And...I'm assuming you are?""Of course!" she shot back, not enjoying the teasing."Well then there's nothing to worry about is there..?" he dismissed, putting out the cigarette and in one swift move pinning her down onto the bed. His body found its place firmly between her parted legs.She gazed up at him with wide eyes, knowing full well she should say no but not being able to rid herself of the touch she craved."The elves can hear everything..." she whispered with a warning tone.Tom's eyes danced with amusement as he took the sight of her in beneath him. Slowly, he dipped his head down to run hot, wet kisses along her neck, the sensation causing her to lose all of the anxiety that once flowed through her. As his tongue found her sweet spot and she felt the hardness in his trousers brush against her, she let out a small gasp, arching her back."Well then...you're going to have to keep it down...if you can," his voice reverberated against her skin and tightened a knot deep inside her.This man was going to be the death of her.
  Hopefully.
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
As the mid-afternoon sun shone through the windows of the library, the peaceful hum of turning pages, scratching quills and the books sorting themselves back onto the shelves filled the air. Eleanor watched as Tom focused on the parchment in front of him, his brow slightly creased, lips pressed in a thin line eyes like daggers, cutting through every word. Her eyes skirted down to his neck, peaking above the collared shirt and then down to his veiny hands, one of which sat on the desk, slightly tensed and fiddling with the band of his Gaunt ring.This is how she would remember him."Didn't anyone ever teach you not to stare?" he said suddenly in a low, raspy voice, not removing his eyes from the page.She smiled, giving him a breathy laugh, "I was actually, I'm just not very fond of doing as I'm told..."His brow raised, and he hummed in agreement putting down the parchment and rubbing his eyes from the hour of uninterrupted focusing."What's that?" she asked, reaching to pick up the discarded item of his interest.Tom sat back in his chair, knotting his fingers together in front of him as his elbows rested on the arms, "A letter from Rosier, he says the self-protection wards he's been perfecting are finally done...although apparently Avery's been a bit difficult to reach lately - he's managed to do it himself. Theodore has been using his father's connections in the ministry to ensure he will have an opportunity to take care of the wine...all he needs now is the potion..."Eleanor nodded, "We still need the Antarctic opal ash, the potion is coming along well but that's the only thing we need to finish the brew.""I know an illicit materials dealer in Knockturn Alley that has been very helpful with the rest of the ingredients. He said he would owl when the ash came in from the south...I expect to hear from him any day now." Tom replied, diligently gathering all of the parchment that Eleanor had messed into a neat pile."Can I come?" she asked, her ears pricking up at the prospect of visiting London.He raised a brow at her, "Are you familiar with the challenges of conversing with black market traders in back alleys?""No..." she admitted, her voice trailing into solemn disappointment."Then no, you may not," Tom declared, opening another letter in front of him, seemingly addressed from the Greek Isles - clearly from Caspian, "You can stay here and wait for any further news from the boys, posting via invisible owls has proven to be a bit of a problem."Eleanor gave an agitated huff at his dismissal, not satisfied with his lack of interest in taking her with him. She watched as he ignored her, sinking his attention into the words on the letter and letting the silence consume the room once more.Her mind reeled, not able to wait for another opportunity to ask. After all, she had waited long enough.""You know...it's my birthday tomorrow," she drawled, running her finger over the smooth mahogany of the desk.A small pause followed her words as he attempted to decipher them, "What do you want, Eleanor?" he sighed, seeing straight through her instantly, "Because I know it's not a bloody birthday cake...And don't say to come to Knockturn Alley because it's a firm no,"  he looked up at her from the parchment as if she was the source of all his tiredness.She smiled at him sweetly, "I want to try it again...the energy bridge.""Absolutely not," he replied in a hard voice, returning to his letter with the shake of his head.Her face twisted into frustration as she leant forward, "You said we could! You said after we graduated and when we were away from suspicion...this is the perfect opportunity!"A surge of anger ran through him as he listened to her pleading words, "Do you even remember what happened the last time you tried it?" Tom snapped at her, his features overcome with grave seriousness."It was a mistake and I've apologised for that...But imagine what could happen if we both prepared for it-" she began, but was cut off before she could finish.He stood up out of his chair abruptly, running a hand through his messy raven hair and eyeing her as if she were crazy."I thought you were dead Eleanor..." he admitted in a low hushed tone that sent a pang of guilt straight into her heart, "I dragged you, bloody and battered to the infirmary thinking I had killed you..."The way he was looking at her caused Eleanor to shift uncomfortably in her seat like she was the source of every ounce of pain he had ever endured.Like he hated the memory.She bit her lip and looked up at him with wide, pleading eyes, "Then let's try it correctly this time...without being mid-curse and in an enclosed classroom...please."His glare was piercing and if looks could kill she would be six feet under. A familiar war waged behind his eyes as he regarded her and the embers that burned in them made her think she was torturing him from within.Moments went by in silence and she began to think he was on the brink of refusing her.With an exasperated sigh, and a shake of his head he grabbed the book in front of him and his jacket that was hanging on the back of his chair."Fine," Tom finally conceded, before leaning into her with a pointed finger and a warning gaze, "But you can't fuck around Eleanor, we do this safely and we do it once...and then I never want to hear about it again."He turned on his heel and started for the door, seemingly needing his space from her company."When?" she called out, unable to disguise the joy in her voice."Meet me at the tree in an hour," he yelled back, not bothering to turn around again.She smiled in triumph, reaching out to the book of Russian history to revisit the passage about the 'lover's knot'.
  ***
  
  
  
At the turn of the hour, she approached the path that lead to the lake with a rushed stride. She could see him leaning against the trunk, back faced to her and she already knew she was in trouble for not being on time.As she approached, he turned to her with a sharp glare and folded arms and no amount of her sweet smiling would crack his mood."How is it that you're always late? Do you not own a watch?" Tom scolded her, eyeing her odd choice of attire with a dragged, slightly judgemental gaze."Italians have a loose concept of time... let's call it my social conditioning...plus timing is more of a guideline anyway. My mother always used to say that a Grindelwald lady is never late and simply everyone else is early..." she laughed, attempting to break him out of his foul mood.His eyes seemed fixated on her trousers, which she threw on instead of her usual skirt or dress, "What on Earth are you wearing?"Eleanor scoffed at his disgusted expression, looking down at the tan slacks and her little brogues, "Well I could hardly wear a dress and heels, it's impractical for conjuring magic like this..."Tom didn't seem convinced and after hurling another look of disapproval to the pants, he held out his arm to her expectantly. As he did, her brows knitted in confusion, forming two straight lines on her forehead."You didn't think we were going to try your psychotic idea here did you?" he drawled impatiently, waiting for her to catch on, "We need to go somewhere you can destroy...I don't think you're Aunt would appreciate destruction on the grounds..."She contemplated his words for a while, before nodding and reaching out to take his arm.It wasn't any better the second time this week and the familiar feeling of her organs being inverted and her equilibrium being compromised graced her body as they disappeared with a loud crack. She fell onto something hard as they hit the ground, but the sound of waves crashing against the shore was enough for her to realise where he had brought her. Slowly, she sat up from her unladylike position, sprawled on top of Tom, who assisted in shoving her off with his arms.The beach was beautiful at this time of day and it looked remarkably less frightening in the golden hue of the sunset, despite the cold chill in the air. In the sunlight, she could see the drastic heights of the white cliff face and the small caves that were etched into them in the distance. The smell of the salty air swept by her and a flock of seagulls squawked up ahead. It was oddly peaceful and gave her the impression that they were the only people for many kilometres."Where is this place anyway?" she asked, brushing the sand off her trousers and looking up at him."Dover, a small coastal area about two hours from London."Eleanor took a moment to appreciate the surroundings and enjoyed the crisp air as it whipped past her face and sent her hair flying wildly. "Why here?" she asked, turning to him as his attention was directed at the caves in the distance. A faint shiver ran down her spine and goosebumps plucked up on her skin."When I was 8, the orphanage took us on a camping trip not far from here...I come here sometimes, just to think..." he answered, taking off his jacket and putting it around her shoulders.Another small gesture that she came to savour."And yet you would let me 'destroy it' with my psychotic idea" she mused with a grin, enjoying the warmth around the shoulders.Tom didn't answer and instead, fixated on rolling up his sleeves, readying for the action.Eleanor shook herself out of the daydream of watching as he revealed the veins in his arms and cleared her throat, "I think I know what went wrong last time..." she announced."Oh good, perhaps we'll leave here alive then," he shot back in a condescending tone.She elected to ignore it and continued, "The energy bridge needs to be formed first and then the magic can be conjured...I also don't think it's wise to be using that magic on each other. It seems to me, that its use is for a joint offence - so in retrospect, perhaps conducting it while we were attacking each other was rather dangerous..."Tom gave her a pointed look with a raised brow as a gust of wind blew his hair over his face, "You think so?" he asked in a patronising tone.Eleanor rolled her eyes and took his hands in hers, feeling the cold skin of his fingers wrap into the warmth of her own."What are doing?" he asked in a sharp tone, watching confusingly down to their embraced hands - but he didn't pull away."Strengthening the connection...the book says that physical touch is the best way to start it - and I know that repulses you but you're going to have to deal with it..." she sighed in an unsympathetic tone.He scrunched up his nose slightly but nodded, somehow finding this particular form of intimacy difficult to process - despite the history of their many touches.Her grip tightened slightly around his hands as she sunk her stormy gaze into his darkened eyes. Ever since he came back from Albania, his eyes had lost their blueish hue and in its place, was a stare slightly more foreboding and deep - like the blackened waters in the horizon.Slowly, she began to raise the energy around her form, making it thick and strong like a blanket around her. With a concentrated breath, she extended it outwards, sending the strong invisible rope to him. It was obvious when he felt it because despite his own intense concentration he jolted slightly at the warmth and shifted under the sensation of it wrapping around him like a hot cable engulfing his own space.When he felt it tighten sightly around him, he projected his own energy towards her weaving through the invisible rope that already bound them and wrapping around her. The coldness licked at her skin, somehow sinking through the fabric of her clothes and left a glacial impression as it mercilessly bound her.As they stood, energy weaved and connected they found the frequency that hummed in between and met it. It was unlike anything they had ever felt before, the energy wasn't sparking and chaotic like it was in the Defence Against The Dark Arts classroom. It felt powerful in a controlled way - a refined force that surged quietly with the reverberation of the strength of dark magic. A familiar feeling rushed through them, igniting a pleasure that could only be likened to the way it felt after using the killing curse.Because that's the thing about dark magic, it was addictive and insatiably euphoric - kind of like love.Eleanor winced slightly as she felt the ring on her finger burn and she knew they had done something because it began to emulate a glow she had not seen before. It was as if the energy bridge activated it, summoning the talismans magic within."Fire a curse at that cliff," she commanded in a slow, hushed voice, still adjusting to their new state.He hated being told what to do, but not even that could dull the ecstasy pumping through his veins and he nodded intently, keeping one hand laced in his as he raised his wand to the nearby stone wall.As he shot the curse, she felt the magic as if it was coming from her own body and the force of it knocked them back, like firing a cannon. The electrically crimson magic flew with lightning speed into the cliff face and made a deafening boom as the contact resulted in a whole shard of the coastline crashing down onto the beach in front of them. Luckily, Eleanor was quick to cast a protective shield over them, as the shore filled with debris, flying shards of stone, displaced sand and dust. The spell's effect seemed to be magnified tenfold, despite the long-distance he cast it from.It was the most beautifully powerful form of magic they had ever seen and as they watched the white cliff crumble and crash - he held her hand a bit tighter.And she smiled in the wake of their destruction. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
  
  "Everything is more beautiful because we are doomed.

  You will never be lovelier than you are right now,

  and we will never be here again."

  -Homer, The Iliad
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
Eighteen.Eighteen years of life. She had woken up to the summer breeze and the warmth of the sunlight peeking through her curtains without the giddy childish excitement that she used to have for birthdays.In the past, birthdays were a momentous occasion that her mother planned weeks in advance. Trips into Florence to the Uffizi, a lavish dinner in the Tuscan gardens by candlelight and all the sweet delicacies one could consume within the space of twenty-four hours.Instead, an odd feeling of dread replaced these sentimental thoughts and she knew that by Sunday evening, she would be drained of all her youth, dead in the ground. There was a dark poetry to it, she supposed. A lifetime of youth not being aged only the cruel hand of time, forever living in people's memories as the fresh-faced, warm cheeked girl she was.She wondered how Tom would remember her. If perhaps he would think of her when he looked to the faint scar on his face that she gave to him in Dover, or maybe, she would slip into his mind when the silver cigarette case was given back to him from her possessions. Forever was a long time to be without someone that she would die for. And forever was a long time to be apart from someone he would do anything to see live.Maybe that's how they would stay, haunted by each other and their differing finality.He would bring flowers to her grave and she would bring flowers to the grave of the man he used to be.Like two lovers, dancing on the line between life and death, a dark and twisted tango they had come to know well. The harsh reality is that the dance is always destined to end, the music fades and the stage curtains draw.
  All 
  that is 
  left is the memory of how they were, she hoped that was enough.
As she shifted into further consciousness and felt a strong arm wrap around her torso from behind, she decided that today she wouldn't take anything for granted.Because today she would remember her last birthday and the way Tom Riddle wrapped her in his arms as the morning sun crept upon them."You know it's quite the scandal for me to be in bed with an older woman," he drawled into her ear, his voice raspy from the night of sleep.She instinctively melted into his arms, pushing herself into his body as if craving the full propensity of his touch."Oh no...perhaps I'll ruin your reputation as the perfect gentleman...What will the Nobel houses say about their golden boy..." she agreed with a grin.He chuckled into her ear and it sent a reverberation through her that lit a small fire deep within her heart."Well you've already ruined me, Eleanor - so you may as well finish the job," he admitted silkily, running a warm hand over the side of her thigh and waist, feeling the rise and dip of her body's curves and the soft skin that folded over them.She let out a deep breath as she closed her eyes savouring the sensation."It's only fair I think - since you've well and truly ruined me..." Eleanor replied, feeling the hot wet kiss that he planted on her shoulder blade.Tom hummed in agreement.After a moment, he let go of her and ripped himself out of the bed, shooting up like a man in a sudden hurry. As she felt him lift off the bed, she had to stop herself from wincing at the absence of his touch. Turning over, she watched as he threw on his boxer shorts and the t-shirt he had neatly set on the armchair nearby."Where are you going?" she asked, the dissatisfaction of his abruptness clear in her voice.Tom turned to her frowning face with a small smirk as he took in her messy hair and bare creamy skin wrapped in the sheets. It was a sight he always enjoyed."Pack a bag with enough clothes for a couple of nights and meet me downstairs in an hour," he demanded with a cheeky glint in his eye, watching as confusion grew on her face. He strode towards the door, off to his room to do the same, stopping before he left and turning back to her once more."And don't be late, it's rude enough as it is on a daily basis but seeing as I've organised this birthday present for you, it would be extremely offensive,""Wait...birthday present?" she called after him as he left, slamming the door shut and leaving her in a mix of utter confusion and delight.
  ***
  
  
  
Approximately 56 minutes later, she descended the grand staircase, showered, hair neatly curled and packed trunk in hand.Assuming he was taking them via the floo, she walked into the parlour trying to disguise the excited grin on her face.Tom stood in the corner of the room, Daily Prophet open in front of him, somewhat distracted by the page. As always he managed to look prim and proper as ever, suited in tailored pants and a button-up that managed to frame his body better than any other man."Are you only early when there's a gift involved, or are you simply turning a new leaf?" he asked, peering over the newspaper to view her surprisingly put-together appearance.She grinned in amusement, setting the trunk down at the floor of the fireplace, "Where are you taking me?"Folding the newspaper and placing it on the table in front of him, he leaned down to check his watch, "That's the whole point of presents, it's a surprise.""I hate surprises," she whined, giddy with excitement.Tom sighed looking appreciatively over her choice of attire, a pretty blue summer dress that flared at the waist.Much better than those pants."Yes you may hate surprises, but as I seem to recall - you love me," he stated back to her with a teasingly patronising voice. Ever since she said the words to him there wasn't a day he wouldn't either make her say them again or remind her of it. There was an odd addiction he had to them like the taste of a forbidden fruit that he had never before imagined.Eleanor huffed bashfully, tired of him bringing it up in every possible situation to embarrass her, "You're never going to let me live that down, are you?""Absolutely not," he replied matter of factly, picking up their suitcases and entering the fireplace, gesturing for her to follow.She entered in beside him, silently jittery with the anticipation and watched as he gathered a heap of floo powder in his hand."The Ministry of Magic, London" he commanded, drawing down the powder to the floor as they burst into flames.
  ***
  
  
  
After the short walk from the ministry, he stopped at a grand looking building adorned with golden letters that read 'The Savoy'."A muggle hotel in a city you despise?" she asked incredulously, as they entered the turnstile and approached the lobby."Don't say I never do anything for you Grindelwald," he replied curtly, making his way over to the lobby desk and speaking to the muggle behind the counter, leaving her in awe in the centre.She looked around and took in the busy muggles rushing in and out.  Her eyes focused on a small boy, no more than five tugging at his mother's skirt, desperately wanting attention. She was too busy fiddling through her purse, trying to find something to notice. The boy locked eyes with her and stopped fretting, slowly a small smile played on his fat little lips as he gazed up to her with intrigue. Eleanor raised a hand to wave at him and he laughed, waving back the thick mop of chocolate hair bouncing as he did."Eleanor!" Tom called out to her, eyeing her impatiently from the elevator doors, his gaze flickering over to the child briefly in confusion. Her pace quickened as he made his way into the elevator, holding it open as she rushed in. Tom sighed, releasing a disappointed breath as he pressed the button of level 10, the top floor."Adding child theft to your list of crimes are you?" he drawled at her with a mocking smirk as the doors shut. She eyed him suspiciously, not fully convinced that he had actually done something so surprisingly thoughtful just for her. Silently, he lead her to one of the two rooms on the floor, not bothering with the key and simply waving his hand to unlock the door. Her head whipped around cautiously, checking to see if no one saw, but of course, they were the only ones in the corridor.As the door opened she followed him in and gasped at the surroundings. It was even more beautiful than the Four Seasons. She couldn't help but rush over to the wall of glass that covered the entire north aspect of the room, placing her palms on the glass as she gasped at the view. The whole London skyline was illuminated in the warm sunshine, framed perfectly by the blue hue of the Thames. Her wide eyes skirted over the clock building 'Big Ben' her father told her about and the many bridges that stitched the two sides of the city together.The city was beautiful from above, and she couldn't help but think that it resembled one of the landscape paintings that hung in her childhood home."You can't see the rats from this high I suppose," he mused, leaning against the dining table as he watched her, "or the emergency bunkers..."Eleanor tore her gaze from the captivating skyline and landed it on Tom, who was smirking at her childish bewilderment."All this for me...why?" she whispered, unable to make sense of it all.Tom let out an empty laugh, "You know why, Elle," he responded in a thick raspy voice, before quickly adding, "Besides, as you know I have business to attend to in Knockturn Alley..." and sending their trunks into the large adjacent bedroom and busying himself with tasks. Something about the action told her he admitted more than he wanted.But she couldn't help but let out a deep breath, returning her gaze to the skyline to momentarily collect herself. After a few moments, she followed him into the bedroom which smelled of fresh linen and sweet flowers. The expansive room was as grand as it was vast and she couldn't help but eye the large bathtub in the corner of the bathroom. Tom had already put all their clothes away and seemingly took the liberty of folding hers for her - she threw them messily into the trunk before they left as she rushed."So..." she started, somehow feeling awkward in the situation, "Are we going somewhere tonight?"Tom turned to her surveying her shifted stance and her lack of eye contact, "Yes," he replied, clearly not giving away any of the apparent surprises.Folding her arms she nodded, glancing at the bathtub again and making a vow to get in it at some point, "I'm guessing that's a surprise too?""It is." his voice was hard but his eyes carried a hint of amusement at her frustration."Okay well...how about a walk? Then, you can go to Knockturn Alley and I can explore,"A seriousness overcame his features as he walked closer to her, "This city is dangerous Eleanor, muggles - especially the men can be brutes-" he began to warn.She rolled her eyes at him, sending a confident stare into his, "I won't wander far...you can leave me at that awful cafe in Diagon Alley and I won't move from my seat..." she reached out to touch him on the shoulder, desperate to convince him, "I would very much like to go and see The Big Benjamin and the muggle Queen..."As she said the words, the faint shadow of a smile etched at his lips and he tilted his head, attempting not to laugh."The Big Ben...you mean? And you know the Queen doesn't just sit out on her balcony all day, waving to the peasants..."Eleanor dragged her body into his, closing the gap between them and planted a chaste kiss on his lips."You're such a fucking know-it-all, has anyone ever told you that?" she asked, inches from his lips as her doe eyes stared up into his piercing ones."No, they haven't," he replied, tightening his grip on her waist and slamming her body into his with force.Eleanor let out a breathy laugh, "And you're a liar too..." her voice was soft yet laced with a lusty haziness as her lips found their place back on his.
  ***
To Eleanor's surprise, Tom knew the large city as if it was the back of his hand. Every turn, bridge and street seemed memorised as if it was one of the many spells he had hidden away in his mind.He took her to Big Ben first, failing at keeping a straight face when explaining that the clock's name actually wasn't Benjamin, rather that is the name of the person who oversaw its construction. This seemed to both disappoint and confuse Eleanor. As they stood on Westminster bridge with the wind whipping through their hair, they waited patiently for it to toll - so she could once and for all dispel the rumour she heard that it was deafeningly loud. While they waited for the chime, he explained the process of parliament to her and the house of Lords and she listened carefully, every so often, people watching the other bridge goers.Then, Tom took her through St James' park recalling how he used to come there as a child and try to catch the pigeons and sell them for extra money. Apparently, he made quite a fortune, as he worked out how to charm their wings to stop flying, making them easy to grab and trade with the people in the street. However, his entrepreneurial spirit was hastily dampened when the muggle police gave him a canning- and sent him off on his way. Eleanor enjoyed hearing about his childhood, although she was smart enough to know that he only told her the good bits. Even in recalling the fond memories, there was an undertone of darkness - hatred even - for his time there. She wondered if he would ever be ready to tell her what happened at the orphanage that made him detest London and the muggles so much, but she didn't push it today.By the time they had arrived at Buckingham Palace, it was late in the afternoon. After being privy to some of the grandest palaces and private manors in Europe, Eleanor was left slightly unimpressed at the so-called wonder, which she likened to a 'less beautiful Lestrange Manor'. Tom watched her curiously as she ran straight up to the guards who were stationed at the gates. Her eyes were wide as she inspected the impossibly high fur hats atop their heads - before bursting into a fit of outrageous laughter. Seemingly she agreed with Charlotte's assessment of them being outlandish. Tom had to drag her away from the poor man, who Eleanor was quite obviously ridiculing with her amusement."How on Earth are they meant to guard anyone with those bears on top of their heads?" she giggled, "I could kill them all by just pulling the ridiculous things over their eyes. These muggles...no wonder they fight so many wars, they probably can't see who they're fighting half the time."He simply shook his head at her humoured state, turning away to hide the smile that formed on his lips.Their tourist journey continued as they wove through the wealthy boroughs that lead to the entrance of Diagon Alley. At some point between their walk through the bustling streets of Mayfair and Holborn, she had grabbed his hand and as much as the impulse took over, he couldn't bring himself to let it go. After a few taps of the bricks in Leadenhall alley, they finally reached the more civilised company of magical society and he relaxed a little, feeling more at home than in the grimy city. Welcoming the rich scent of vanilla and freshly baked goods, they found a cosy table by the window of a tearoom."How long will you be?" Eleanor asked, taking great joy in the large slice of cake that had just been placed in front of her.Tom took a sip of the steaming tea in front of him, clearly not bothering with his own slice of cake, "Not long, maybe half an hour...I trust you can stay out of trouble for that long?" his tone was pointed and he raised a warning brow at her.She rolled her eyes at the comment with a sigh, "If I must..." reaching into her bag she pulled out a book and held it up with a teasing smile, "I brought Mr Darcy with me for company."He hummed, not seeming very amused at the joke and began to stand, gathering his jacket and wand. Before leaving he turned into her, leaning down and brushing his lips against the cartilage of her ear. She couldn't help still at the sudden touch of it."The things I'm going to do to you tonight will make you never think twice about your precious Mr Darcy ever again...Now eat your fucking birthday cake and stay put," he commanded in a raspy whisper.Tom pulled away to look at her with a satisfied smirk as he indulged in the blush of her cheeks and her slightly agape mouth as she registered the words. He left her at the table without saying anything else.It took her a moment to recover and she whipped around to see if anyone else had heard what he had said. Luckily, the tearoom was quiet at the late hour of the afternoon and she was glad to be the only one to have heard it. Shaking herself out of the daze he put her in, she opened the book and began where she left off, every now and then pecking at the chocolate cake in front of her."You're a very hard woman to find Eleanor," a thick Russian accent sounded from somewhere nearby, pulling her out of her Austen fantasy and back into the tearoom.Surprise overcame her soft features as her gaze whipped up from the pages to the man standing in front of the little table.It was Anton."Anton," she breathed with heavy shock and wide eyes, "What...what are you doing here?"His tanned features twisted into a small smirk as he looked down at her for a moment, clearly admiring what he saw. For some reason this attention made her feel uncomfortable and instinctively, she looked out of the window beside her for any sign of Tom.But alas there was none."May I?" he asked, gesturing to Tom's seat.Her eyebrows knitted together slightly, contemplating her answer before giving up on the idea of turning him away, "Of course, but I'm afraid I don't think I'll be here for much longer. I'm waiting for...someone..."The broad-shouldered man sat down, making himself comfortable, clearly unbothered by the apparent apprehension to him joining her. And in that moment she wished nothing more than for him to leave her alone in peace with her book and afternoon tea.A small, agitated grin met her lips, "Let me guess...my grandfather has sent you," she surmised, looking him over speculatively."Did you expect him to find it humourous that you have ignored all of his correspondence?"Her stormy eyes narrowed down into his, anger slowly rising in her, "Did he expect me to find it humourous that he failed to protect my family?"Anton stared at her for a moment, regarding her unfriendly demeanour before letting out a deep chuckle. She had no idea what aspect of him bothering her was so amusing, but clearly he knew something she didn't. Despite his attractiveness, there was something undeniably cruel glinting in his features that set her on edge."Allow me to explain so you finally understand...you are the sole heir to the Grindelwald line, it is not your place nor your duty to be ignorant or dismissive of your Grandfather. When he wins this war-""If he wins this war," she cut in, correcting him with a sharp tone.He ignored her and continued, "When the war is won, he means to establish a legacy that will outlive all of us...the Grindelwald name will live on forever heralded as the true unifier of magical people,"Eleanor shot him a disinterested gaze, "And so why are you here bothering me? Go and win this war you keep blabbering on about-""I'm here because now that you're eighteen, your grandfather wants you to marry," he shot back, leaning forward with a patronising smile.A look of bewilderment overcame her and she leaned back, subconsciously putting as much space between them as possible, "And who does my grandfather think is worthy enough for that honour," she snapped sarcastically.Anton didn't respond and merely sat back, relaxing into the chair a knowing smile growing on his chiselled face. He tapped his fingers on the table as he watched her silently put the pieces together.
  No.

  Fuck no.
Her body went rigid and her eyes seemed to soften as the realisation hit her like a full-speed train."No...absolutely not," she refused with a manic shake of her head and a firm voice.He grinned at her like a hungry wolf, reaching out to her hand on the table and taking it in his forcefully, "I'm afraid dorogaya, there is no room for opinion in the matter...it's been settled already."Eleanor tried to rip her hand away with a snarl, but he gripped it tighter. She felt her heart begin to race and she wondered if she killed him right then and there how many onlookers she would have to obliviate before she was sent to Azkaban. By her judgement, too many."I'd rather jump off a cliff," she spat with a venomous tone.Or push you off one, she added in her head.It was the truth.He laughed deeply at her, tightening his grip so it began to hurt, "Oh don't worry, you can...but only after you give me sons..."As the words sunk into her min and brought up unwelcome images, her stomach flipped and she wanted to vomit. Her hand twitched slightly for her wand as she bit back the venom in her mouth.Silently, she added his name to her list of people she wanted dead.The screeching sound of a wooden chair being dragged towards them on the harsh stone floor pulled them from the heated conversation. Tom appeared next to the table, jaw clenched and eyes full of untapped rage, his gaze squarely on her trapped hand. He placed the chair at the table between them and sat down, filling the air with tension as he did.Eleanor let out a faint sigh of relief at his presence."Am I interrupting something?" he sneered in a quiet, violent tone that set the hairs on Eleanor's skin upright, "I didn't realise they let vermin in such an establishment..."She glared over to Anton opposite her, who stiffened slightly at Tom's presence and seemed to be looking between them, calculating and analysing their apparent camaraderie. He seemed to recognise him from the night of the masquerade by the way he turned his nose up slightly."Leave, before I kill you," she warned, in a low voice that carried an edge, "And don't bother coming back. You can tell grandfather I said no."He shifted slightly under Eleanor and Tom's furious gazes seemingly realising he was overpowered and outnumbered. Slowly, he released her hand, which had gone white under the pressure of his grip. With a small smirk and a condescending nod, he stood up, reaching into his jacket pocket for something.As soon as he did, Tom raised his wand, warning him not to take out whatever he had concealed. But before Anton could register the warning, he pulled out a small navy velvet box, that looked to be from a jeweller. Anton tossed it over to Eleanor, and she caught it right before it hit her square in the face."Happy birthday dorogaya see you at the alter," he spat, before sending one last menacing glare to Tom and turning on his heel and waltzing out of the tearoom.Tom visibly stiffened at the words and turned his attention to Eleanor with a raised brow, looking her over for any sign of injury or trace of his touch left on her. Despite finding nothing except the clear distress on her features, he couldn't find himself to relax."You were right," she laughed bitterly, "We should have killed him when we had the chance."She couldn't bear to look at what she knew was inside the box - judging by the heavy weight and size it was an incredibly expensive and gaudy diamond ring.
  What a gentlemanly proposal.
With a scowl, she threw it carelessly onto the table as if it were nothing more than a scrap of rubbish. Biting her lip, she turned her tortured gaze out to the window, begging herself not to cry. This was the nail in her coffin. There was no way she could come out of that ball alive. If hell waited for her on either side, she would rather die young with love in her heart than old and bitter.He was still too furious to speak as he looked over to Eleanor's sorrowful features, lit by the warm glow of the sunset. Tom could see the glint of her watery eyes and noticed how she shook slightly and decided it was time for them to leave. Although not being privy to the entire conversation, her face and the ring box made the sentiment obvious.
  She was right, they should have killed him.
And in that moment, he made a silent vow to take care of their unfinished business.He placed a hand softly over hers, "Let's go...I never thought I'd say this but - you need a strong drink," Tom admitted through clenched teeth, standing up and putting the parcel he retrieved from Knockturn alley in his jacket pocket safely.Eleanor nodded silently and followed his lead standing. But before they could walk away, she opened her arms and crashed into his body, engulfing him in a desperate hug. Tom couldn't help going rigid as she did, he always hated hugs and public displays of affection. But for some reason, this was different. It was like he needed her and a depraved part of him liked that. He wrapped his arms around her tightly and rested his chin on her head, as the scent of lavender whirled around him. He breathed it in like oxygen.Slowly, she pulled away, glancing at the little box still sitting on the table with disgust. To his surprise, she reached down and picked it up, turning to him with a small grin that didn't quite reach her bloodshot eyes. He frowned in confusion as he began to comprehend her drastic change of mood."Ten galleons says this thing sinks in the Thames," she mused, holding it up to him with a cheeky raised brow."Deal, but if I win I get to kill him," Tom responded, with amusement pulling at his lips."Deal."
  ***
Her eyes frantically ripped through the array of neatly organised clothes in the wardrobe, skimming over the multitude of options she had brought. Somehow, the piles of clothes were not enough and she felt regret seep into her as the fret of having nothing to wear entered her mind.The muggle whiskey she drank upon their return didn't help either."I need a clue on the dress code!" she yelled out, kicking herself for not checking the details earlier.Tom's impatient droll carried from the bed of their room, "There's something for you to wear hanging in the bathroom."
  What?
She peeked her head out of the door, with a confused look plastered on her features - somehow deeming it inappropriate to be seen by him in her undergarments, despite him seeing her naked nearly every night for the past week. Tom's long-form laid out on the bed, as he read the book she had given him. Although by the look on his face, he didn't seem to be enjoying Little Women anymore than Pride and Prejudice. Her brow furrowed at his attire; tuxedo pants and half undone white button-up shirt, with a bow tie, lazily hanging around his neck yet to be tied."You bought me a dress?" Eleanor queried with a small smile.He didn't remove his eyes from the pages of his book as he replied, "No, that's a birthday gift from Octavia...Does this Amy girl get any less perpetually irritating?""Oh..." she said, surprised by the gesture, "And yes...she does, that is the beauty of character development Thomas," she giggled to herself at the new name she had given him, rushing into the bathroom from the long corridor of the wardrobe."Don't call me that," she heard his gruff voice call out after her, but it wasn't as much of a threat as an exhausted request. It had started as a joke after hearing her uncle refer to him by his full name every night at the dinner table. Soon enough, it became hard to drop and the way it annoyed him seemed to make it even more appealing to her.Hanging on the door was an elegantly dramatic black gown, glittering with a thousand intricate embellishments. Instinctively, she ran her fingers over the divine fabric, which as it reflected from the light looked like a starry night sky."I thought we were going out for dinner?" she called out again, "This is a bloody ball gown, I'll look ridiculous!""I never said that," he replied with an exasperated sigh, from the other side of the door, "Just put it on and stop asking questions - that's against the general rules of the concept of a surprise...that you go along with it."She rolled her eyes as they fixed onto a piece of parchment pinned into the dress, it read:
  Happy birthday, darling!

  Enjoy x

  PS: You have a lot to tell me when I get back - mother's quite the gossip you know.
  
  
  

  ***
The streets of Convent Garden were bustling in the moonlight and Eleanor swore she had never seen so many people before in her life. She could hardly contain her excitement as they walked through the West End, observing eagerly at the muggle's strange after-dark behaviours. Riding bicycles, roaming performance artists with painted faces and the many automobiles that whizzed around and made awful noises when someone was in their way. Her eyes narrowed in at some people sitting at a bench and flicking small cards onto the ground while yelling."What are they doing?" Eleanor asked, intrigued by the sight.Tom followed her gaze to the poker players and grimaced, "Gambling, the war has made idiotic men hungry for money...but of course its a scam,""I'm quite good at gambling...maybe I could ask to play a round?" she said letting her inhibitions take over as the whiskey swirled in her system and stepping to go over to the rowdy crowd.But before she could, his gloved hand clutched around her arm and drew her away with a disapproving shake of his head."You're terrible at gambling...are you forgetting I won that little bet of ours earlier," he smirked, recalling how the box floated for a good minute before it sank.She rolled her eyes at him and laughed at his flagrant dishonesty, "You cheated! That's not fair...it's against the rules to charm it not to sink,""The terms were clear and it floated...you can keep the ten galleons Eleanor, but mark my words that Russian's days are numbered,"She couldn't help but grin at the sincerity in his voice and she hoped that if she were to be unsuccessful that he would keep his word.As they rounded the corner he lead them towards a large palatial like building where a crowd of decadently dressed muggles were entering. As they neared, the sign came into full view and it read: 'The Royal Ballet: Swan Lake'."You wanted muggle..." Tom said with a low voice as he watched her realise where they were, "This is about as muggle as it gets...I hope you like stuffy crowded rooms, disgusting old people and loud mus-"Before he could finish she grabbed him by the lapels and pressed her lips into his with all her might. As they earned some questioning brows from the other patrons, she pulled away with a large smile."This is the best gift anyone has ever given me," Eleanor confessed, still in his embrace.For the first time in his life, Tom Riddle looked speechless. She watched as he somewhat awkwardly tried to contemplate what to say in return. But when the words couldn't reach him and his head whirled a little at the affectionate words, she just giggled excitedly and pulled him into the doors of the grand Royal Opera House.Despite the beauty of the production, he couldn't help but watch her for the whole night. Every time the stage lights dimmed, he turned to see Eleanor enthralled in the flinging ballerinas who twirled effortlessly in a series of fouettes and pirouettes - something she had never seen before - and would never forget.And he would never forget how she looked, clapping furiously with tears in her eyes as the black swan made her final bow.
  ***

  
    Chapter Text
     
  "When the morning comes,

  I will build a cathedral around our bodies"
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
The candlelit bathroom was covered in thick steam as she sunk into the hot bath with a deep sigh. When she closed her eyes she could see the swans again, flying through the air and racing like they were as light as feathers over the stage. Softly, she hummed the tune of the harmony to herself, relishing the memory of it.He couldn't have known it was the exact tune she played all those weeks ago to drown out her thoughts that were solely focused on him. But somehow it was a serendipitous moment of synergy that made her stomach flip and her lips smile. She heard him enter the bathroom and opened her eyes to see him hungrily eyeing her while unbuttoning his shirt hastily. A blush crept to her cheeks as he slid off his pants and wasted no time hooking his thumb into the tops of his boxers and dragging them down to reveal his naked flesh.Eleanor didn't know why, but something about seeing him like that still made her feel like there were a thousand butterflies trapped within her and so she looked away bashfully as he stepped into the steaming water from the other end. As he lowered himself in, he released a deep sigh, seemingly welcoming the scolding water. She looked away as he did, it was ridiculous, she knew that - but it didn't stop her from making sure the bubbles were fully covering her - to which he practically scoffed in response.Slowly, she gathered the courage to meet his gaze and the fire in his eyes caused a stir within her, setting flames underneath her skin. "You know... if this little holiday is meant to be persuading me from moving to London, I'm afraid it's backfired rather spectacularly," Eleanor grinned with a silky voice, feeling his hand run across her leg underneath the bubbles.His jaw clenched and for a moment his gaze dragged down to the bubbles, "Don't move to London, Elle." Tom's tone was hushed and thick like he was struggling with the words. It was odd, foreign almost like he was robbed of his usual confident harshness that underpinned his many commands.She stiffened as she took in the sight of him oddly unguarded and almost shy, "Why Tom?""You know why," he replied with glaring intensity, dragging his piercing gaze up to hers and hooking his eyes so deeply into her pupils that she could feel herself slipping into them.
  Fuck.
It was now or never and Eleanor knew that if she didn't ask now, there would simply not be another time before the inevitable goodbye and the curtains closed between them forever."No" she shook her head, "you can't just keep saying that Tom. Not anymore. Not when there's a strong possibility I'll never walk out of that ball alive. I want an actual answer...""I already told you - I'm never going to let you die," he snapped back with a sharpness she wasn't prepared for. It was like he was declaring an oath - a promise he would never break.She pushed the guilt aside and focused on the current moment, not wanting to entertain the thought that he might try and intervene."Why then? Tell me what we are Tom," she demanded softly, her breath hitching as he ran a hand over her skin again, "Because we aren't enemies or friends and we aren't just lovers or people that work together... so tell me, what am I to you?"The question hung in the steamy air and seemed to make the heat thicker and the candles burn a little brighter. He knew there was no way of avoiding it any longer, but something about the gravity of his answer made him pause to gather the courage to say the heavy words. Her blazing gaze bore into his as she watched the little embers dance and extinguish in them as they sat in silence. There was a tensity to him, undeniable stress boiling underneath his collected demeanour. His fists slightly balled and his jaw clenched, as he breathed slowly and intentionally - like he was actively controlling it.And then she realised that for the first time in her life, she thought Tom Riddle looked almost scared.But why? Eleanor knew he feared nothing besides death and he had already ever so elegantly fixed that problem, so what was so torturous for him to be fearful of?Eleanor silently reached a hand up from the bathwater and put it over his which was now resting on the rim. Her fingers felt hot on his dry ones and his eyes fell shut as he felt her trace small circles around his Gaunt ring. He almost laughed at the notion, how she was very casually touching his soul with her warm, wet fingertips and it was enough to make him confess."I don't know what you'd call it...perhaps there's not even a word in the fucking dictionary for us," he started, opening his eyes to look at her, "But all I know is that you're the only person in this world I care about Elle and you're mine."
  You're mine.

  His.
The words shot straight through her like a bullet and seemed to wedge themselves firmly in her heart.It was everything she ever needed to hear and somehow more. She knew he wasn't the loving type. He didn't wear his heart on his sleeve like Caspian. He wasn't a hopeless romantic like Ezra or a swooning poetic wordsman like Theodore. His past robbed him of that soft vulnerability a long time ago. The abandonment from his parents made him rigidly solitary and spending years in the cruel orphanage did no kindness to his heart either. But it was still there and these words proved it. Maybe because of the hellish offensive his heart had endured, these simple words meant more than anything anyone else could ever tell her.It was the most profound profession of love she had ever encountered.
  And it was all for her.
Hot tears welled in her eyes, a reaction neither of them expected. She leaned forwards and reached for both of his hands, before clutching them tightly at her knees. Slowly, she bent down and placed a gentle kiss on his knuckles.It was a small gesture, but underneath it lay the emotions that underpinned every single moment they shared. A kiss laced in the finest forms of hatred, lust, envy, want and devotion."I'm yours," she promised, looking up through her lashes to him, the words blessing him as they were spoken like a psalm in the midst of chaos.He once thought that if there was a higher power, a god of some kind it would have to resemble her. Brazen with courage, filled to the brim with the thick emotion of love and wrath and more beautiful than anything created on this Earth. But now, he realised she wasn't just some angelic entity with doe eyes that reflected the promise of salvation. She was a deity - a god of his own. The words from her pink plump lips could bless just as easily as they could curse and the gaze from her stormy eyes could plunge a man into absolution or damnation in an instant. Her touch was fiery and ardent and could threaten prayers from sinners' mouths just as easily as profanities from saints'. And if there wasn't a god at all he didn't care, because whatever she was - was everything he would ever need.So as he watched her kiss his knuckles as if he was a holy man that had come to worship, he vowed to unleash agony from the depths of hell just to keep her by his side. Because he wasn't a saint, but a devil entrenched in devotion.And maybe she wasn't a god, but one thing he was certain; she was something altogether divine and wicked enough to love him.Tom swallowed down hard and gestured for her to turn around with a whirl of his hand. She obeyed, spinning to face the window as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her body into the space between his legs.Eleanor relaxed into his form, sighing as her head rested on his chest. She could hear his faint heartbeat just underneath his skin and it was so harmonic it almost put her to sleep. A whisper from deep within told her it beat just for her and she listened intently like every beat was a note of a symphony."I'm scared, Tom," she whispered, her voice thick with sincerity as she watched the glittering lights of the skyline peek through the window.It was true, the act of actually dying didn't bother her at all, but it was everything that became before and after that plunged her into perilous fear. She was frightened to take her last breath, last touch and at some point tell him she loved him for the last time.But most of all, what petrified her the most was never seeing him again.His arms came into the water slowly and began massaging her thighs as he placed a kiss on her neck. The hot breath that scattered along her skin seemed to make her shiver at the contact."I'll never let anyone hurt you," he vowed, his voice turning dark and raspy as he trailed his hands up to her breasts and skimmed them over the sensitive flesh of her nipples.He couldn't see from where he was, but a tear fell from her eyes onto her cheek as she nodded."I love you," she whispered, letting the sensation of his firey touch burn through her skin as it began to stir something deep within her. An undeniable craving began to brew and she relished the feeling of his fingertips dancing and sinking into her body.He hummed in satisfaction at the words and the reverberation travelled down into her consciousness and kissed her mind. She bit her lip as his hand trailed downwards, teasingly slow past her navel and as it did, the hardness of his erection pressed into her back. Instinctively, she opened her legs wider for him and felt herself edge into the anticipation of his touch. His fingers seemed to bypass where she needed them and went to tracing the harsh, scathed flesh of her scars."Does that feel good?"Her neck arched back as her head rested on his shoulder so he could slightly watch her from above."Yes..." she managed, "...more,"He gripped her hips and slid her tighter into his form, seemingly needing to close the space for himself. Leaning down, he nipped at the sensitive flesh of her neck sending another jolt of arousal through her."Where are those manners?" he hummed, inching agonisingly up her thigh.Eleanor had dispensed of her pride a long time ago and the words fell graciously out of her mouth like a song, "Please more.""Mmm..." Tom hummed satisfactorily, "I'm not sure if that was polite enough," he replied, running a soft finger over her folds in devastating tease.She gasped in impatience, gripping his thighs, "Please, more Tom."His fingers began to massage her clit and she arched her back in response, driving her backside into his hard arousal, earning a ragged breath from him."You like this?" he asked in a smokey voice, sliding a finger into her folds.She bit her lip at the sensation and came to the familiar feeling of overbearing building pleasure as his animalistic appetite for her took over."No," she whimpered with a small teasing grin, somehow finding the strength.Tom took her disobedient lie as an opportunity to torment her, pushing in deeper this time and stretching her out, making sure to linger in the spots he knew she couldn't bear."...And now?""N...No," she lied again, finding it increasingly harder not to react to the building pressure underneath his touch.He leaned down and tsked gently in her ear, "You're a terrible liar, you know that?"Another finger slid into her and in unison, they curled violently as his palm pressed into her clit. She had no choice but to let out a loud moan in response, thick with her compulsive need.He chuckled from behind her, placing a wet kiss on her temple as she proved him right, "It doesn't sound like you don't like it..." As he surged his fingers into her again and rolled his palm over her, she brought her hand around behind his head, sinking her fingers into a tight grip in his hair."You know I hate liars..." he drawled into her ear, feeling the pleasure he was pushing her into. Silently, another surge of arousal flowed through him as she tugged at the roots of his hair.His movements became faster and she had no choice but to lift her hips with every collision, desperately seeking the tension. She made no effort to disguise her whimpering now and as her grip tightened in his hair, she felt the knotted pleasure inside her edge towards unravelling."T...Tom...Please, I'm...going to..." she began feeling the pressure become too much to bear, "come..."
  But the devil wasn't done with her yet.
With a sudden cessation, his movements came to a halt, vexing her into a fit of frustration. Eleanor slammed herself back into him and writhed her body to retrieve an ounce of his touch back, but instead, he cruelly lifted his hands up to her chest and clamped them over her neck."You didn't think I was going to make it that easy did you?"She turned her head to look at his side profile and was met with glazed over, heavy eyes. He couldn't help but be plunged into a fit of arousal as he took in her panting plump lips, wide shocked stare and pink cheeks."You see that?" he said, pointing out the door to the mirror that sat beside their bed, "You're going to watch me fuck you in that mirror and I'm going to watch you come...if you're good that is."Eleanor couldn't help but gasp at the words, so utterly filled with violent lust. She was sure the blush on her cheeks had returned more crimson than ever before as he took her stunned complexion as an opportunity to drag his thumb down her bottom lip."Is that something you would like, Eleanor?" he asked, his eyes were dark and his tone was almost threatening as he watched her from beside him.Yes, she thought. Her mind raced with the unhinged desire that began to rush through it. Although, judging by the way her heart didn't skip a beat with the agreement - she thought perhaps she would do anything he asked of her.Slowly, she nodded with an innocent bashfulness that made him contemplate setting the world on fire just to see the flames dance in her stormy eyes.
  What a pretty sight that would be.
They didn't bother to drain the bath and he made quick work of throwing her onto the bed and dragging her body into his. He ran his thumb down her slit revealing a hot wet slickness glinting off it. She let out a lustful sigh as he brought the thumb into his mouth, letting her pleasure dance on his tongue and savouring the taste.She swallowed down a moan as he sunk into her - taking the time to fill her up holding onto the sensation of her wet walls stretching to accommodate him. There was no more burning discomfort like the first time and instead, she felt as if her body instinctively reshaped just for him. Like it was purely his to enjoy.Tom leaned down to the crevice of her neck, and hovered over her jugular, "You're always so tight and wet for me aren't you?" he growled, planting a string of possessive kisses along the soft flesh.She couldn't answer and only let out a ragged breath in response, as she felt him move a little more inside her and reach to pin her arms above her head in a bruising grip. Her back arched as she ground into him, desperate to increase the pressure that his painfully controlled pace was teasing her with.Daringly, she turned her head towards the mirror, seeing how their bodies appeared as he began to teasingly inch in and out at a fastened pace that threatened to send her mad. Her pale skin against his in the candlelight was enough to make her want to come. She had never contemplated the act of watching in a mirror, but something deep within her liked the perspective of it. It was like seeing their intimacy from above, like an omnipotent, all-seeing force. The way the muscles of his veiny left arm contracted as his grip grew tighter around her hands above her head. His other arm was dedicated to steadying her body underneath his forceful moments and she watched as his fingers dug into the soft flesh of her hips making the skin go white, surely leaving bruises the next day.It was only at the moment she tasted blood in her mouth that she realised she was biting her lip, suppressing the loud profanities she was desperate to release.Tom noticed that she was entertaining herself with their reflection and he turned to meet her eyes in the mirrored glass. The simple act of eye contact in such a compromising position sent her into a fit of euphoria and giving up on her silence, a loud moan fell from her pretty lips as he began to thrust into her with more force.Something from deep within her was emboldened by the raw sight of them, enough to try something she had always wanted, but never had the courage to do. Without hesitation, relying on the fire building in her, she tugged her hands free from his grip which had loosened slightly as Tom's carnal urges manifested into more fierce movements. He didn't seem to notice as she moved her hands to his side and began to grip at his ribcage, forcing him over onto the bed and flipping him onto his back.Tom paused at the sudden change of position, watching as she climbed onto him with a smile laced with a pleasured thirst that could send the devil himself to Sunday service.He raised his brow menacingly, but nonetheless, let her straddle him playing along with her little game, "And what exactly do you think you're doing?"Eleanor had no idea where her confidence came from, but in that moment her eyes were glazed over with such a dark desire even he was taken aback by it. Slowly, she sunk down into him again, feeling her wetness engulf his cock in a new stimulating angle. His jaw clenched at the sensation and his hands found their home on her fleshy hips all without removing the piercing eye contact between them. Slowly, she began grinding herself down onto him, throwing her head back as he managed to hit a spot she had never felt before."Trying...something" she replied, in a strained voice possessed with ravenous want. Her hands found their place on his chest as she dragged herself over and up against him, again and again, fuelled by the way his skin managed to massage her clit in a new way.Perhaps if it was anyone else, he would have taken over by now and punished the disobedience tenfold, but there was something about the way Eleanor's features twisted into the most beautiful display of pained lust that made him stop. With a dangerous smirk, he began to lift his hips up into her while simultaneously rocking her downwards with his hands and the sounds of her moans filled the room and surely carried to the rest of the floor. Another look in the mirror and she could feel herself begin to unravel, her cunt clenched into him as he found a way to control her even from below."Tell me how I make you feel," he commanded, jolting up into her again with force and feeling the brush of her g-spot with his tip."I...I..." she began, her eyes slightly rolling into her head as her pulse seemed to quicken. But the sensation was all too much for her to finish the question.With one swift movement, he flipped her over onto her back, taking a moment to enjoy the return of control of the position."That was naughty of you..." he declared with a menacing tone, inching back into her slowly and watching her writhe under the frustration of it, "You know what happens to naughty girls..."She could tell by the look in his eye that he was going to make this a painful lesson for her to learn, she whimpered at the lack of tension between them, forcing her hips into his desperately.But he held her down and continued the slow, arduous torture.In."Answer my question."Out."You make me...feel so fucking good," she responded, fighting back the hot tears in her eyes at the pleasure of the tease.In, slightly harder."And who do you belong to Eleanor?"Out, slightly faster.She bit her lip as his hands came down around her neck, "You, Tom."In, this time with more force sending a fresh dose of ecstasy shooting through her spinal cord and into her mind."Say it again," he commanded, his grip on her neck tightening as his thrusts became more erratic and hard.Eleanor gripped the sheets underneath her fingers and moaned as he hit the spot she needed him to."I b...belong to you, Tom...I love you," she managed out in a raspy confession.And that was all it took for him to completely ravage her. All at once, his movements became savage and unforgiving, pounding her forcefully into the mattress. Another string of prayerful moans filled the air as she felt herself begin to tip over the edge, the tightening knot within her threatening to become undone with every violent thrust."Look at us when you come," Tom demanded in a harsh tone, using his grip around her throat to turn her head to the side to see the mirror. Watching her begin to come undone was enough to send him into his own ascent to euphoria and he gritted his teeth as he heard the angelic girl beneath him moan something akin to hell's psalm. 
  A song just for him.

  A hymn of worship and a promise of devotion.
The sight was so altogether sinful and beautiful that she hit her orgasm with a muffled cry, climaxing as tears dripped down her hot cheeks. She shook violently underneath him clenching her eyes shut as her vision danced with thousands of blurred stars. There was no other man that could make her feel this way and no other man that she wanted more fervently, ever.The way her walls clenched and tightened around him was too much to handle and he followed her with his own release. His cock twitched agonisingly as it began."Fuck Elle," he groaned, slamming into her so erratically that she almost choked under the pressure of his hands on her neck.He threw his head back to reveal his strained neck, muscles contorted and veins pulsing with the lust spiked blood that raced through him. Finally, with a loud guttural moan, he came and filled her with his arousal. A string of profanities and prayers left his lips as his movements became slowed and she felt the warm sensation of his release.Eleanor lay shaking as he slowly pulled out of her, watching the creamy cocktail of their pleasure drip from her swollen core as he did. With a thud, he collapsed next to her panting as he wiped the beads of sweat off his brow."Happy birthday, Grindelwald..." he said between heavy breaths, his voice was raspy and jagged.As she recovered from her state, she gathered the strength to roll over next to him, closing the gap between their panting faces. She gave him devilish smile as she planted a soft kiss on his cheek and a hand over his beating heart."Thank you..." she whispered, settling her head onto his shoulder and feeling the slow of his pulse under her fingertips, "...best one ever."Little did he know, she fully intended it to be her last and she looked up at him through her lashes to capture the memory of how he looked right then and there, filing it away in a deep corner of her mind. For when the moment came for her to take her last breath, it was him she would think of - just like this. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  "Do I still taste of war?

  Can you still feel the battles on my skin stitched across my back?

  Am I still rebuilding bone by fragile bone?"

  R.N
  
  
  

  ***
  
  
  
Many people wear masks, so much so that it's perhaps more common to see a lie than a face. Unknowingly, Eleanor wore many masks, sometimes all at once. Innocence. Forgiveness. Candour. They were all acts, carefully sewn together by the fabric of her dark past and haunted mind. It's funny how the most terrible things can sometimes be the most beautiful. Like a wild, torrential ocean, so savage and merciless yet simultaneously, so beguiling and captivating.And Eleanor was just that, a force capable of such power and destruction, that you would pay to see it destroy you - because drowning in divinity is such a beautiful way to die.And all men must die.
  Except for one that is.
Polyjuice potion was far too predictable to risk. They knew there would be a thousand security measures conducted at the event and wouldn't put it past the Ministry - who were now on high alert - to introduce some antidote into the food or beverages.They needed something else. Something no one would prepare for.The disillusionment charm proved to be easy enough to conjure after weeks of preparation and the aid of the book Eleanor had stolen from Malfoy Manor. It was a rare, forgotten piece of magic from the days of the Roman Empire that allowed witches and wizards to escape the harsh punishments for usurping the powers of the gods. The difficult part was actually picking the face you wanted to become, it had to be someone trustworthy, not particularly notable in any way. As they say, the best disguise is one nobody would look twice at. Someone normal.However, Eleanor knew that she needed to be a distraction, for if anyone was to be caught and blamed for the security breach - she would rather it be her than anyone else.There was a lady from the nearby village in Tuscany that owned the gelato shop she would secretly frequent. Eyes dark like coffee, olive skin and long beautiful wavy hair. But perhaps the most memorable thing about the lady was how her wide smile seemed to reach every corner of her face, emulating a radiation of light and joy. She was older, perhaps in her thirties and as a young girl, Eleanor couldn't help but stare at her, for she wished to that unconditionally happy one day.
  How ironic that is now.
It was a strange sensation, to look into the mirror and see another person looking back at you. But it became even stranger when glancing down, and seeing that everything appeared as it once was. The disillusionment charm only affected how other people visually perceived you. She opened her bathrobe slightly to reveal her body, she could still see the scars running up her thigh and hip. But the mirror saw differently, simply a sleek bronzed leg, completely untouched by imperfection.Perception is an odd thing and perhaps no one truly sees a person for who they are, but this was a masquerade so entirely different to the ones she came to know well.Her plan was once again recounted in her mind, ensuring every detail of every single moment she had arduously schemed. Tonight was about two things; revenge and death. A cocktail so elegantly symphonic in its brutality that it was deadly - and it tasted delicious on her tongue."Belgaire Argyle," she recited into the mirror as if conjuring the name from the depths of hell and into her own wrath."Amar Patil.""Rosalind Clearwater.""Catherine Burton."The four horsemen of Eleanor's apocalypse.Her mind didn't spare any moment of the bloodshed, torture or pain that they had caused her. She let the memories fill her up. Every one inched her towards an uncontrollable, maddening desire for murder.And then, she imagined killing every one of them with the same lack of empathy, humanity or compassion that they had afforded her family.The edges of her red lips twitched, as the violent scenes played in her mind. And in the reflection, was the most fervently wide smile on the stranger's face. So full of joy and happiness and yet, so undeniably horrifying.Tonight, was her birth as a killer and her death as a girl - what more could make her happy than her revenge?
  The rapture was coming.
***Lightly tapping on the door, she entered to find another stranger. A mature looking, bearded man with sandy coloured hair and hazel eyes. He was tall but muscular and had a chiselled jaw that somehow complimented his other softer features.He dragged his gaze over her form, taking in the dramatic flourish of red silk that covered it and in response, he inhaled his cigarette deeply."You're meant to be unnoticeable," he greeted her, in a raspy south London drawl that she wasn't familiar with.But the words were unmistakably Tom's."Trust me, there's nothing more irrelevant to these disgusting men than a woman," Eleanor scoffed, making her way through the doorway and towards him.He looked at her in disbelief, shaking his head and gesturing towards her attire, "Did you have to pick such a...sultry choice of gown?"She snickered at the jealousy underpinning the words, feeling the fabric sway in crimson waves against her body as she came closer to him."You don't like it? I thought the red would hide the blood," she grinned, reaching over and taking the cigarette from him as her eyes danced over the new face.Tom didn't seem very amused at her joke.He raised a brow at her, "It's not what I would call conservative...""Conservatism doesn't really tend to lure men into dark corners of the night...I thought you wanted to create a distraction,""I did,"She placed a dainty hand on his chest, feeling for the heartbeat that danced only for her. Although it was technically a different heart, it was still his and the sensation ran through her and down her spine."Then let me be one of them...In my experience men tend to become rather one-track-minded around a beautiful woman. There's no greater distraction than that..."Tom simply shook his head in response, not particularly interested in having men ogle at Eleanor the entire night...even it wasn't actually her they were looking at."Who is she?" he asked, taking the cigarette back between his teeth and feeling a strand of her darkened hair between his fingers. Something about the absence of Eleanor's stormy eyes made him uncomfortable and although the woman in front of him was technically speaking attractive, it was no comparison to her.In fact, he felt odd even being so close to the stranger."A muggle...from the Gelateria in Cortona...who is this?" she asked, running a thumb over his scratchy cheek - not used to the harsh stubble of a beard."The newspaper salesman from Brompton road...he cleaned up surprisingly well, despite this awful scruff."She gave him a smirk in agreement, still trailing her hands over his body to get used to the stranger, "And who are we tonight?""Roberto and Valentina Medici, sympathisers from the Italian embassy...secretly attending to show the support of those from Europe that reject Gellert Grindelwald's regime."She nodded with a serious expression, before softening and attempting to lighten the mood, "Well, I hope you have a good accent charm, because your Italian is rubbish," she grinned.As she fixed his bow tie straight, her mind was taken back to a memory of how she attempted to teach him conversational Italian in Florence. Tom almost hexed her for laughing so much. And naturally, he refused to learn any more on account of not being perfect at it straight away. He insisted it was her poor educating and she declared it was his lack of commitment to pronunciation. Either way, she did most of the talking when it was required - and that infuriated him.Despite the stranger's face staring back at her, she could feel the full weight of Tom's piercing glare as it landed on her."And I hope you have your wits about you because your tendency for getting yourself into trouble is much too great," his voice was sharp and laced with warning as if daring her to try something reckless.Her heart tugged a little with a pang of guilt, but she managed to mask the feeling by giving him a reassuring smile. Slowly, she leaned forward and planted a kiss on his lips, not quite liking the sensation of the stranger's face on her own."Trouble... like kissing a stranger in a suggestive dress?" she replied in a silky tone, searching the foreign face for the little hints of Tom. His hands wrapped around her waist and brought her into his form with a rough tug.He smirked a little, breaking down his threatening glare, "Enjoy it while it lasts Eleanor, it'll be the only time in your life you'll ever get to touch another man."Heat rushed to her cheeks and despite the woman's darker, olive skin still managed to paint Eleanor's signature bashfulness perfectly on her face.Then, with a gasp as if remembering something, she detached from his grip and wandered over to the small purse she had placed on the bed."I have a gift for you," she grinned, rummaging through the charmed purse.He raised a brow at the words and crossed his arms, leaning against the poster of the bed as the curiosity got the better of him."Why would you give me a gift? It's not my birthday..."Tom had a point, she couldn't deny the obvious suspicious nature of the gesture. But she shrugged it off, letting the woman's face portray a nonchalance that was deceiving.It was easier to lie to someone when they didn't know your face well enough to read it and perhaps this was her saving grace tonight."Consider it a good luck charm," she said, as she handed the gift to him. It was a long, thin item draped in fine emerald velvet fabric.He sighed, taking it from her with curious eyes. Slowly, the glimmer of gold was revealed as he unsheathed it from the luxurious fabric and she watched as his eyes danced with peaked interest as it was unwrapped.A shiny golden dagger, encrusted with rubies, emeralds and sapphires sat in his hands."I wanted you to have it...seems appropriate that the man that wears the crown should hold a dagger that was made for it," she explained in a low tone. "Even if that man is the master of death," a teasing smile came to her lips again as she watched him admire the blade, turning it so it shone in the light and reflected a dozen times onto the wall.Eleanor knew no matter how much she wanted to, she couldn't say goodbye. So, she thought maybe she would leave a part of her with him instead. The dagger was the closest thing to her soul that she could think of.After all, it did symbolise what she wanted most in this world. Something deep inside her wanted him to keep it safe, thinking maybe he would display it on his desk or even keep it by his bed when she was gone. A symbol, however small, to remember her by. It was of course selfish, being something that assured she wouldn't be forgotten so easily, but nonetheless, she indulged herself in the act.
  They were never very good at goodbyes anyway.
Tom ran one of the stranger's rough fingertips over the engraved letters, "Immensus Vendicta..." he recited, still absorbed in the gravity of the gift.Her heart raced as he said the words, somehow detecting his tone in the foreign voice. She barely could control the sea of emotions that threatened to flood out of her as she watched him look up with a grateful smirk."Boundless revenge," she finished for him, "perhaps you'll need it one day, what with all the enemies you're about to make."Tom chuckled, seemingly in agreement and he gave her an appreciative nod placing it back into the sheath and into his robes for sage keeping.Eleanor felt something inside her finally break and turned away before the tears pricked at her eyes, busying herself with putting on the shoes she had laid out next to the dresser.A loud knock sounded at the door, followed by an older gentleman bursting in carrying a bottle of firewhiskey and a bag with enough delirium potion to kill them all."Sorry to interrupt love birds, but I think it's time to fuck some shit up," he declared, his aristocratic tone oddly contradicting the youthful profanity of his words.Tom rushed over and snatched the bottle from his grip, eyeing the hefty amount that had been emptied with an agitated glare."Do you really think it's wise to be drunk while conducting a heavily planned, highly risky military operation Lestrange?" he snapped, placing the bottle on the mantle of the fireplace.His wrinkled features contorted into an amused smirk as he tapped Tom on the shoulder reassuringly, "Don't worry Riddle darling, it takes a lot to get me sloshed these days...consider it dinner,"Eleanor tried to hide the humoured grin threatening on her face as she watched Theodore in the older gentleman's body."As I was saying, it's time for us to go I think...plus it's a bit awkward down there with Rosier and Avery...I can't tell if they're going to kill each other or fuck."Eleanor smirked, picking up her purse and striding towards the door with one final look in the mirror at her complexion, "Probably the latter."Tom simply sneered at the thought of them under the distraction at such an important time and followed them out of the room, biting his tongue.After all, there was no time for childish displays of affection tonight, at least for Rosier and Avery that is.The group of strangers gathered in the foyer of Lestrange Manor as they prepared to leave. It was remarkable how she could pick who was who just by their demeanours and general body language. Ezra, a red-haired woman with freckles, sat by the fireplace with nervous anxiety clear in his eyes, tapping his foot to the floor.While Abraxas, another older gentleman sporting a cane and a cigar in his mouth stood impatiently by the door. Ludo sat as far away from Ezra as possible and was dressed in Japanese robes appearing as a distinguished ambassador. His concentration was dedicated to conducting the final protection wards over Caspian, appearing as a dark-haired bulky man, who attempted to make what little conversation he could to break the awkward silence in the room.By the looks of it, he wasn't succeeding."Right, it's currently half-past eight. The event started an hour ago, the security guards at the door should be sufficiently taken care of by Actaeus Malfoy's contacts by now..." Tom began, employing his authoritative tone over the hushed foyer. "The charm lasts for only two hours, that means that not a thing can be conducted out of time. There is no excuse for mistakes..." he turned to look directly at Ludo and Ezra, "I'm assuming the protection wards have all been cast?"Ezra gave him a firm nod, the bushy red curls bouncing as he did and Ludo replied with a simple 'All done," from the opposite chair. A sad frown displaced her features as she noticed the thick tension between the two, she wished she could have seen them happy before she died."Good. Lestrange has the delirium potion in his possession. He will be the first to engage, handling spiking the beverages. Once this is done, we spread out and refrain from drawing any attention to ourselves. You all have your dedicated targets, watch them closely but don't be obvious...No one is to start the attack until my signal. At ten o'clock the distraction will occur...after that, it will be time. Understood?"The group offered a series of nods and affirmations, readying themselves to apparate.With a loud crack, Theodore and Ezra left first and then, a few minutes later Abraxas, Ludo and Caspian.Eleanor let out a deep breath as she waited impatiently for enough time to pass before they left."Are you nervous?" Tom asked, sliding a hand over her back, feeling the soft silky fabric underneath his touch.She swallowed down hard, all but melting into the touch trying not to let her mind validate the thoughts entering it.
  Was this the last time she would be alone with him?

  The last time he touched her so intimately?

  Probably.
A wave of nausea ran through her and closing her eyes, she steadied herself."No," she lied.Surprisingly, he let out a laugh soaked in thick amusement, "How many times do I have to tell you not to lie to me, Eleanor?""At least one more," she replied with a small voice and an endearing smile, before crashing her lips into his.
  Their final kiss.
She closed her eyes and savoured the taste of him on her tongue, letting the smell of tobacco and cologne flow into her and drown everything else out. He tasted like the most delicious sin and smelled like every virtue that the heavens possessed. A cocktail of darkness and light, somehow leaving her senses dulled like no other substance known to man.
  ***
The Ministry of Magic ballroom was unlike anything Eleanor had seen before, so simultaneously ominous with its shiny black marble walls yet undeniably grand. It wasn't opulent and painted in gold in the way the European Ministries were, but it was stately and luxurious in a more defined, masculine way. Eleanor even felt a tad guilty for the room, for it would undoubtedly be ruined when it became a battlefield in less than a couple of hours.
  Beautiful things are often the first to be destroyed.
The crowd was intimidating, to say the least, with about 150 guests dressed in finery - all with smug painted faces and wine-stained lips. Her eyes narrowed down on a scruff of blonde hair on top of a tall frame and her heart almost threatened to stop. It was Belgaire Argyle. In the flesh.Her grip tightened slightly around Tom's arm and he looked over to her with a veiled glance of concern as he followed her gaze to the frighteningly tall man."That's him," she whispered, her haunted eyes not able to tear off his back.Tom turned to face her, dragging her by the chin to look at him, "Don't stare...okay?"She nodded in return, feeling her fingernails dig into her palms as she focused on his eyes and the symphony playing from the large orchestra ahead.A tray extended out in front of them suddenly, "Drink Sir? Madam?""No...thank you," Eleanor responded for both of them, earning an odd look from the waiter, but nonetheless, he carried on. Despite yearning for something to take the edge off, she wasn't stupid enough to drink the spiked beverages that she had personally brewed the potion for.As she caught her breath still recovering from seeing the man she had dreamed so often about murdering for a year, a force ran into Tom's back, lurching him forward."Oh! I'm sorry! So clumsy of me," a fat man chuckled arrogantly, with a careless wave of his hand - obviously extremely drunk.Tom cleared his throat, biting down the anger that rose in him and returned a curt nod in response."It's not an issue, Minister, think nothing of it" Tom replied in a thick Italian accent, taking Eleanor's hand and beginning to turn away from him.It was at this point that Eleanor recognised the man as Bertie McLaggan's father, Leopold McLaggan - the Minister of Magic himself. The resemblance wasn't quite obvious at first, but the more she looked at the man's features the more they resembled the subject of her nightmares. They both shared the same deep chocolate eyes and curly chestnut hair, however, Bertie's athleticism clearly was missing in his father's physique. His chubby face was reddened by presumably a history of drinking and as she looked down to the man's sausage-like fingers, she recognised the signet ring Bertie spoke about all those months ago in Transfiguration."Oh wait! I don't believe I know you, you're not from the foreign office, are you? A friend of Harold's?" he asked with a characteristic politicians drawl and a wolfish smile."No Minister, my wife and I are actually from the Italian Ministry, we've come to show our support for your stand against these despicable terrorists," he lied, returning the friendly disposition with ease. Although, Eleanor knew him enough to notice his finger twitch with unmistakable rage.The man's sweaty face turned to her, seemingly giving himself permission to drag his beady gaze up and down her body like a starved man hungry for dessert. She had to stop herself from crinkling up her nose at the grotesque confidence of it. Eleanor knew that behaviour only came from a man that had never taken no for an answer.
  Like father like son...
"Well, you are a very lucky man indeed, Mr...""Medici, Roberto and this is Valentina...Medici" Tom emphasised the last words like a warning, it was polite, but perhaps if he wasn't so inebriated the man would see it for what it was.
  A threat.
His wife."Ah yes, I think I know one of your cousins...Alberto...from the war council. Good man," he replied quickly, before turning his gaze back to Eleanor, promptly ignoring Tom, "And are you enjoying your stay in England, Mrs Medici?"A small huff could be heard from Tom as a ladylike smile appeared on her lips, "Of course, I always enjoy the company of the English - especially if there's champagne," she laughed, hoping to lighten the mood.The man chuckled a little too much as if it was the funniest thing he had ever heard, before reaching up and clicking his fingers in a supreme display of self-importance, "Waiter!" he called.Before Eleanor could regret the words that had just come out of her mouth, the silver tray reappeared and Tom visibly stiffened as the alcohol was put in front of them.
  Oh shit.
"Please! Drink, your hands look empty! Never a good sign," he offered with another heavy chuckle, holding a glass out to Eleanor."Oh..." she stuttered, "Uh...I'm afraid...I..." it came out like a blabbering mess, earning a confused stare from the Minister and an agitated sigh from Tom."Unfortunately, my wife is pregnant and she can't indulge," Tom cut in, saving her from the embarrassment of not having an excuse, "And, I'm not a drinker myself..." he finished with a gentlemanly smile."Well well...an Italian that doesn't drink - that's a first," he chuckled, merrily taking two glasses for himself.They hummed in quiet laughter to appease the man, their dwindling interest in him giving him the signal to leave."Well it was wonderful meeting you both, thank you for your support...and congratulations," he said in a jolly voice, taking one more slimy look down her form, before turning to another group with a slight drunken sway."Shit. He knows...I could see it...I was too suspicious," she began, turning to Tom with widened eyes.He scoffed back at her, "Don't be absurd. I doubt he was even listening to us...his attention was very much elsewhere," his eyes gestured down to the gown with a knowing glare, "You were right. You are a fucking distraction...I'm so glad he's mine to kill.""A pregnant distraction...Tell me, how detailed is this elaborate backstory of ours going to get? Do I really look pregnant to you in this dress?" the offence in her tone was clear and if they weren't in a ballroom she would surely smack him.Tom merely smirked at her, looking over the dress again, "I thought it was rather clever actually - and obviously not, but surely early stages wouldn't show..."She scoffed, her eyes lighting up with amusement, "Merlin, that's the last thing I'd need, another one of you to torment me."He simply hummed in agreement, his eyes fixing on Theodore in the crowd. Of course, even as an old man, he had managed to gather a group of women to entertain. If it wasn't so impressive it would be entirely creepy. Perhaps it was both.The night waged on with debilitating boredom as Tom and Eleanor successfully dodged every drink put in their face and drunken guest that decided to greet them. They found a place to sit by the side of the room, where their targets mingled absentmindedly in front of them and they could observe the general consensus of the crowd. The potion was clearly coming into effect, as the guests were becoming slower, hazier and dull."It's time..." Tom announced quietly as he checked his watch. He pointed a sharp index finger at her with a warning glare, "Don't do anything stupid while I'm gone and wait-""Wait for your signal and don't be reckless," Eleanor finished for him in a bored, mocking drawl.He raised a brow at her, before disappearing into the crowd. She took a deep breath readying herself for what was to come. Suddenly Eleanor's mind began racing, reeling with the anticipation of it all and she found herself wondering if she should've said 'I love you' one more time.
  But it was too late.
The final act had begun and there could be no do-overs, soon enough she would take her bow and the curtains would close, just as the black swan did.Her eyes welled with tears at the realisation and she hoped that she could see him one last time...even just for a moment before everything was over."Attention all! I have the honour of presenting, Leopold McLaggan, The Minister of Magic,"The crowd burst into applause, however, it was considerably less rambunctious given that they all had a healthy dose of delirium in them and so it sounded more like a rowdy drawl than an ovation. No one seemed to notice."Good evening, it is with great pride I gather with you all tonight to celebrate the war effort and of course, those who have valiantly..."Valiantly, Eleanor scoffed, what bullshit."...Fought for our freedoms and for muggle integration..."The Minister went on for an awfully torturous amount of time and as her distraction weaned her eyes wandered to those of someone staring back at her. With a gasp, she found Belgaire Argyle's stare directly into her own from the crowd and instinctively, she looked away back up to the Minister.
  Does he know somehow?

  Surely not...
Her heart rate quickened and her breath began to become more ragged as she felt his sickeningly pale eyes roll over her. Something chemical occurred within her at that moment and instead of being plunged into the abyss of nightmare fuelled fear - an unparalleled rage began to consume her. With every millisecond he trawled his gaze over her, his life became more in danger and Eleanor became more deadly. She felt the venom run through her and shoot down her spine, her fingers twitched at the sensation.
  Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned and who better than to seek vengeance with, than the devil himself?
"Alas, it is with great pleasure that I announce the Ministerial award of protection to the following, Belgaire Argyle...Amar Patil...Rosalind Clearwater and Catherine Burton."Eleanor watched in horror as the four Aurors that broke into her home and killed her family stepped onto the stage, all varying levels of inebriated but still, not sober. How is it that all four had been gathered together? Maybe it was simply a stroke of luck? It was likely that killing her mother and father would stand as one of the highest honours for the Aurors...but still, something seemed off about the serendipitous nature of it.Something brushed beside her and she flinched, startled by the touch. Looking up, she saw Tom who had a particularly smug grin on his face."I thought you were handling the distraction?""It's been handled...""Can I please get a round of applause in congratulating these brave, men and women for fighting for their country and successfully bringing down the famed terrorists Anthony and Calliope Grindelwald..." The minister slurred, clapping furiously.Eleanor turned to the front, a crease between her brows as she tried to catch up to whatever he was so proud about.
  Suddenly, she saw it.
A very drunk Bertie McLaggan came stumbling onto the stage, making a beeline for his father and snatching the space on the podium. His curly hair was slicked into a gelled wave and his black tie robes were incredibly tailored. But there was something strange about him."If I could say a few words father..." he drawled with a drunken tone, earning an anxiously disapproving glare from Leopold and confused chatter from the guests."Tom...what did you do?" she whispered, eyes wide as she took in the boy's glazed over eye (the other, hidden underneath an eye patch) and clearly altered demeanour. He wasn't himself...almost as if he was under the imperious.
  Oh no.
"I have some unfortunate news to announce..." Bertie slurred, fighting off the guard with a strong arm that began to drag him from the podium, but he stood his ground. "I come here before my country's finest men to announce that I Bertie McLaggan am a rapist..." he said the words proudly, as if they were part of an inspirational speech - a momentous profession of valour.A symphony of gasps fell from the crowd as the Minister looked to his son in utter bewilderment. Eleanor's mouth hung open in disbelief, unable to formulate a sound. And Tom simply chuckled in delight from beside her, clearly enjoying his little show. Everyone was far too stunned to move, all set in the moment as they watched the boy destroy his life forever."And I apologise to the fine women I have besmirched with my complete lack of honour and propriety, I am a useless piece of -" his speech was cut short as both the minister and two guards succeeded in ripping him off the podium, knocking him out with a spell and shooing him out of sight.She couldn't help but fall into silent laughter, burying her smile in her hand."Oh my god...I can't believe you did that" she whispered, giving in to the hushed giggle that fell from her lips.Tom shrugged, not at all bothered, "The fucker deserved it. "
  And then it happened.
A lady standing beside Eleanor fell to the ground, her glass smashing to the floor as she did. And then another. It was as if a silent poison filled the air, the guests began to drop like flies. A symphony of groans, chattering and thuds filled the ballroom as the confused guests fell into a deep slumber. There was a staleness that floated about setting the hairs on her arms standing up, as if her senses became hyper-aware of the violence that was about to occur.
  This was it.
She turned to Tom, with an anxious look on her face, hoping this little display was his doing."Since you insisted on not killing any civilians, I had to take measures to ensure they weren't going to get in the way...at least consciously anyway. The ones on the list have been given an antidote...""Did you have to comatose them?" she shrieked, off-put by the array of bodies and smashed glass that piled onto the floor, inching the remaining guests who weren't affected closer towards terror."Our charms are wearing off..." he stated, seeing the calming stormy sea arrive back in her eyes, "No one that sees our true identities can get out of here alive..."She nodded, swallowing down the last ounce of nervousness in her system and summoning as much wrathful confidence she could. It was very quickly becoming clear who was affected and who weren't as the handful of guests that stood looked around cautiously, wands raised."What is the meaning of this?" shouted Amar Patil, still on stage with the gaudy medal around his neck, surveying the bodies on the floor and the ones left standing."Alert the-" Leopold McLaggan began in an alarmed yet slurred tone.It happened in an instant, a beam of green light was conjured so deathly fast from Tom's wand and directed straight at the Minister's face.
  That was the signal - and the war had now begun.
Before she knew it, the sounds of clashing curses and explosions filled the air. Her eyes widened as she zeroed her focus in on Belgaire who was running to hide behind a stone pylon, luckily Tom reached over and pushed her to the floor just as a table was thrown inches from where she stood. He turned to her just for a moment with a warning glare, which unmistakeably commanded her to get herself together.It was time for the Uzel sily.Eleanor nodded, stilling herself in the crossfire to summon the energy connection and begin the 'knot of power'. It was more difficult when they weren't exactly calm and from further away, she had to stretch her energy out more than ever before. When the heat of it began wrapping around his rapidly moving body, firing curse after unforgivable curse he attempted to do the same. Her focus was strained as she felt the pressure of warding defence after defence, all the while pulling tighter around him. The cold, sharp sting of his energy came to her like the fall of fresh winter snow and she welcomed the sensation on her sweaty skin. As a hex slammed into her, she fell back slightly and the odd sensation of pulling a tethered rope between them caused Tom to react to it too.The next curse she fired seemed stronger and heavier in its affect, as it smashed into the man opposite her, causing him to fly into the air. Heat began to simmer on her finger and she could tell that whatever they were doing, was activating the ring.They seemingly found a frequency as Tom hurled a ball of fire straight at Wilamena Tuft's shocked, panting face. It wasn't common magic - definitely not something a Ministry representative would expect someone of Tom's age to know. And yet there it was. The roaring heat of it radiated around them, sparking with embers as it narrowly escaped her body.With a snap, she felt their frequencies meet and a power surged within them that set Eleanor and Tom on a violent spree. There wasn't a curse too brutal or dark they would not muster, every one becoming more forceful than the last. From the corner of her eye, she spotted Belgaire Argyle running from a heat seeking curse and ducking behind a blackened pylon. With gritted teeth and a one-track mind, she sprinted away, leaving Tom to finish the woman.As she rounded the corner of the pylon with a raised wand and a snarl - he was gone and instead, she came head to head with Amar Patil. He seemed to be hesitant to her, not knowing if she was to be trusted or not."Who are you?" he yelled, with a suspicious glance realising that she was just a young girl.Without mercy, she threw a crucio straight for his chest and she stepped forward as it came down on him like ten tonnes of brick."A gift from Calliope Grindelwald," she spat, honing the spell down onto him with stronger force. Just as she lunged back onto her leg to hurl a killing curse at him, a stinging hex hit her from the side and she let out a yelp as the bite ran through her, pricking at her skin like poison ivy.Momentarily distracted, she narrowly missed a curse from Amar, who had now caught the attention of Ezra.Surprisingly, he had become quite a good fighter, conjuring shields and summoning defences in quick timing. They fell into silent synchronicity as they began firing on him from two sides, effectively cornering him between the wall and a table.Her rage got the better of her and without another moment of hesitation, she shot a killing curse at the man as he deflected one of Ezra's curses, leaving him slumped against the table poetically like he left her mother draped over the piano.These were the small moments of reward in war, images of grotesque justice.With a loud bang as if the stage was detonated, Theodore came running around the side meeting their eyes with a gleeful wink, sending a vicious curse behind him. A tall, athletic-looking woman followed, throwing every piece of furniture in her wake at him as he dodged the flying pieces.Ezra acted first, leaping forward and offering a distraction as she sent glass shards from the shattered glasses towards Theodore like a rain of glitter."Come on cankles! This is boring!" he bellowed out to her with a menacing howl.Ezra's hex hit her as she grunted at the comment and she flew back into the pile of guests beyond.Just as they caught their breath another formation of attacks were set out into the air and they scrambled to avoid them as they plummeted. Eleanor found cover behind a table, watching as she panted for air as the woman lurched upwards and began to assault Ezra with a ceaseless battery.Eleanor's head popped up, attempting to distract the woman with another hex but as she did, she was thrown to the floor by another spell. The air was momentarily beaten out of her as she smacked into the hard marble of the pylon. As she choked for oxygen she watched as the woman cornered Ezra, gaining in on him and slicing his arm from palm to shoulder. It was at this moment, she realised he was doomed. The wound was so deep he screamed at the pain and the blood freely began to pour onto the ground.She desperately clawed at the stone floor, reaching for the wand that was knocked out of her hand and tried her best to recover from the hit. But she wasn't close enough and the woman smirked above Ezra - disarmed and vulnerable."No!" Eleanor screamed in a choked voice, but it was far too loud for anyone to hear.She saw something dash in her periphery as the woman threw her arm back to summon the curse. Before she could even register what was happening, the magic left her wand and propelled towards Ezra's wandless, defenceless form.Before it could hit him, Theodore flung himself into the path of the curse, convulsing in the air for a moment before falling to the floor with a large thud as it struck him violently in the chest. A blood curdling, guttural scream left Ezra's lips as he watched him brutally smack into the floor.Gasping at the sight, Eleanor scrambled for her wand and shot up, sending the killing curse straight into the woman from the far side of the room. She froze under the speed and vigour of the unsuspecting hit and crashed into the pile of bodies, wide-eyed and stiff.
  Dead.
Somehow dodging every spell that flew into the air, she ran towards them, picking up Ezra's wand and throwing it at him with panic."Go and help Abraxas! I'll make sure he's okay!" she commanded, grabbing Theodore's heavy, bleeding body and dragging it behind a table. It must have been a puncture curse of some sort. There was a large gaping hole in the right side of his chest - which judging by the outpour of blood, was extremely deep."It's okay...It's okay, I can mend this," she shrieked reassuringly, her shaking fingers resorting to pressing into the wound to stop the outflow of warm, viscous blood.Theodore's paled features summoned a weak attempt at his charming smile, although it didn't quite meet his dark eyes like it used to, "No you can't Grindelwald...not this time" he breathed, coughing with the words. Every time he did, the blood seemed to spurt out more and the colour drained a little from his complexion.He placed a hand on top of hers and another on her cheek, which was wet with a stream of salty tears, "What did I always tell you? Beautiful people like us..." he coughed violently, bringing up blood that ran down his chin, "should never cry."Eleanor shook her head manically, blinking through the tears and began conjuring healing spell after healing spell into him, every one failing more than the last. She tried every one she knew at least twice and then tried the ones she had heard Tom use in the back corner of her memory. The magic seemed powerless against the bleeding and the way his coughing worsened told her his lungs were flooding in on themselves."No!" she shook her head, "No...just let me...let me remember the haemothorax healing charm.." she shook with shock, trying her best to steady her wand, but the charm that she had read once on a late night in the Malfoy library didn't come to her memory.Finally, he grabbed her hand, stilling the shaking wand in it and looked up to her."It's okay...I'm okay, just need a moment too..." he trailed off, shutting his eyes as more blood poured from his mouth. It ran across his face onto his cheeks and into his nose. Not knowing what else to do, she quickly wiped it up with her hands, a cry falling from her lips as she did."Tell Esther-" he began in a raspy voice, but as he did, his breathing became ragged and wet like he was choking. Eleanor tried her best to pull him into a sitting position, resting his back onto her upright leg. But this only distracted her from putting pressure on the wound, which had soaked his entire white shirt and the floor beneath them."Tell her what?" she yelled at him, shaking him roughly with a whimper, "You can tell her yourself when we get out okay? You can..." The coughing fit ceased and his eyes closed, the only thing moving was the gush of blood from his chest which pooled out of the wound. 
  No.
"Theo," she cried, bowing her head into his neck, feeling the blood wet her skin. Her hands pressed into the left side of his chest, desperately seeking the comfort of a heartbeat. Seconds went by as she convinced herself it had simply slowed, or perhaps she wasn't feeling in the right spot."N...No!" she howled, feeling two hands hook underneath her arms from behind as she was pulled away, narrowly avoiding a curse that flew straight at Theodore's limp body. She thrashed against the form that gripped her, wanting nothing more than to go back."There's nothing you can do for him now. He's dead!" yelled Tom from behind her in a stressed voice. He managed to slam her behind the safety of a marble pylon and ran his concerned glare over her blood-spattered face and neck, wet with tears and eyes full of anguish."Quick! Go and make a Horcrux for him...or do the haemothorax spell...it's not too late, his nervous system just needs blood!" she babbled, fighting against the force of his arms which were pinning her manically shaking body to the cold surface of the pylon.Tom grabbed her blood-soaked hands in his and looked deep into her eyes as a curse flew above their heads and smashed into the wall adjacent to them. The debris of freshly ground stone filled the air with fine dust. Seeing his true face and not the mask was comforting, as she found a scrap of sanity in his familiar piercing glare and sharp jaw. Although she was distracted by the pain in her heart, there was a sensitivity to their touch that reverberated into her when he grabbed her...clearly, the energy bond was still connected. "It doesn't work like that and you know it," he replied in a quick and controlled voice, knowing it was the only way he could get her to calm down. "The only thing we can do for him now - is to make sure he doesn't die in vain and finish the job we came to do...That's what he would want."Eleanor let out another muffled cry as she nodded slowly, tightening her grip in his hands. He seemed to take her quietening, still demeanour as suitable enough to trust her. He eased his grip. "Patil's dead so is Leopold. Their reinforcements are all but gone. The only one you need to worry about now is Argyle...I'll come and help you once I've finished with Rothschild," he gave her one more comforting squeeze and then ran out into the hellfire again.Experiencing death does a strange thing to a person. In fact, it's often said that death is a kindness only to those that are in it. Seeing death is like drinking poison, it seeps into your bloodstream when you least expect it and colonises your internal tissues. The blackened, decaying insides gradually toxify your every crevice until finally, it travels up to the mind and the brain fills with a fate worse than death; grief.Eleanor was well acquainted with grief, it was perhaps her oldest friend. But this time, it consumed her more than ever before and the poison took over, replacing who she used to be.As it did, she shed the last moment of her girlhood and became something else entirely. It was beyond broken and travelled deeper than insanity ever could. In fact, this was the moment Eleanor became a beastly example of what happens when a woman is pushed too far.
  She became a nightmare.
And she was about to haunt like no one ever could.At the sound of another explosion in the distance, she lept from the safety of the column, a conjured shield at her side. With speed, she made her way across the ruin of a ballroom to where Belgaire had cornered Abraxas behind the bar. He seemed to be playing with him like a cat menacingly teasing a mouse before it became his dinner. Every time Abraxas lurched his head up to shoot, a fresh bottle of champagne would whirl down smashing into his head."Come on Malfoy...it's a good vintage...you're father would love it," he drawled with a terrifyingly sweet tone.Eleanor didn't hesitate as she threw the killing curse straight at his back, but as she did, she tripped on one of the guests that were knocked out onto the floor, causing the spell to dive just past his face. Belgaire stiffened and turned to her with an expectant smile. Ignoring the scrapes on her palms and knees she stood quickly, wand raised to the man that destroyed her.He hit her first, some sort of burning hex that singed the bottom of her gown to reveal her bloody legs and scarred thigh. It was a perverted assault, something that he had clearly come to master."Ah my dear Eleanor...I must admit I've been wondering when I'd see you again," he leered with his slimy voice and beady eyes which fell down her body and took delight in the newly exposed flesh.She flew a killing curse at him with jolting speed, but he blocked it the nick of time."Ready to die sweetheart?""Only if you'll come with me Argyle," she spat, successfully slicing his shoulder open with a knife hex.The horrific tone of his high pitched laugh filled the air. But before she could swing another curse at him to finish the job, something nearby exploded and sent her flying across the room and onto the splintered stage.There was far too much adrenaline in her system to feel the vertebrae discs that had been dislodged or the tailbone that had been fractured. Instead, she lept up to her feet, gritting her teeth. Eleanor whipped her head around, looking frantically for any sign of Belgaire or Tom, but all she could see was a strange dust cloud that appeared in the centre of the room and shadowing figured that formed within it.And just for a moment, the firing ceased.
  A deadly silence filled the room, which was somehow worse than the deafening blows and screams that preceded it. 
She rubbed her agitated eyes as the debris-filled mist began to dissipate and her mouth fell open as she took in the sight of the now identifiable figures that had appeared. A tall man with sharp features and slicked-back greyed hair came into her view, his eyes seemed to connect with hers and shock overtook her body, causing her to halt."Grandfather?" she asked, somewhat bewildered.He stepped forward, taking in her bedraggled and beaten appearance with a look laced in severe disgust, somewhat perturbed by the smeared blood and ash on her pale skin, "Eleanor darling, you've done beautifully...we'll take it from here..."Her jaw clenched, "No!.. I'm not-""I said" his voice became more firm as if it was a threat but the smile remained on his lips, "We'll take it from here, get your little friends and go..."Eleanor felt a grip tighten on her arm from behind and she looked up to see Anton, grinning down at her with the same hungry look she saw in Diagon Alley. She shrugged him off forcefully, raising her wand to his face. He chuckled as his eyes zeroed in on her exposed leg and burnt dress."Now now... I know you're angry..." her grandfather called, desperately attempting to appease her fury.She whipped her head around, readjusting her aim to Gellert with a snarl, "Oh Grandfather you flatter me... I'm not angry, I'm fucking furious...and I'll kill him if he ever touches me again."With that, she apparated to the other side of the ballroom, leaving Anton and her grandfather to stare at each other in disbelief at the hellish creature that she had become.Warding off a bombardment of attacks, she once again found Belgaire in the corner of the room who had Ezra at his knees under a crippling cruciatus curse. This time, she lurched forward, firing the cruciatus back at him with devastating intensity. Belgaire convulsed underneath it, all at once dropping his wand and releasing Ezra as he fell to his knees.The screams sounded like a heavenly hymn to her and the sight of him writhing in pain below filled her with the violent delight of dark magic, which seeped into her bloodstream like a fresh dose of ecstasy. Nothing could compare to that moment."You know I've been thinking a lot about you Belgaire..."She resisted the urge to fry him and lifted her wand, relieving the spell just as it began to tear apart his mind permanently and his screams became dulled. The small reprieve under the curse left him gasping for air and crawling to find his wand, inches from his grip."The way you tortured my sister and had her scratching at her throat while she begged for mercy..."This was his game and this time, she was serving with no mercy."She deserved it!" he spat in a shaky voice that croaked.Eleanor smirked, "I thought you would say that."Just as he reached for the wand, Eleanor came down on him again with a more brutal hit. His back arched unnaturally at the curse and his eyes seemed to roll back in his head in the face of the excruciating pain. Again, she released him."I thought a lot about what you would say...what you would do..."He was more scattered this time, his lanky form scrambling on the ground and twitching slightly."I lay awake at night, wondering how you would sound, begging for mercy just as Clara did...""I'll never beg to scum!" Belgaire yelled, glaring at her with a crazed glint in his eye. Being under the energy bridge had increased her power at least three-fold and the strength of the cruciatus was evident in his violent spasms and bloodshot eyes. It would normally take minutes to solicit that kind of response from a victim. But this time, it took seconds. She was sure she looked half-mad, the way she grinned at him when he said that. Her steps became deafeningly loud as she walked over to him and with a strong stomp she stood on his hand which grasped at his wand, crushing the fingers under it. His scream filled the air once more."Make no mistake" she threatened, kneeling down and shoving the pointy tip of her wand into his sweaty forehead."You're going to beg me for mercy and I want you to know that all the pain that you suffered was all my fault."With a flash, Belgaire reached up to the wand and pushed her forward, sending her off her balance and onto the ground. He quickly took advantage of the situation and snatched her wand from her loosened grip, climbing on top of her with a triumphant snarl. His legs pinned down her arms and no matter how hard she wriggled under his weight, she couldn't move."You're going to wish you never laid a hand on my sister!" Eleanor threatened with a wild shriek, reaching for his discarded wand that lay just out of her grip on the ground.He chuckled menacingly, digging the wand into the windpipe of her neck, "I wonder...who would be tighter around my cock? You or your sister? I guess we'll have to find out..."Eleanor tried her best to lurch forward and knock him off her, "You're a fucking monster!" she screamed.He let out a cruel laugh, taking great joy in her twisted hatred for him."I think I'll fuck you first and then kill you...and then maybe try you after as well..." he mused, running a dirty finger over her blood-spattered cheek.As he spoke, she managed to adjust her arm so the tip of the wand was in her fingers. However, the way his knees pressed into her shoulder made it hard for her to manipulate the wand towards him. Her eyes began dancing around what little she could see of the room for anything she could conjure to throw at him. Just as he began to prepare to send a cruciatus into Eleanor, her eyes met the large chandelier that hung from above. Around one thousand tiny shards of crystal hung from it and by the looks of the sheer size, it weighed enough to crush at least a dozen people to death.
  This was her final blood-soaked pirouette, her very own finale.
"Good luck with that," she spat at him, flinging the wand upwards and commanding the chandelier off its chain to plummet down onto them.The time it took to fall was devastatingly slow. The seconds felt like minutes as she watched his pale blue eyes contemplate her words and follow her gaze up to the chandelier. She managed one final smirk at the man before it came crashing down to end them both and as it did, she heard the sound of the twinkling crystal shards sing in the force of the wind.But just as it reached them, it exploded into a thousand pieces, ash and shards of crystal flying everywhere. She clenched her eyes shut as she felt something cut through her stomach and another, through her neck. Soon enough, she felt the prick and plunge of many tiny sharp pieces falling into her soft flesh. Belgaire felt it too, one landing square into his skull and standing upright, piercing the thick bone.Manic confusion passed through her features as she looked around for the source of the explosion, her neck straining as the sting of the wounds began to bleed. She watched Belgaire recover, gritting his teeth and wrapping his hands around her throat, forgetting his wand and going straight for the carnal ravage of suffocation. Her breathing became strained and she choked as his grip tightened.Suddenly, the searing sound of a violent slash filled the air and Belgaire went rigid, his eyes widening and his grip loosening around her neck. Her vision recovered slowly to find Tom behind him, plunging a bloodied golden dagger over and over again into the man's back and neck, followed by the sounds of gushing blood, breaking bones and torn skin.The man's spinal cord must have been a severed mess by the time his murderous rage was over. He made quick work of throwing the pierced body off her and she shook at the sight of his crimson covered hands and agonisingly pained stare."What...what are you doing? Where are the others?" her lips trembled as she began to frantically search the room, not able to process what just had occurred. Shock overtook her body. It was like her mind lagged a few moments behind reality and she hadn't quite computed how she came to where she was.He fell to the floor on his knees, surveying her bleeding wounds and pulled her bloodied and bruised body into his, so she was lying over him, "Did you really think I didn't know about your little martyrdom plan? Honestly Eleanor...why do you think I'm even here?" Tom's voice was full of pure exasperated rage as he looked desperately over the beautifully stupid girl beneath him."No..." she whispered with wide eyes, shaking her head at the realisation. Her tone dripping with the sorrow of betrayal, "It's how it must be Tom...I have to die, there's no other way...Let me, please-"Tom propped her up with gritted teeth, stressfully taking her head underneath his hands, "That's a fucking lie and you know it." he spat, no longer caring to hold back his anger. "Stop acting like a coward and accept that dying here just for some poetic justice is as stupid as it is heartless...How could you do that to me Elle?.." his voice broke at the end of it, it dripped with the bewilderment of her treachery like she was the one to stab him in the back.Dark spots began to dance in her vision and she felt the onset of her head becoming light as a feather."I had to try..." she managed out, her neck going limp underneath her hands and her face falling to the side. Eleanor watched as a pair of legs walked up to them, the hazy image drawing her away, deeper into the blackening abyss. "L...Love you Tom" Eleanor whispered.His sharp features contorted into a sickeningly stressed grimace as he began to cast a flurry of charms onto her, attempting to seal the wounds and stop the gush of bleeding. His heartbeat raced as he discovered more every time he managed to treat the last.And as her eyes closed and she slipped from consciousness, she prayed that death was kinder to her than life.But that prayer was interrupted by a soft sound from the deep, dark distance. She wasn't sure if it was real or a deathly dream, but what she did know, was that the words sounded like heaven."I love you too, Elle." 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  "I guess, 
  we were both angels 

  in each other's stories 

  and demons in our own context"

  -Afreen Razvi

   

  ***
Death. Many people fear it. They spend their whole life obsessively worrying about it just to spite the finality of the end. Some people even go to the darkest ends of the Earth just to find a cure because the terror of it is so maddening. For some, it's the unknown of what happens next that dictates their feelings towards it. For others, it's the fact that they think they know what lies ahead of death - yet they're still scared.
  The truth was all the more frightening.
Death was peaceful. Like falling into a long slumber after an arduous day in the sun. Aching muscles become relaxed, tension subsides in the jaw and your final breath feels like a sigh into the wind.The truth is, life is war and death is peace. However, the irony is, you cannot have one without the other. Perhaps that's the meaning of it all, to experience both extremes and to be thankful for them in equal measure when is all said and done.That's what Eleanor thought - at least subconsciously, while she was dead for exactly forty-four seconds.A warm glow met her vision underneath her heavy eyelids and the sound of distant, muffled chirping chimed from afar. As her eyelids fluttered slightly, she suddenly shot up taking a heaving breath - her dry mouth begging for the intake of air. By the sound of her croaking throat, even her body seemed shocked that she was still alive.Instantly, her gaze began scanning the room expecting at any moment to have a curse flown at her or be blasted into yet another piece of hard furniture. Instinctively she clutched her hand, thinking her wand was still within it, but all that she felt in her grip was the soft sheets of the bed. There was no enemy attacking, no sounds of explosions or screams.There was silence and a glorious fresh breeze that wandered through the slightly cracked window.Was she in heaven?
  Of course not.
Hell perhaps?
  No fire or brimstone.

  Maybe the devil had saved the nicest room for her...it wouldn't be the first time.
The room was decorated in an antiquated grandeur that reminded her of Malfoy Manor. But this was somehow warmer in its lack of supreme extravagance. The wallpaper was delicate, intricate florals adorned the cushions and textiles and the cream and light green tones that wove through the room reminded her of a meadow somehow. Above her head, fell a canopy of white fabric and a large marble fireplace lay dormant at the opposite end of the wide room.She had absolutely no idea where she was. Or how she got there.Eleanor shifted uncomfortably on the soft mattress, feeling a pain run through her thighs and up her spine. Glancing down, she found herself in a simple white cotton nightdress, fresh bandages wrapped around her arms, legs and chest. Something about the discovery gave her the feeling she had been asleep for a while.
  But how long?
As her mind began to race to put the pieces together, she was only met with momentary flashes of horrific scenes, pain and green light. Despite them, she couldn't manage to string a consistent time of events together. The last thing she remembered was looking down at Theodore and saying...
  Oh god.
A hand flew to her mouth to cup a silent scream. His death came flooding back to her in a traumatising rolodex of scenes and words, each one setting her into a further pit of despair. Her heart ached with a mighty pang of guilt as she watched him throw himself in front of the curse. A thousand profanities fell from her lips as she scraped her hands through her messy hair.
  Everything was wrong.
Theodore was gone and she was still here...why?In a moment of panic, she ripped the sheets off her body and jumped out of the bed. A strange sensation of pins and needles and a lack of balance met her feet as they touched the carpet.She needed her wand.Looking over to the bedside table, she found an ashtray filled with cigarette butts and a familiar copy of War and Peace. Her mind couldn't compute the significance of the items, she was dedicated to locating her wand, which seemed to be completely missing.
  Was she captured?

  Did the authorities take it off her? Has she been sentenced to a life without magic?
With a pace that her body raged against, she ran over to the window, desperately shoving the pane upwards with her bandaged hands. The crisp air wafted in, engulfing her in a fresh cloud of oxygen that she craved. But it wasn't enough...she needed more. With a bout of madness, she stuck her head and torso out of the window, taking in the wind and feeling as it whipped on her face with its cool touch. The distinct smell of fresh dew, moss and earth met her nose and she sighed into it.And that's when she became aware of her surroundings.Never before had she seen such a beautiful view. Wherever she was, had grounds twice the size of Malfoy Manor and twice as beautiful as Hogwarts. It seems they were wrapped in various landscapes of manicured parkland, river stream and even a thick forest in the far distance, which skirted below green rolling hills.It was beautiful.And quiet.Instinctively, she leaned out further, letting the warmth of the sundance along her pale, sunken-in face. Closing her eyes, she took a moment to relish it."At it again are you?" a low, raspy tone sounded from behind her.The sound took her by such a surprise that she whipped around, banging her head into the pane as she did."Honestly Eleanor a window? Can't I leave you for two minutes without trying to kill yourself?"Eleanor looked as if she had seen a ghost. Her stormy eyes took in his piercing ones, the messy raven curls that fell slightly over his face and his unmistakeable smirk, which twitched with hints of amusement. For some reason, she felt faint - as if the sight of him was enough to lose consciousness all over again. Her wide eyes and open mouth simply stared, registering his presence with shock.
  Was this a dream?

  A hallucination perhaps?
He raised a brow at her, slightly concerned, but the humour he found in her appearance remained on his lips."Are you real?" she managed out in a croaky voice, not trusting her sanity enough to ensure he wasn't an illusion.Tom took a step forward, slowly closing the gap between them, like he was approaching a frightened deer. Subconsciously, she took a step back with a quick gasp, clearly not completely calmed from the last time she was awake.A small frown momentarily met his forehead at the gesture and he stopped an arm's length away in case it was too much for her to handle."As real as I'll ever be..." he replied, extending out his hand to her - asking for hers.Her panicked gaze seemed to soften slightly as she looked at him up-close and it travelled down to survey his hand cautiously. After a moment of pause, she reached out to him, a jolt of electricity running through her as her fingertips grazed his palm.He waited patiently for her to come closer, his heart skipping a beat at the sensation of his hand in hers.And then, without hesitation as if deciding Tom was in fact, real, she lept into his arms, engulfing herself in his chest. He groaned slightly with a chuckle as she buried her face close to his heart so she could listen to the symphony she had come to love. Eleanor's arms tightened around him, scared to let him go. She went into sensory overload, taking in the soft scent of tobacco, cologne and now something new...moss perhaps? Feeling the familiar softness of his white cotton button-up shirt and hearing his heart pound deafeningly into her ear. Then, with a rush of warmth, he wrapped his strong arms around her.And for the first time in a while, she felt truly safe.Wherever she was, heaven or hell - this was home."You're in a lot of trouble you know that?" he said as his hushed voice reached her ear, but the sharp edge to his tone was gone and all that remained was deep affection.Eleanor nodded, blinking back the tears that threatened to well in her eyes.They stayed like that for what seemed like an hour, both of their minds so driven by a yearning for the simple touch of one another.When she finally took up the courage to let him go, he ran her a bath and ordered her some food - refusing to talk to her about anything until she was refreshed and fed.Finally, as he watched her ambitously shove the final piece of the sandwich in her mouth, Tom took a deep breath readying himself for what he expected to be a very long list of questions.Perhaps it was just her excitement at seeing him, but as her eyes fluttered over his features she began to become slightly uneasy. He shot up out of the small armchair, clearing his throat and turning his attention to the mantle of the fireplace, suddenly finding great interest in the painting above it.This was unlike Tom and the more she watched him aimlessly twist the ring around his finger and clench his jaw, the more suspicious she became.Eleanor turned to him, arms crossed and head slightly slanted to the side as she watched in curiosity.
  Was he...nervous?
"Tom I..." she began to apologise, looking for the words before she could jump into her long list of questions."Eleanor-" he started at the same time.She paused, letting him continue with the odd flourish of awkwardness that hung in the air.He swallowed down hard, turning to her from the other side of the room, "Eleanor...if you ever fucking do anything like that to me again... I will have no choice but to kill you myself..."Another wave of guilt ran through her and sent a pang into her heart, "I...I'm sorry. I thought it was for the best...I thought-""You thought what? That crushing yourself to death would be fun for me? For your family? For your friends?" Tom's sharpness returned and she could see he was trying to control his temper by the way he ran his hand through his hair.Eleanor sighed with a defeatist nod, looking down to her fingers which had knotted together in her lap, "You're right...I was being selfish and that was entirely awful of me...I see that now."When she was met with silence, she dared to look up to him to continue, "I guess...I thought everyone would, after time..." she searched for the courage to finish the sentence, "I thought maybe you would be better off without me."The confession hung in the air and she watched as he contemplated the words with a deep breath and a tight jaw."That's the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard," he finally responded in utter disbelief, "How...How on Earth could I be better off without you Elle?" he laughed, somehow amused at the thought.She opened her mouth to answer, but he cut her off."I've always been...obsessive, always addicted to things," he was almost shouting now, lost in his manic train of thought, "First, it was books, then it was magic, then it quickly became dark magic...But let me tell you - I have never, ever met something so fucking addictive as you. For the first time in my whole life, I can sleep at night without any potions or alcohol to help. I hear you say my name in your sleep and it makes me want to strangle anyone that has ever laid their hands on you...And when you're gone, I think about you all - the fucking time. I worry about you. Everything smells like fucking lavender and guess what? It doesn't come out in the wash - I've tried. I'm so sure that you've sent me completely insane, but I'm even more confident, that if you were ever taken away from me, I would burn the fucking world down - because it wouldn't matter anymore."Eleanor stared up at him, confronted by the raw honesty of the words. Something, she had never expected from him, ever.He stepped closer to her with a pointed finger, still not finished, "So don't you ever fucking sit there and tell me that I would be better off without you because it's not true - and you know it."She had no idea what to do in the moment. Did she smile? Did she cry? Did she do both and kiss him until her lips went numb and her legs gave out?He stood there, panting as he recovered from the confession a slightly mad glint in his eye as she stood up from the armchair and moved closer to him. Reaching for his hands, she gripped them in her own and just as she did in London, she planted a soft chaste kiss on his knuckles, leaving trails of her devotion as she went.Finally, when she felt him calm down, she looked up at him through her lashes, "I love you, Tom. More than anything in this world...and I promise, I will never do anything like that again."Tom observed her for the moment, relaxing slightly more and taking in the affront of her holy veracity and soft touch. Without another moment of hesitation, he took her by the waist and slammed his lips into hers, craving the absolution of her taste. There was no doubt in the way he melted into her that he forgave her. She responded quickly, lacing her fingers into his hair and pushing herself into him as if never wanting to be apart again. It was a kiss so full of divine adoration, clemency and reverence that they didn't need to say anything else.When she pulled away, desperate to catch her breath she grinned up to him, "Now are you going to tell me where exactly we are?"He reached up to her chin and stroked her cheek with his thumb, looking into her eyes for the strength to go on with the conversation, "Why don't you sit down..."Eleanor's brows stitched together but with a nervous chuckle, she obliged and sat on the end of the bed with an expectant stare."We're in Balmoral Estate, in Scotland..." he answered, somewhat wearily searching her face for something unknown."Why?.." she asked, sorrow whirling through her mind at the thought, "Is this where Theodore's funeral will be held?"Tom didn't answer straight away and seemed to be deliberating his choice of words, "No...that will be at Lestrange Manor in a few days. Eleanor...you've been out for almost three whole days. Do you remember anything about that night?"Confusion crept into her, "Parts of it...It's all in fractures though, just moments and sounds..."He nodded, his stare becoming more intense, "I apparated you back as soon as I knew it was safe...you were so bloodied up, we took shards of glass the size of knives out of you. I thought you were going to die...I was panicked..."Her heart dropped, "You didn't...you didn't make me a Horcrux did you?""No!" he spat, letting out an empty laugh, "God no, if I did that - you would never speak to me again..."Eleanor sighed in relief, knowing that whatever was about to come out his mouth couldn't be as bad as that would have been."Elle, your grandfather was at the Ministry that night...can you remember that?" his voice was slow and cautious.Suddenly, with his words, it all flooded back to her. The ash cloud. Anton. Her grandfather."Oh fuck," she whispered, burying her head in her palms replaying the memories again.Slowly she looked to him and then without hesitation - shot up, the panic returning to her eyes."Tom, we have to...we have to leave right now. He's going to find me here and when he does, he will drag me back to Europe with Anton...we need to go," she began, in a rushed tone laced in fear."Eleanor...Anton's dead. I killed him," he replied simply, steadying her manic mood swing with his controlled demeanour."What? Well...that doesn't matter - grandfather is still going to come looking for me. We need to pack, now and leave..."He made no move and watched her with an odd look in his eyes, almost like...guilt."He's here, Elle. He's downstairs."Heart-stopping shock overcame her again and her legs felt numb, not permitting her to walk.She shook her head at him with pleading eyes, "No...No...He can't be, you knew I didn't want to see him-""I didn't have a choice, he followed us back here. I was too hellbent on getting you to some healers to notice...He wants to talk to you and he won't leave until he does."*** The knock against the hard, wooden door was deafening in the midst of their silence. She couldn't bear to look at him, as they walked through the whole elaborate castle without a word. A small part of her felt betrayed, but a larger part of her was scared that everything that had just been given to her was about to be taken away.The door creaked open to reveal a colossal formal dining room, where her Grandfather sat happily at the head of the long table, surrounded by piles of notes and books which were neatly arranged in stacks.
  Seemingly, he needed a desk the size of his ego.
"Ah! Sleeping beauty awakens..." he greeted her with a cheery disposition, standing from the table and walking towards her.Eleanor didn't reply and only sent him a harsh glare in response.The older gentleman didn't seem too offended by her coldness and instead, chuckled to himself as he neared."You are your father's daughter...such a temper," he cooed, before looking over to Tom with a dismissive air of authority, "If I could have a moment with her..."He nodded seriously with a clenched jaw, turning to Eleanor as he left, "I'll be in the garden."Eleanor simply nodded to him without giving him the satisfaction of her eye contact. "I'd like my wand back please," she demanded in a harsh tone, not backing down from her Grandfather's imposing closeness. The distant sound of the door closing signalled Tom's departure. He seemed to enjoy the bite in her voice and the rigidity in her stance, his eyes dancing as if pleased with the way she had hardened over the years. Maybe it was because the world was no longer safe for soft girls with trust in their hearts. Or, perhaps it was simply because it reminded him of his son and the way he used to be. "Oh yes, you will...after you sit with me for a while," he replied, leading her back up to the head of the table and gesturing with a flourish of his hand to sit beside him. With an agitated huff, she sat, making sure to drag her chair across the stone tiles as loudly as possible. Tapping her finger impatiently on the wood of the surface, she waited for him to begin."Quite the show you put on the other night..." Gellert finally said with a tone laced in thick sarcasm. Her nose crinkled, "It wasn't for you," she spat back, feeling the hardness of the chair arise discomfort in her tender spine.He chuckled, "Yes, that's quite clear...If it was for me, I would've sent you back up - so you weren't left to attack the British Ministry of Magic with six teenagers," his voice became harsh, laced with disapproval. "But of course, that could have only been arranged if you had bothered to answer my letters- which were sent with great risk, may I add...""We did pretty well for ourselves I think..." she snapped back, chin high and lips pressed into a firm line."Two of ours dead is nothing to celebrate."A defiant grin came onto her lips, "Yes, sorry to hear about dear Anton...I'd love to say he'll be missed, but I'd hate to lie to you grandfather..."His demeanour faltered slightly at her words - turning grave and disappointed,  "He was a good match for you...Smart, loyal and high born...""What would you know about what's good for me? My father was smart, loyal and high born and look where is now...dead. All because of you," her words were like venom as they came out of her mouth, she wasn't holding back.
  Not anymore.
They sat in silence as her grandfather contemplated the offence, before finally nodding in agreement - giving in to the guilt of the insult. Not many people questioned his authority these days, nor spoke to him with anything other than devoted reverence...but here Eleanor was, putting him in his place. "I failed you...and them - it's true. But surely sending yourself to an early grave is no respectful way of paying them back either?"She turned to him with a humourless laugh, "I was simply following a family tradition...A Grindelwald always pays their debts, as you so love to say..." her tone was mocking and she delivered the words with an eye-roll."Yes...and now it seems you owe the debt of your life to another...this Tom Riddle. How are you going to pay that back, Eleanor?""He's a good man grandfather-" she began, but she was cut off by his laugh."Well he better be, because you're marrying him," he declared with amusement, shaking his head at the stupid girl in front of him.
  What?
Confusion plastered on her features, displacing the irritation that was once there. She searched her grandfather's eyes for reason behind the words but came up with nothing."Just because we are involved does not mean that we're going to marry. Don't be ridiculous."Surprisingly, he simply smiled at her as if realisation had overtaken him and he leaned back into the chair."He hasn't told you, has he?""Told me what?" her voice was harsh but there was an undeniable edge to it, like as she was stressed at his words. Silently, she shifted in her chair, again feeling the discomfort of the hardwood beneath her.Gellert looked over her for a moment, pausing to read to her expression before continuing, "After saving you when you so elegantly flung yourself under that chandelier..." he recounted it as if it was incredibly embarrassing to the family name. "I found him, panicked trying to heal the extensive damage you had done to yourself...while you were all but dead. Naturally, we followed him back here. He didn't stop until you were stable and even then, he wouldn't leave your side. The boy stayed with the healers - completely exhausted - to tirelessly work on you..."Eleanor stared at him in disbelief, her mind racing with rapid-fire thoughts at his words, trying to keep up and understand what they meant. He sighed, placing a cold hand on top of hers, "I've made the grave mistake of not protecting my family Eleanor and despite what you may think, it haunts me - and I won't be making that mistake again. You need someone that will be by your side...I'm waging a war, I can't be worried about my grandaughter going off on suicide missions - and the Malfoy's clearly can't control you..." he shook his head in disgust at the mention of her mother's family. It was made very clear over the years that her grandfather disapproved of her mother and the Malfoy name. Despite their prominence in British society, her father was expected to marry someone of more European, noble birth. But instead, they married for love - something her grandfather had despised and never quite forgotten."That...that doesn't mean..." she stuttered, "I have to marry - he and I, we're not leaving each other..."A look of guilt passed over his features, "As you said before, a Grindelwald always pays their debts... I needed to be sure you were safe and in doing so, he made the unbreakable vow."Her heart stopped and her mouth fell open.
  No.

  The unbreakable vow?
Eleanor gritted her teeth and clenched her fists, "You forced him to agree to marry me?" she yelled, anger flooding into her.Gellert shook his head and let out an exasperated laugh at her dramatic response, "Of course I did. There is nothing I wouldn't do to keep you safe. Besides, he gets 2.8 billion galleons in return, I don't think he is particularly opposed...I looked into his mind, the boy loves you - it's clear as day. He's a good fighter, a smart boy with ambitions-"Somehow Eleanor's eyes widened further and she abruptly stood up shrieking, "You used Ligilimency on Tom?!"With a loud bang, her grandfather slammed his hand down on the table, seemingly done with her ungratefulness. "You want me to protect our family Eleanor? This, this is how I am going to protect our family-" his loud booming voice echoed through the large room. "Our family is gone thanks to you,."Yes, and it will continue - thanks to you - as soon as you marry."She shook her head, letting the anger mellow into her as she turned to him with pleading eyes. If there was anything she could say to fix this, she would. Guilt ran through her as she began to realise Tom had gone to these lengths just to protect her and she knew more than anyone else that he had no interest in marriage. "I love him...but he doesn't want this, I know him too well grandfather...please..." her voice was almost begging.Eleanor felt sick, and for a moment she had to take a deep breath to keep down whatever was in her stomach that threatened to come back up."Be grateful I didn't have you marry Anton - at least he was a pureblood...but even I can't deny the strength of a bloodline that is fused with both mine and Salazar Slytherin's heirs now can I?"This seemed to push her over the edge, sending her into a fit of rage, "Grateful? How much longer will I have to suffer from your incessant quest for power? Is it not enough to have taken my family, my sanity and now my freedom? Not to mention Tom's!"He stood up in response, matching her fury. His familial gentleness was all but peeled back to reveal the side of him that plunged fear into nations' hearts. "If you don't marry the Riddle boy Eleanor there are fifty others waiting in line and mark my words, I'll kill him just to make sure you don't miss him," he threatened, with one hand clutched onto her shoulder and another, waving a pointed finger at her.Eleanor shook with anger as she turned herself away to gather the strength not to kill him right there. It was at this point she was reminded, that no matter how much she did indeed want to kill him, she didn't have her wand. After a few deep breaths in the thick of the tension laden silence, she turned around to face him."Right. Well, you've forced Tom to marry me, given away all my money and successfully made me completely despise you... Do I get my wand now?"Sighing, he reached into his robes to pull out the wand and hand it to her. But before he let go of it, he paused, seemingly having one final thing to say."And don't think about breaking the vow, Eleanor. I know about the Horcrux. If he fails to protect you and puts you in any danger...the vow is absolute. The price isn't his death - it's his souls', no matter how fragmented that may be."With one final grimace, she snatched the wand out of his hand and stalked out, slamming the door as she left. 
  ***
It took her around half an hour to finally find him. Balmoral Estate was so large, she ended up having to ask an old house-elf named Kip for directions. She had come to know Tom quite well by now and he always seemed to like to be in the fresh air when he needed to relax. He sat at a bench underneath a tall tree that overlooked the beautiful stream.As she walked through the meadow towards him, she took a deep breath, steadying herself. From the short distance, she could see the small cloud of smoke above his head, clearly needing the nicotine before their interaction.With a sigh, she rounded the wooden bench and sat down, taking a moment to let the view settle her residual anger and nerves."Do you like it here?" he asked in a low raspy voice, exhaling into the wind and breaking the awkward silence.A crease appeared between her brows as she contemplated the simple words, "Of course, it's beautiful..." she admitted as her gaze ran over the fresh blue stream that bubbled ahead and the green lush forest that painted the horizon. As if on cue, a finch fluttered past and landed on a stone to indulge in the water. "Good. Because I purchased it from the Lestrange family...for us," Tom said the words slowly, knowing the day had already been exhausting enough for her and he was dropping yet another bombshell in her lap. "Your grandfather demanded I give you a home and I've always liked this place...It has a huge library, lots of first editions. Of course, if you hate it, you're welcome to redecorate however you please...I hope you don't mind-""I'm sorry..." she whispered, cutting him off as she shook her head, "I didn't know he would do that...I can't believe he made you do that..."Tom turned to look at her with profound disbelief in his features, "Why on Earth would you be sorry?" he asked, taking the cigarette in between his teeth again."I know you hate the idea of marriage. You told me yourself that it completely disinterests you...and now...you have no choice. And it's all my fault."A silence filled the air as he contemplated the words with care. Putting out the cigarette, he sighed gazing out to the ducks in the stream as he tried to find the words to say."I did think that..." he agreed with a nod, before turning back to face her with grave seriousness, "And then... I watched you die...Those forty-four seconds were the longest moments of my fucking life, Elle. The worst actually. And they were long enough for me to regret whatever I said before because I didn't know then...what it would be like without you."A muffled cry escaped her lips, shaking her head at the words that she thought he clearly was making-up to relieve her of the guilt."This isn't how it's meant to be Tom...You're meant to choose to be with the person you love forever, not be forced into it...It will never end well if you don't want it. You'll get sick of me - and you'll regret it."Tom let out an empty laugh, shaking his head at the profound stupidity of her words. Her complete inability to understand the depth of his feelings for her never failed to surprise him."Eleanor the only thing I could ever regret is if I don't marry you..." he admitted with a slow, hushed honesty. She turned to him, bewilderment in her features and a hitch in her breath."What?"He raised a brow at her and with a sigh, he stood up, gathering an ounce of courage as he took in the view. After a moment, he slowly turned back around and she watched with shocked confusion as he got down to the grass one knee in front of her.
  Oh my god.
"Tom you don't have to-" she started, but he silenced her with a warning glare."Shut up Eleanor, you're ruining it," he commanded, reaching into his jacket pocket for a small black velvet box.Her mouth fell open and her eyes widened, she wanted to speak but nothing came out. His darkened, piercing gaze met hers and just for a moment, she thought he was speechless too. But he cleared his throat, recovering from whatever he was fighting back. "Eleanor Margaret Grindelwald...you are the most insufferable, reckless, insane woman I have ever met...and I am the vilest, most arrogant, merciless man...But for some reason, you love me and I could think of nothing more that I want in the world than to marry you...If you'll have me, that is..."He opened the box to reveal the most beautiful diamond ring she had ever seen. A sparkling emerald cut diamond sat in the centre of the silver band. She gasped as she looked over the detail of it, noticing it was flanked by an outer halo of deep green emeralds. "I can't give you a normal life...You know me well enough by now to know that. I have ambitions and plans to make a future for myself, but I promise you I'll keep you safe. And until the end, when time takes its final breath my entire soul lies with you - you're mine and I am yours."As she stared at it, a tear fell onto her cheek from the wells in her eyes, her mouth went dry and for a moment, she forgot how to speak."So?..spit it out Eleanor..." he prodded impatiently, watching as she came to the reality of the situation.Gathering herself and wiping a tear from her cheek and nodded with a small, laugh laced in disbelief, "Yes, of course..."They sat on the bench for another hour. He held her while Eleanor went through a continuous cycle of laughter, crying and disbelief over and over again. She couldn't stop looking down at the ring which sparkled so violently beneath the rays of warm sunshine. As he felt her heavenly body under his, he thanked whatever divine fortitude it was that gave them this moment. Tom would never forget how her pink lips forged the sweetest smile and spilled the most lovely words to soften his jagged, cold heart. The way her eyes raged with the colour of a stormy sea that he would gladly drown in.
   She was art and Tom would spend his life marvelling at the beauty of her.
They knew they weren't the protagonists in anyone's favourite novel. In fact, they were well aware they had committed enough sin and slaughter to forever be considered the villains. No one would ever write a book about the way she would flood the Earth with a flash of her wrathful devotion just to see him smile. Not a single poet nor historian would recount how he - in turn - would gladly pour gasoline over the world and light it with hellfire just to see her safe and sound. And they certainly wouldn't care to mention, that when she died and the Earth took her body, he would envy the way it embraced her flesh. That's the twisted, dark thing about the depth of love, it demands the worst form of worship. Obsessive reverence and a devout commitment to go to the ends of morality and beyond for the other. There is no ethical line that couldn't be crossed in the sight of it. Love is paradoxical, it yields the most terrifying parts of the soul for the most heavenly pleasure.Eleanor and Tom were the most terrifying of them all. Two angels fallen from grace, beaten and battered by the fateful descent, ready to build a cathedral from the ashes of whoever stood in their way on the ground. They weren't saints, nor were they sinners - but a divine, fearsome force that couldn't be defined within those earthly terms. And for the first time in both of their lives, they were completely, incandescently happy. THE END   
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
  
  
  
  Part i | 
  The Wedding
They married on a cold Friday evening underneath the full moon. The grand ballroom was completely lit by the warm glow of candlelight and the smell of lavender and peonies wafted through the air. As per Eleanor's request, it was not a large event full of people's gawking faces she hardly knew. Instead, it was intimate, with just their friends, the Malfoy's, Professor Slughorn and of course, much to her dismay - her grandfather.Gellert gave them little under a month to have the wedding done and the papers signed - but that wasn't of much concern to them. After everything that had happened in such a short period of time, Eleanor and Tom both wanted something more simple.Theodore's funeral was painstakingly sorrowful and afterwards, Eleanor barely left her bedroom for days. The guilt ate away at her but even more so at Ezra, who hadn't forgiven himself for letting him take the curse in his stead.The only thing that finally made her get up and face the day, was when Tom informed her that Octavia had elected herself as acting director of the wedding planning committee. Despite her cousin being almost two months pregnant, she had very little issue with taking charge of the preparations. By the time she found her downstairs, she was in the midst of ordering 20,000 roses, writing invites for half the country and overseeing the construction of a cathedral-like 'event space' on the grounds.Eleanor respectfully declined all of these suggestions.Her Aunt came with her to all her bridal fittings. Much like her daughter, she had many ideas that were as extravagant as they were unnecessary. However, Eleanor knew what she wanted straight away - something that resembled her mother's wedding dress. When she was younger, both she and Clara would stare longingly at the wedding portrait of their parents, which hung proudly in the formal sitting room. They would sit in front of it for hours and plan their future weddings and imagine what handsome man they might marry one day. Now, that portrait would be moved to her own formal sitting room - but she would stare at it alone.The gown was made of fine ivory Chantilly lace, it fell to the floor in a flourish of fabric and although simple, was the picture of elegance.An intimate, decadent dinner was had for their reception - which Eleanor had allowed Octavia to oversee, on the condition that it was understated and not too over the top. Admittedly, she did a wonderful job, as a thousand candles floated above their heads and a long centrepiece of wildflowers ran across the long table.Although the guests were more than jovial, making toasts every few minutes and drinking enough champagne to run France dry, Eleanor found herself lost in her thoughts. Celebrating wasn't something that felt particularly appropriate, as just over a few weeks ago they just buried their best friend."He would've loved this, you know..." she mused with a sorrowful smile, "I can picture him, sitting here with a firewhiskey in hand, telling me that 'he told me so'..."Tom offered her a sympathetic grin and a nod, enveloping his hand into hers and leaning in close to her, so no one else could hear."I never told you what he said to me, after that night in the DADA classroom when you nearly died..." he admitted with a hushed voice, "he told me, that I was both the luckiest man alive and the biggest fool he'd ever met...because only a fool wouldn't admit to loving someone like you."She gave out a laugh, breaking through the sorrow for just a moment, "Well he was right...I wish he was here..."Her eyes pricked with tears and she looked down to her lap to disguise them from the guests. Slowly, Tom dragged her chin up to face him, wiping the rogue tear that fell into her cheek."He was the best of us...and he wouldn't want you to be crying, not tonight" he whispered to her.Eleanor nodded with a small laugh, remembering something he once said to her.'Beautiful people like us should never cry, Eleanor'Later that night,  after a lot of drinking and dancing, the guests were finally gone and the home was as silent as a mouse, returning to its peaceful tranquillity.Tom collapsed onto the bed, forehead beaded with sweat and chest rising and falling as he took in his wife that lay beside him. Her pink swollen lips parted slightly as she panted, looking up to the ceiling with heavy eyes full of lust as she quivered in the ecstasy of their release.It had been a while since they last indulged in each other. He could barely wait until the last guest was out the door for him to pin her down onto the dining table and take her right there - still in her wedding gown. There was something about seeing her in white that stirred something deep within him. In fact, when she walked down the aisle, he was sure that he had never seen anything so angelic or beautiful in his entire life.Maybe it was the champagne, or perhaps it was the simple prospect of being alone and together for the rest of her life but when they got back to the room, they found themselves tearing off each other's clothes for another dose of euphoria.Eleanor finally turned over, still light-headed from her arousal and moved to rest her cheek on his chest, listening to his racing heart begin to slow. His hand wrapped around her shoulder while the other, lazily fell on his chest. The onyx stone of his ring glinted in the warm hue of the fireplace and she turned her attention to it, running her finger gently around the ring as they recovered."What are you going to do when I finally die?" she asked, teasing him with a small grin."Why? Are you planning another revenge martyrdom?" he shot back in a mocking tone.Eleanor smacked his hand with a chuckle, turning up to face him with an expectant look, clearly wanting an answer. The sides of his lips twitched with amusement as his hand came up to stroke her hair, "I'll burn the world down I suppose - since I'll have some free time on my hands.""If you remarry, I'll haunt you like in Jane Eyre," she threatened, eyeing him with a sarcastic severity.Tom couldn't help but chuckle at the ridiculousness of the notion, "I wouldn't dream of it - you're scary enough alive..."They fell into a hushed lull as the fire crackled from across the room. Eleanor took to running her fingertip over the white scar tissue that dashed along his chest - an unfortunate souvenir from the night at the Ministry. "Now that we've got this awfully large home...does this mean I can get a puppy?" she asked, trying her luck with the request in the event of his good mood. "Absolutely not."A disappointed huff left her lips and she dragged her eyes up to his with a doe-like pleading glint, "A cat perhaps?""No," Tom replied quickly, scrunching up his nose at the thought of having a beast sneak around his home.  "Well, I think you're about to rue the day you married me Mr Riddle, because I won't stop nagging you until I have one," Eleanor grinned cheekily, placing a seductive kiss on his fingertip, "and I think you'll find I can be very persuasive..."He raised a brow at her as he watched her lips graze him with the soft kiss again, "You can nag all you want Mrs Riddle, but I think you may be quite busy with the redecorating for boredom to be an issue...that - and of course my ambition to fuck you in every room of this manor."Blush painted her cheeks as she shook her head at the crude words, her mind focusing on her new name instead. "Mrs Riddle, You know I used to think that was so funny...so ridiculously paradoxical..." she mused with a sweet smile.With a swift move and a menacing glint in his eye, he flipped her back onto her back, climbing on top of her again."And now?" Tom purred into her ear in a raspy tone, sending a shiver down her spine. Slowly, he began trailing wet kisses down her neck, every so often stopping to nip at the sensitive flesh.Eleanor gasped at the sensation, momentarily distracted from answering. "Well I never quite liked being a Grindelwald...but Eleanor Margaret Riddle... You know, I think I rather like it," she admitted breathily, melting into the touch."I like it too," he replied in a gravelly tone, pushing himself inside her for the third time. 
  Part ii | The Birth
 It was late on a Wednesday evening when she discovered it. After a week of not keeping her dinner down, a month of a relentlessly aching back and a constant sensitivity in her flesh.
  She knew.
Although Eleanor hadn't bled in two months, she put it down to the sheer stress of Tom being away and the growing political conflict brewing too close to home. But when Poppin, one of their house-elves, began making her take extra herbs and remedies and suggesting that she lay down more than usual - it all but sealed the reality of it."It can't be true," she shook her head with a bewildered whisper, running her fingers over her stomach under the hot water of the bath."I can hear the heartbeat Lady Eleanor and you've been sick for over a moon..." Poppin replied, pouring her a cup of tea and placing it next to the bathtub.She sighed and palmed her face, a cocktail of emotions whirling inside her head. "We mustn't tell him, okay Pop? This needs to be handled quietly..."The elf came over to the bathtub and eyed her with a widened stare, "Missus doesn't want to keep the baby?"Eleanor shook her head, "No. I-I can't do that. This is no environment for baby to grow up in," she replied, pinching the bridge of her nose and clenching her eyes shut as another wave of nausea came over her.Poppin nodded, "I will make the preparations Missus, as you wish."She slid further into the bathwater until her whole body was submerged and the urge to drown herself was never stronger. The constant sickness was one thing, but the hormonal waves that crashed through her and drew out the most profound displays of madness were something else. Yesterday, she cried when she received a letter from Ezra who invited them to holiday with him and his wife in Monte Carlo. She wasn't exactly sure what set it off, perhaps it was the fact that one of her oldest friends sounded miserable even via the scribble on parchment, or maybe it was just because she missed Tom. Whatever it was, it shocked the household because since the wedding she barely ever cried. Nowadays, it seemed a daily occurrence. If it wasn't a letter, it was looking at a painting, or perhaps reading a passage in her favourite book that never affected her before.When Octavia arrived for tea last week, she brought baby Victoria with her and it took all of Eleanor's strength to fight back the tears as she was placed in her arms. Having children was never a plan for Eleanor and Tom, but she had a soft spot for them that she couldn't deny.  Victoria fell asleep soundly against her chest with one little chubby hand clutching at her long dark hair."She never does that!" Octavia exclaimed in a shocked voice, "In fact, the little rascal barely sleeps...my goodness Eleanor you've got the magic touch."Eleanor let out a sceptical laugh at the compliment, "Don't be silly, I'm sure she's just exhausted and I happened to be holding her."She couldn't bear to tell Octavia that she was pregnant because there was no way she would understand why she wasn't going through with it. To her cousin, children were a blessing and an opportunity to love something more than yourself.But to Eleanor, it was more complicated.Watching her parents die made her reconsider a lot of things she had once thought were a fact. With the muggle rebellion rising and the old families preparing for war, there was no way she could guarantee the safety of their child. An assassination attempt was even made on Tom a few months ago and it still rattled her bones and haunted her sleep. The rebellion intelligence had discovered that Tom and Eleanor were to be in London for a week and one crisp November evening, they were attacked in the middle of Diagon Alley. Luckily, the assassin was just another unskilled, undereducated foot soldier that the rebellion relied on for the front lines. He died as quickly as he drew out his wand in front of them.If she couldn't protect her own husband from the wickedness of the world, how on Earth could she ever protect a child? With the enemies that they had made, it would tempt fate in a way she would never dare. Despite everything, she couldn't deny that a small part of her wanted a child. Perhaps it was the deep maternal craving within her, or simply the hormonal surge, but her mind danced at the thought of a little chubby toddler with raven messy hair and stormy eyes running around Balmoral. She could see it as clear as day, they would read books in the library, explore in the stream and she would teach them to conjure simple magic. But she was sure it was never something Tom would be remotely interested in. After all, if he was completely disgusted by the thought of a dog, he definitely wouldn't cope with a child. By Sunday morning, the nausea had gotten worse and she was confined to the bed."Master Riddle is home Miss" Poppin warned, "He is requesting you pay him a visit after he finishes his work."She turned to him shocked at the words, her heart beating faster by the second, "Home? But he's not meant to be back for another three weeks?""Poppin does not know Miss, only he said an arrangement was made quicker than usual...""Shit..." she hissed, burying her head in her hands and instinctively looking down at her stomach, which was yet to show."I can tell the Master you are sick, Miss? And then you will not have to see him...it's technically not a lie because you are sick."She sighed in defeat, getting up from the bed and wincing as a shooting pain ran up her back."No..." she shook her head, "He knows me too well, I always see him when he returns and if I don't - he'll be able to tell that something is wrong."Eleanor spent the next half an hour pacing in the bedroom, predicting the outcome of every scenario in her mind and testing out her different approaches. It was no use to lie, she knew that. He could sniff out her deceit like a hound to flesh and she wouldn't stand a chance. She had to tell him and she had to do it now.Practically running through the elaborate halls of the manor, she rounded the corner of the second floor East wing. As she approached the door to his study, she took a deep breath readying herself for the coming awkward conversation. Slowly, with a shaky hand, she raised it to the door to knock.It swung open before she could make a sound and revealed Tom Riddle, sitting behind his large mahogany desk by the fire buried in paperwork with a tired smirk plastered on his face."How did you know-" she began, not able to hide the smile forming at her lips at the sight of her husband.He sighed, standing up from his chair in exhaustion. With a wave of his hand, he conjured a bottle of whiskey and two glasses, "You're the only one these days that would have the bravery to interrupt me when I'm working."Eleanor stood in the door frame for a moment, taking in the sight of him. Her gaze ran over his sharp jaw, tired eyes and messy raven hair. A sight she had missed very much over the past two months. Without hesitation, she ran over to him and engulfed him in a warm embrace, burying her head into his soft chest. The smell of tobacco, cologne and moss lingered around her and she couldn't help but take it in like it was a drug. He chuckled into her hair as he wrapped his hands around her waist tightly."And here I was thinking you hadn't missed me," he drawled, running a hand through her hair and down her back. Instantly the aching pain ceased, like a shot of morphine was released into her system and she couldn't help but release a deep breath in relief at the feeling.He placed two hands on her shoulders and drew her back, trailing examining eyes over her face. His brow quirked in confusion."What? No smart comeback?" he asked, his voice softening a little as he looked at the bags underneath her eyes and sickly paleness of her skin, "What's wrong Elle?"
  Fuck. 
Tom had barely seen her for two minutes and he had already figured out something was wrong."Nothing!" she sighed, plastering a fake grin onto her pink lips, "Just...tired is all, I don't sleep well when you're away...you know that."Not being able to stand one more moment of his interrogation, she pulled him into a deep kiss. It was full of desire and passion and dripped with the want of two long months of cold beds and lonely hearts. He didn't seem convinced at her words but didn't push more nonetheless.Tom gestured for her to sit on the sofa as he brought over the glasses of whiskey and set them on the coffee table.He watched from the fireplace as she eyed it but made no move to take a drink. It was silly, she knew that. A woman only had to cease drinking alcohol if they were going to actually have the child...but a deep corner of her mind made her reconsider it - like she still had a chance. Her gaze was trained to her fingers which were dedicated to twisting her engagement ring around, and she bit her lip causing a crimson to rush to it.
  She was nervous.

  Why?
"Eleanor Margaret Riddle...I've never known you to be so tired you can't have a drink..."Eleanor dragged her gaze up to him. He was leaning on the mantle of the fireplace and eyeing her suspiciously while taking a sip of his own firewhiskey."I have to tell you something," she whispered, a faint trace of fear in her voice that put him on edge.His features darkened at the words and he went rigid, "What? What's happened?" he asked, low and dangerously.She opened her mouth to speak but no words came out, her eyebrows knitted together as she looked up at him through her lashes.Tom stalked over, kneeling on the ground beside her legs and taking his hands in hers. His hard-set jaw and concerned glare flickered over her tortured disposition."Elle- if they did something to you..." he began, his words dripping with venom. Tom had been so protective of her since the scare of the assassination attempt. He was militant with casting extra wards over the manor and had even gone as far as hiring guards that never left her side.Her eyes widened at what he was insinuating "Nothing like that happened!" she defended in a high pitched voice.He stared intently at her, gripping at her hands - waiting for an explanation."Promise me you won't be mad," she demanded in a pleading voice, her eyes welling with hot tears.He raised his brow and paused for a moment, contemplating the demand, "Yes, of course, I won't be mad...just spit it out, Eleanor."Her eyes met his and as they did a tear slid down her cheek, "I'm pregnant."Eleanor had never seen Tom in so much shock before in her entire life. It was an extremely odd sight, his normally collected and calm demeanour faltered almost immediately at her confession. His gaze drained of any harshness and replacing his normally piercing analytical stare was a wide look of gobsmacked disbelief. She watched as his jaw relaxed and fell open slightly, parting his lips.Eleanor had no idea how to interpret his reaction, so naturally, she clutched onto him, letting the tears stream down her face freely."Please, please don't be mad. I know you don't want children and I would never make you a father against your will...I only just found out...I've made preparations to terminate it-" she babbled, speeding through the words with desperation before being cut off by his voice."How?" he managed out in a hushed whisper.A wave of guilt washed over her a memory popped into her mind, "The night before you left...when we...you know in here..." she stuttered, her words slow and careful."I was so upset when you left the next day and then I got so scared when I heard about the bombings in Germany. Plus there was an attack on the Lestrange home...I was so worried that you were hurt or...or dead - that I forgot to cast the charm."He sighed as his gaze fell from her trembling lips to her stomach."I never said I didn't want children," he started in a slow, raspy voice.She scoffed at the words, "You hate children Tom...you barely held poor baby Victoria at her name day for more than a minute before you handed her back to me...You even said to me that you couldn't stand the thought of being the Defence Against The Dark Arts professor because you would have to deal with all the kids!"Tom's burning eyes rose back up to hers, "I don't care about other people's children Elle, they mean nothing to me...and quite frankly they irritate me beyond belief. But anything that comes from you...that's different. I never pushed it because of what you said all those years ago at the dinner table at Malfoy Manor - about not ever wanting to be a mother..."Eleanor's mouth opened in slight shock in complete disbelief that he remembered such a fleeting comment from so long ago."If you don't want the child, I won't stop you and I'll support whatever you want to do. But just know, if you were doing it for the sake of me, it would be wasted,"A fresh flood of tears came down from the wells in her eyes and he stood up from the ground extending his arms out to her. Slowly, Tom pulled her up and wrapped his arms tightly around her and ran his hand through her hair."I want to keep it" she whispered into his now damp white cotton shirt.She felt him sigh and the muscles in his back relaxed slightly as he did."Wonderful," he said quietly, planting a kiss on the top of her head.
  ***
"What about Elizabeth?" she asked, looking up to him as he sat against the headboard of their bed with a book in his hands. They had spent every night this week debating names and couldn't seem to agree on anything. She had known this would be the case, of course, that's why she left it until her third trimester to even breach the subject with him.Tom grimaced down to her, "Too muggle."She rolled her eyes at him, "Well I don't care if it's too muggle, it's a pretty name...plus it's the character from my favourite book."He gave up on the book in front of him and threw it onto the bedside table, "Why are you so sure it's a girl?"Eleanor ran a hand over the tight skin of her swelling belly and smiled softly, "I just know...I can feel her, I talk to her sometimes...Don't I Elizabeth? See, it sounds nice..."He raised an eyebrow at the ridiculousness of his wife and a hint of amusement twitched at his lips."Well, what if it's a boy then?"She sighed, in a loving daze enjoying the hormones that pumped through her body calming her, "I'm not sure...what about George?" she suggested, picking up his hand and placing it on her stomach. The baby always kicked when Tom was around, it was as if it loved the sound of his voice."Are you getting these names from a muggle telephone directory? Should I be concerned you've joined the resistance?" he jeered, feeling the faint pulsing and whirling beneath his fingertips.Eleanor let out a giggle, "Yes you've caught me, Tom, I'm running away with Felix DuPont and I'm taking our baby with me!" she proclaimed in a dramatic voice.All at once he sprang out of his side of the bed and lowered himself onto her, careful not to press too hard on her belly. He grazed his nose against hers and he ground slightly against her hips."Is that a threat?" a drawled in a silky tone that stood the hairs up on her neck and gave her goosebumps.She gasped as a hand wandered up the hem of her nightgown and pulled aside her underwear, teasing her slightly."I wouldn't worry...I don't think I'm his type..." she breathed, trying not to let the satisfaction of his touch show on her face."And what's that exactly?""The daughter of blood supremacists and the wife of a very dangerous man."He hummed in agreeance into her neck as he planted wet kisses along with it."You know I like you like this..." he growled, inching downwards and pulling down the neckline of her nightgown to expose her swollen breasts.She arched her back slightly at the feeling of his teeth grazing against her hard nipple."What?...Fat and bedridden?"He ran his hot tongue over her nipple and began massaging her clit devastatingly slowly."No...pregnant and happy," he replied, earning a moan from her lips as she felt a finger slide inside her."Is this your way of telling me you want more than one child?" she giggled, digging her head back into the pillow and knotting her fingers in his mess of hair."Maybe..." he admitted, voice thick with lust as he travelled downwards and slid off her underwear, "But only if I get a say in the name."
  
    ***
  
The bedroom once again filled with a symphony of Eleanor's guttural screams as the midwives rushed around the room preparing for the birth. The agonising pain of the contraction threatened to split her back into two as she gripped the sheets and clenched her teeth. The baby had come early, a week to be exact and her water broke just as she came back from the gardens from her morning walk. Luckily, the elves appeared straight away and apparated for the birthing healers immediately."Where's Tom? Someone get my husband!" she demanded, falling back onto the bed as her body prepared for another push.A short midwife with kind eyes wiped the layer of sweat from her brow and smiled down at her comfortingly."He's on his way Lady Eleanor, just keep pushing and he'll be here soon" she cooed, taking my hand in hers.She nodded up to the woman with a grateful glint in her eye, feeling another contraction rise deep within her.After what seemed like hours of the same cycle of pain and pushing, she heard someone burst through the door and come to her side. Her vision was slightly blurry and she felt lightheaded from all the pain relief they had given her, but she could tell it was Tom. His cold hand took her sweaty, warm one and he ran a manic gaze over her."What's wrong with her? Why is she out of it?" he shouted angrily, sending tension into the thick air.Before she could open her mouth, the midwife came over to her side, "This is perfectly normal My Lord, she's just exhausted from the contractions, we've given her something for the pain which should help..."He nodded but the worry still lingered on his face as he took in her dazed eyes and her chalky white, glistening face."I'm fine Tom" she assured him in a slow, dragged out voice, "It's just a lot...I just want it to be done, I want to see her,"He stayed with her as she began pushing again, this time dilating further into birth. When the moment finally came, a flurry of screaming filled the air followed by the distinct high pitched cries of a newborn."It's a boy! A healthy baby boy!" the midwife grinned, handing him to Tom. Tom looked down at the wet, bloody, crying thing. His heart beat irregularly as he took the first sight of his son in. Slowly, he knelt down to Eleanor and placed him on her chest and she burst into tears as the little boy looked up to her."He has your eyes, I love him with all my heart already..." she wailed, stroking the baby gently with her finger.Relief washed over him as he took in the sight of his family before him, "Yes, and he has your wild hair, poor thing" he chuckled, planting a kiss on her forehead."Theodore Marvolo Riddle, you have made me the happiest mo-" she was interrupted mid-sentence as her body went slightly rigid and before Tom knew what was happening, she let out a blood-curdling scream.His eyes widened in fright as he screamed for help, commanding all the midwives back into the room. She gestured for him to take the baby as she convulsed and lurched gripping at her stomach and neck."What the fuck is going on?" he yelled, clutching onto his crying son and feeling unprecedented fury wash through him. "Fix it!".  It was as bad as the cruciatus curse, perhaps worse. The midwife tore off the sheets that were covering Eleanor to reveal a pool of blood, flooding the bed from her birth.Tom's vision went red as he watched the gushing liquid flow and wet the dripping sheets."Do something! Fix it!" he commanded, his mind reeling for a spell to conjure, but he had never seen anything like this before."She's been poisoned, my lord! Her blood, it's been conjured to toxify!" a nurse shouted, running rapid diagnostics with her wand.Suddenly, her convulsing stilled and her eyes went dull as the blood dripped onto the floor from the soaked sheets.Tom had never gone mad with rage before, but in that moment something snapped within him. He handed Theodore, who had stopped crying in all the calamity over to a nurse and rushed by her side. His fingers flew to her neck, feeling for a pulse...for any sign of life.There was none.He began obsessively resuscitating her, plunging his hands down onto her chest as he watched her grey, blank face."My...my lord" a small whimpering voice sounded from behind him. He turned around to the sobbing midwife, who was shaking and looking terrifyingly at Theodore.The girl whimpered as she laid the unmoving, closed-eyed infant on top of his mother.
  And just like that, Tom Riddle crumbled into a thousand pieces.
  
  

  Part iii | The Death
 The two gravestones stood tall against the winding bushes of the vineyard. They read,
  "Eleanor Margaret Riddle,

  Born 20th of July, 1927 - Died 1st of May, 1946.

  My soul."
  
    
  

  "Theodore Marvolo Riddle,

  Born 1st of May, 1946 - Died 1st of May, 1946.

  My heart."
It was the only time Tom Riddle had ever wanted to die. As a tear slid down his ice-cold cheek and fell onto the grass below, he wished the earth would swallow him whole.Some say that on that day, Tom died with Eleanor and their son - at least the human side of him did. He left the Tuscan field and never came back. Burying whatever humanity he had left with them and returning as the one they call Voldemort.He was merciless after that, all dwindling sympathy for the muggle integration cause completely gone.  There were no negotiations, or talks of peace treaties. It was simply war. A war fuelled by the most violent hatred a man could possibly feel. The history books would say his motivations for power lay in his own self-hatred for being a half-blood. But as stated at the beginning of this story, truths are subjective and often written by the victors. Perhaps it wouldn't have made a difference to the outcome of the conflicts that lay ahead, but Tom Riddle didn't fight because he hated himself and he couldn't feel love...
  He fought because he did feel love and it was taken away from him in the cruellest of ways.
Some may say that it was simply the balancing forces of karma of the universe, as he was far from what is considered a 'good person'. But as this book also stated in the beginning, being 'morally good' is dependent on your experience in the world. Sometimes people do bad things because those same things have been rooted in them, slowly decaying at their heart and ripping apart their soul.And rip apart his soul he did, seven times in fact. The pain in his heart subsided with every sever as he became less and less Tom Riddle and more the Voldemort we came to know. But there was still evidence of his love even in the darkness of the act - as every item he buried himself in, inevitably reminded him of Eleanor.The Gaunt ring she helped seal.The diary she gifted him for Christmas.The locket that was her father's.The diadem that he went to go and find to escape the reality of his feelings for her.The cup he gave her as a wedding anniversary gift.The snake he bought in lieu of her company.
  It was all for her.
And in this way, his soul was laced into the only evidence of her existence and was the only proof that he once was capable of love.
  ***
Perhaps that's what drove him all those years after when he found himself in the dark streets of Godric's Hollow. When he saw the Potter family in their perfect little home, James gloating with joy as his healthy wife held their son...it conjured a venomous rage within him.But something snapped in him when he saw how Lily threw herself in front of the baby. Maybe it reminded him of Eleanor and how she was so ready to die for anyone she loved. But seeing the dark-haired baby in the crib with the wide, bright blue eyes is what awoke an anger in him that he had never known. Harry looked like the memory of his own son and he couldn't bear the sight. So he threw the killing curse at the living memory and left, defeated and broken.And when he survived, he did everything in his power to finally kill him - because the sight of the boy that resembled his own, threatened a violent feeling he had buried long ago in the fields of Tuscany. There is no truer line between love and hate - perhaps that's why the boy was a Horcrux. Because in the moment he looked at the boy all those years ago, a slither of his soul that rested within him was uprooted at the sight - and entrenched into the life before him.
  ***
Harry leant on the remains of the stone gate that lead to the bridge of the castle. The great hall was full of the dead and the ones that lived had seen so much that they were no better than the corpses that lined the floors. Something flickered in his periphery and he rubbed his eyes, sure that it was some form of traumatic response illusion, but it didn't go away.He turned to look at the silver, transparencies before him, walking away across the bridge and into the grounds. As he squinted, he took in the sight of two ghostly figures that were younger, maybe a few years older than him and dressed in aged finery that seemed unfamiliar. One was an elegant woman, with long curled hair and the other, a tall man standing proudly. However, he could not tell much more from the sight of them from behind. There was a small gap between them as they walked and he noticed they were holding onto something. Harry couldn't help but walk towards them slowly, curious. As came closer, he saw a small infant walking slowly between them, being guided by the two figures outstretched hands'.And he swore for a moment he heard the sound of joyful laughter as the taller figure swung the infant into the air and rested him on top of his broad shoulders. The woman wrapped herself in his arm and they disappeared into the distance.Something about the sight made him smile and momentarily, after all the destruction, hatred, death and war - a small fire warmed his heart.
  Because the saddest stories are always the best and this was Eleanor and Tom's.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Once again, thank you so much for taking the time to read Beguiling Damnation. It was the first fanfiction I've ever written and I can't wait to edit it fully and publish it as 'completed'.
A few of my lovely readers were left a bit saddened by the gloomy ending and I wanted to provide some justification for my choices of ending just in case you were too. I started this fic because I find Tom Riddle to be the most interesting character of the whole Harry Potter universe. I wanted to write something that provided context to his character and could fit into the canon interpretation of future events in the original books. I always hated JK Rowling's backstory for Tom, it seemed a bit one dimensional and watered down to me. Tom's ability for such evil and destruction never seemed believable on the grounds of 'being born from a love potion thus easily becoming a love absent monster'. I wanted it to be more realistic because the truth is in real life villains aren't born they're made. He needed context for hating muggles that went beyond self-hatred and a half-baked love potion justification. I believe that someone isn't capable of that amount of hatred and evil without having their heart broken, because all war starts from the loss of love in some respect. And so...Beguiling Damnation was born.If you liked the story, please don't forget to vote and comment, as I love to read what people think! If you would like a physical copy please read to the end. 
  - In the meantime, I would love it if you could check out my next fic 'Aconitum', which will be posted in the next couple of weeks. 
It is a Tom Riddle x OC and is inspired by the mythology of Hades and Persephone, set in 1950 - during Tom Riddles uprising as the Dark Lord. A brief blurb and introduction are included below. 
  
Aconitum : (noun) A genus of over 250 species of flowering plants, known as 'the queen of poisons'. ***"His piercing gaze took one look at her angelic face, heavenly mind and innocent soul and dragged her straight to the depths of hell. But, he didn't expect her to sew wildflowers in the depths of his heart and entangle his bones with the softest ivy while they went."***Tom Riddle, now known to all as 'The Dark Lord' is hellbent on his pursuit to master death and conquer power. His ascension to sovereignty is dark and paved with the bodies of his enemies. But as they become increasingly difficult to kill, he finds himself in need of a potioneer that specialises in rare poisons. Unfortunately for Anastasia Rosier, she happens to be the best in Britain. 
  How does a rose, so tender and lovely - tame a beast so full of thorns and wrath?

  
    ***
  

  - Physical Copies

  In addition to that, I've received quite a few messages about printing BG and how to go about it...
I am currently in the midst of going through the fic and doing a huge edit. There are lots of spelling, grammar and general writing mistakes, especially in the initial chapters - I cringe when I read them, so please allow me the time for the rewrite.After the edit is done, you are welcome to print and publish BG for yourself, I believe that is the beauty of fanfiction - that it is accessible for everyone and available for everyone to read whenever they like. I'm honoured if anyone even wants a copy for themselves, it's such a tremendous compliment. However! I am so happy to announce I am going to be offering my own copies! They will be available (limited amounts) as soon as the edit is done and it's ready for printing. Please DM me on Wattpad (BeauMaisMortel) or Tik Tok (@venusandvirtue) your email address if you are interested and I will add you to the mailing list and email you when they become available. Here is a preview of the cover that I designed myself! I'm pretty proud of how it turned out!
  
 Thanks!x L 
  