
    Chapter Text
    
    My fourth installation begins with a new, problematic ability. Visions. Those started popping up, and there was no knowing why I received them. And what good samaritan could I really tell without revealing something that I wasn’t supposed to know about? Without revealing the skeletons in my closet?  

⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

  “Go get my daughter, Wormtail. She and I have much to discuss.”

 The room was dark, but for a fire lit in the grate. An old armchair was kept close to the fire, facing away from the door. A short, balding man — Wormtail — stood staring at whatever resided in the chair unseen from the viewpoint of the doorframe. On the floor behind it was the body of an old man, his walking stick near him. He looked as though he'd been scared to death, his eyes glassed over and his mouth open as if still letting out one last scream.

  “At this time, m-my Lord?” the man asked, jittery.

 “Are you questioning my judgment?” the voice asked, cold and high-pitched as only Lord Voldemort’s could be after all the Dark Magic he used in his life to make sure he lived   forever  .

   “N-no, my Lord. I only wish to be certain before I wake her up at such an ungodly hour… she m-might not take too kindly to me for that.”


   As Voldemort replied, it was only too obvious that he was grinning. “After the initial anger, she’ll understand once you explain that I sent you… besides, Wormtail, you have nothing to worry about. She is underage and, as such, cannot use magic outside of school.”


   Wormtail’s face visibly relaxed at the news. “A-As you wish, my Lord.”


   A pause. “Well? Leave already! I told you where to go!”


   He scurried away from the room as fast as he could.

⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
I sat upright in my bed, wiping my face up and down with both hands to quickly wake up my blurred eyesight. Was that a dream… or did I see what was actually happening? I glared at the clock and released a yawn at watching it change from twelve fifty nine to one o’clock in the morning. My black cat, Bodoujn, meowed sleepily from his spot next to me as I swung my legs over the side of the bed.
So I’m really going to start getting visions like Professor Trelawney predicted… but are they really   visions   if what I’m seeing is happening at that same exact moment? What sense does that make?
I heard a loud pop echo from outside, and groaned irritably. I slowly stood, slipping my feet into my slippers, and stuffed pillows under my blanket to make it look like I was still asleep. With a baby in the house, he was bound to wake them up at some point and who knew when I’d be back?
I left my room to quickly check everyone else’s. Thankfully, no one had stirred. Tip-toeing down the staircase, I wandered through the living room and peaked into the dining room where I saw the very man sent to come get me sneaking through the kitchen from the hallway leading from the front door. Ugh, paltry Peter Pettigrew.
On top of his hair balding, I noticed even in the darkness that it was also graying. He had a pointed nose and small, watery eyes. Like the rat he was.
He gave a whimper when he saw me, “Y-You're the D-Dark Lord's daughter?” he asked, distraught.
Right. He didn’t know who I was when he last saw me. I sighed, “Yeah, and you're the idiot who thought it’d be smart to give me a concussion in your efforts to scurry away from your doom.” I walked up to him and forced him with me out of the house, mostly pushing him. Once outside, I closed the door behind us and whispered, “Are you crazy? Next time, Disapparate at least a block away and then sneak in the front door. What if one of my family members had been awake instead of me, hearing you pop in?”
He whimpered, cowering under my gaze, “So sorry, milady, I –”
“Whatever, you pathetic worm,” I said with a roll of my eyes, the action waking me up just a little more. I’m getting good at being evil. Wait.. I shouldn’t be proud of that. “What do you want?”
“The D-Dark Lord ordered m-me to come g-get you....”
“Well, why didn't you say so? Come on, let's go, there's not a lot of time to waste,” I snapped.
He nodded quickly, and nervously held his arm to me. I smirked and took it, bracing myself for the discomfort of traveling. Peter Disapparated us outside a large house with a very creepy aura, that of which didn’t help with my queasiness. Somehow, despite looking very old and run down, it stood forebodingly at the top of a hill overlooking a small town. Of course, what else would be the homely abode of Lord Voldemort?
“This is the R-Riddle House...” Peter said, walking toward the entrance and glancing back at me every so often. “It was the home of the Mudblood family on your father's side.”
I fought to abate my stomach as I looked the building over. Only one window flickered with light. The rest of the windows were so dark I almost thought I saw a face looking out through one of them, but when I turned my head it was only the moon reflecting off of it. Suddenly the stomachache turned to rocks weighing me down.
“How is my dad? Does he have a body yet?” I asked as he opened the front door with a creak and led me through the house.
“I-In a way... he still wants you for the creation of the potion to give him a stronger body,” Peter said. “He's not very good looking, if that's what you hope for –”
I laughed darkly, causing the man to flinch. “All the better to scare his foes!”
We finally walked into the room I saw in my vision, the fireplace casting warmth even to the doorway I confidently strode to and leaned against. I wished I could’ve had the option to hesitate, but with the pitiful man watching my every move it would be sure to cause him to see through my facade… or is it even a facade anymore?
“My Lord...” Peter stood next to the chair again with a low bow, emphasis on ‘my’ for whatever odd reason. “Your daughter is here.”
“Thank you, Wormtail,” he said. When I was eleven, the hairs on the back of my neck had stood up upon first hearing his voice. Now that I was used to it to some degree, I merely gave an effort to show I was more than happy to hear it. I could just see all the hairs on Peter's body stand up, even though he'd been with him for a couple months already.
“Dad,” I released my voice breathily, surprisingly feeling some actual joy at knowing he could finally have a body to talk to me one on one. When we first met, I had to settle for talking to him while he was surviving off of the back of Professor Quirrell’s head. After he died, it was then through the snake, Nagini’s, mouth that he spoke to me.
“My daughter… how good of you to come,” he said.
“I will always be there for you when you need me,” I said. “Is there anything in particular you would like to talk to me about? Perhaps the point of the disappearance of Bertha Jorkins?”
Bertha was reported missing by someone who was a friend of my Uncle Gerald... I had suspected the one behind it could be dad. Though it was odd to me that no one reported it to the Ministry so they could go search for her. In these peaceful times in the wizarding world, a witch or wizard’s disappearance didn’t happen often… or if it did, they turned up sooner or later with a wild story to tell of some adventure.
He laughed, “Does anyone suspect me or Wormtail?”
“Not at all. Neither of you come to anyone's mind... just mine,” I said.
“See Wormtail? No suspicion... he's been worried.”
“Well, worry is what you get when you ask for a coward to help you back to power,” I spat.
“I returned to him on my own –” Peter started saying, rather courageously. I cut him down easily.
“No, no, no; you may swear that you returned to him on your own, but you didn't. Hadn't you ever wondered why you suddenly appeared to him as you ran away from us? It was me who transported you – you wouldn't have been able to find him, nor would you have looked for him, had it not been for me.” I glared menacingly at him. He whimpered and backed up close to the fire. “You cast a spell that pushed me away from you... I must say that was a good spell. It gave me an irritating concussion. Before I lost consciousness, however, I made sure I got my father what he wanted. You.”
“N-No, that's not –”
I smirked victoriously, “Oh, yes. That's exactly how it went, Wormtail. Don't even try to deny it. Indeed you have been faithful so far, taking care of my dad, but were it not for me I believe you would have gone straight into hiding.”
Wormtail stayed silent, looking as if he was contemplating his next words.
“Lie and I will not hesitate to curse you,” I said. “I can read your mind. I knew in the Shrieking Shack that you did think about going back to my father on the one thought that you had his wand. You would never use it knowing it belonged to him.” His eyes widened. “I trust he gave your wand back to you, dad?”
“Yes,” he said, sounding thoroughly amused. “Wormtail, fetch some more food from the village. I believe we are nearly out.”
“Y-Yes, my Lord. Right away, my Lord,” Wormtail said, scuttling out of the room as quickly as possible.
“Coward,” I said in Parseltongue.
“Yes... but he is my best hope of health.... Come, Melody... I want you to look at me with your own eyes,” Dad replied.
I found myself bracing myself once again. I already knew he wouldn’t look normal, so I could only hope that I’d be able to withstand the sight of him. Making my way over to the front of the chair where he sat, I pitied him instantly but didn’t dare show it. I lowered myself to my knees in front of the chair to be eye-to-eye with him.
He was in the shape of a crouched human child. His eyes remained red, and he was hairless but scaly-looking. His skin was a dark, raw, reddish black. His arms and legs were very feeble, but he kept his wand at his side, and his face was as I had seen him last… flat and snakelike.
His smile showed he was pleased. “You are braver than Wormtail.”
I chuckled, “He is that afraid of how you look?”
“He may not admit it, but he regrets staying with me. He flinches when he looks at me... shudders when he touches me....” he hissed.
I touched my hand to one of his, touching it delicately. His skin really did feel scaly. “If it's any consolation...” I said softly, wondering if I should really say what I was thinking of saying. What the heck, I might as well. “But, I think you look adorable.”
He laughed, cold and sharp. “I wondered what you were going to say.”
I never knew for sure if he tried to look into my mind, but the only reason I knew he couldn't even if he tried was because I kept it blocked whenever I was around him. It helped keep my emotions in check. The real pivot behind my thoughts was how much I hated myself for helping him. Bringing him back to power just made me clench my teeth, but I couldn't let him see that. Being behind the scenes – knowing his plans let me know what I could try doing to keep things from getting out of hand. Sometimes there was nothing I could do, so I regrettably followed through with many of his plans.
“At least I speak my mind so you don't have to wonder for long,” I said, giving him a smile. “Now, this business with Bertha Jorkins....”
“Wormtail brought her to me. She held some very valuable information that was easy to torture out of her. She had a memory charm cast upon her so she wouldn't remember this, but... one of my followers is still alive, though I'd heard him to be dead. Barty Crouch Jr., son of Barty Crouch –” I'd heard of the latter, “– was my most faithful servant. His father had switched him and his dying mother in Azkaban. He keeps him at his house under the Imperius Curse.”
“What's the plan?” I asked.
“Wormtail and I will act after the Quidditch World Cup – are you going?”
I nodded, “With the Malfoys.”
He nodded too, “I heard from that woman that Alastor Moody – renowned auror – will be your new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts this year. I have some Polyjuice Potion at my disposal. Barty will take Moody’s place. I need an inside man who will keep his eye on Harry Potter for something special.”
I chuckled, “You’re purposely keeping me suspense. Aren’t you going to tell me what will happen?”
He smiled, “If it's a secret to all students, I’ll let it be a surprise for you as well... and Barty will teach you how to Apparate.”
“I could get Professor Snape to,” I said.
He looked at me thoroughly, “Do you not trust my judgment?” He sounded threatening.
I snorted, that's debatable, “In no way am I questioning your judgment in him, but Professor Snape is my private tutor. Private lessons with 'Moody' could make him jealous.”
He shook his head, “It would be better for Barty to teach you. He would give you free reign, and get you started on the Dark Arts. I need you to learn if you are to help me.”
I nodded, feeling more rocks pile up in my stomach at the thought of learning Dark Magic. “Okay then.”
“The plan will work... it will work....”
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
Peter returned a while later and returned me home, it was about five and – of course – no one was up yet. No one liked waking up early and, since Blake came into the family, it was nearly impossible to get any sleep.
As if on cue, I heard Blake's crying and the groans of every single person in the house.
“I'll get him!” I shouted out, running up the stairs to Blake's room where he lay in his crib bawling his eyes out. I gently picked him up and bounced him lightly.
His tears slowly reduced to whimpers.
“Who's a cutie?” I said softly in a baby-like voice. “Who's a cutie?”
Blake giggled, his small face lighted up in a smile.
“That's right! You are!” I cooed. “It’s okay now. Big sister is here.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “Why must you coddle him so?” Gerald asked irritably, coming into the room with ruffled hair and bleary eyes.“Don’t be so grouchy about it...” I said, cuddling Blake closer. “I mean, he is my little brother, of course he needs the attention. Yes he does, yes he does.”“I never did that with Orele. She turned out just fine,” he said with a wave of his hand.“Oh, so that's why you two never got along! You never showed her any brotherly attention! Let me guess – you mostly ignored her while growing up?” I saidGerald rolled his eyes, and walked away.I looked at Blake, who’d started blowing spit bubbles with his mouth in boredom. “I know I'm right,” I told him softly.“I heard that!” I heard Gerald shout as he went down the stairs.About a minute later, Grandma meandered into the room and smiled. Her blue eyes seemed to brighten as they rested on the baby. “Here, I'll take Blake.” I handed him to her, and he started making “ooh” noises while grinning from ear to ear. He liked grandma best. “Ah,” she sighed as she looked me up and down. “Dear, your slippers are filthy.”She's just about the only one who can notice things like that, I thought in a panic. Did I forget to notice if the ground outside Riddle House was muddy? What about outside the house?“I — um — yeah, I was awake so I thought I’d go outside for some fresh air,” I said. “I didn't think about putting sneakers on, I’m sorry….” I really wanted to change the subject. I looked at Blake, seeing my new topic, “You know, he only talks with you. It’s like you're a therapist and he's spilling his deepest darkest secrets to you!”Grandma laughed, slippers momentarily forgotten. “Gerald's noticed that, too. But he has no right to complain about it. You know he never watches Blake unless he’s the only choice.”A knowing smile came on my face, “Well, that's Gerald for you.”She gave a small chuckle, ushering me out the door, “Go get changed now, dear. Your grandfather’s already making his breakfast before you two go to work. And give me your slippers so Blake and I can go wash them.”With one hand on my shoulder, she glanced down the hallway at mom’s open room. Her form was resting deeply on top of the blankets with her curly brown hair spreading around at odd, tangled angles. A light snore echoed down the hallway, and I suddenly felt guilty for disappearing so easily to see dad. I knew she’d even worked herself that hard for me as a baby, whereas dad… well, albeit, dad never had the chance to. However, I personally doubted he would have put as much effort into my younger years as she had.“I think we’ll let Orele sleep in…” grandma told me with a small wink, letting go of my shoulder to wipe some spit off of Blake’s chin. “She could use a short reprieve.”I nodded in agreement and left for my room. On my bed was my cat, Bodoujn, sleeping soundly. He awoke and sat up when I came in. I pet his soft black, furry head and went to my wardrobe for something to wear.When I finished, I looked at my bedside table. There sat my list of supplies I needed to get for school. FOURTH YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:Dress Robes (only for special occasions that will occur through the year)The Standard Book of Spells; Grade 4 by Miranda GoshawkThe Standard Book of Spells; Grade 5 by Miranda GoshawkThe Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-ProtectionDefensive Magical Theory by Wilbert SlinkhardRune DictionaryMagical Hieroglyphs and LogogramsSpellman's SyllabaryAdvanced Rune Translation I already had all my books. But mom had promised that, before I left for the Quidditch World Cup in a few days, we would go to Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions and get me fitted in dressrobes. If she wakes up in time, she might take me today – take me away from the wand shop…. What in the world do we need dressrobes for, though? What would call for something so fancy at school…?Along with this had been a personal letter from Professor Snape. He was short and precise as always. All it said was that I only need the Rune Dictionary for this year in my Ancient Runes class, but he was allowing me the more advanced books – and the fifth year books; The Standard Book of Spells; Grade 5 by Miranda Goshawk and Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard.I went downstairs where grandpa ate his breakfast cheerfully – bacon and eggs. I didn't want anything big.. my stomach still felt slightly queasy after Disapparating, so I took some bread and put it in the toaster.The toaster clicked, and I had just taken it out when grandpa said, “Let's go!” He then proceeded to grab my arm and drag me into the living room to practically toss me into the chimney.Good thing I didn’t decide on a bigger breakfast, I thought, taking a bite of my toast as I took a handful of floo powder. “Okay, okay,” I said as I chewed. “You know, you sometimes act like people will be sitting in the shop waiting for us.”He gave me a stern look, “Swallow your food, Melody, before you send yourself to the wrong chimney….With a few more bites, I swallowed my toast. “Gotcha.”“Anyways, I can’t allow every shop to open before I do. All students look forward to getting their very own wands more than any other school supply. Of course I can’t allow anyone to wait for me.”“You do have a point,” I said with a smile. I threw the floo powder down, clearly stating, “Ollivander’s Wand Shop!”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Grandpa and I only stood around in the shop for most of the slow day. There were surprisingly very few people that came in. We knew parents usually waited until close to the last minute to buy what was needed for school, so this year they were all possibly waiting until the very, very last minute. I rolled my eyes at the thought. Does no one prepare properly?“Looks like you didn't need to come today,” grandpa remarked. “No crowd.”“I guess it doesn’t really matter, anyway, I love being here with you…. Urm, while I'm gone to the Quidditch World Cup, do you think Gerald would help you out here?” I voiced hopefully. “At least for a couple of days? Surely he won't mind, it will obviously get really busy here soon enough and I’d hate to leave you here with no help.”Despite my hope, grandpa shared the same opinion as me.His snort had stated his thoughts clearly. “Sure. And while he's working his hardest, Orele will suddenly find the perfect man and ride away into the sunset with him.”I burst into almost non-stop laughter. Haha, priceless!That’s when I felt a tap on my shoulder, and I turned around to see that mom was behind me. “Ready to go?” she asked, surprisingly perky…. She hadn’t heard what grandpa just said.I really couldn't help my laughter by that point. It only got worse when she looked at me like I needed to be admitted to a mental institution.She gave grandpa a curious glance, but he just snickered and shrugged his shoulders as if to say that he didn’t know why I was laughing so hard.“Definitely time for your lunch break, Melody,” she said, placing an arm around my shoulders. “It looks like dad is driving you insane with all this work.”Grandpa scoffed, “Then perhaps you will volunteer to help me in the shop while Melody goes for her short vacation.”“I can’t,” mom said over her shoulder as she guided me out the door. “It’s a little something called maternity leave…. I’m sure Gerald would be thrilled to help, though.”“If you really have to turn me down, you could at least refrain from lying to me.”“Love you, dad!”
  
    Chapter Text
    Mom and I made our way into the robe shop, which I hadn't been in for about three years because my height was only slowly rising. I was going to need to be fitted for dressrobes and new school robes since I finally grew a bit bigger.Please don’t let me be short like mom, I thought as I studied our height difference. Despite my worries, I was already a head taller than her. However, that didn’t matter so much as that I was still proving to be shorter than my friends. Marcus, Vincent and Greg were already the tallest; but even Becky and Draco had gone through rising growth spurts.Madam Malkin, a squat witch dressed in maroon robes walked over to us. “Hello, hello — Hogwarts?”“Yes, I need new school robes and some dressrobes for –” I began to explain... but since I didn't even know what the dressrobes were for, I couldn’t properly clarify the reason.Madam Malkin gave a knowing look — of course I wouldn’t be the only student asking for dressrobes. “Right ... allow me to bring you back here so you can be fitted. Do you know what color fabric you'd like for your dressrobes?”“Erm...” I thought in dismay. What color do I want? Curse it, why didn’t I think of this? “Mom?”“You have always looked good in baby blue,” she remarked with a small smile.“Okay then,” I said quickly, turning back to Madam Malkin. “Baby blue, please.”She smiled, gushing as she bustled toward the back of her shop. “I can see it now... you would look good with baby blue. Hold on for just a few minutes.”Twenty seconds later, it occurred to me that I don’t have any clothes in the color Madam Malkin was retrieving. I turned to mom, “I never knew I looked good in baby blue. When was the last time I even wore any blue unless they were jeans?”“I haven't seen you in baby blue for a while…” she replied thoughtfully. “I bought so many clothes for you when you were a small toddler. You were such a beautiful baby girl. Everyone had to comment about how good you looked in baby blue, and they were right. I’m sure you will still look good in it.” According to the tears that had built up in her eye, mom was getting emotional again. I'm fourteen, I'm not leaving you anytime soon... well, I mean I'm not moving out of the house soon, I'll still visit for summer...A stout woman with really curly black hair came in with a nervous-looking young girl. The girl looked nothing like her – she had wavy brown hair and a small nose. The woman had an extremely large nose by comparison. She wore a rose dress with a dark blue background while the girl looked as though she were in rags, the pants had large holes in both knees and the dirty white shirt looked two sizes too small. Both of them just looked out of place in the wizard world.I pointed them out to mom as Madam Malkin shouted out to them, “I will be with you in a minute!”She came back to me in a rush with a roll of baby blue fabric. I could already see her pace had quickened before her hands started shaking as she unraveled the roll.“Are you working alone today?” I asked.“Oh, yes. When I saw that it wasn't as big of a crowd today, I let my helpers have the day off...” she said, fiddling with some needles.“Don't hurry yourself,” I said quickly as she dropped a few needles. “Please, slow down. You can do that young girl first. I can stand to wait until I'm fitted, it's no problem.”“Oh, I wouldn't dare! You got here first!” she said, looking at me in shock.“And she's new, probably just about to start Hogwarts... oh, please, Madam Malkin, allow her to go first. Don't rush to get her fitted either, take as much time as you need. My mom and I can decide while we wait about what style I can have.”She looked between me and the young girl standing just looking around her in awe. “Oooh,” Madam Malkin finally said, briefly placing her hand on my arm. “Bless you, you’re so kind.” She placed the fabric on a nearby table and walked toward her new customers.“That was really nice of you, Melody,” mom said, wrapping her arms around me, hugging me tightly. “You make me so proud.”“Just look at what she's wearing compared to that woman, maybe here she can actually get some proper clothes…” I whispered in disgust. “They've both obviously never been in the wizarding world before. I certainly doubt that they're related to each other even slightly.”“What are you thinking?” she asked me.I held my mouth open, unsure what to say, and finally, “I have no idea.”Madam Malkin led the young girl over to a stool while the woman paced around impatiently.I snorted, “See? This woman would probably be throwing a tantrum at how slow this place is running if I hadn't let her go first.”Mom laughed.I broke out of her arms to go take a look at laces. There were a few different patterns, but I especially liked the ones with snakes on them. It was in a pile with patterns of lions, ravens and badgers — so it was definitely a Hogwarts Houses pile.“You are not getting that lace,” mom deadpanned, taking the lace out of my hands and putting it right back on the pile.I laughed, “Well, why not? It certainly speaks to me.” Almost literally.“Everyone already knows you're in Slytherin, honey. You don't need lace to confirm it.”“Hm, fine… well, how about this?” I asked, pulling out a lace with a flowery pattern.“That could be good if you put on your upper back and shoulders,” she said, turning me around so she could see how the lace looked in the back.“Hello!”We turned around to see the woman, her sharp black eyes looking over me as though I were a terrible disgrace. Her voice sounded polite, but I could just see behind her large, sweet smile the cogs of plain old meanness.“Oh, hello,” my mom said, instantly becoming friendly. Come on, mom, the one time you obviously need to be a mean asshole to someone and you won’t do it.“I'm sorry to bother you, but are you familiar with this wizarding world here?” she asked, gesturing around her.“Yes, I am a wizard myself,” mom said, holding out her hand. “My name is Orele Ollivander. And this is my daughter, Melody Riddle.”“That's funny,” she said, ignoring my mom's hand, “she doesn't have your last name. Why is that? I thought sure you two were related considering – well, I guess maybe not. Is she an orphan as well? If so –”“I'm not an orphan,” I said, taken aback. “I am her daughter!”“Ohh, silly me, so sorry!” she said, not really sounding sorry at all. When she said sorry, she didn't even look at me, but at my mom. “Why does your daughter have an American accent, might I ask?”I couldn't repress my snort. Mom gave me a sharp look that said to be nice.“I raised her in America myself –”“Without her father?”“... Er, he died when she was born –”“Oh, what a shame!”It continued like that, my mom would start to say something and the woman would just interrupt her. After the subject of my stepdad and half-brother in America came up, I couldn't keep myself quiet anymore.“I thought you were going to ask us about the wizarding world, and not our personal affairs?” I asked through gritted teeth.“Melody!” mom said in surprise, smacking the back of my head.“Ow! Hey!” I said, holding back a glare as I rubbed my skull. Getting angry with her wouldn’t have helped me.“Apologize! She was just asking questions.”Oh God, I thought in dismay. Mom hasn’t made me apologize to someone in years. Through gritted teeth, I said, “I’m sorry for being rude.”“Hmph,” the lady breathed. “I’m glad someone in this world knows how to parent. I almost feared they’d all let the children overrun them. I heard this one boy —”I opened my mouth to ask what could have possibly made her think magical people were any less of a parent than Muggles, but mom slapped her hand over it. With an apologetic smile to the woman, who’d stopped talking at the slapping noise, mom pointed in the direction of Madam Malkin and the girl.“How about you go talk to that young girl over there?”I rolled my eyes but did as she said, tossing the lace I'd been holding onto the baby blue fabric. I heard them continue talking.“I'm sorry about Melody, she gets very touchy about certain subjects... she's about to start her fourth year at Hogwarts, and we just came here....” my mom's voice tapered off as I walked away to a point where I couldn't hear their conversation anymore.I sidled up next to the girl, who was still getting fitted. Now she definitely wasn't related to that woman. This girl's eyes were hazel.... It suddenly occurred to me that the woman asked if I was an orphan too. Oh... well, it makes sense I guess, the woman probably worked at the orphanage and was the one entrusted to take this girl to Diagon Alley.“Hello,” I said to her.The girl looked down at her feet and softly said, “Hi...”“You're starting at Hogwarts this year?”She nodded.I gave her an encouraging smile. “I'm about to start my fourth year there. I might be able to let you know how amazing it is.” The girl looked up at me with some slight hope in her eyes. “You'd love it,” I continued, “everyone who goes says it's like a home to them – including me.”“But would an orphan enjoy it?” she asked.I thought back to my conversations with dad. He had said Hogwarts was the best place in the world to him.. that it was the only place he ever wanted to be. Being forced to go back to the orphanage during the holidays was always depressing.I gave a look as though pondering it, “Well, probably. Do you live in an orphanage?”She nodded and looked over at the woman, “She's our sort of overseer... and she's the worst. Thinks all children should come into an orphanage, and be trained to act proper. To be disciplined.”I looked over at the woman. “Oh, was that the look behind her eyes?” I asked, turning back to the girl, “I thought she was just stuck looking like that... well, she did look as though she wanted to hit me upside the head.” I automatically rubbed the back of my head, “Certainly liked watching my mom do it to me.”“That's Miss Roachers for you,” the girl said.I snorted, “Miss Roachers, eh? My mom introduced herself to her, and she didn't do it back.”The girl bent over to whisper to me, “She teaches us to be polite while she has no manners at all.”“Ah, a hypocrite, eh?” I said.She nodded vigorously, and then hesitated, “Do all wizards have regular school too, then? Before going to Hogwarts to learn magic?”“Oh, I have no idea...,” I said in realization, wondering why that tidbit never crossed my mind to ask. “Don't get me wrong, both of my parents went to Hogwarts. It’s just that I was raised in America and didn't know I was a witch until I was ten.”“Really?” she asked, sounding quite excited and suddenly breaking her slight nervousness. “This man named Professor Dumbledore came to the orphanage and said my parents were wizards, too! Only my mom went to Hogwarts, my dad went to Durmstrang – he was Bulgarian!”My mouth dropped open, “No way!”She nodded. “When they died, I was put in the orphanage in London. I wish I could've gone to one in Bulgaria, though. That would have been such a cool accent.”“Pf! Believe me, any accent is better than my American accent... it's just so plain!”The girl giggled, her hazel eyes were so bright with happiness that it made me smile.I suddenly realized, “Oh! Where are my manners now? I'm Melody Riddle.” I held out my hand.She took it without a moment's hesitation, “Lissy Parker.”“Oh, dear, could you stand still?” Madam Malkin said. I had completely forgotten she was there.“Sorry!” Lissy said, taking her hand away to stand straight again.Madam Malkin looked up at me, “Thank you, by the way, for not rushing me. I guess it is a better idea to start with Lissy here. Miss Roachers has quite the temper.”Lissy looked confused.“I was here first. I’m growing too big for my robes, and I need to get fitted for dressrobes – some odd occasion that's taking place this year,” I said. “You came in, and what with you being brand new, I thought it would be better for you to go first.”“Thank you...” Lissy said, her eyes big with surprise. “No one... no one has ever done that for me before.”I was taken aback. “Mhmm, well hey! I can be your first friend. At least you can know where to sit when you need to get on the train.”Lissy gave a grateful smile. “Yes! That would be great!”“Are you done yet?” Miss Roachers had come over just to be a bother.I tsked as quietly as possible to myself, but it looked like the woman heard because she glared at me.Madam Malkin walked away to get a few more things for Lissy's robes. Mom was staring at the fabric laid out for when I was to be fitted… so I was able to take matters into my own hands.“Tsk at me again and I'll punish you, since your mother isn’t over here!”“I've certainly been yelled at worse than this,” I said, causing Lissy to give a small laugh.“Shut it!” she said to Lissy, and turned back to me. “If Lissy has lost her ability to obey, then I'll blame you. You'll never see the light of day again!”“Do you think you're being brave by giving me an empty threat?” I asked her, quirking an eyebrow in mild interest.“Oh, I tell you, it's not empty at all!”“Think again,” I said softly. “Out of a fight, who do you think would win?”“Well, me of –”“Hah! I'd like to see how I could even end up with a scratch after going against you in a fight. Need I remind you who's got a wand in this confrontation?” I gently eased my wand out of my pocket for her to see, chancing glances over at my mom in case she looked over.Miss Roachers faltered.With a small smirk, I eased it back into my pocket. “Should you hurt Lissy after this, she has her own little safe haven with her wand. If you try anything, she'll deal with you in her own way.”She sputtered and walked away from me in a tantrum.I chuckled.Lissy's mouth was open, “I don't think anyone has ever spoken to her like that before. Especially not someone your age.”“I see I'm a first for everything,” I remarked humorously. “By the way, don't tell her this, but magic isn't allowed outside of school until you become of age at seventeen. This makes me a hypocrite as well. I pretty much scolded her about empty threats only to give empty threats right after.”“Except you did it for a good reason,” she said. “She's a really horrible woman.”“I see that…. Do you know of the four Houses at Hogwarts?” I asked, wanting to change the subject.She shook her head, “I don't know anything about the magical world, sadly enough. I did hear from Dumbledore, though, that your Houses are like family and you earn and lose House points together.”I nodded, “There are four of them which you will be sorted in at the start-of-term feast. There's Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Gryffindors are those who are brave at heart, Ravenclaws are the smart ones, Hufflepuffs are the most loyal, and Slytherins are the most cunning. Each of them are mostly different, and sometimes people are sorted where others or themselves think they shouldn't be.”“Are you in Gryffindor?” she asked.I shook my head, immediately renouncing the very thought that I could be brave. “I'm in Slytherin. Think about it, that woman doesn't know we're not allowed to use magic outside of school and here I was threatening her with magic. That's not bravery, that's cheating.”“I still think that was brave,” she said.I smiled, “You're a stubborn one, huh?”She giggled, “Only if I like you.”I cleared my throat, “Allow me to warn you that Gryffindors and Slytherins loathe each other. They're the biggest enemies of the school. My friend, Becky, and I don't exactly follow along with the norm, though. We have friends in Gryffindor who we meet with in secret in the library.”Lissy looked excited.Madam Malkin came back. “I'm nearly done here. Just one last touch and... there you are. All ready to go.”Lissy stepped off of the stool… she was only slightly shorter than me. Ugh, another person that will be taller than me.“Whoa, you're tall,” I said, amazed.She laughed, “So I've been told... um, so I’ll see you on the train?”“I will see you then,” I said, with a smile.
  
    Chapter Text
    After being fitted into new school robes, I was fitted for the dressrobes. I had to admit that the color certainly was pretty, but they didn't have a mirror in the shop for me to look at myself. Mom did stare in awe, though, as Madam Malkin worked on me and put the lace where she directed. She gave me short puffed sleeves that my mom said actually looked surprisingly good.“I just got a box of fake flowers this morning, I could get all the dark blue roses and make them a part of the dress,” Madam Malkin suggested.“That sounds like a great idea,” I said, wondering how many more flower decorations we would add.She finished quickly enough. We thanked her profusely as we paid for everything, and then went on our way. Mom had both the robes, folded and draped neatly over her arm so they wouldn’t wrinkle.“All right,” mom said, kissing my forehead. “I will take my leave so you can get back to a boring day at work.”I snorted, “It’s not boring, mom.”Her face became stern as she looked at me. “I suppose it wouldn’t be if you treat customers the way you treated the lady that came in Madam Malkin’s.”I suppressed the urge to roll my eyes. “Oh no, that’s not the case. Customer service was turned off while I was a customer, myself. When I’m in the wand shop, customer service skills are turned back on.”Mom grimaced, “I should hope I taught you to go through life with more than just customer service, Melody. There’s a rule called ‘respect your elders,’ and you did not showcase that today. I didn’t appreciate seeing that.”I winced, her tone of voice proving how upset she felt. Perhaps I did go too far… on the bright side, it doesn’t seem like she knows I threatened the woman with magic. “I’m sorry, mom…. I do plenty to respect my teachers and other adults, but —”“There are no ‘buts’ in my book, Melody,” she said. “I don’t care how rude some adults may be, it is still your duty to be respectful. I better not see you act that way towards anyone ever again, or you’re in trouble.”She Disapparated before I could even say ‘I understand.’I grumbled to myself, kicking rocks with my hands stuffed into my pockets as I made my way back to the shop. Dad would’ve been proud to see me stand up for myself against such a rude person… actually, scratch that. He would’ve preferred that I kill her…… Think how that would’ve gone.I fought back my laughter as I imagined what dad’s disappointed speech would have been like. ‘I don’t care who it is, if they disrespect you you go for the kill. No more of this nice personality you want to give, you must force people to respect you.’My fantasy was cut short as the wand shop was finally in view… and I watched Lissy and Miss Roachers enter it.This should be fun, I thought mischievously, thinking of the best way to mess with the woman without threatening or saying something rude.… grandpa may agree with me about her, but I preferred not to take the risky chance of talking back to an adult in front of him.I walked around to the back of the building and entered through the back door… so I could act as though I hadn't seen them, of course. I heard grandpa talking to them the minute I walked in.“Please, kind sir! Give her a wand that won't hurt anyone she points it at! Perhaps a fakey wand?” Miss Roachers begged. As they came into my view, Lissy was standing right next to her with a look of barely held back irritation.“I don’t sell wands like that, nor would they be accepted at Hogwarts….” grandpa’s tone was already astounded beyond reason. “I don't choose the wand for her. It's the wand –”“– that chooses the wizard,” I finished for him, coming in. I then looked up at Miss Roachers, gave a look of surprise and said, “Oh, it's you. How nice to see you again.”“You know them?” grandpa asked.“I just met them at Madam Malkin's. I didn't realize they hadn't come to your wand shop yet, grandpa.” I emphasized grandpa as thickly as possible, enjoying Miss Roachers rage.“Grandpa?!” she exploded, her eyes bulging.“Well yes, in case you didn't notice this is the Ollivander's Wand Shop. You do remember my mom told you her name is Orele Ollivander, right?” I asked innocently. I winked at Lissy who was trying her hardest not to laugh. “Here, grandpa, you humor Miss Roachers – because I warn you, she's very impatient – and I'll help Lissy find her wand.”Lissy walked over behind the desk while Miss Roachers stammered angrily, unable to think of anything to say in her hot fury.I took out a tape measure to measure Lissy.“That was brilliant!” Lissy said.“I thought so,” I said with a smile, leaving her to find a wand.Lissy's mouth dropped open as the tape measure continued measuring her without my assistance. I took out a wand and handed it to her when the tape measure stopped. She took it and looked at me uncertainly.“Give it a wave,” I said.She waved it once. “Nope!” I said, instantly snatching it away. We went through a bunch of different wands while Lissy was continuously jumping whenever I snatched a wand away.“It looks like you're not going to find a wand for me...” Lissy said softly, sounding disappointed.“Oh no,” I said, looking around for another wand she could use. “I love a challenge. I can tell you this, on no one's first try have they ever gotten the wand meant for them. Besides – there are so many wands in here, we just... aha!” I took out a wand and handed it to her. “Let's see about this one...”Lissy took it, and I felt the immense power emanating from it. I smiled triumphantly and Lissy looked at her wand in fascination.“Amazing...” she muttered softly.“Chestnut wand with a core of unicorn hair,” I stated, taking her wand from her to wrap it up in a box “Thirteen and three quarter inches, and quite bendy. That's ten Galleons.” So much for something much needed.She handed me ten Galleons. “How do you know what sort of wand it is?” she asked as I handed it back to her.“Everything I've ever learned, I learned from my grandpa. The wood is easy to know just from looking at it, in feeling it I know its strength, and when I listen to the inside of the wood I can tell what is in its core.” I looked at her with a smile. “The kind of wood it is says a lot about a person.”“What does mine say?” she asked.“It’s mostly attracted to anyone who are natural tamers of magical beasts, are great at Herbology, or impressive fliers. Matter of fact, there were.. what was it?. Three wizards that were once heads of the Wizengamot owned chestnut and unicorn wands. That combination cranks out a lot of witches and wizards that aim for justice.”Lissy's eyes widened. “Justice…?” she repeated uncertainly. “So I'm going to be a wizard lawyer?”I snorted, “Only if you want to be. You can be what you want. My grandfather’s observations may say that you might have a sort of knack for those things, but it doesn't mean that you're most definitely going to get them. So don’t actually worry if none of that is right, nothing is seriously wrong with you.”Lissy laughed as I handed her her new wand.“When's your birthday?” I asked. “Just curious.”“August fourteenth,” she stated. “What about yours?”I chuckled, “May thirty first, it’s already long gone… which orphanage do you live in?”“Wool's Orphanage... but they're going to kick us out soon. The city wants offices, and if not all of the kids get adopted by then.. well, I don't know where they will send us.”I frowned thoughtfully as we made our way back to where Miss Roachers and grandpa were. Miss Roachers was still fuming.“I have my wand, We can go back to the orphanage now,” Lissy informed her.Miss Roachers's right eye twitched as she stared at me. “Stay away from Lissy, you –”“Charmed to meet you, Miss Roachers, I hope we meet again…” I said to her. I turned to Lissy, “Enjoy the rest of your summer vacation.”Lissy beamed at me, then she and Miss Roachers left the shop.“Bitter, slimy, disgusting excuse of a woman,” grandpa grumbled to himself.I had to laugh. “What happened while I was fitting Lissy?”He looked at me, “She said you were a horrid child and that we should take away your wand and give you over to her. Said we weren't raising you properly and that you should get a beating every single day for your mouth.”I rolled my eyes, “Yeah, she seemed to look at me like she wanted to do just that. Mom got mad at me for talking back to her earlier, but I just hate to let her think she can treat kids however she so desires. I mean, look at what she was wearing versus what Lissy was wearing!”“That poor girl...” he muttered.I got lost in my thoughts. That’s such a horrible place to be... and I know dad had lived in an orphanage and hated to go back there during the summers after Hogwarts. Was it because he lived in an orphanage that he became so heartless and evil? No one would adopt him, so he never felt loved? Oh how awful!“Can we adopt her?” I blurted out.Grandpa looked at me as though I were some strange being he had never seen before. “Melody, we need Muggle money to adopt Lissy. How are we supposed to get that?”I ran the thoughts through my head. For whatever reason, I learned that it was easy for Muggleborn wizards’ families to exchange their money in return for wizarding money at Gringotts but not vice versa. Almost as if they never expected wizards to maybe want to try anything in the Muggle world.“Mom might – or someone could send a letter to the Ministry about making a currency exchange of wizard money for Muggle money... oh, please!” I begged. “We can’t leave her there! The orphanage is about to be closed anyway, so who knows where that Roachers woman will take Lissy?”He sighed, “Talk to your mother about it... I wouldn't mind having her live with us, but I do know this. If we do adopt her, she is your responsibility.”“You make it sound like I’m asking for a puppy,” I chuckled.He rolled his eyes wordlessly.“Can I go tell mom now before I pack my bags? There aren’t really any potential customers out today...”“Go ahead, you're on leave!” he said, waving me away.“Love you, see you at dinner!” I called as I ran to the chimney at the back of the store.I stepped in and took a handful of floo powder out of my pouch. “Ollivander Home,” I said clearly, throwing the floo powder down at my feet.It was as if going through a tunnel, I tucked my elbows in and landed easily on my feet at the house. I had done it so many times by then for traveling to and from the shop that it was easy to land and not fall down as I used to do. Gerald was in the living room when I came in.“Lover boy sent you a letter,” he said matter-of-factly, waving the letter in the air. Ugh, what a stupid nickname for Marcus. Mom was surprisingly relaxed about me dating Marcus, contrary to my original uncertainties… It was nice compared to grandma and grandpa's 'be careful's and Gerald's non stop taunting. As if he never had a girlfriend…I had worried specifically about Marcus’ parents. He knew I was working with my dad — as well as who he was — and I stressed myself out over the possibility of the fact slipping either his mind or his parents’ mind. I wouldn’t know how to explain myself if anyone let any cats out of the bag.I walked over to my uncle and he stood up to keep it out of my reach.“Gerald...” I said warningly, jumping up to try and grab it.He laughed, “How about I read it aloud to see what he's got to say to you. Shall it be, 'Oh my love, I miss you so much, I –”“Oh, shut up!” I said, jumping again even more fervently. “He isn’t like that!”“Ah, ah, ah! You know you can't reach it, Melody!” he said, his grin getting wider as he pushed his hand against my chest to keep me away.My fight against his strong arm was just as fruitless as trying to reach the letter in the air. “When I turn seventeen, you'd better watch out if you try this! I'd hex you –”“I wouldn't dare trying this when you're seventeen, don’t worry about it,” he said. “I know you’d try to blow me to smithereens – with Orele at your side.”“Speaking of mom, I need to talk to her about something….” I waved my arms frantically forward, “Give! Me! That! Letter!”“What do you need to ask her about?”“Adopting!”He turned away from me, having burst into a fit of laughter. I continued after him, he quickly took out his wand – still laughing – and levitated my letter into the air. Ooh, he can be so childish!When he composed himself, he asked, “What, is Blake not enough for you? Do you want about a hundred more children running around the house or something? You know how exhausting you and Blake already are.”I gave a groan of frustration.“What is going on here? I just set Blake down for a nap,” mom asked in exhaustion, walking into the room with her hair sticking out at odd ends as if she’d just taken a nap. Blake loved mussing up her hair.“Get my letter from Gerald first!” I said, pointing to the ceiling where it still floated.Mom raised an eyebrow at him.“Go on, hear what Melody has to say about adopting first,” he said, humored.She stared at me in curiosity as if to say ‘explain first.’ She's taking his side now? That's a first.I sighed, “Remember that woman that came up to us in Madam Malkin’s, and had that girl with her?” When she nodded, I continued, telling her about Lissy and the orphanage. Then what Miss Roachers said to grandpa about me.Mom pondered it. When her head began to shake, I felt ready to beg.“Please, mom! Grandpa said to ask you, and if we do adopt Lissy she'd be my responsibility –”“Okay, okay, calm down...” mom said softly. “I'll only think about it... I don't have any Muggle money with me, so….”“If the Ministry could start a kind of wizard currency exchange —”I couldn’t even finish the thought. Not only Gerald laughed. Mom laughed, too.“What?!” I asked exasperatedly.“That should go over well in a predominantly anti-Muggle environment!” Gerald said.Mom struggled to get her breathing under control. “Ho-honey… Lucius Malfoy — as big a part of the Ministry as he is — mentioned that even the thought of using Muggle money made him sick!”Darn, they have a point there, I thought irritably. “Um…”“I see you've forgotten about your boyfriend's letter now,” Gerald pointed out smugly. As if I hadn’t been observing what he’d been doing.“Believe me, it's at the back of my mind –” I turned around suddenly and snatched it out of his hands. He had levitated it down while mom was talking, and shook it behind my head tauntingly. I held it tightly in my hands, keeping it close. “Thank you.”“How did you –”“I grew eyes at the back of my head,” I said.Mom was still laughing so hard, tears streamed down her cheek. “She got you Gerald –”At that moment, Blake started crying upstairs, stopping mom's short lived second of fun as she ran upstairs to check on him.“I'm actually starting to feel bad for Orele...” Gerald said with a shake of his head. “Children.”I rolled my eyes, “And to think you were a child once. Oh, I can just imagine what you must've been like…. so sweet only to turn into a pimpled teenager with no girlfriend!” I raced upstairs to my room before he could retort.A small, empty bag was laying on my bed next to a set of clothes mom had already pulled out for me for the next day  I had to sleepover at Draco's that night so we could wake up early and get moving without delay, mom had gone shopping specially for some clothes she thought would make my first day at the event feel special. The remaining week or more's worth of clothing was up to me to decide, since no one could be sure how long the World Cup would last.I sat on my bed and opened up Marcus's letter. It read: Dear Melody,France is still amazing, and as I said before I should really take you to visit sometime. The best place – the city of love. I know your first thought is how ironic I am.I suppose when you get this letter that you'll be going to the Quidditch World Cup with Draco soon. Has he found anyone else to tag along? I wish I could come. Bulgaria against Ireland ought to be quite a match. Matches like the Quidditch World Cup could go on for days, I'm not kidding. Although you aren't exactly an avid Quidditch fan, Draco will make the best oohs and ahhs during the game. He'll be your entertainer.My parents are eager for you to visit again, though it may have to wait until the school year is over. They want as much information about You Know What as you can offer them.I hope you're well. I'll be coming home from France in a few weeks. I'm still finding it odd that there are dressrobes on the list of supplies we need. Whatever it is we're doing, would you go with me just to spare asking later?See you then.Love,Marcus While his letter certainly made me laugh, I also halted slightly at the paragraph he snuck in. Though he swore to me that he wasn’t dating me because of who my dad really is, it still bugged me that that was why he first started talking to me. His parents connected the dots between me and my mom and dad. They were bonafide kiss-asses of Lord Voldemort.I took a blank piece of parchment from the pile of parchments on my bedside table, a quill and ink bottle and wrote back: Dear Marcus,I miss your humor. All I get are Gerald's taunts every time I get a letter from you. He'd better grow up before I turn seventeen.France sounds amazing, I wish I could come, but you know – duty at the wand shop calls. It's probably a once in a lifetime thing for me to leave for a few days just to go to the Quidditch World Cup.Remember, the only person Draco could get to go with him was me. Becky isn’t about to change her mind for anything. I'm not complaining though, it sounds like it will be a great experience. Days? Well, this ought to be one I won't forget, especially with Draco bouncing around like a Bludger. I'll be sure to watch the actual game, just to see the difference between a professional game and our regular school games.I am sure they are. Whenever I get the chance, I’m sure I can take the time out to talk to them. I understand that they would appreciate it.I am well, and I hope you are too. I feel the same about the dressrobes – something big must be happening. And, of course, yes to the invitation. ‘I thought you'd never ask!' would be the cliche sentence I should reply to you.Sincerely,Melody I folded my letter up and placed it in an envelope, sealing it and walking over to Blake’s room – picking up my bag along the way and hoisting in onto my shoulder. Mom hugged him, singing a soft lullaby.“Mom, do you know if Ebony is home?” I asked.“I believe she's in my room,” she said, looking up. “Are you leaving soon?”“Not until after dinner,” I said.“All right, but be careful. Ebony’s been snippy lately, so watch out for her claws.”“Duly noted,” I said, wandering down the hallway into mom's room where her barn owl, Ebony, was indeed there. Her head was in her wing, preening her feathers. “Hey Ebs,” I said, “I need you to take another letter to Marcus.”Ebony’s head snapped up, and she hooted angrily. Temperamental owl.“Oh come on, girl. One last letter for the summer.”She ruffled her feathers, and then bitterly stuck her leg out.“Thank you, girl. You're a lifesaver,” I said, tying it to her leg.She hooted indifferently.When finished, I opened up the window next to her perch and Ebony took off, slapping me in the face with her wings. “She meant to do that,” I muttered to myself, closing the window and brushing a few feathers off my shirt.
  
    Chapter Text
    Despite wanting to finish packing that night so I could be at the wand shop in the morning, I fell asleep in the midst of taking what was supposed to be a short break. My plan was to pack light for the Quidditch Cup and, if we didn’t get back in time, at least have my trunk ready for going back to school.I realized my mistake as grandpa shook me awake the next morning to give me a hug goodbye as well as a “good luck” and “enjoy yourself.”Other than that, I was able to finish packing and set my stuff down by the fireplace to enjoy a free day relaxing with mom and Blake — this only being after she insisted that she’d pack my trunk for me if I didn’t come back within a week.We played with wizard cards in a game of go fish, which was interesting to say the least. Each card staring back at me raised their hands when it was my turn to show that they wanted me to ask mom if she had another one of them so they’d have a friend. If they could yell at me without giving away who they were, I bet they would’ve done so.When the clock struck three, we put the cards down and that’s when they started yelling at us and each other:“No, not yet! This game isn’t over! Melody, you could have asked for another King of Hearts! A King of Hearts, I tell you!”“Orele, don’t you dare end the game like this! All you needed was an extra Three of Spades and you would’ve beat her!”“I would never change to your side!” the Three of Spades from my pile announced. “This is why I tried so hard to get her to choose me! We would have kidnapped all of you!”“Shut up, Three of Spades! You’re not that special!” a Ten of Diamonds from my deck screeched.“None of us are,” a Joker of Hearts in mom’s deck chortled. “If we were, we’d be —”Before the sentence was finished, Blake — who sat on the floor in between us — started picking up our piles and tossing them in the air. He giggled as they all screamed, flying up and fluttering back down to the ground only to be smushed back together and thrown again.Mom and I laughed as she picked Blake up. The child wailed in dismay, throwing a tantrum by waving his arms and legs in an attempt to get back to torturing the poor cards.“Can you put the cards back up, honey?” mom asked as she struggled to keep the energetic baby in her arms. “I’ll go get Blake’s teddy bear and meet you downstairs.”“Okay,” I replied, gently stacking the cards together to their collective sighs of relief.The last thing I heard before I closed them back up in their box was, “After that, I’m glad they didn’t do another game. I’m exhausted. Little ones are the worst.”I thought about the Quidditch World Cup as I reached to put the little box back on the shelf, pausing in contemplation. Maybe these would help. They ought to have plenty of breaks for everyone to eat and sleep, so there may be free time. Free time where Draco will be bored.“Hey mom?” I called.“What?”“Is it okay if I bring the cards with me?”“I don’t see why not! Go ahead!”“Thank you!” I ran down the stairs to my bag, opening it up and stuffing the little box into an open space before zipping it closed again.Mom and grandma made their way down the stairs, making silly faces at Blake to make him smile. He merely hugged his teddy bear even tighter, pouting. The look on his face was still peeved at his fun with the cards being interrupted, the tear stains on his cheeks fresh.With a last sigh, mom came over to hug me with one arm. She carefully held Blake in the other, ensuring he had no chance of escape. “I want you to be safe, don’t get into trouble, and always stay by the Malfoy’s sides,” she said, kissing my cheek.When she pulled away, I nodded, “I don't want trouble anyway.”“I should hope not,” mom said, holding a finger up before I could turn away. “Because mind you, I’ve warned Lucius. If you so much as talk to any adult, Muggle or wizard, the way you talked to that woman yesterday…. it’s his sworn duty to send you straight back home. Do you understand?”I gulped at the seriousness in her eyes, giving a small nod of understanding. However, despite her words causing my heart to freeze over, I did realize it wasn’t possible that he would actually send me home. Me being my father’s daughter, and Lucius himself believing that Muggles should be treated like garbage, it would just never happen the way mom wanted it to. I almost wondered if she already knew that fact, and just wanted to say it to keep me in line while she wasn’t around.Her demeanor changed as her lips quirked up into a smile, “On a better note, I just want you to have lots of fun. Promise me that?”I smiled back, weirdly glad she didn’t think to make me promise to behave. I knew I couldn’t possibly follow that with the biggest Pureblood supremacist family around. “With Draco, I know it’ll be lots of fun. I can promise that.” Then I turned to Blake, his eyes swollen from crying, and kissed his forehead, “I hope when I get back that you’re a ray of sunshine again.”Grandma gave me a tight hug, “Be sure to tell us everything when you get back. I love you.”“I will,” I said, pulling away to pick up my bag and reach for the floo powder. “Well, I’ll be off.”“Melody,” mom said warningly.“Wha —?” I stopped to look at her in confusion, replaying in my head what we just said. Ohh crap, time to play it off. I pulled them both into a tight hug, my arms wrapping around their waists. “Oh, no, don’t think that. I just want to say it all at once…. I love all three of you.”Grandma readily hugged me back, but I could feel mom’s hesitation as she also wrapped an arm around me. “I love you too, honey.”“All right,” I pulled away one last time, finally picking up a handful of floo powder and stepping into the fireplace. “Now I’ll be off.”“What about Gerald?” grandma asked.I waved my other hand back, “Who cares about him? See ya!” I threw the floo powder at my feet as I shouted, “Malfoy manor!” Off I went, keeping my elbows tucked in as I traveled a minute.I landed inside the fireplace, brushing ash off of me before stepping out.Looking up, inside the ornate office already stood Lucius Malfoy and what had to be his wife, Narcissa.Lucius smiled, “So glad you could join us, Melody.”“Me too, Mr. Malfoy.”I turned to Narcissa and held out my hand, “It's nice to finally meet you, Mrs. Malfoy.”Narcissa looked to be shocked at my behavior, but reached her hand out and shook mine. “I've heard a lot about you,” she said, managing a small smile. “Draco was very excited to tell us that you were coming along for the World Cup.”Lucius looked nervously at his wife, causing me painful uncertainty…. Did he tell her who my dad is? Perhaps an accidental slip?“I’m glad he asked me. I’ve never been to a professional Quidditch match before, so I’m thankful to have the opportunity. Thank you for taking me.”Narcissa’s surprise seemed to deepen the more I spoke. Almost as if she thought I’d just be a rude and demanding teen.“Father, has Melody shown up yet?” a voice drawled just before the boy it belonged to walked through the doorway.Draco greatly resembled Lucius; pale skin with a pointed face and white-blond hair. Narcissa had blonde hair, too — wow, the blonde family — I realized.“Hey Draco,” I said with a small smile.Draco surprised me with a big hug, which I gladly returned. One whiff of his cologne, bright and citrusy, caused me the surprising need to hold back a relaxed sigh. He always wears this cologne… it smells so good….“I can’t wait until tomorrow, can you?” he asked, pulling away to show me his geeked excitement. “I’ll show you up to one of our guest rooms! We have a few hours until supper.”“Sounds like a great idea,” I said with a grin, waving at his bemused parents as I followed him out of the room. We trekked up the stairs, and he made his way around until he finally came up to a room and opened it. “I'm never going to find my way around the second floor of your manor... you know that, right?” I asked.He laughed, “Come off it! This is easier to navigate than Hogwarts!”“We stay at Hogwarts for the better part of a year… and I don't normally sleep over here,” I said, throwing my bag down on the bed.With a snicker, he said, “My room's right next to this one. I can wake you up in the morning.”“Or the middle of the night just to make me flip out...” I muttered, causing him a long chuckle.We needed to get up bright and early to travel to the World Cup so we could use a Portkey to arrive there and get set up. Portkeys are random objects that would need to be something no Muggle would accidentally pick up, you have to grab hold of it and not let go until you've reached your destination. We weren't allowed to Apparate to it in case there were Muggles nearby, and you had to make sure you got there before the Portkey left without you.“Did you get dressrobes yet?” I asked, laying down across the foamy mattress. Comfy!“Yeah… but what do we need them for?” he asked, sitting down on the bed.“No idea. Must be important though,” I said, propping myself up on my elbows so I could look at him properly. “In fact – odd thing. I went just yesterday, and I let this incoming first year go before me. She was dressed in Muggle rags while the woman with her wore some fancy dress. Nuh uh, before you interrupt me–” I snapped, as Draco opened his mouth. “– She told me her parents were wizards. Her mother went to Hogwarts and her Bulgarian father went to Durmstrang. She is an orphan in a Muggle orphanage, and the woman that is with her is horrible!”His eyebrows raised, “Oh?”“I threatened her a bit. It was quite fun... but I keep thinking that I want to adopt that poor girl. My mom says it might not be possible because we don't have Muggle money.”He snorted, “Are you telling me this because you want me to do something about it?”I scoffed, shoving at his arm in frustration. “No, I just... wanted to vent that out again. It didn't help the first time with my mom and uncle.”“All you need now is to tell Becky and you'll feel so much better… she’ll probably help.”I glared at him. “Shut up,” I said, accompanied by his snorts and snickers.With a smile still plastered to his face, he asked, “Did you also send a letter to Flint about it? Maybe he’ll do something.” He nudged me a few times when I didn’t answer right away.I could only flinch and look away.It was Draco’s turn to scoff. “One of the few things to really get on your nerves about a Muggle, and you tell me but not Flint?”“Well,” I said slowly, happy that I could even explain to Draco how I felt about the situation. After a fight last year, he knew I held nothing against Muggles… I was lucky he even wanted to continue being my friend. “Knowing him, he would’ve said that I shouldn’t have even tried to associate with her. It was obvious they weren’t from the wizarding world so I technically shouldn’t have bothered.”We sat in silence for what felt like hours, though I knew it was probably only a few minutes.Draco broke the empty air. “Will… will you ever tell Flint that you don’t believe in pureblood supremacy?”“Mm..” I groaned uncertainly… “mmm, I don’t think so.”“Well, why not?” he asked, an expression of barely suppressed interest in his face. “You two are dating after all. What does it say about your relationship if you won’t tell him your true feelings?”The words seemed to blurt out of my mouth before I could even think about them. “Because I don’t really trust him.”His expression nearly made me laugh if the topic for discussion didn’t bother me so much. I would’ve said he looked like an owl. “Whaa —”“Please don’t make too big a deal about it,” I searched my brain frantically for a good lie, eventually falling on something neither he nor Becky knew the details about. “It’s just what we fought about at the end of school… still sticks with me.”“You never did say what it was about.”That he knew all along who my father is, and his parents got him to become my friend so he could have a better chance of getting in his good favors. That he started liking me for me and that’s why he started dating me, but how he started talking to me still bothers me. “It’s.. private. Can we talk about something else?”Draco’s gray eyes studied me a moment before he gave in with a small nod and a pompous smirk. “Sure, Mel.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Wha –?” I moaned sleepily while being shaken rather dramatically. Draco was there at my side, trying to wake me up.“Time to get up!” he shouted, leaning his upper body across my back and slowly adding his weight. “Get dressed. We’ll have a quick breakfast and go! Come on, you lazy bum!”That felt like only a second of sleep. “Fine, now geroff me!” I mumbled into my pillow, hugging it tightly in comfort.“I'm not getting off until you've woken up... actually, here –” with that he stood up… and pulled me out of bed, out of the comforting warmth of it, “– haha, payback!”I fell to the floor with a loud thud. I pulled my messy hair out of my face to look up at him, he was still in his pajamas as well. “If I remember correctly, last time Becky and I woke you up to get out of bed it was Christmas our second year and we didn't pull you out of bed.”“You did something similarly painful.”“Pillow fights are softer than landing on the cold, hard floor,” I countered.He smiled and held out his hand. With a soft grumble, I took it and he pulled me to my feet.“Now get out, I gotta get dressed.”“How about I sit on the bed – not looking, I swear – and just make sure you don't try going back to sleep?” he suggested, snickering at the thought.No way. “How about you get out of this room before I body slam you and throw you out myself?.. Yeah, Marcus taught me a few things.”He smirked, “Good enough for me,” and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him.I locked it quickly and sat down on the bed with a tired groan. I sure hope they know how to dress like Muggles, I thought, putting on a gray tank top and jean shorts.Walking downstairs, the Malfoy family stood waiting for me.“Oh my God,” I mumbled, dropping my face into my hands.“What?” Draco asked, sidling up next to me as he gnawed on an apple.“We're going to be around Muggles… you can't expect them not to stare at you in your robes,” I whispered to him.All three of them wore black robes with splashes of green, and pointed wizard hats. His parents stood a few feet away, holding a map between them as they obviously discussed how to get to the Portkey.“As if we care,” Draco sneered, not even bothering to whisper. “I wouldn't be caught dead wearing –”“You wanna bet?” I asked threateningly.He gave no reaction, expecting my outburst. His parents, however, flinched.Crap, better tone it down. “Ugh, fine, I give up. But I’m warning you, if any Muggles sneer at you because you're wearing what they will call odd costumes, that you can't do anything to them….” I paused, then sighed. “ Matter of fact, maybe I should just do all the talking.”“I like that idea,” Lucius said silkily, leaving the map in Narcissa’s hands and walking over to me. He reached into his robes’ pocket, pulled out a wad of Muggle money sealed in a plastic bag, and handed it to me with barely suppressed disgust. “Here, you can ask them about the location of our site and pay them – and you can keep all the extra money in there. You know we won't use it again.”My eyes widened, ‘keep the extra money’ replaying in my head. He winked at me. Draco? I mouthed. He nodded. I gave a bright smile, and turned to Draco with joy. He just shrugged his shoulders uncomfortably, and looked away.We ate our breakfast quickly, Disapparating to a secluded spot among fields of freshly mowed grass, and walked a few miles away from their manor. There were small buildings set up next to barns, all fairly distant from each other. I secretly admired each well built home while Draco and I walked ahead of Lucius and Narcissa.“Thank you,” I mumbled as we had started walking. It was five in the morning, and would take us about an hour to get there. Our Portkey was supposed to leave at ten minutes past six when the sun would start rising.“Don't mention it,” he said with a smile. Then he looked serious, “No, really, don't mention it. I have a reputation to uphold, and the only reason father agreed was because I explained that the girl’s parents were wizards. That you wanted to take her out of a Muggle’s incapable claws.”I laughed, “And hide the best of you, Draco? It’s not like anyone will expect you to –”He shook his head, “Nope.”I smiled reassuringly, “Okay, then.”“So this girl,” he said, “what's her name?”“Lissy Parker. I think you'd like her.”“Can you guess what House she might be in?”“I can't really give a guess – but she seemed to think that I'm a Gryffindor because of the way I threatened her overseer. But you and I both know that Gryffindors think too highly of themselves to do that….”Draco laughed, giving an extremely sarcastic response. “You? Threatening? No.”I rolled my eyes, bumping my shoulder into his. “By the way, I think you'd have a laugh at the woman’s name.”“What?”“Miss Roachers,” I said. He snorted. “She started it first. Threatened that I need to be punished, and that she would take matters into her own hands if she could since my family apparently won't. I told her she was giving empty threats, and threatened her, myself, with magic.”He grinned, “I wish I could've seen that!”I laughed, “I even made a point to bump into them at the wand shop and get Lissy a wand, myself. Before they left, the woman’s eye was twitching!”“Hush now,” Lucius warned us. “We don’t want to wake up the locals.”We chuckled as quietly as we could for the rest of the walk.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Once we reached an empty clearing, with some houses a near mile away, we looked around for what the Portkey could possibly be. It seemed to be nothing but acres and acres of grassy fields.What finally caught my eye was when, a short distance away, was what looked like a patch of neon green grass. Upon reaching it, we found it was a ratty umbrella with a gaping hole.“What time is it going to leave?” I asked.“We have two minutes,” Draco said, after consulting his watch. When his parents caught up with us shortly after, we tightened our holds on our bags and got set up to go. We each held the Portkey with one hand, it was small enough to just fit our four hands perfectly. Lucius was staring at his watch and finally counted down, “Three... two... one...”A sudden jerk of the umbrella, and my feet had left the ground. Draco and I bumped into each other often, our bodies and even heads slamming together from the impact of the constant spinning. My hand was magically stuck to the umbrella, so I was curious as to how we were supposed to let go –My feet slammed to the ground, cutting off my inner thoughts in their tracks. Draco and I fell over on top of each other. Lucius and Narcissa stood above us, looking quite windswept, but having never lost their balance. They fixed themselves up as I rolled off of Draco, laying in the grass for a few seconds to breathe. He stood, brushing himself off quickly before holding his hand out and helping me to my feet.I wasn't listening as Lucius and Narcissa walked away in the direction of two people that stood there waving them over. I brushed all the grass off, and smoothed my hair down as best I could.“Looks like I didn't have to brush my hair this morning anyways,” I grumbled.“You’re telling me,” Draco replied, causing me to look up to see him doing the same thing as me. I hadn’t even noticed that his hair had ruffled so much… matter of fact, I didn’t even think it could do that. His hair was always so perfectly smoothed out.“Wait, stop,” I said, holding my hands up so urgently that he paused his grooming to look at me. “Let me find a camera so I can take a picture of the day Draco Malfoy’s hair finally stood out of place!”He scowled, rolling his eyes before continuing his original task. “Ha. Ha. You’re so funny. I almost forgot to laugh.”I grinned as I looked at him, noticing as the sun rose over the horizon that his gray eyes seemed to glow brighter than usual. I stared at them, transfixed, until he finished smoothing his hair out and looked at me curiously.“All right,” he conceded with a sigh, “Just laugh. I know you want to.”I blinked in confusion, shaking my head to hide the burning sensation in my cheeks, uncertain as to why the way his eyes shone in the sunlight made me feel so happy inside. “No, you just… I mean, you look…” I sighed, uncertain what I was even thinking about telling him. That he looks great no matter how his hair was styled? Forget about it. “Let’s just go find out where our plot is.”I didn’t know why, but he smirked as he responded, “After you, then.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  
    Author’s Note: When I first wrote Melody out on fanfiction.net, I believe – despite me putting specific detail into her run-ins with Lissy over the past two chapters – that I skipped over an important factor in the rush to get the Quidditch World Cup going…. That I need to showcase her relationship with her mom better. I hadn’t given much in the way of consequences for the way she talked to Miss Roachers (perhaps because I was a teen then as well), nor for what they might do together before she leaves with a friend for God knows how long. Before, it felt like I literally just made Orele send her out the house without a second thought, and that’s just not what heartfelt moms like her do.
  

  
     SO, I end this note happily. I’m happy and proud to have taken the time out to really work on Melody to perfect her. It’s been a long journey that isn’t over yet, and I only get better the further along that I go.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    We stood on a seemingly deserted stretch of misty moor. Standing there talking to Lucius and Narcissa were two grumpy-looking wizards dressed up as Muggles – sort of. One wore a tweed suit with thigh-high galoshes, the other a kilt and a poncho. I never realized how hard it could be for a wizard to dress like a Muggle.Draco and I walked up to them, no longer tired after being thrown to the ground.The one with the galoshes consulted his list, “Malfoy... About a quarter of a mile's walk over there, second field you come to. Your Site Manager is Mr. Bumblebee.”“Aww... bumblebee,” I said. Draco snorted.We walked away through the mist that was just starting to clear as the sun came up over the horizon. About twenty minutes later we could see hundreds of tents that rose up the gentle slope of a large field toward a dark wood just on the horizon. A little more walking and we came up to a cottage door where a man with tousled gray hair stood. He wore wizarding robes so this was no Muggle, it made the Malfoys relax a touch. But we needed to pay him Muggle money so he could pay the person who owned all the land they were on.I took out the Muggle money and asked, “How much?”“Just a thirty – some wizards have been trying to give me Galleons, and I have to remind them that this is Muggle land,” Mr. Bumblebee said. “Luckily they had me to tell them, but to those who have Muggles as their Site Managers, I hope they know what was expected. Some have brought tents that look more like miniature palaces.”“We brought one that’s… fairly fancier,” Lucius admitted as I gave Mr. Bumblebee the money. “But it won't be too fancy, I assure you.”Mr. Bumblebee bowed his head to us, gave us a map of the campsite, and went to go help another wizard that just arrived.Lucius led us through the long line of tents – of which all looked more regal than normal. We finally reached a tight space with a small sign hammered into the ground that read MALFOY. A very short distance away was the field where the match was to take place.“Is this space big enough for your tent?” I asked, looking at the tents next to us.To our left was a long line of red Bulgarian tents, and to our right were a surprising number of tents that looked like my definition of a Hobbit hole. The Bulgarian flag – white, green, and red – sat high above them, fluttering in the light breeze. They were bedecked with plant life and every last one of them had the exact same poster of a guy with a surly face with heavy, black eyebrows just blinking and scowling.The little Hobbit holes had roundish looking wooden doors that opened in and out, but the rest of it looked like the fabric of a regular tent. Only they had little mail boxes and gardens out front as though they were their own mini homes. Could these matches ever be long enough to last a whole year?“We have enough room,” Lucius said, looking around him cautiously before taking out his wand. With a wave, the tent set itself up. I shook my head regrettably. There was no magic allowed on these Muggle grounds. The tent itself was just as fancy as much of the others, it had the Bulgarian colors on it and looked like a mini-castle. Yeah, only a little fancier, right Lucius?Inside it was surprisingly bigger than it looked on the outside. It was two floors, about five rooms, two bathrooms, a kitchen and a dining room. It was quite nice, but it felt like I was about to stay in a rental home instead of a tent.“You want to go out for a bit?” Draco asked once we set our bags down.“Sure,” I said, following him out of the tent. “So.. who’s that on the Bulgarian posters?”“Oh, that's Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker! He's the best Seeker in the world!” he replied excitedly.“Wow…” Better than Harry Potter?We walked around, studying each of the tents. Some actually looked like normal tents to the point that I wished I could give them kudos for knowing how to properly hide their magical ways. Others looked even shockingly bigger than ours. It got to the point I started actively searching to see if anyone made a mini Hogwarts tent. No such luck.I followed Draco outside the area of the tents, and was taken aback when he pulled out his wand.I stopped in my tracks. “What are you doing?”“Getting some practice in,” he said simply, his expression so calm it was as if he didn’t know what was wrong with it.“But we’re not in school, and the Ministry has to be here to keep other wizards in line so they’ll catch you easily. They are able to trace us.”He snorted, holding back a laugh with his hand.“What’s so funny?” I asked suspiciously.“Don’t you know that the Ministry can’t trace exactly who’s casting a spell?”My brow furrowed as I looked at him, “They can’t specifically trace it from your wand?”Draco shook his head. “The Ministry can only trace where an underage wizard is located, not whether or not we’re casting it from our wand. The two of us live in magical homes, so they can’t know if it’s us casting it or an adult.”I frowned in thought, “Damn, then I could’ve been practicing spells at home all along…?”“I would’ve thought you’d know that, Mel. It’s got to be in some book. Anyways, the rule is only in place to make sure underage wizards don’t cast magic in front of Mudbloods —” he paused when I glared at him, and sighed in exasperation. “Sorry — Muggles — that aren’t supposed to know about magic.”I smiled mischievously as I thought about how mom told me not to get into trouble… I never promised I wouldn’t. And since she thought I wouldn’t find out the truth about the Ministry’s tracing actual abilities, having told me that they could trace it directly to the user, I felt I had a right to get whatever practice I wanted in.Admittedly, I was curious after being sent home for Christmas my first year at Hogwarts with the task of becoming an Animagus why Ministry officials hadn’t shown up at the house immediately after I accomplished it. But, I’d dumbed it down to it being authorized by Professor Quirrell, Severus, and my mom… I hate not knowing the truth. Why would she lie?In an attempt to forget my frustration, I excitedly pulled out my own wand. “In that case, have you read the school books yet to see what spells we'll be doing this year? We can practice on each other… actually, scratch that, I can practice on you and you can practice on a dummy.”He shook his head firmly, “Please, I like to enjoy my summer vacation away from school work —” He waved his arm around as he talked. He didn’t notice but, whenever it started to point at me, I immediately ducked.“— Um, Draco –”“— and anyway, what do you mean I can’t practice on you? I know what I’m doing —”“— Whatever you say, but Draco —”Too late. Sparks burst out of his wand and hit a nearby tree. It toppled over, hit in such a way that it looked like a clean cut from an axe. The tree started to fall in our direction.I waved my wand as quickly as possible, “Arresto Momentum!” The tree’s descent slowed, and I immediately grabbed Draco’s hand, walking with him until we were out of the way when it gently touched the ground. “This,” I gestured toward the tree, “is why I refuse to be what you practice on unless I know you can get the spell right.”“Shut up, I get it,” Draco scowled, his cheeks redder than usual as he looked at the hand still intertwined with his. I felt my own face burn from the realization, what is going on with my face feeling like it’s on fire with him today?About a dozen Ministry members Apparated around us, looking at the tree. I instantly dropped Draco’s hand and glared at him, so much for hiding our use of magic.“Who knocked it over?” a stiff, obviously strong rule-stickler barked at us. He was an elderly man, uptight and with short gray hair that was almost unnaturally straight. He followed the rules of Muggle dressing so thoroughly that even I could have mistaken him for a Muggle.“That's Barty Crouch...” Draco whispered in my ear before clearly stating, “I apologize. It was me, I did it by accident.”“That's big of you,” I whispered in surprise, my eyes wide as I looked at him.Barty Crouch! was being shouted at the back of my mind. I wonder what he has his son doing while he's out working... maybe still keeping him at home under a continued Imperius Curse?“What is your name, young man?”“Draco Malfoy, sir.”He then looked at me, an expression of vague familiarity crossing his features. “And you?”I gulped, feeling like his eyes were looking through me rather than at me. Why does it feel like he knows about my heritage with that look? “Melody Riddle, sir.”Mr. Crouch looked over the tree, and then back to us. “Did you use the charm to slow its descent too, Mr. Malfoy?”“I did that,” I said, raising my hand up slightly. I could sense his feelings of incredulity, as well as apprehension, though his face remained serious.Another man came along, a rather childish look in his eyes. He wore the most 'out there' kind of clothes imaginable. An enormous picture of a wasp on bright yellow and black Quidditch robes. He was a Ministry member, but the Quidditch robes suggested he played on a Quidditch team when he was younger. His nose was squashed – possibly from a stray Bludger – he had blond hair, a rosy complexion, and round blue eyes.“What's going on here, Barty?” he asked, sounding rather overenthusiastic. “Couple kids causing mayhem? How exciting!”“An accident,” he said curtly. “We'll have to get this tree out of here before any Muggles come investigating.”“Why not just use Reparo?” Draco asked me in a whisper.I gave him a look as I whispered back, “A tree is life Draco. It’s not like you can cut a person's head off, use the Repairing Charm and they're all right again.”Draco couldn't help his laughter.Lucius Malfoy appeared by Mr. Crouch with a pop. Draco's laughter died down instantly.“Ah, Malfoy,” Mr. Crouch said. “I believe this is your son – he accidentally knocked down the tree, and Ms. Riddle helped slow its descent.”Lucius looked it over and said, “Impeccable job, Melody.” He turned back to Mr. Crouch, “Did any.. Muggles see this?”“It looks like there's no one around! What marvelous luck!” Ludo shouted.Mr. Crouch looked at Ludo irritably before nodding to us, “We’ll take care of this, Malfoy.”“I appreciate it, Crouch… as for you, Draco,” Lucius said, turning to his son who looked down at his feet in embarrassment. He placed a firm hand on his shoulder, “I need to talk to you.”They walked away, and I rolled my eyes. Becky would just love to hear about this.“I hope your mother is doing well, Ms. Riddle?”I turned to look at Mr. Crouch in mild surprise, his face as well as feelings revealing nothing more to me. “Yes sir, she’s doing very well. Thank you for asking.”The major shocker for me was when he gave me a small smile in response before walking away.What was that about?⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛When we went back to the tent for the rest of the day, Draco sulked for most of it. I couldn’t even get him to play a few rounds of cards with me to get his mind off of his little accident. Once dusk came and magic filled the air, he was happier, and the Ministry had to give up trying to stop anyone from casting spells. The attempts would have been absolutely futile.Salesmen had Apparated to empty spots every few feet so when Draco and I got out of the tent we saw small shops that we rushed to for stuff to buy.We looked through what they had to sell with excitement. They had tiny models of Firebolts that actually flew, models of the players that actually walked around, and bunches of other things. Draco got a model of Viktor Krum; I got two Firebolt models – one for Marcus, another for Lissy – and a Bulgarian scarf for Becky with a lion on it that really roared.“It's about to start!” Draco said excitedly, grabbing my arm. His hands were surprisingly smooth against my skin. “Let's go!”
  
    Chapter Text
    We followed the lantern-lit trail through the woods to the field with Lucius and Narcissa in the lead. Draco still held my arm, so tight in fact that I could tell his excitement had made him totally forget about the accident with the tree.Thousands of other people around us gave loud shouts, bursts of laughter, and rounds of songs. The excitement around us was so contagious that I couldn't help myself from talking with Draco about what could happen during the match – even though I don't even know the teams.It took twenty minutes to get through the woods before we finally emerged on the other side in the shadow of the biggest stadium I had ever been.“Amazing,” I said along with Draco's enthusiastic nod.“The Ministry has been working on this all year with a task force of five hundred,” Lucius said, leading the way to the nearest entrance. “The Repelling Charms are on every square inch. Every time a Mudblood comes near here, they’ll remember that they scheduled urgent appointments and leave immediately.”I really wish he would stop saying that horrid word, I thought to myself with a shake of my head. But, the Dark Lord's daughter wouldn't be telling him not to use it... I may have to say it, myself, eventually – ugh!We went all the way to the top box and edged along the second row to the four empty seats at the end.“... ah, and here's Lucius!” I heard someone say.I looked up to see the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. He seemed to have been deep in conversation with Harry Potter.Harry had turned around at the sound of Lucius's name… well, so had the whole Weasley family and Hermione Granger. They weren't surprised to see me with the Malfoys, though Hermione gave me a small smile, Harry a small nod – he’d warmed up to me at the end of the previous school year, whereas for Ron it went… fairly slowly. Fred and George gave me cheeky grins almost as big as Becky’s normally was.“Ah, Fudge,” Lucius said, holding out his hand as he reached the Minister. “How are you? I don't think you've met my wife, Narcissa? Or our son, Draco? Perhaps his friend, Melody?”“How do you do, how do you do? Nice to see you again, Melody,” Fudge said, smiling and bowing to Lucius. “And allow me to introduce you to Mr. Oblansk – Obalonsk – Mr. – well, he's the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and he can't understand a word I'm saying anyway, so never mind. And let's see who else – you know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?”It was a tense moment between Arthur and Lucius. Last time I had ever seen them face-to-face, we were in Flourish and Blotts just before our second year at Hogwarts.“Good lord, Arthur,” Lucius said softly. “What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn't have fetched this much?”The Minister, who surprisingly hadn't been listening, said, “Lucius has just given a very generous contribution to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur. He's here as my guest.”“How – how nice,” Arthur said, straining a smile for the Minister's sake.Boy, how can the Minister not feel all the tense hate between the two? I'm simply burning in it! I thought, staring awkwardly at my feet.We continued down the line to our seats. I sat on the end next to Draco, and on his other side sat his mom.In the next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box. “Everyone ready?” he asked excitedly. “Minister – ready to go?”“Ready when you are, Ludo,” the Minister said comfortably.Ludo whipped his wand out, directed it at his own throat, and said “Sonorus!” to speak over the roar of the crowd like a microphone.“There's a good spell,” Draco muttered to me.“Becky can beat that volume with her own voice,” I sniggered, to which Draco chuckled in return.“Ladies and gentlemen... welcome!” Ludo said over the crowd's excited screaming and clapping. “Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup! And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce... the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!”A hundred women glided out onto the field... very beautiful women at that. I found myself glancing at Draco and Lucius, who were instantly captivated by them. Narcissa and I traded looks and burst into laughter. These creatures had to be veela, women who dazed the thoughts of men and made them want to do impressive things to get their attention. “Good thing they have us with them to make sure they don't do something stupid,” I muttered softly to her. She nodded with a big smile.No wonder Draco is on Bulgaria's side – unless he doesn’t know the mascots are veela, I thought as the music began to play and the veela started dancing. I watched Draco closely as his expression became blissfully happy. Well, wait until they stop and then he'll be devastated along with every other guy in this stadium.When the veela started dancing faster, I could hear the minds of every single man in the stadium…… What can I do to make them notice me? Jumping from the box into the stadium sounds like a good idea... but is it enough? “Wow...” I mumbled, “How stupid.” Draco started to stand, so I grabbed the back of his robes and sat him right back down. The music stopped and Draco broke out of his trance.Angry shouts filled the stadium as the veela stopped and went to line up along one side of the field, and they were especially loud coming from Draco. I found myself plugging my ears as tight as possible with a wince.“Come on! Let them dance a little m — ow!” Draco turned to glare at me after I had harshly pinched his arm. Somehow, upon looking at me, his expression had softened considerably from anger to calm. “What was that for?”I smirked, “Need I remind you that we’re here for Quidditch, not veela?”“And now,” Ludo roared, returning our attention back to the Quidditch pitch, “kindly put your wands in the air... for the Irish National Team Mascots!”Next, what looked to be a green-and-gold comet came zooming in. It circled around the entire stadium and then split into two comets, each heading toward the goal posts. A rainbow arced across the field, connecting the two comets together. The whole crowd oooohed and aaaaahed at the display. The rainbow faded and the two comets flew to merge together, forming a great shimmering shamrock which soared over the stands. Gold coins fell down everywhere like golden rain.Draco bent down and picked up a bunch of the gold. “Look, enough for each of us to get anything we want from Hogsmeade this year.”But why would they just give us free gold? I wondered to myself. My question was confirmed a second later. In the shamrock were thousands of leprechauns, tiny little bearded men with red vests that each carried a minute lamp of gold or green.“Draco, it's leprechaun gold. It’ll just disappear later,” I whispered to him as the crowd gave tumultuous applause. He dropped it all back to the floor again.“Of course…… at least the veela give you better entertainment.”I snorted, “True. Entertainment for the men, at least. For the women, the entertainment is the men in the stands being entertained by the veela.”The shamrock dissolved, and the leprechauns drifted down onto the field on the opposite side from the veela. They settled themselves down, cross-legged, to watch the match.Draco’s “Oh hi,” distracted me, and I turned to see Vincent and Greg sitting down next to him. I had to hold back a chuckle as I realized ‘Krum’ was written in red across Vincent’s forehead. Meanwhile, Draco’s parents moved to the row behind us to sit with Vincent and Greg’s fathers.The boys said their excited hellos as I grinned, “Hey! Glad you could join us just in time!”Ludo spoke again, regaining all our attention. “And now, ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome – the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you – Dimitrov!”A scarlet-clad figure zoomed so fast across the field on its broomstick I almost didn't see it, and all the Bulgarian supporters applauded wildly. I even applauded.“Ivanova!”A second scarlet-robed player zoomed out.“Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand – Krum!”Draco gripped my arm in excitement as the distant figure of Viktor Krum zoomed across the field. “Look! Look! It's him! It's him!”I couldn't help my smile as I looked at him, his eyes starstruck and glued to the field. I have never seen Draco look so excited before. It’s almost contagious.“And now, please greet – the Irish National Quidditch Team! Presenting – Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand – Lynch!”Seven green blurs swept onto the field as he named them, flying faster than speeding bullets.“And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!”A small and skinny wizard, completely bald but for his mustache, wore robes of pure gold to match the stadium. He strode out onto the field with a silver whistle protruding from under his mustache, a large wooden crate under one arm, and his broomstick in the other. Hassan mounted his broomstick and kicked the crate open, four balls burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black Bludgers, and I saw a brief glimpse of the Golden Snitch. With a sharp blast of his whistle, Hassan shot into the air after the balls.My eyebrows rose, “They’re starting already?” That was fast.“Theeeeeeeey're off!” Ludo shouted. “And it's Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!”The game went by with those passes being so quick and precise that I just about got tired of hearing all the different names of players suddenly having the Quaffle in their possession. I dropped my face into my hands because the crowd wasn't helping either, constantly booing or cheering and never being quiet enough for even a few seconds. It was to that point that I heard the crowd considerably more than the consistent oohs and ahhs coming from Draco that I had so looked forward to.“Troy scores!” Ludo roared. “Ten zero to Ireland!”“I don't even remember who's on what team!” I shouted out to Draco, rubbing my head with one hand irritably as I looked down at my lap. “How can you tell what’s going on? It’s all so loud!”He put one hand on my free one and squeezed it gently. I looked at it in surprise and was going to say something to him, but when I looked at his face I realized he hadn’t even taken his eyes off of the game. Despite the pink tinge in his cheeks, his gaze was glued to the vast arena.I looked back at the game, decidedly allowing him my hand for reasons of comfort. The Chasers from the Ireland Team were so good that they hardly gave any chances for the Bulgarians to steal the Quaffle. Ireland was definitely going to win at the rate of which they kept scoring the ball... but the Bulgarian Seeker, Viktor Krum, was as Draco said – the best Seeker in the world. His eyes darted all over the place, his concentration on what was going on never wavering.I really can't tell what's going on in the scoring except from what I hear out of Ludo’s mouth. Everyone is moving so fast.The game started moving faster, and became more brutal as time passed. The Bulgarian Beaters were whacking the Bludgers as fiercely as possible at the Irish Chasers, and tried to prevent them from catching the Quaffle; twice being forced to scatter. Then suddenly – I don't know how – Bulgaria scored their first goal.The veela started to dance in celebration. When the veela stopped, Bulgaria was in possession of the Quaffle again.“Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova – oh I say!” Ludo said.All the wizards in the stadium gasped as the Seekers plummeted through the center of the Chasers so fast it was like they were falling from thousands of feet. Draco followed their descent with his eyes with bated breath, squinting as though looking for the Snitch himself.At the very last second, Viktor Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled off. The Irish Seeker, however, hit the ground with a dull thud that could be heard all across the stadium. There was a huge groan from the Irish supporters.Viktor Krum had only made the other Seeker think he'd spotted it. How underhanded, how… Slytherin-like.“It's time-out as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch!” Ludo yelled out.Aidan Lynch got to his feet to loud cheers from Ireland's supporters, mounted his broom, and kicked back off into the air. When Hassan blew the whistle again, the Chasers moved into action immediately.After I suppose about fifteen more fast and furious minutes, Ireland pulled ahead by ten more goals. Draco was starting to lose faith as we both looked at the leaderboard where it said that Ireland was ahead by one hundred and thirty points to ten. The game started getting even dirtier than that, a feat I hadn't thought possible.An Irish player shot toward the goal posts yet again, clutching the Quaffle tightly under her arm, when the Bulgarian player flew out to meet her. Whatever happened, I didn't catch it, but there was a scream of rage from the Irish crowd and Hassan's long, shrill whistle blast screamed that it had been a foul.“And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for cobbling – excessive use of elbows!” Ludo informed us. “And – yes, it's a penalty to Ireland!”The leprechauns had risen angrily into the air like a swarm of glittering hornets when Mullet had been fouled and now darted together to form the words “HA, HA, HA!” The veela on the other side of the field leapt to their feet, tossed their hair angrily, and started to dance again.I laughed joyfully as the referee, Hassan Mostafa, landed right in front of the dancing veela and acted very oddly. He was flexing his muscles and smoothing his mustache excitedly.“Now, we can't have that!” Ludo said, sounding highly amused himself. “Somebody slap the referee!”A mediwizard came tearing across the field, his fingers stuffed into his own ears, and kicked Hassan hard in the shins. He seemed to come to himself and started shouting at the veela – I can feel his angry embarrassment from all the way up here!“And unless I'm much mistaken, Mostafa is actually attempting to send off the Bulgarian team mascots! Now there's something we haven't seen before.... Oh this could turn nasty...”And it most certainly did: The Bulgarian Beaters landed on either side of Hassan Mostafa and began arguing furiously with him, gesturing toward the leprechauns, who had now gleefully formed the words “HEE, HEE, HEE.”“I'd like to punch the bloody hell out of those leprechauns,” Draco said threateningly. I, however, wasn't really listening to him. I watched in fascination as they argued.Hassan didn't look impressed by the Bulgarians' arguments and was jabbing his finger into the air, clearly telling them to get back into the game. When they refused, he gave two short blasts on his whistle.“Two penalties for Ireland!” Ludo shouted, and the Bulgarian supporters howled with anger – especially Draco. “And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get back on those brooms... yes... there they go... and Troy takes the Quaffle...”The match now reached the highest level of ferocity anyone could ask for. The Beaters on both sides acted without mercy, the Bulgarian Beaters making a point not to care whether their clubs made contact with Bludger or human as they violently swung them through the air. A Bulgarian Chaser shot straight at an Irish Chaser holding the Quaffle, and nearly knocked her clean off her broom.“Foul!” the Irish supporters shrieked as one, all standing up.“Foul!” Ludo echoed. “Dimitrov skins Moran – deliberately flying to collide there – and it's got to be another penalty – yes, there's the whistle!”The leprechauns rose into the air again, and now formed a giant hand, making a very rude sign at the veela across the field. The veela lost control and, instead of dancing, they launched themselves across the field and began throwing what looked to be handfuls of fire at the leprechauns.You don’t get to see an all-out mascot battle every day, I thought positively to myself.Ministry wizards flooded onto the field to separate the veela and the leprechauns with very little success. However, their battle was nothing compared to that of the actual match.The Quaffle changed hands so quickly I didn't know how Ludo even kept up.“Levski – Dimitrov – Moran – Troy – Mullet – Ivanova – Moran again – Moran – Moran scores!”The cheers of the Irish supporters were barely heard over the furious shrieks of the veela, the blasts now issuing from the Ministry members' wands, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians.An Irish Beater swung heavily at a passing Bludger and hit it as hard as possible toward Viktor Krum, who didn't duck quickly enough. It hit him full in the face. As the Bulgarian supporters groaned, I noticed his nose bleed freely and was most likely broken. However, Hassan Mostafa didn't blow his whistle because he had become distracted by the veela throwing a handful of fire at him, setting his broom tail alight.The Irish Seeker suddenly went into a dive.“No!” Draco shrieked, his grip on my hand tightening.About half of the crowd seemed to notice this as well. Irish supporters rose, cheering Aidan Lynch on. Viktor Krum was on his tail, though, drawing level with Aidan as they both hurtled to the ground once more.For the second time, Aidan hit the ground again with tremendous force and was immediately stampeded by a horde of angry veela.Viktor had caught the snitch. He rose gently into the air, his fist held high, a glint of gold in his hand.The scoreboard flashed BULGARIA: 160, IRELAND: 170The Ireland supporters, slow to realize what had just happened, grew louder and louder and soon erupted into screams of delight.Draco’s hand released mine as he slumped into his seat, a bitter look on his face.“Well,” I said, “Viktor Krum most certainly is the best seeker in the world. Aidan Lynch didn’t know what hit him… twice at that!”He seemed to feel a little happier about that fact.“Ireland wins!” Ludo shouted, obviously just as taken aback by the sudden end of the match as everyone else. “Krum gets the snitch – but Ireland wins – good lord, I don't think any of us were expecting that!”“Well? What did you think?” Draco asked, gesturing around the stadium.“Too much going on at one time,” I admitted. He laughed. “And I'd bet that Becky would think the exact same thing.”“Vell, ve fought bravely,” I heard a gloomy voice say. When I looked to see who said it, I saw the Bulgarian Minister of Magic regrettably shaking his head.Cornelius Fudge was outraged, “You can speak English! And you've been letting me mime everything all day!”Draco and I glanced at each other in unison before bursting into fits of laughter as the Bulgarian Minister said with a shrug, “Vell, it vos very funny.”Ludo roared, “And as the Irish team performs a lap of honor, flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup itself is brought into the Top Box!”The Top Box was magically illuminated so that everyone in the stands could see the blinding white light of the vast golden cup. The two panting wizards who carried it handed it to Cornelius Fudge, who was still disgruntled about learning he'd been trying to use sign language with the Bulgarian Minister all day for no good reason.“Let's have a really loud hand for the gallant losers – Bulgaria!” Ludo said.Up the stairs into the Top Box came the seven defeated Bulgarian players. The crowd below applauded for them appreciatively.One by one, they filed between the rows of seats in the box, and Ludo called out all their names as they came in. Viktor Krum was last and looked like a real mess, still clutching the Snitch. When Ludo called his name, the whole stadium gave him a resounding, earsplitting roar.“Don't the mediwizards know how to clean his nose up?” I asked Draco in a murmur.“Doesn't trust the mediwizards ever since they tried to heal a broken arm he got from a Bludger. They only made it worse, breaking more bones – he hasn't trusted them ever since.” Draco said. “He let it heal normally after that, took months but he wouldn't let anyone get near him.”I raised an eyebrow at him, “Sounds like a similar thing that happened our second year.”Draco snorted with laughter. “Except that Lockhart took Potter's bones completely out of his arm. He had to get skelegrow from Madam Pomfrey.”“He was such an idiot with magic, too,” I said with a disgusted look. “I could understand not trusting one specific mediwizard after that, but not all mediwizards.”Draco shrugged, “Maybe he'll let you.” He then proceeded to whisper something to Lucius.I snorted at the idea. As if he is going to let a teenage witch do what a mediwizard should be trained to do.The Irish team  arrived. The Seeker, Aidan Lynch, had to be supported by two of his team members. The second crash apparently dazed him, his eyes looking strangely unfocused, but he grinned as two other teammates lifted the Cup into the air. The crowd below thundered its approval.Draco poked me — I didn’t even notice him stand up — and right behind him was Viktor Krum.“Wha –?”“I told him about last year when you fixed Marcus's nose up. He's agreed to let you fix his nose.”“Why?”He lightly punched my arm playfully as if he thought I was kidding with my reaction. “Krum goes to Durmstrang, and my father is close friends with their headmaster. He trusts his judgment.”I glanced to the side where Lucius stood, and he nodded his approval to me.“Okay,” I said slowly, standing up. I took my wand out and pointed it at Viktor's nose. “Episkey!” he staggered, but didn't start shouting at me. That’s progress, I thought as his nose had gone back into place. “Tergeo…” The blood cleared up.He touched his nose and gave a surprising smile. After seeing the scowling on his posters, I certainly hadn't expected that.
  
    Chapter Text
    “You oughta make the front page for that!” Draco said excitedly as we made our way back to the tent in the large crowd with boisterous singing on either side of us. Vincent and Greg already followed their parents back to their own tent.“Oh, please,” I said, rolling my eyes. “I only fixed his nose. It’s not that big a deal!”“Melody, he'll probably trust you if he gets hurt again!” he said.“What's the point of gaining his trust if I'm not going to be around him?” I asked.“He'll be around Hogwarts this year. Did you know he goes to Durmstrang?” he asked.“No, I didn't know that... but what does that have to do with him being at Hogwarts? What for, anyway?”“The Durmstrang and Beauxbatons schools will be coming to Hogwarts for the year…” he gave a dramatic pause, as though building up to a fantastic reveal.I waited for the rest of his sentence another minute until I concluded that he wanted me to ask, “Okay…. Why?”“They're going to host the Triwizard Tournament at Hogwarts this year! I thought you’d know!”“As far as I knew, there was supposed to be a surprise for students. Since you just revealed it to me, it does sorta make sense…” I said softly.The Triwizard Tournament hadn't been done for years because of the large number of deaths that occurred. I had read a bit about them; there were three different tasks for one student from each participating school to face. Whoever won got a thousand Galleons in prize money, and the Triwizard Cup for their school.“Well, I can't wait for this year! Hopefully it will take up so much time that we don't have to do schoolwork.”“Really?” I asked in exasperation. “What is the point of going to school this year if we aren't going to learn anything, Draco?”“We'll be learning a lot just by watching the three wizards go through the challenges! We'll know what not to do in a similar situation.”I rolled my eyes.“And we're expected to attend every challenge so don't even think about skipping out!”“As if anyone would even notice that I'm not there,” I snapped. “I could be completely exempt from everything.”“Snape would most certainly notice.”“Oh, please,” I said with a barely suppressed sigh. “He could let it slide.”“And let you miss all the fun?” Draco grinned. “No way!”Once we got back to the tent, Draco took out his Nimbus 2001 and flew around for quite a while, trying to look like Viktor Krum. He wasn't as nimble on his broom as Viktor had been, however, but I amusedly watched him fly around.The moment he got bored enough to dismount, I was in front of him with the cards splayed out in my hands. “Ready for a few rounds?”“Yes, please play with us!” a Nine of Spades pleaded.“I order you to play!” a King of Diamonds demanded.Draco’s lips thinned at the sight of them, “I don’t know… I’ve never really liked cards. They get annoying.”A Queen of Hearts gasped in dismay, “How dare you? Off with his head!”I couldn’t help but laugh at the outburst, that and Draco’s pointed look between me and the cards. “Think of it this way — they’re rather entertaining. They can’t do anything, really, besides talk a lot of crap.”“Like I said. Annoying.”I opened my mouth in retort, but then thought better of it and closed my mouth with a nod. As I evened the cards out and returned them to their box, I noticed Draco staring at me intently.“No,” he asserted, “what was that? What were you going to say?”“Hm? Oh nothing,” I said innocently, gently placing the cards inside my bag before beginning to walk out of the room.“You were going to say something. Go on, spit it out,” he said, quickly standing between me and the doorway.I grinned, attempting to squeeze past him only for him to stab a hand into my side causing me to laugh uncontrollably. “Haha, stop! Stop tickling me!”“Not until you tell me what you were going to say!” From his sadistic grin, I could tell he was enjoying this.“Okay — okay — haha, stop!” I finally pushed his hands away, massaging my sides with a few added giggles. “Ohh, I hate Marcus right now for telling you I’m ticklish.”Draco chuckled, “And it’ll happen again unless you tell me what you were about to say!”I backed up a bit, laughing lightly as I said, “Fine.. I was about to say that you’re a fine one to talk about the cards being annoying for talking a lot of crap…. You do it on the regular to other people without the defensive skills to back yourself up when they attack you. Especially to Gryff — hey!”I had to dodge out of the way as he lunged at me with outstretched hands, aiming yet again for my sides.I pointed at him, “You only said you’d tickle me unless I told you. And I just told you.”“That was before I realized it was an insult.”“Of course it was an insult! That’s why I had decided not to…” I let my sentence trail off as Lucius entered the room with barely contained excitement on his face. I noticed he held something silvery in his hand. “What’s that, Mr. Malfoy?”“Do you two want to watch or join?” he held up a skull mask. “Some friends of ours have come up with the plan to scare those unwanted Mudbloods just for a bit of fun. Crabbe and Goyle’s sons have decided to take part.”Draco glanced at me before answering, “I’ll sit this out. It’ll be more exciting to watch everyone run away.This is sick, I thought as I looked between the two of them. Of course I don’t want to join in… but would I really prefer to watch? Well.. Draco is being thoughtful enough to me not to join in, and it’d be suspicious to Lucius if I said to take me home. I gave a shrug and said, “I’ll watch with Draco.”Lucius gave a smirk and nodded in response.So we were led out of the tent to walk off the campgrounds. Lucius had to promise me that he’d send our stuff home first — since he mentioned something about setting fire to everything — so that I knew I’d have my belongings to take back home. I was not about to lose the gifts I had bought.“We can’t tell Becky about this,” Draco whispered in my ear as we walked.“She'll read about it in the papers,” I replied, feeling a knot form in my stomach.“Not that we watched –”“I got it, I got it,” I said, slapping my hand over his mouth. “Now please shut up.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Later on, Draco and I stood out by the edge of the woods – knowing the wizards and Muggles would use it as an escape. The screams started – fires were made – wizards and witches all ran into the woods for safety. Draco didn't hide from any of them, rather stood out in the open actively showing his enjoyment as he leaned against a tree. I sat hidden behind said tree – sickened by the terrified looks on their faces.I saw from a distance the crowd of wizards with the masks on their faces – the Deatheaters – with their wands in the air, laughing as they levitated a Muggle family up above them like marionettes. The Deatheaters blasted tents out of their way, several catching fire. The screaming grew louder.We saw the twins, Ginny, Harry, Ron, and Hermione run toward us. Draco smirked knowingly at me.“Will you leave them alone?” I whispered.“And miss a perfect opportunity? No way!”I groaned, laying my head in my hands. “Forget I asked.”Ron yelled with pain as he fell over. Hermione stopped so abruptly that Harry ran into her. Fred, George, and Ginny continued sprinting past.“What happened?” she asked anxiously. “Ron, where are you? Oh this is stupid – lumos!”Her wand illuminated, and she directed it across the path. Ron lay sprawled on the ground, a scowl on his face.“Tripped over a tree root,” he said angrily, getting to his feet again.“Well, with feet that size, hard not to,” Draco drawled. The three of them turned to look at him sharply.While Ron told Draco to do something, I poked my head around the tree to look at Hermione. She saw me and I mouthed to her, ‘Go!’ She nodded and mouthed back, ‘Are you okay?’ I nodded, ‘I’m sorry about this!’“Language, Weasley,” Draco said. “Hadn't you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn't like her spotted, would you?” He nodded at Hermione. At that same moment, a blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, and a flash of green light momentarily lit the trees around us.“What's that supposed to mean?” Hermione asked defiantly.“Granger, they're after –” I kicked him in the leg, so he said, “– Muggles. D'you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? Because if you do, hang around... they're moving this way, and it would give us all a laugh.”“Hermione's a witch,” Harry snarled at him.“Have it your way, Potter. If you think they can't spot a Mudblood –” I kicked him again, but I was too late, “– stay where you are.”“You watch your mouth!” Ron shouted angrily.“Never mind, Ron,” Hermione said quickly, seizing Ron's arm to restrain him as he took a step toward Draco.A bang came from the other side of the trees that was louder than anything else that had happened. Several people screamed and Draco chuckled softly.“Scare easily, don't they? I suppose your daddy told you all to hide? What's he up to – trying to rescue the Muggles?” Draco asked. Finally! I thought, having been ready to kick him again.“Where’re your parents?” Harry asked. I could feel his temper rising the more Draco talked so relaxedly. “Out there wearing masks, are they?”“Well... if they were, I wouldn't be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?”“Oh come on,” Hermione said, shooting Draco a disgusted look, “let's go and find the others.”“Keep that big bushy head down, Granger,” Draco sneered.“Come on,” Hermione repeated, pulling Harry and Ron up the path with surprising strength.I kicked Draco once more.“Stop kicking me!” he finally snapped.“Oh, just reminding you not to curse so horribly at terrified people next time,” I said lightly.Draco grumbled softly to himself.As more wizards ran into the woods, I closed my eyes and leaned my back comfortably against the tree.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  Harry, Ron, and Hermione were walking down the path when they came across packs of people on the path, all looking over their shoulders nervously toward the commotion at the campsite. A huddle of teenagers in pajamas were arguing vociferously a little way along the path. When they saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione; a girl with thick curly hair turned and said quickly, “Où est Madame Maxime? Nous l'avons perdue –”

   “Er – what?” Ron asked.

   “Oh...” The girl who spoke turned her back on them, and as they walked on they distinctly heard her say, “'Ogwarts.”

   “Beauxbatons,” Hermione muttered to Harry and Ron.

   “Sorry?” said Harry.

   “They must go to Beauxbatons,” she said. “You know... Beauxbatons Academy of Magic... I read about it in 
  
    An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe
  
  .”

   “Oh... yeah... right,” Harry said, not really understanding what she said.

   “Fred and George can't have gone that far,” Ron said, pulling out his wand and lighting it to squint up the path. Harry dug around in the pockets of his jacket, but his eyes went wide and he checked them more fervently.

   “Ah, no, I don't believe it... I've lost my wand!”

   “You're kidding!”

   Ron and Hermione raised their wands higher to spread the narrow beams of light father on the ground. Harry looked everywhere around him, but couldn't see where his wand had gone.

   “Maybe it's back in the tent,” Ron said.

   “Maybe it fell out of your pocket when we were running?” Hermione suggested.

   “Yeah, maybe...” Harry said uncertainly.

   A rustling noise nearby made all three of them jump. A house-elf wearing a tea towel was fighting her way out of a clump of bushes nearby. She was moving in a peculiar fashion with strained difficulty, an invisible someone trying to hold her back. Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't know there was an invisible person, the break in the air unnoticed.

   “There is bad wizards about!” she squeaked distractedly as she leaned forward, laboring to keep running. “People high – high in the air! Winky is getting out of the way!”

   The elf named Winky disappeared into the trees on the other side of the path, panting and squeaking as she fought hard against the force restraining her.

   “What's up with her?” Ron asked, looking after her curiously. “Why can't she run properly?”

   “Bet she didn't ask permission to hide,” Harry said.

   “You know, house-elves get a very raw deal!” Hermione said indignantly. “It's slavery, that's what it is! That Mr. Crouch made her go up to the top of the stadium, and she was terrified, and he's got her bewitched so she can't even run when they start trampling tents! Why doesn't anyone do something about it?”

   “Well, the elves are happy, aren't they?” Ron said indifferently. “You heard old Winky back at the match... 'House-elves is not supposed to have fun'... that's what she likes, being bossed around....”

   Hermione was hot with fury at him, “It's people like you, Ron, who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just because they're too lazy to –”

   Another loud bang echoed from the edge of the woods. Ron seemed glad it cut her off.

   “Let's just keep moving, shall we?” Ron said, glancing edgily at Hermione.

   They followed the dark path deeper into the woods. They passed a group of goblins who were cackling over a sack of gold that they won betting on the match, and who didn’t notice what horrors were going on at the campsite. Farther along the path, they walked into a path of silvery light and looked through the trees to see three tall and beautiful veela standing in a clearing, surrounded by a gaggle of young wizards, all of whom talked to them rather loudly.

   “I pull down about a hundred sacks of Galleons a year!” one shouted. “I'm a dragon killer for the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures.”

   “No, you're not!” his friend yelled. “You're a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron.... but I'm a vampire hunter, I've killed about ninety so far –”

   A third young wizard, with pimples strongly visible in the light of the veela, cut in, “I'm about to become the youngest ever Minister of Magic, I am.”

   Harry snorted with laughter, recognizing the young man, and turned to Ron to say something. Ron's face, however, had gone oddly slack and in the next second he yelled out, “Did I tell you I've invented a broomstick that'll reach Jupiter?”

   “Honestly!” Hermione said. She and Harry grabbed Ron firmly by the arms and dragged him away. By the time the sounds of the veela and their admirers faded away, they were in the heart of the woods and Ron had gotten control of himself again. They seemed to be alone now, everything being much quieter.

   Harry looked around, “I reckon we can just wait here, you know. We'll hear anyone coming a mile off.”

   The words barely came out of his mouth when Ludo Bagman emerged from a tree just ahead of them. There was a great change in the man's demeanor. He was no longer an excited child-like man with a rosy face. He looked white and strained.

   “Who's that?” he asked, squinting and blinking at them to make out their faces. “What are you doing in here, all alone?”

   They looked at each other in surprise.

   “Well – there's a sort of riot going on,” Ron said.

   Ludo stared at him in shock, “What?”

   “At the campsite... some people have got hold of a family of Muggles....”

   Ludo swore loudly, looking distracted, “Damn them!” Without another word, he Disapparated.

   “Not exactly on top of things, Mr. Bagman, is he?” Hermione asked with a frown.

   “He was a great Beater, though,” Ron said, leading the way off the path into a small clearing and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of the tree. “The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while he was with them.”

   He took a small figure of Viktor Krum out of his pocket, set it down on the ground, and watched it walk around. Like Viktor Krum, the model was slightly duck-footed and round-shouldered, much less of an impressive person on his feet than on a broom.

   After a while, Hermione said, “I hope the others are okay.”

   “They'll be fine,” Ron said.

   “Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy,” Harry said, sitting down next to Ron and watching the figure of Viktor slouch over the fallen leaves. “He's always said he'd like to get something on him.”

   “That'd wipe the smirk off old Draco's face, all right.”

   “Those poor Muggles, though,” Hermione said nervously. “What if they can't get them down?”

   “They will,” Ron told her reassuringly. “They'll find a way.”

   “Mad, though, to do something like that when the whole Ministry of Magic's out here tonight! I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? Do you think they've been drinking, or are they just –”

   She broke off abruptly and looked over her shoulder, Harry and Ron looked quickly around too. Some number of feet away, Winky the house-elf fell over and a man threw an Invisibility Cloak off of himself. He had straw-colored hair, and sported a crazed look on his face – he hushed Winky and took out a wand.

   Not one of them could see what was happening.

   “Hello?” Harry called out.

   The man glanced at him and then back up at the sky, a mad grin lingering on his face.

   “Who's there?”

   The man shot the wand into the air and shouted, “
  
    Morsmordre!
  
  ”

   Something vast, green, and glittering erupted from the wand, flying above the treetops into the sky.

   “What the –” Ron gasped, springing to his feet, staring up at what had appeared.

   It was a large emerald skull with a serpent protruding from the mouth like a tongue. It rose higher and higher, blazing in a haze of greenish smoke.

   The woods all around them erupted with screams and Winky threw the Invisibility Cloak over the man and hugged around where his legs were. She snapped her fingers and the wand appeared in her hand, she strained against the movement of the man attempting to escape.

   “Let me go, Winky,” the man hissed softly. “I — must — 
  
    return
  
   to him.”

   Winky gave no response but to hold him there as long as possible.

   “Who's there?” Harry called out again, beginning to walk in the direction of the shout.

   “Harry, come on, 
  
    move
  
  !” Hermione yelled, seizing the collar of his shirt and dragging him backward.

   “What's the matter?” Harry asked in surprise, looking at the terrified look on her face.

   “It's the Dark Mark, Harry! You-Know-Who's sign!”

   “Voldemort's –?”

   “Harry, come on!”

   Ron hurriedly scooped up his Viktor Krum figure and the three of them started to cross the clearing, but before they even took a few hurried steps, there were a series of popping noises all around them.

   Harry whirled around, noticing all the wands that were pointing at them, and unhesitatingly yelled, “Duck!” He seized Ron and Hermione and pulled them down to the ground with him.

   “Stupefy!” twenty voices roared. The spells went over the three of them, but quite a number hit Winky and the unknown man. They fell over with a thud that no one heard over the shouting of many more spells.

   “Stop!” a voice yelled. It was Arthur Weasley. “Stop! That's my son!”

   Harry rolled over as Arthur Weasley strode toward them, looking terrified. “Ron – Harry – Hermione – are you all right?” His voice sounded shaky.

   “Out of the way, Arthur,” a cold, curt voice said. It was Barty Crouch. He and other Ministry wizards closed in on them. Mr. Crouch's face was contorted with rage. “Which of you did it? Which of you conjured the Dark Mark?”

   “We didn't do that!” Harry said, gesturing up at the Mark.

   “We didn't do anything!” Ron said indignantly, looking at his father and rubbing his elbow. “What did you want to attack us for?”

   “Do not lie, sir!” Mr. Crouch shouted, his wand pointed directly at Ron. His eyes looked as if they wanted to pop out of his head, and he looked as mad as the man who really cast the spell not too far away. “You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!”

   “Barty,” a witch whispered, wearing a long woolen dressing gown, “they're kids, Barty, they'd never have been able to –”

   “Where did the Mark come from, you three?” Mr. Weasley said quickly.

   “Over there,” Hermione pointed at the clearing, her voice shaky. “There was someone behind the trees... they shouted words – an incantation –”

   Mr. Crouch didn't hide his disbelief, “Oh, stood over there, did they? Said an incantation, did they? You seem very well informed about how that Mark is summoned, missy –”

   Mr. Crouch was the only Ministry member who seemed to think it was them. The other Ministry members now pointed their wands in the direction Hermione had indicated, all squinting through the trees.

   “We're too late,” the same witch said. “They'll have Disapparated.”

   “I don't think so,” said a wizard with a scrubby brown beard. “Our stunners went right through those trees.... There's a good chance we got them....”

   “Amos, be careful!” a few wizards told him warningly. Amos squared his shoulders, raised his wand, marched through the clearing, and disappeared from their view into the darkness. He made his way to where Winky was laying stunned, not noticing the invisible body next to her.

   “Yes! We got them! There's someone here! Unconscious! It's – but – blimey...”

   “You've got someone?” Mr. Crouch shouted in disbelief. “Who? Who is it?”

   Amos picked Winky up, taking the wand out of her hand and walked back to the crowd of wizards. When everyone saw who it was, Mr. Crouch didn't move or speak as Amos deposited Winky on the ground at his feet. The other Ministry wizards stared at Mr. Crouch who – for a few seconds – remained there, staring transfixed at his house-elf. He suddenly seemed to come to life again.

   “This – cannot – be. No –” he said jerkily, moving quickly around Amos and striding off toward the place where Winky had been found.

   “No point, Mr. Crouch,” Amos called after him. “There's no one else there.”

   Mr. Crouch bent down and poked around until he found the invisible man. He took the Invisibility Cloak off to reveal his face and his own became ghostly white, his mustache started twitching. “Damn it, why did it have to be now?” he muttered to the stunned young man.

   “Bit embarrassing,” Amos said grimly in the background. “Barty Crouch's house-elf... I mean to say...”

   “Come off it, Amos,” Arthur said quietly, “you don't seriously think it was the elf? The Dark Mark's a wizard's sign. It requires a wand.”

   “Yeah,” Amos said, “and she had a wand.”

   “What?” Arthur asked.

   “Here, look.” Amos held up the wand to show it to Arthur. “Had it in her hand. So that's clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken, for a start. No non-human creature is permitted to carry or use a wand.”

   Mr. Crouch threw the Invisibility Cloak over his son again, and started walking back, his hands twitching as well.

   A pop sounded. “The Dark Mark!” the man panted. It was Ludo's voice. “Who did it? Did you catch them? Barty! What's going on?”

   Mr. Crouch had arrived into the clearing once more.

   “Where have you been, Barty?” Ludo asked. “Why weren't you at the match? Your elf was saving you a seat too – gulping gargoyles!” He had just noticed Winky lying at his feet. “What happened to her?”

   “I have been busy, Ludo,” Mr. Crouch said, barely moving his lips but talking in the same jerky fashion. “And my elf has been stunned.”

   “Stunned? By you lot, you mean? But why –?”

   Comprehension suddenly dawned on his face. He looked from the Mark to Winky and then to Mr. Crouch.

   “No! Winky? Conjure the Dark Mark? She wouldn't know how! She'd need a wand, for a start!”

   “And she had one,” Amos said. “I found her holding one, Ludo. If it's all right with you, Mr. Crouch, I think we should hear what she's got to say for herself.”

   Mr. Crouch didn't look as though he'd heard Amos, who merely took it as a yes.

   He raised his wand, pointed it at Winky, and said, “
  
    Ennervate!
  
  ”

   Winky slowly stirred, her great brown eyes opened and she blinked several times, not yet noticing everyone around her. She raised herself shakily into a sitting position. She first caught sight of Amos's feet, and slowly, tremulously, raised her eyes up to stare into his face. Even more slowly, she looked up into the sky and gave a gasp, looking around the crowded clearing, and burst into terrified sobs.

   “Elf!” Amos said sternly. “Do you know who I am? I'm a member of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures!”

   She began to rock backward and forward on the ground, her breath coming in sharp bursts.

   “As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was conjured here a short while ago. And you were discovered moments later, right beneath it! An explanation, if you please!”

   “I – I – I is not doing it, sir!” she gasped in terror. “I is not knowing how, sir!”

   “You were found with a wand in your hand!” Amos barked, brandishing it in front of her.

   “Hey –“ Harry said suddenly as he stared at the wand “— that’s mine!”

   “Excuse me?” Amos asked incredulously.

   “That's my wand! I dropped it!”

   “You dropped it?” Amos repeated in disbelief. “Is this a confession? You threw it aside after you conjured the Mark?”

   Arthur angrily told him, “Amos, think who you're talking to! Is Harry Potter likely to conjure the Dark Mark?”

   “Er – of course not,” Amos mumbled in embarrassment. “Sorry... carried away...”

   “I didn't drop it there, anyway,” Harry said, jerking his thumb toward the clearing where the Mark was cast. “I missed it right after we got into the woods.”

   “So,” Amos said, turning to Winky again. “You found this wand, eh, elf? And you picked it up and thought you'd have some fun with it, did you?”

   “I is not doing magic with it, sir!” Winky squealed, in tears. “I is... I is... I is just picking it up, sir! I is not making the Dark Mark, sir, I is not knowing how!”

   “It wasn't her!” Hermione said, nervous but determined. “Winky's got a squeaky little voice, and the voice we heard doing the incantation was much deeper!” She looked to Harry and Ron for some support. “It didn't sound anything like Winky, did it?”

   “No,” Harry said, shaking his head. “It didn't sound like an elf.”

   “Yeah, it was a human voice,” Ron said.

   Amos looked as though he was losing all the evidence he needed, so he growled, “Well, we'll soon see. There's a simple way of discovering the last spell a wand performed, elf, did you know that?”

   Winky trembled and shook her head as Amos raised his own wand and placed it tip to tip with Harry's.

   “
  
    Prior Incantato!
  
  ” he roared.

   Hermione gasped in horror as a gigantic serpent-tongued skull erupted from the point where the two wands met, but it was just a mere shadow of the one in the sky.

   “
  
    Deletrius!
  
  ” Amos shouted, and the skull vanished. “So,” he said with a kind of savage triumph.

   “I is not doing it!” Winky squealed, absolutely terrified. “I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how! I is a good elf, I isn't using wands, I isn't knowing how!”

   “You've been caught red-handed elf!” Amos roared quite madly. “Caught with the guilty wand in your hand!”

   “Amos,” Arthur said loudly, “think about it... precious few wizards know how to do that spell.... Where would she have learned it?”

   “Perhaps Amos is suggesting,” Mr. Crouch said slowly, cold anger in every syllable, “that I routinely teach my servants to conjure the Dark Mark?”

   The silence was that of horrid shock from Amos. “Mr. Crouch... not... not at all...”

   “You have now come very close to accusing the two people in this clearing who are least likely to conjure that Mark!” Mr. Crouch barked, still very furiously angry at Amos. “Harry Potter – and myself! I suppose you are familiar with the boy's story, Amos?”

   Amos was highly discomforted by this, “Of course – everyone knows –”

   “And I trust you remember the many proofs I have given, over a long career, that I despise and detest the Dark Arts and those who practice them?” Mr. Crouch shouted, his eyes bulging once again.

   “Mr. Crouch, I – I never suggested you had anything to do with it!”

   “If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Diggory! Where else would she have learned to conjure it?”

   “She – she might've picked it up anywhere –”

   “Precisely, Amos,” Arthur said. “She might have picked it up anywhere.... Winky?” he said kindly; she flinched as if he'd shouted at her. “Where exactly did you find Harry's wand?”

   She was twisting the hem of her tea towel so violently that it was fraying beneath her fingers.

   “I – I is finding it... finding it there, sir....” she whispered, “there... in the trees, sir....”

   “You see, Amos?” Arthur asked him. “Whoever conjured the Mark could have Disapparated right after they'd done it, leaving Harry's wand behind. A clever thing to do, not using their own wand, which could have betrayed them. And Winky here had the misfortune to come across the wand moments later and pick it up.”

   “But then, she'd have been only a few feet away from the real culprit!” Amos said impatiently. “Elf? Did you see anyone?”

   Winky trembled worse than before. Her eyes flickered from Amos, to Ludo, and then to Mr. Crouch. She gulped and said, “I is seeing no one, sir... no one...”

   “Amos,” Mr. Crouch said curtly, seeming to be back to his normal self again. “I am fully aware that, in the ordinary course of events, you would want to take Winky into your department for questioning. I ask you, however, to allow me to deal with her.”

   Amos didn't seem to think much of the suggestion at all.

   “You may rest assured that she will be punished,” Mr. Crouch added coldly.

   “M-m-master...” Winky stammered, looking up at him with tear-filled eyes. “M-m-master, p-p-please...”

   He stared back at her with no pity. “Winky has behaved tonight in a manner I would not have believed possible. I told her to remain in the tent. I told her to stay there while I went to sort out the trouble. And I find that she disobeyed me. This means clothes.”

   “No!” Winky shrieked, prostrating herself at his feet. “No, master! Not clothes, not clothes!” Poor Winky was in tears at the thought of being fired.

   Hermione was angry. “But she was frightened! Your elf's scared of heights, and those wizards in masks were levitating people! You can't blame her for wanting to get out of their way!”

   Mr. Crouch took a step backward from poor Winky and gave the poor elf a look that seemed to make one believe she was the lowest filth he'd ever seen. He looked over Hermione and said coldly, “I have no use for a house-elf who disobeys me. I have no use for a servant who forgets what is due to her master, and to her master's reputation.”

   Winky's sobs echoed around the clearing.
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Mel — Melody — Melody, wake up already!”I was shaken awake so vigorously that I threw my hand out and punched whoever was shaking me awake. “Wha –? Oh... sorry, Draco,” I said sheepishly. Draco was rubbing his chin as I sat up.“It's okay... good thing you only got my chin,” he said, rubbing his mouth.I looked up to see the Malfoys standing behind Draco with panicked expressions.“Come, let's go!” Lucius said impatiently, helping me up. “Get up, Melody, we need to leave immediately!”“Why?” I asked, rubbing my eyes. Afraid of the Dark Mark much? I thought, turning to look into the sky to validate the vision I saw.Narcissa grabbed onto my arm and Disapparated. We were suddenly back in front of Malfoy Manor.“You may stay here for the night,” Lucius said shakily. “You can go back home tomorrow when you wake up.”As Draco and Narcissa walked up to the door, I took the chance to glare at Lucius. He gave a visible gulp.
  I don’t want it to be this way, but if the unknown man in my vision was Barty Crouch Jr…. if I don’t tell dad the truth about tonight’s events — something the Daily Prophet would know nothing about — then he will when they retrieve him. Then 
  
    my
  
   authenticity will be in question. The Dark Mark was cast, and his supposedly loyal Death Eaters fled instead of investigating into who cast it… he could have possibly been released from his father’s clutches if they had thought to look into it.
Draco and Narcissa got the door open and turned to look at us.“You coming in?” Draco asked. “You can go right back to sleep.”“I’m.. not too tired anymore, thanks Draco. You can go ahead though… I.. think I may just talk to your dad about what I should explain to my mom in the morning.”Draco actually flinched, “Good point.”“Ha ha,” I sarcastically replied.They continued in, leaving the door open for Lucius and I to follow.I cut him off by pulling my wand out, and using it to close the door. His face paled dramatically.“Why did we just flee from the Dark Mark?” I asked heatedly.He was speechless. “M – Melody, it – it – it was –”I crossed my arms. “He won't like it, you know. To hear that a trusted Death Eater of his put it into the air, and the others that used to follow him fled in fear of it! No one thought to find who cast it… whoever it was may have needed your assistance and you ignored it. Imagine when he asks me about it –”“No, Melody, I –” he attempted interjecting. He paused, unable to think of anything to say in defense.I raised an eyebrow at him. “Thought so...” I said softly. I then walked to the front door, opened it, and proceeded to wander around the house in search of my room. Only to get utterly lost as I pondered my new vision… and realized that I didn’t feel sick after Disapparating like normal. Curious.
  
    Chapter Text
    I awoke early the next morning to the sound of shrill yelling.“Where is my daughter, Lucius?”Mom? I sat bolt upright in realization. What happened last night must’ve made it to the Daily Prophet this morning.“I don’t care if she’s sleeping, she’s coming home with me right now! —— Don’t ‘Orele’ me, Lucius. I know you must’ve been a part of the idiocy that occurred last night! How dare you subject Melody to that! Ruin your son if you must, but not her!”I thrust the covers off of me and sprinted out of the room, deciding my best plan of action was to follow the sound of her voice. Luckily for me, mom’s screaming woke Draco up as well, so he burst out of his room at the same time I did.One shared look, and we nodded to each other. He grabbed my hand and led me to the stairs, jumping two steps at a time to make it to the bottom quicker.“Shut up, Lucy! —- Yes, I said Lucy! My God, I can’t believe I trusted you to be a responsible, sane adult! —- There is no understanding here! You are a grown man with a son looking up to you to be a role model, and here you are showing him how to continue being a child!”When we finally made it to the room, I was ready to throw the door open but… Draco held his arm out.“Wait..” he whispered.Mom’s voice had lowered significantly, leaving us to put our ears up to the door. “You must know who her father was without me needing to confirm it,” she gave a heavy sigh. “Don’t let that also be her path. I walked away from that for a reason.”“You haven’t even let me explain about the events of last night. I —” Lucius started to say.“I don’t need you to to know that everything you say is a lie,” mom snapped. “It’s been a long time, but I haven’t lost my memory. You’ll do anything you can to talk your way out of trouble, but it’s not going to work on me. Tom and I —”I quickly shouldered my way past Draco, opening the door and hurrying into the room. As soon as I took a few steps in, I was suddenly being smothered in a hug.“Mom!” I mumbled into her shirt. “I'm suffocating!”She let go of me, her eyes glistening as though she were ready to burst into tears. The Daily Prophet was in her hand.“I’m fine,” I told her soothingly, “the Deatheaters didn't go after us. I stood around in the woods with Draco while Lucius and Narcissa helped get everyone down safe and sound.”The look of confusion on her face made my stomach churn. She knows Lucius had to have been a part of it, but in order to get the truth about my dad out of her the right way I don’t want her to think I’d allowed any part of it. Otherwise, I’ll be hearing a whole lecture back at home about how I should’ve demanded them to take me home before causing mayhem.“We were all in the tent when the fires started…” I glanced at Draco and Lucius as I explained. Lucius’s shoulders seemed to relax, and Draco leaned in the doorframe listening intently. “While Mr. Malfoy left to go deal with the chaos, Mrs. Malfoy took Draco and I into the forest to hide out. They kept us safe.”The doubt in her eyes was clear as day. However, her resolve seemed to soften as she stared at me and she gave an affirming nod. “Okay, honey… now, please go get dressed. It’s time for us to go home.Relief. I nodded.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛When we walked into the house, mom caught me in a hug again once she closed the door behind us. My arms were stuck to my sides.“Oh, calm down, Orele!” Gerald said, walking into the kitchen. “Look at her, she's all right, I don't see a scratch on her!”Turning her head around to glare at him, she told him hotly, “I was terrified Gerald! You would be too if Melody was your daughter, you daft –”“You have two other mistakes in this house. What’s the real worry about mistake number one?” he asked.“Wait. Two —?” I started to ask what Uncle Gerald meant about ‘two’ other mistakes, but I was already forgotten.Mom let go of me and charged at him. He laughed as he ran away from her to the living room. “I'll get you for that!” she shouted angrily.A deep, boisterous laugh sounded in the living room… and it didn’t belong to either my mom or my uncle. Grandpa never laughed like that. Grandma definitely never sounded like that. Blake is too young for such a grown up voice…… At the same time it sounded alien, it also had a touch of nostalgia to crawl across my skin.Why does that voice sound familiar…”I slowly walked through the kitchen to the living room entrance, and was met with a sight that threw me way off guard.A man and a boy stood in the living room. The man was short, with balding brown hair and a stomach that poked out slightly under his white shirt. The little boy, who stayed as close as possible to the man, had curly brown hair and silvery gray eyes. Ollivander eyes… that can only mean…!“What the…?” I said in barely more than a whisper. “Dad?”The man named Jim — the very one that had helped mom raise me for ten years of my life in the United States — turned from the squabbling siblings to look at me, and his mouth dropped open in awe. “M-Melody? Is that really you?” It seemed as though he were about to burst into tears, his brown eyes growing ecstatic. He jogged toward me and engulfed me in his signature bear hug, “God, how long has it been? You’ve grown so much!”The long ago familiar scent of fresh paper wafted over me in waves, recalling how I had often visited him at the local newspaper office he worked at back in Colorado. I mostly went there just to breathe in the refreshing smell.I buried my face in the crook of his neck, unsure what to think of this reunion. As overwhelmed with joy as I was, there was also a pit of worry in my stomach. Why is he here? I thought mom erased his memory? What’s going on? Why was I not warned about this before coming home?!Jim released me, “You’re fourteen, right? God, you’re already such a beautiful young woman.”Despite my mind warring with itself, I grinned. “Thanks, dad…… um.. not to complain, because I missed you a lot, but why are you here? How are you here?”He bopped my nose lightly with his finger. I didn’t miss that. “Silly, I bought plane tickets and flew us over here to see my two favorite girls!”I snorted, as literal as always. “Okay, okay, I’m not that dumb. I mean…. Mom, you know what I mean.”When we both turned to mom, she froze mid-punch, allowing Gerald to quickly speed away up the stairs. Crossing her arms over her chest, and clearing her throat, she smiled innocently, “I was sort of hoping we wouldn’t have to discuss that.”“Mom!” I exclaimed, eyes wide. “If ever there were an elephant in the room to address, it’d be this!”Jim stared between us in confusion. “What?”Mom sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose in thought. “I don’t know what’s going on. I hadn’t expected this to happen. They only just arrived yesterday.”“What don’t you know is going on?” Jim asked.Dropping both her hands to her side, mom looked at him solemnly. “Before I left three years ago, I erased your memory of us. Yours and everyone else’s that knew us at that point in time.”Jim looked down at his feet as though thinking hard about something.“The question is,” mom continued, “how you gained your memory back without prompting from another witch or wizard?”I couldn’t help myself. “The other question is how you found out where we live after regaining your memory back, unless mom gave you an address before —”“I think…” Jim said softly, looking up at the both of us. “I think it was our son.”“What do you mean?” I asked, looking down at the little boy who only retreated further behind Jim. Despite this, he continued staring at me with mild interest.“I’m not sure. It’s all a blur now. One second, I was getting him ready for a playdate, and next thing I knew… Orele, I was reliving the day you explained everything to me.”Mom stared between the two of them. “When I explained where we were going, and about us being witches… before I erased your memory?”Jim nodded, then turned to look at me. “Due to that, I knew you’d be somewhere in London. All I had to do was catch a plane here, and then search the phone books for Ollivander.” He turned back to mom, giving a ridiculous grin that made her smile. “Thank God you told me your last name before erasing my memory, huh, Orele?”She nodded, her eyes watering up as she obviously fought to hold back tears, “Yes.”“Okay!” I said loudly. “Glad you’re taking this weird news so well, Jim. Now…” I looked at the little boy, and bent down on my knees. All he could do was stare at me warily, “Hi. I’m Melody… what’s your name?”He turned away from me, the fascination with staring at me over with.Jim chuckled, “That’s Nick. He’s a shy one.” He patted Nick softly on the shoulder, “Nick, say hi to your older sister, Melody.”The boy merely buried his face into Jim’s leg.I rubbed my arms as I pushed myself to my feet. “It’s okay,” I told Nick, waiting until he looked up at me to wink. “I wouldn’t trust me either.”Nick raised his eyebrows silently.“So,” I looked at Jim, “how have you both been enjoying your stay here? I take it you slept over last night?” I glanced pointedly at their matching, blue plaid pajama pants.Jim chuckled appreciatively, “We're loving it so far. I never even knew Orele had a brother, and yet here she is fighting with him as if they were both still children.”“Think of the shock for me,” I mumbled softly, stuffing my hands into my pockets. “Imagine this. First it's: Melody, you're a witch. Second, it is: Oh, Jim isn't your real father. Third: You are the granddaughter of the infamous wandmaker, Garrick Ollivander — And the list just continued on!”Jim laughed at each point I made. He seemed to contemplate what to respond for about a minute before, “You've changed quite a bit from the young girl I loved...”I looked at him with an eyebrow raised. “Really?”He pointed at mom, “She’s shown me all the grades you've gotten over the years, and these saved letters from a Professor Snape about this tutoring program you're in... that you're the youngest to join it, and will finish school earlier than the other students.”I shrugged, “It’s no big deal. It would have eventually been the same way in regular schooling.”“Are you kidding? It's a big deal! You – you didn't –”“I didn't participate as much in Muggle school... I've noticed,” I said. “Wizard schooling feels… more homely.”He gave a proud smile, “And you help your grandfather out at the whosie whatsit shop?”I chuckled, “Wand shop, dad. Wands are not an unknown object in so-called Muggle ‘fantasies.’” Just the thought of the shop made me remember the money burning a hole in my pocket, “Speaking of that... I met an incoming first year in the robe shop two days ago, and gave her her wand. Her name is Lissy, and she lives in a Muggle orphanage... I wanted to adopt her.”He didn’t bother hiding his surprise, both eyes widening.“Mom said she'd have to think about it because we don't have any Muggle money — Muggle is another name for non magical people — but my friend's dad got Muggle money for the event we just went to, since it was on Muggle land. He told his dad about my little situation and gave me all the Muggle money he had left... I just don't know how much adoption is.”“I’m sure we can find out,” mom said. I nearly forgot she was standing there, she’d been silent for most of the conversation. “How much did Lucius give you?”I took the money out of my bag and said, “Eh, about two hundred.”“Well then,” she said. “I’ll take the money, and I promise I’ll think about it.”I nodded, hopeful for the chance that she would go through with it. “I can work with that.”“By the way,” Jim said as mom picked up the Muggle money and pocketed it. “This friend you're talking about... is he this boyfriend Gerald's told me about? When do I get to meet him?”My face burned as I pointedly glared upstairs, I’m going to strangle him. “Um... no,” I said with a small laugh. “Draco is just my friend. Marcus is in France for the summer with his family. So you can't meet him just yet.”“Aw, shoot,” Jim said comically. “I was so looking forward to it.”Mom laughed while I buried my face in my hands.A poof came from the fireplace and, just as I fully turned around, I was toppled over backwards to the floor with Becky on top of me. “Hey, geroff!” I mumbled.“Hello Becky. Long time no see,” mom said humorously.Becky took her weight off of me to look me in the face with her Cheshire-like grin. “I thought you might be dead!” she shouted, causing my eardrums to ring.“I'm not dead, and I'm not deaf either! Now get off!” I said.“Why?” she asked, looking as though she was going to give her 'you hurt me' charade.“So I can hug you properly,” I said with a smile. She got off, helping me up to my feet, and I wrapped my arms tightly around her. “Nice to see you again – oh, and I got something for you at the World Cup.”She let go of me to jump up and down excitedly. “Ooh, what is it, what is it, what is it?”I reached into my bag and took out the scarf. The lion roared and Nick's eyes widened. He wasn't afraid, but rather looked at it interestedly. “A Bulgarian scarf,” I said, handing it to her. “Though I suppose some men would've preferred the veela, I thought the lion was a good touch.”She captured me in a strangling hug, “Thank you!…. What did you get for Marcus?”“A mini Firebolt,” I said, taking out the two Firebolt models and holding them in my hand. They floated on my palm and Nick watched those two.“Is the other Firebolt for you?” she asked.“Nope,” I said simply, pocketing them. I pointed to Jim and Nick, “Becky, this is my — um — my dad Jim, and my brother Nick. They came all the way here from the United States… Jim, Nick, this is Becky. My number one insane friend.”“Nice to meet you,” Jim said, bowing his head forward slightly.“Oooh, I've heard so much about you!” she exclaimed giddily. Her bubbly personality made even Nick smile, and she looked to be on the verge of saying something to him when I slapped my hand over her mouth.“We'll be upstairs if you need us... I have yet to say hello to other people who have probably missed me.” I then grabbed Becky by the arm and dragged her upstairs.“Why didn't you tell me your stepfather and little brother were coming to visit?” she asked curiously.I took a peek in Blake's room – he was fast asleep so I continued on to my room where Bodoujn sat on the bed and meowed when I came in. I sat next to him and pet his head, “That's just it... I didn't know they were coming. They were here when mom brought me home… I’m honestly not exactly sure how to process it.”Becky shrugged, taking a seat next to me. “How about you tell me everything about the Quidditch World Cup to briefly take your mind off of it?”I obliged, proceeding to tell her everything had happened plus the lie I told mom about Lucius going to stop the Deatheaters. For the most part, Becky reacted with the occasional oohs and ahhs, but she really couldn't help her burst of laughter at hearing that Draco accidentally knocked a tree over. For a while, she’d laugh in the middle of while I was talking just because the image made it impossible for her to concentrate on the rest of the story.“At least you can’t say any of it was boring,” she said, wrapping her scarf loosely around her neck. “This scarf is nice!”I laughed. “Oh, and I almost forgot –.” I immediately delved into the story about the other day with Lissy and Miss Roachers.Becky was aghast to hear about the woman's rudeness toward me... and surprisingly, my threats toward her. “Never threaten someone!” she said.“Why not? You do it all the time,” I said, raising an eyebrow at her.“But... I've never heard you threaten anyone before!”“On the contrary! Remember last year when everyone stared at me after we had that fight with Draco, and I threatened to hex them? Marcus has never let me forget it.” I said.“That... that was different,” she said.“Maybe it was,” I amended, “because if they hadn't stopped staring at me I probably would have hexed them all... besides Becky, what Miss Roachers doesn't know won't hurt her. She deserved it if you ask me. If you had a one-on-one talk with her you'd be wanting to threaten her, too.”“So... you might adopt Lissy?” she asked.I nodded, “I certainly don't want to leave her in the care of that woman for much longer... and I do want to send her a few birthday presents…”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛That night, I lay awake in bed staring at the ceiling. I hadn’t read it yet, but since the Daily Prophet obviously explained the event, I knew dad would likely send Peter to retrieve me. The only question was when.Creeeaak.I repressed the urge to groan. If anybody in the house had been a light sleeper, especially mom, Peter would’ve been dead for real.Sitting up, I looked into the man’s watery, terrified eyes.“Close and lock the door,” I said, turning over to open up the window by my bed. If I remembered correctly, Jim always woke up super early. I had no time for him to catch me out of the house after hours, he would tell mom about it in a heartbeat.Peter locked the door and scuttled over to my bed, paling when he glanced out my window. “Are you sure about this?”“My mother has nosy guests that wake up early,” I snapped irritably, causing the man to flinch. “I’ve no time for them to catch me out of bed, let alone being out of the house. Besides, there’s a bit of roof that we can stand on — after you.”Once Peter squeezed out my window, I nimbly followed suit, and he quickly Disapparated to Riddle House. I fought my queasiness as we walked in — extremely disappointed that it wasn’t gone as I thought it was the night before — until it went away as I entered his room.“Melody,” dad said with a grin as I walked up next to him. “How was it?”“Did you find out about what happened?” I asked, putting as much anger into it as I could muster. Peter was so frightened at my temper that he tried to edge out of the room.He studied me for a second before shouting, “Wormtail!”Peter jumped, having been so close. “Y-Yes, master?” he asked.“Give Melody the Daily Prophet that just came out this morning,” he commanded.“Yes, milord! Right away, milord!” Peter said, grabbing a newspaper off of a nightstand and shuffling over to me. He knelt down on the ground and bowed his head to look at my feet as he held the newspaper above his head.I took it and Peter scurried away. The headline read: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP, complete with the black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark.A skim told me exactly what I expected. “It doesn't explain how the Deatheaters all positively fled when they saw it!”Dad looked murderous, which made his form look even scarier. Like an intimidating baby.I continued, “The Malfoys grabbed me and their son, and Disapparated home as fast as they could! The other Deatheaters left long before that!”“I will deal with them later.. when I’m stronger…” dad said, his anger unmistakable. Wormtail whimpered to himself, afraid that his fury would turn on him. “But something is amiss... who conjured it? I can't imagine that you would know.”“Actually, I do know,” I said, kneeling down on the floor beside him. “I had my first vision as the Deatheaters played around with Mudbloods… only it was less of a vision than it was me following somebody else…. I saw Barty Crouch Jr. He fought the Imperius Curse his father put him under, and conjured the Dark Mark to show his loyalty to you. No one saw him, but he'll be back under his father’s Imperius Curse by now. His house-elf will have been fired after that fiasco, and it will just be those two left at the house.”Dad grinned maliciously, “Excellent news, Melody… this is perfect. Everything is finally falling into place…… Thank you. Go home for now. You will see Barty at Hogwarts under the disguise of Moody – ah, don't worry, I'll be fine.”I nodded with a reluctant gaze, “Okay, dad… I.. I can’t wait for you to return to your former glory.”His own eyes seemed to soften as he looked at me, “Me too.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  
    Author’s Note: Don’t mind me. This is just going to be a note where I criticize my sixteen year old mind frame that wouldn’t have been able to withstand it. This chapter is VERY different from its original format and, as many of you never saw my original run through, you might not believe the ridiculousness of the previous process xD.
  

  
     The beginning of the chapter used to be that she woke up and went immediately from Malfoy Manor to Riddle House by Floo network… it’s now that I’m older that I realized the Floo network is practically like a phone service. If you don’t pay for it, you don’t have it, and as such we all know Voldemort is not going to pay for a chimney service when he doesn’t want people to find him. Plus she used the Floo network to get back to the Ollivander Home in both this chapter and the first chapter. Sooo all of that needed to be cut xD.
  

  
     For Jim coming back into Melody’s life, I first had it where she found him at the Quidditch World Cup which…. come on, what are the odds of that?? He’s searching all over Great Britain for them, and somehow comes across a huge Quidditch pitch with tents all around and his stepdaughter at the edge of all of it. Yeah. Right.
  

  
     Last but not least, Orele WAITING (-_-) for Melody to get home after reading about what happened at the Quidditch World Cup. I like my updated version a WHOLE LOT better, because that’s the reaction of a sane mother. Remember what your old friend used to be into, guess immediately what must’ve happened, and go get your daughter from them before they rub off on her. I just LOVED writing her blow up at Lucius, so that had been fun.
  

  
     That’s all… thanks for suffering through that xD.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    The next day — the day before it was time to catch the train to school — I had letters written for Marcus and Lissy with the Firebolts attached before going to work at the wand shop.In Lissy's I had to write that it could really fly, and bade her a happy belated birthday. I sent Marcus's out on mom's owl, Ebony – to her biggest disgruntlement because I had promised I'd already sent my last letter of the summer – but I brought Lissy's to Diagon Alley with me.For my lunch break, I went to the Magical Menagerie and looked around a bit. A sleek black, male Barn Owl caught my eye. I went over and took its cage, “Hey there,” I said softly, putting my finger in. He nipped it affectionately. A nice one is a must…I bought the Barn Owl and when I got out of the store I said, “I have a job for you already.” The owl hooted excitedly. “I've bought you for a friend of mine named Lissy Parker... she has brown, wavy hair and hazel eyes. She lives in Wool's Orphanage.” I tied the letter to the owl's leg, writing in extra notes for Lissy's benefit that the owl is a male and he belonged to her. I also tied the cage to his leg, luckily those things were light as a feather. “You're going to love her,” I said softly, “have a safe journey.” He flew away, excited to see his new owner.This year was going to be very different, in more ways than one. I could just feel it.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Whaddaya want?” I mumbled into my pillow as my mom shook me awake the following morning. My blinds were open so, when I didn’t feel any sunlight beaming through my window, my automatic reaction being to fall back asleep.“Get up, we’re eating breakfast before we go. The train leaves in two hours…” she said, walking out of the room. “And you’ll need your umbrella!”
  It 
  
    would 
  
  be raining. Just great.
I slowly rolled out of bed, fumbling a bit as I got dressed. “So tired,” I mumbled, “too early…” I grabbed my umbrella out of my trunk before closing it, then lifting it and the cat cage – in which Bodoujn had already meandered in and lay down to sleep. “Lucky you,” I grumbled at him.Bodoujn meowed sleepily as I made my way down the stairs.Mom, Jim, Gerald, Nick, and Blake were awake at the kitchen table downstairs eating the bacon, eggs and hash browns mom cooked.“Are you all coming?” I asked in surprise, sitting in the empty seat between mom and Jim. The car was going to feel very crowded.The adults all nodded.Mom explained. “Your grandparents are sleeping in today. Jim will be driving, Gerald will be in the passenger seat, I will be in the back seat with Blake on my lap next to you and Nick. It might be better for me to sit in the middle for Blake's safety... we all want to see you off.”“Wow, even you Gerald?” I asked with a smirk.He scoffed but didn't answer.I giggled, “Love you too, uncle.”“Yeah, yeah, whatever.”Jim chuckled as I began eating, “I just want to see a little bit more of this magical world. Orele tells me that to get to the platform your train is on, you have to run through a wall!”I looked up at him in amusement.Despite mom erasing his memory for so long, he was being pretty good about all of the chaos. Though.. he won’t tell me what he’s intending on doing about his job back in Colorado. I tried to ask the previous night if they know where he is, and he avoided the question entirely:
  “Oh, don’t worry so much about that! Come on, ask me something else!”

   I stared at him suspiciously, but I took the opportunity. “Okay then. What was it like to get your memory back?”

   His expression went blank. “What?”

   “What was it like? Was it as if it had always been there, was it like an alien putting something you’ve never seen before in your brain, did it feel like a figment of your imagination? I’m purely curious, you never exactly hear someone explain their experience with something like that every day.”

   He looked me in the eyes for a long minute before conceding. “It was like waking up from a dream. A long one… where I continue to have trouble fathoming how it was even possible to forget two of the most important people to come into my life.”

   The pain I felt from his answer was unbearable — his feelings were so open to me that I hadn’t even 
  
    tried
  
   to look into his mind in order to feel it. I lowered my gaze to my lap, “I’m so sorry.”

   His arm wrapped tightly and he pulled me close, body heat still as warm and comforting as I remember it. “It’s not your fault, sweetheart. And all I can do now is move forward.”

   It’s thanks to his answer that I couldn’t fathom how he was able to continue to act so happy about anything and everything considering the many years mom took away from him. How would he have felt if it had gone on any later?

   Also… if Nick 
  
    was
  
   the culprit behind him remembering… 
  
    how
  
   did he do it?
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛We squeezed into the car the way mom had planned it. Apparently, Jim really wanted to drive just so that he could practice driving on the left side of the road. It was typical for his level of curiosity. I used to tell him that he might as well be the adult guy version of Alice in Wonderland.As he drove, he asked, “Does it really matter to wizards if you're a – a Muggle, is it – or a Muggle-born wizard or witch?”“Yes,” I responded. “To many of them, it is of the utmost importance, and that's just purebloods for you. It's mainly comprised of witches and wizards who don't think Muggle-borns should be treated equally. They can't do anything to you in an open environment – like King's Cross – but they will do their best to insult you.”“Huh...” Jim said. “Fascinating.”I choked into laughter, “Seriously? I tell you that you'll probably be insulted, and you think it's fascinating?”He chuckled, “How insulted am I really going to be? It’s not often that a real wizard will be threatened enough by me to act like they’re better than me.”I shrugged, “Whatever keeps you entertained.”We drove in silence for a few minutes. Gerald started tapping the dashboard with his feet.“Will you stop that?” mom asked him irritably.“I’ll stop when —”“Orele, do you think Nick will be a wizard?” Jim interrupted quickly.Mom hesitated. “It’s definitely possible, especially if he’s the reason you got your memory back. But.. he also might not. For years, I was hoping with all my heart that Melody wasn't a witch. She wasn't showing any signs, but she was surprisingly able to keep her magical abilities a secret until I told her I was a witch.”“Is there a wizarding school in the United States she could have gone to?”I stared at the back of his head, noticing his tone of voice had changed… wishfully.Mom sighed, “There is Ilvermorny school in Massachusetts, but… Hogwarts had always been like home to me.”Jim’s smile was sad. “I see… so… when did you meet Blake's father?”“You're having this conversation now?” I asked aghast. “Don’t ask about him now.”Mom laughed, relieved to have a subject change. “Melody doesn't particularly like him. He was in love with me back when we went to Hogwarts. We were engaged before I broke it off with him.”“Try this,” I said, with disgust in my voice. “Not particularly liking him doesn't cut it. I absolutely despised him! No one liked him — unless, of course, they only paid attention to his looks. That included Becky! Do you know how excited she got when you named Blake after that git?”“The man's name was Blake?” Jim asked.“Blake's full name is Blake Gilderoy Lockhart... take off Blake’s first name, and that was the simple name of that idiotic man.”“Melody, calm down. And stop gossiping,” mom said.“Psh! That's not gossip, that's my opinion.”“So...” Jim said. “What happened to him?”“He lost his memory,” mom said, giving me a dangerous look to keep me from saying anything else. “He'll be spending the rest of his life in St. Mungo's so that he's not a danger to himself or anyone else.”“… Interesting..”When we reached King's Cross Station, Jim parked the car and we all hurried in. Mom grabbed a trolly, helping me place my stuff on it.“Where is this platform nine and three quarters?” Jim asked, surveying our surroundings.“Melody!” a voice called out.I turned around to find Lissy running toward me out of breath. On her trolley rested her suitcase and the owl I got her, sitting in his cage rather peacefully. “Thank goodness I found you! I don't know where platform nine and three quarters is! I asked a security guard and he thought I was playing a joke on him!”I pointed to the barrier between platforms nine and ten. “You have to run through that wall... makes it hard to get to if you're a Muggle. And you have to make sure to go fast so no one sees. Here –” I stood a few feet away from the barrier, looked around quickly, and ran at the barrier, going through to the other side where platform nine and three quarters materialized.Lissy came through soon afterwards. Her eyes had been shut tightly, and when she opened them her mouth dropped wide.We waited while everyone else came through, standing underneath a wide balcony out of the rain.“This is amazing!” Jim said, looking around in absolute delight.“He’s not kidding,” Lissy said, awestruck for a moment before finally glancing at Jim. She leaned over to whisper to me, “Who is he?”“My Muggle stepfather,” I whispered back, feeling dread at the thought of what Marcus or Draco might slip up and say.In my letter to Marcus, I had explained the situation and that he must — under no circumstances — do anything to him. Despite wanting to keep him in the dark about how I really feel about Muggles and Muggleborns, it was easy to say that my mom would kill him if he did anything.As for Draco, I had begged Becky the other day before she returned home to stop by Draco’s first to let him know what the situation was. I hadn’t had the time to spare to go back, and I worried about what would happen if I tried to wait until it was time to catch the train.“Melody –” Lissy started to say, warning in her voice as I stared distractedly at Jim and Nick’s reactions to the magic some students began practicing on the platform.Arms suddenly wrapped around my waist and spun me around in a circle. I gave a freaked out shriek, panicking until I heard the familiar laughing. “Marcus!”He put me down. I turned to look at him. He had coarse black hair, was quite tall, was relatively muscular, and had large teeth. Some rumors made everyone believe he had troll blood in him, but in other thoughts he was handsome. Handsomer than an actual troll, for sure.“Was that really necessary?” I asked, attempting to pull away. His arm still tightly wound around me.“Yes. Two and a half months without you is way too long,” he moaned, bending down and kissing me on the lips.“Uh... ugh,” I heard Lissy groan.Marcus and I pulled apart with a laugh.“We should postpone it for a bit,” I said with a chuckle, finally able to turn away from him… only to suddenly see Jim at my side. “Uh... oh! Um, Jim, this is Marcus. Marcus, this is Jim... my dad.... Oh and Lissy...! Introductions are over with...” Melody, you fail at introducing people…Lissy giggled. Marcus smiled at her.. and then gave Jim a curt nod…. Thank goodness I'd told Jim earlier about Muggle status with my friends, otherwise he'd have held his hand out for Marcus to shake. Not quite sure how that would have gone.It was also nice that Marcus was being at least partly civilized about it.Mom came over with Blake giggling in her arms, and Gerald with Nick on his shoulders. They bade me farewell, mom and Jim giving me tight hugs as Draco and Becky came over to us — bickering as usual.Vincent and Greg trailed behind Draco as usual. They, and Marcus, helped Lissy and I get our trunks into a compartment. I waved a final goodbye to my family before disappearing inside the train since our compartment was on the other side away from the waving families. In any case, we wouldn't have been able to see them through the heavy rain on the windows.In the compartment; Vincent, Greg, Becky, and Lissy were on one side while Draco, Marcus, and I were on the other – in order from one side to whoever was next to the window. We left the door open to let the air flow through.Draco was telling everyone about how Durmstrang and Beauxbatons were coming to Hogwarts for the Triwizard Tournament. I didn't really listen until he came up to a part I didn’t know. “... Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. He knows the Headmaster, you see. Well, you know his opinion of Dumbledore – the man's such a Mudblood-lover –” Becky kicked him in the shins rather hard, so after a pained pause he continued. “– and Durmstrang doesn't admit that sort of riffraff. But Mother didn't like the idea of me going to school so far away. Father says Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line than Hogwarts about the Dark Arts. Durmstrang students actually learn them, not just the defense rubbish we do....”Under 'Alastor Moody' we probably will, I thought wryly. Of course, heaven knows what kind of teacher he’s actually going to be.“What's a Mu –” Lissy started to ask, having not entirely listened to what he said.“Shh! Don't say it...” Becky said softly.“It's a… it’s considered a sort of curse word name for someone who's Muggle-born,” I explained.“Oh...” she said softly, turning to stare out the window.“So, Draco...” Becky said, rather mischievously. Draco buried his face in his hands, and Lissy looked around curiously. “I was wondering, because I just wanted to ask again… what do you have against trees, I daresay? Just what did that one tree do to you to deserve such a fate?”He looked up from his hands to scowl at her and me. “That reminds me… Melody! Why would you tell her?”Marcus and Lissy couldn't control their laughter... Vincent and Greg just didn't know what was going on – as always.“I thought we could all do with a laugh on this train ride – come on, admit it, it was kind of funny that your wand just hit an unexpecting tree...” I said.He dropped his head back into his hands, and then suddenly sat up straight to look at me again. “Did it make the newspaper?” he asked.“Did what make the newspaper?” I asked.“When you fixed up Krum's nose after the World Cup, of course!” he said.“You did what?” Marcus and Becky asked at the same time. Marcus was in pure excitement and Becky was just confused – she didn't know any infamous Quidditch teams. That and I had actually forgotten about it because what I did was just so insignificant for me.“The Bulgarian Seeker’s nose was broken after a Bludger smacked him in the face. Draco got him to trust me enough to fix it up. I doubt it was in the newspaper – of course, I never looked for it…… Here, Draco give me your Viktor Krum model... are you going to use it?” I said.Draco shrugged, taking out the Viktor Krum model and holding it out to me in his hand. The model walked to the edge of his fingers and onto my outstretched hand. “It got boring after a while.”“Then here. Lissy take out your Firebolt – and after the demonstration both models are yours.”Lissy handed me the Firebolt model, and I placed it in the same palm as Viktor Krum. When he saw it, he grabbed it and actually flew around the compartment with the same agility as the real Viktor Krum. She stared at it dreamily.“Viktor is Bulgarian – apparently he'll be at Hogwarts this year because of some big Tournament Hogwarts is hosting from Durmstrang.” I said.Lissy smiled excitedly.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Later on in the day, the compartment across the hall opened to loud chattering. Harry, Ron, and Hermione occupied it. Visiting them were fellow Gryffindors Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom. Ron had also gotten a model of Viktor Krum, and as he showed it to Neville – who'd missed the World Cup – Draco, Vincent and Greg mischievously stood and walked over across the hall.“We saw him right up close, as well,” Ron said. “We were in the Top Box –”“For the first and last time in your life, Weasley,” Draco drawled.“Don't remember asking you to join us, Malfoy,” Harry replied coolly.I stood and closed the compartment door, shaking my head. We had all gotten into our Hogwarts robes earlier so we wouldn't have to worry about it. Because of that, those three wouldn't be back anytime soon.When the Hogwarts Express finally slowed down, it was pitch-dark outside. I duplicated my umbrella so everyone would have one, except Marcus insisted on sharing with me so I just made mine a bit bigger.We went outside to be caught in a downpour of rain and wished Lissy good luck at the sorting. While we rode in a carriage, she followed the rest of the first-years to go sailing across the lake with Professor Hagrid.When the gate was in sight, we watched everyone ahead speed to the castle in excitement for drying off.“Am I the only one who thought to bring my umbrella?” I asked aloud.Unsurprisingly, nobody answered.
  
    Chapter Text
    When our carriage stopped, we gradually got out to make our way in. Indeed we were the only ones with umbrellas as people ran in for shelter. There was extra commotion with Peeves throwing water balloons at people.In the torch-lit entrance hall, the marble staircase nearby, we all breathed a sigh of relief. I took their umbrellas, waving my wand for all of them to disappear save for my original umbrella that I shrunk back down to size.We went into the Great Hall and sat down at the Slytherin table. The only parts of us that were wet were our shoes. The Hall was looking as good as always, the four long tables for each of the Houses, laden with golden plates and goblets gleaming from the hundred – maybe thousands – of candles floating over them in midair.“I'm starving,” Draco complained. “They'd better hurry up!”Becky mumbled.“What?” Draco asked.“I said,” she repeated loudly, “that if you want to eat, you can eat the goblets and plates. You already ate a whole bunch of candy on the train that was as hard to chew as these would be.”“No,” he said indignantly, “no they weren't!”“Becky, now would not be the time to make fun of Draco on how hungry he is,” I said.“Right, we're all hungry,” Marcus agreed.Becky gave a little playful smile, “Think I don't know that? I just believe that he shouldn't have so much candy on the train before we get here. Did you know it only makes you hungrier? My dad learned that and told Joey, Trixy and me.”“Wait...” I said in realization. “Doesn't your sister start Hogwarts this year?”She nodded, “Don't worry, Joey forced her to sit with him on the train — something about not wanting her to end up with riff raff like I did.”“Riffraff!” Draco exclaimed. “Your brother is off his rocker just like you.”“Can it, you twat…. In any case, she'll be in Ravenclaw like the rest of our family.”“How would you know that for sure?” I asked before Draco could retort.“Well, I'm the odd one out, aren't I?”“But... I seem to recall you and Joey agreeing – for once in your lives – that Trixy was evil, and got you both in trouble while somehow managing to keep herself out of it?”“Oh, I remember that!” Draco said. “Yeah! I met Trixy last year when father was convincing your parents to let you go to Hogsmeade! To get you to stop smiling, she poured cold water down your back.”Marcus snorted.“Well, she'll go into Ravenclaw for that – it doesn't make her cunning. She's otherwise a very sweet person!”I shrugged, figuring that if her consistent pranks weren’t enough proof that we’d have to let the hat decide. “All right then. I won't get into it…… However, I am curious. She’s deaf, so how does that work? Is there some sort of board where she has to write everything down?”“Oh no, that’s too much effort. You’re still thinking of the Muggle world,” Becky said, patting my head lightly as if I was a child still learning how things work. “There’s a spell for everything.. matter of fact, mum developed it so it’d be simpler for her and everyone that talks to her.“The spell was placed on Trixy before we got on the train so that she can go through the school year smoothly. It goes like this: when people talk to her, she’ll see the words that they’re saying pop up in front of them like captions on a Muggle television. It goes vice versa, too. When she uses sign language, what she says also pops up as words in front of her.”“That’s really clever,” I said, genuinely impressed.“Why’d the example have to deal with Mud —” Draco began to ask as Becky somehow maneuvered her hand across the table to smack him on his forehead. “Hey!”“At least Melody understood it! If you want me to humor you, then fine! Think of it as that, when you talk to her, it’ll be like reading a newspaper at the same moment it’s being written!”Marcus tsked, “Then why didn’t you just say that?”Becky humphed, “Melody is the one that cared to ask, and she understands how the Muggle world works better than the rest of us do.”Marcus’ gaze turned slowly to me, at the rate of which I could only roll my eyes. “Don’t even try to act like I haven’t told you about being raised in the Muggle world.”That’s when the doors to the Great Hall opened, and everyone went silent. Professor McGonagall led the first years up to the front of the Hall. The first years were so drenched in rain that they looked as if they had had to swim through the lake rather than boat across. The only mostly dry ones were Lissy and – surprisingly – Trixy. The two of them stood together, and I had to share a look with Becky.Trixy looked a lot like Becky except for that her curly hair was such a dark brown it was almost black. And it wasn’t even dark from being wet, because those were the parts of Lissy and Trixy that were completely dry. They were dry from the waist up.The smallest of the first years was wearing Professor Hagrid's moleskin coat. He must have really fallen into the lake.When they reached the front of the Great Hall, Professor McGonagall placed the familiar three-legged stool on the ground and put the old Sorting Hat on top of it. Everyone stared at it in silence, and then the tear near the brim opened like a mouth. The hat broke into song. 
  A thousand years or more ago,

  When I was newly sewn,

  There lived four wizards of renown,

  Whose names are still well known:

  Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor,

  Fair Ravenclaw, from glen,

  Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad,

  Shrewd Slytherin, from fen.

  They shared a wish, a hope, a dream,

  They hatched a daring plan

  To educate young sorcerers

  Thus Hogwarts School began.

  Now each of these four founders

  Formed their own house, for each

  Did value different virtues

  In the ones they had to teach.

  By Gryffindor, the bravest were

  Prized far beyond the rest;

  For Ravenclaw, the cleverest

  Would always be the best;

  For Hufflepuff, hard workers were

  Most worthy of admission;

  And power-hungry Slytherin

  Loved those of great ambition.

  While still alive they did divide

  Their favorites from the throng,

  Yet how to pick the worthy ones

  When they were dead and gone?

  'Twas Gryffindor who found the way,

  He whipped me off his head

  The founders put some brains in me

  So I could choose instead!

  Now slip me snug about your ears,

  I've never yet been wrong,

  I'll have a look inside your mind

  And tell where you belong!
 The Great Hall rang with applause when the Sorting Hat finished its song.Professor McGonagall unrolled a large scroll of parchment when the applause was finished. “When I call out your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool,” she said to the first years. “When the hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.“Ackerley, Stewart!”A boy walked forward, trembling, as Professor McGonagall put the Sorting Hat on his head and he sat down on the stool.“Ravenclaw!” the hat shouted.The Ravenclaws applauded him as he quickly ran over and sat down at the table.“Baddock, Malcolm!”“Slytherin!”The Slytherin table erupted with cheers. Draco clapped quite enthusiastically as Malcolm joined our table – he was always going to be happy with whoever joined us.“Branstone, Eleanour!”“Hufflepuff!”“Cauldwell, Owen!”“Hufflepuff!”“Creevey, Dennis!”The smallest boy of the group wearing Professor Hagrid's moleskin coat staggered forward.Only then did I realize this was Colin Creevey's little brother. Colin was one of the students I tutored the year before. He and the three other students I tutored – the soon-to-be second year Anthony Otterburn, and the other two third year students; Ginny Weasley and Luna Lovegood.I supposed they probably didn't need me this year – however, Draco and Marcus certainly did. Marcus had to pass so he could finally graduate after being held back a year.“Gryffindor!” the hat shouted.The sorting continued with the many frightened first years coming up to put the hat on.Then — “Figsund, Beatrix!”Trixy went up and sat on the stool without so much as a look of fright or tension on her face. She put the hat on and sat there waiting for it to decide. The hat seemed to be having a difficult time placing her as it took three minutes before it finally shouted out, “Slytherin!”Becky's mouth dropped open; Draco, Marcus, and I snickered. Trixy took off the hat and bounded toward the Slytherin table, dropping into a seat between Becky and I.The sorting continued as Becky stared fixedly at Trixy.Trixy ignored her sister’s stare in favor of their brother at the Ravenclaw table. She turned to us, using her hands to convey what she was saying at the same time as gold letters manifested in the air in front of her. “Joey looks like he's going to have a fit.”We turned to look at Joey, his mouth dropped open as well rather than the smirk he’d had when Becky was sorted into Slytherin. Now, he merely continued looking shocked.Trixy looked as if she'd accomplished her biggest feat yet, and talked to us as if she'd been at the table with us for years. “I hope the sorting ends soon. I'm rather starved after Joey made sure I didn't eat any sweets on the train. I don't really believe not eating sweets helps me survive until the feast, what about you Becky?”“He’s not the only one that may have a fit,” Becky grumbled softly, turning away from her to continue watching the sorting.Trixy merely grinned as if Becky had agreed with her and looked at me. “I can't wait to start the year!”I laughed uncontrollably. Draco and Marcus could help themselves either, clutching at their sides.“Trixy,” Draco rapped his hand on the table to get her attention. “Thank you for joining our House.”Trixy beamed at him.He only likes that Trixy makes Becky uncomfortable, I thought with a small smirk as she turned back to me. “How did you understand what the Sorting Hat placed you in?”“It discussed all of it with me inside my head. It was like hearing sound for the first time. Did you know I have an aptitude for all the Houses? That’s what the Sorting Hat finally had to tell me, because it couldn’t decide for itself.”“All four?” I burst, turning my wide-eyed gaze to Becky, whose gaze was burning holes in the back of Trixy’s head.As soon as Trixy turned to look innocently back at her, Becky began using sign language with her… which was frustrating because words didn’t appear in front of her so I could know what she was saying. Rather than respond, all Trixy did was nod or shake her head at the breaks in her signing, so I wasn’t able to read between the lines.Despite my disappointment, I perked up when Professor McGonagall called, “Parker, Elisabeth!”Lissy made her way up to the stool, slightly trembling but looking determined, as she placed the hat on her head and sat slowly on the stool.Shortly after that – only about ten seconds later – the hat called out, “Slytherin!”I cheered and clapped the hardest out of the Slytherin table as Lissy took off the hat and made her way over to sit in between Trixy and I. Lissy giddily wrapped her arms around me before letting go to geek out quietly with Trixy.“Amazing!” Draco said in surprise, looking at both Trixy and Lissy. “We got both of them!”I nodded, but I was more impressed by Lissy’s ability to fluently use sign language to talk to Trixy. “You know sign language?”Lissy shrugged, “Of course. Lots of kids happen to be orphans because their parents couldn’t handle the thought of taking care of a deaf child.”My hand automatically went to my heart, “I suddenly want to give all those kids an apology.”She patted my arm comfortingly as the sorting continued.“Pritchard, Graham!”“Slytherin!”“Quirke, Orla!”“Ravenclaw!”And it finally ended with, “Whitby, Kevin!” being sorted into “Hufflepuff!” Professor McGonagall picked up the stool and the hat and carried them out of the Great Hall.Professor Dumbledore got to his feet and smiled around at all of us with his arms wide open in a comforting welcome. “I have only two words to say to you. Tuck in.”The empty dishes magically filled with food before our eyes. Lissy’s mouth dropped open.Graham Pritchard and Malcolm Baddock were sitting near us, closer to Draco in fact, and started to dive at the food in strong hunger. They froze however as our House Ghost, the Bloody Baron, showed up in the food.“Sorry there, chaps!” he said, floating through the table.Draco continued eating, much unlike our first feast. Lissy watched him in mild interest, but Trixy looked at him in utter fascination.“Hello, Baron,” I said cheerfully. “How are you doing?”“Much the same. I cause nightmares and everyone runs in terror,” he said, rather seriously, but I couldn’t help my laugh.“Ah, the kids will get over it,” I said before gesturing to the girls. “Here's two new students who don't mind!”The Bloody Baron nodded to the girls, and then moved to different parts of the table.As dessert came, the ceiling flashed bright lightning reminiscent of the storm just outside, the rain still pattering against the glass windows. I only filled my bowl with chocolate pudding.When the food had disappeared, Professor Dumbledore stood up again. Everyone stopped talking almost all at once, leaving the pounding rain and howling wind to break the silence. “So!” he said, smiling around at all of us. “Now that we are all fed and watered, I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices.“Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you that the list of objects forbidden inside the castle has this year been extended to include Screaming Yo-yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Ever-Bashing Boomerangs. The full list comprises some four hundred and thirty-seven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. Filch's office, if anybody would like to check it.“As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is out-of-bounds to students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below third year.“It is also my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year.”“What?” Marcus and Draco gasped at the same time, completely dumbstruck.Professor Dumbledore continued. “This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers' time and energy – but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts –”A deafening rumble of thunder and the doors of the Great Hall banging open cut Professor Dumbledore off.'Alastor Moody' stood in the doorway and he proceeded to walk through the hall with every clunk of the wooden leg. He reached Professor Dumbledore and stretched out a hand that Professor Dumbledore shook, muttering an inquiry to him. ‘Professor Moody' shook his head and replied in a soft undertone, in which Professor Dumbledore nodded and gestured for the man to sit in an empty seat on his right-hand side.As he sat down, he smelled his food – as if making sure it wasn't poisoned – speared a sausage with a knife and began eating. Exactly as the real Alastor Moody would have done it, I suppose, I thought to myself as I wondered why I hadn’t ‘seen’ dad save Barty from his father. What triggered the visions, and why didn’t that one trigger? That would’ve been fun to see…“May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?” Professor Dumbledore said brightly. “Professor Moody.”“Mad-Eye Moody?” Draco asked in surprise. “The retired Auror?”“I guess we’ll be learning more than just defense this year,” I said softly.Professor Dumbledore cleared his throat, “As I was saying, we are to have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year.”“You're joking!” Fred Weasley said loudly.Nearly everyone laughed at this. Even Professor Dumbledore chuckled.“I am not joking, Mr. Weasley, though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar...”Professor McGonagall cleared her throat loudly.“Er – but maybe this is not the time... no...” Professor Dumbledore said thoughtfully, “where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament... well, some of you will not know what this tournament involves, so I hope that those who do know will forgive me for giving a short explanation, and allow their attention to wander freely.“The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to host the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of establishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities – until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the tournament was discontinued.“There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament, none of which has been very successful. However, our own departments of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe for another attempt. We have worked hard over the summer to ensure that this time, no champion will find himself or herself in mortal danger.“The head of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with their short-listed contenders in October, and the selection of the three champions will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a thousand Galleons personal prize money.”Marcus and Draco looked as though they were imagining being the glorious victors of the Triwizard tournament as other students whispered excitedly amongst each other. Professor Dumbledore continued, bringing silence upon the Great Hall once more.“Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts, the heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age – that is to say, seventeen years or older – will be allowed to put forth their names for consideration. This –” he raised his voice slightly as several people made noises of outrage at this... Marcus looked smug, since he was eighteen, “– is a measure we feel is necessary, given that the tournament tasks will still be difficult and dangerous, whatever precautions we take, and it is highly unlikely that students below sixth and seventh year will be able to cope with them. I will personally be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinks our impartial judge into making them Hogwarts champion. I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting yourself if you are under seventeen.“The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving in October and remaining with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us, and will give your whole-hearted support to the Hogwarts champion when he or she is selected. And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be alert and rested as you enter your lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!”Professor Dumbledore sat down to talk to ‘Professor Moody.’ Despite wanting to catch the fake man’s eye, I knew I had to settle for when we were to take his class.When I instead searched the table for Professor Snape, I waved to him. Usually he wanted to talk to me before or after the feast. I caught his eye.He shook his head and mouthed, go. So, after bidding Lissy and Trixy good night, the first years followed the prefect to the Slytherin common rooms. As for the rest of us, we only went when we wanted to go… basically after having a long conversation about Marcus’ chances of being our school’s champion.We left to go to the Slytherin Common Room, said the new password passed down to us by our House prefects, and came into our home away from home. Becky and I bid Marcus and Draco good night and went up into our room, got changed, and collapsed onto our beds for a night of comfortable sleep.
  
    Chapter Text
    The next morning, it was as if there had been no storm the night before. However, the ceiling in the Great Hall still showed us that it was quite gloomy outside. I commented on it shortly before Professor Snape handed us our schedules, and we quickly consulted them.“I will talk to you after your afternoon class to discuss your tutoring schedule,” Professor Snape said shortly, swooping away with his cloak flowing gently behind him.“Tutoring?” Lissy asked me.“I'm in a tutoring program –” I started to say.“She’s the tutor,” Draco clarified.“She's the best student in Slytherin House – possibly better than any Ravenclaw, too,” Becky added.Marcus wrapped his arm around me, “The only girl I’ve ever met that’s smart and beautiful.” I sighed in frustration, “Listen to them boast, then. Besides, Becky, I highly doubt that I’m the best student… and Marcus, not even possible.”Becky giggled, ignoring me in favor of giddily talking and signing to Lissy and Trixy. “She's going to take her O.W.L.s this year too... and those are supposed to be for fifth year students.” Both Lissy and Trixy looked at me in awe. “She'll be ending school earlier than anyone else. She's amazing and brilliant, that's what she is.”I rolled my eyes, “I'm not…… It looks like this morning we have Transfiguration, then Care of Magical Creatures. After lunch Becky and I go to Study of Ancient Runes... for a double period? Huh.”As the mail came in, Draco's eagle owl landed on his shoulder carrying his usual supply of sweets and cakes. His parents are over-generous with him, I thought as Becky and I nodded at each other in quiet agreement.“Will you ever share those?” Becky asked him.He looked at her as if she was some strange entity, “No.”I snorted.“You have enough to feed us some,” Marcus said, catching on, a large smile on his face. “If not to your closest friends, then how about these young first years here?”Lissy and Trixy gave Draco their best puppy eyes.Becky and I giggled uncontrollably at Draco's horrified reaction.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛For Transfiguration that morning, Professor McGonagall had us turn a hedgehog into a pincushion. I, as usual, was the first to transform mine perfectly, thereby earning Slytherin ten points and getting to help Becky and Draco to get theirs done.At Care of Magical Creatures, outside Professor Hagrid's hut were several open wooden crates at his feet. His enormous black boarhound, Fang, was whimpering and straining at his collar to go take a look at them. The crates were emitting a strange rattling noise, and as we drew nearer it was punctuated by minor explosions.The Gryffindors were already there when we arrived, and we heard Professor Hagrid say, “On'y jus' hatched, so yeh'll be able ter raise 'em yerselves! Thought we'd make a bit of a project of it!”I walked straight to the crates to glance inside at the ugliest creatures ever... they looked like a mixture of scorpions and crabs when they grew up, but since they were just hatched they looked like deformed, shell-less lobsters. Pale and slimy looking.“What are they?” I asked.Professor Hagrid beamed proudly, “Those’re Blas’ Ended Skrewts”“And why would we want to raise them?” Draco asked coldly. Vincent and Greg chuckled appreciatively.The large man’s face became stumped in a matter of seconds.“I mean, what do they do?” he clarified. “What is the point of them?”Professor Hagrid opened his mouth, thinking hard, and after a few seconds' pause he said, “Tha's next lesson, Malfoy. Yer jus' feedin' 'em today. Now, yeh'll wan' ter try 'em on a few diff'rent things – I've never had 'em before, not sure what they'll go fer – I got ant eggs an' frog livers an' a bit o' grass snake – just try 'em out with a bit of each.”I waited a minute to make sure Professor Hagrid wasn't watching before I took out my wand and used the levitating charm to lower the frog livers and ant eggs into the crates. I wasn’t ready to risk any of my limbs to creatures I’d never even heard of. The whole lesson seemed pointless due to the fact that there was no knowing where the mouth was.“Ouch!” Dean Thomas, a Gryffindor, yelled after about ten minutes. “It got me!”Professor Hagrid hurried over to him with an anxious look on his face.“It's end exploded!” he said angrily, showing the burn on his hand.Professor Hagrid nodded, “Ah, yeah, that can happen when they blast off.”A Gryffindor girl by the name of Lavender Brown said, “Eurgh! Eurgh, Hagrid, what's that pointy thing on it?”Professor Hagrid was enthusiastic. “Ah, some of 'em have got stings.” Lavender quickly withdrew her hand from the box. “I reckon they're the males.... The females've got sorta sucker things on their bellies.... I think they might be ter suck blood.”“Well, I can certainly see why we're trying to keep them alive,” Draco said sarcastically. “Who wouldn't want pets that can burn, sting, and bite all at once?”Becky and I giggled softly. Despite hurting Professor Hagrid’s pride, he was making a good point.“Just because they're not very pretty, it doesn't mean they're not useful,” Hermione snapped at him. “Dragon blood's amazingly magical, but you wouldn't want a dragon for a pet, would you?”After that we left for lunch, with Draco complaining nonstop about the skrewts.“What an oaf! Take care of the skrewts? This will never be a good class with him teaching it!”“He knows a lot more than anyone else about magical creatures,” I said as we took our seats, taking care to be far away from Draco considering his mood. “We could've had better creatures, but because of you – yes, you, Draco – we won't be getting any interesting creatures. Our first day ever of that class last year was perfect with the hippogriffs, but because you were an idiot we've gotten flobberworms and now Blast-Ended Skrewts.”Before he could protest, Becky said, “I'd have to agree with her, Draco. We could've had so much better if you'd just kept your mouth shut and not insulted the hippogriff.”“I thought we were going to forget that?” he asked.“We will if you don't complain with the way our classes are now,” Becky grinned, taking a loud bite out of a carrot.“You can't go a minute without smiling, can you?” I said humorously.“S'pose not,” she replied.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛In Ancient Runes we pored over our Rune Dictionaries, looking at all the runes and what letters they corresponded with.“It's like a whole new language,” Professor Babbling was saying. “Or a secret code.”“I'd like to write this in secret notes for our other classes, then most people don't know what we're saying,” Becky mumbled to Hermione and I.I snorted with laughter, muttering “Genius…”As Professor Babbling went over the runes, Hermione whispered to us.“I've been in the library working on creating a society to help house-elf enslavement...”“Wait.. what?” I asked in surprise.“I've been trying to create a name for it, but Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status wouldn't fit the badges I have,” Hermione said. “I just need a shorter name so the acronym fits.”“I'll join,” Becky said happily.Hermione glowed happily.“Wait, wait Hermione, are you serious?” I asked, recalling what happened with Winky the house-elf at the Quidditch World Cup. I just don’t know how my consciousness went with them just by falling asleep? Was I following Hermione? Was I following Ron? Maybe I was following Harry? Why was that my vision?“Very serious, Melody,” Hermione said. “Surely, you know –”“I have Draco as a friend – I can understand the wish for making sure house-elves aren't so thoroughly punished like his father did to their old one,” I said, remembering Dobby. “But to try to emancipate them… it just isn’t in their nature to want to be free.”Hermione scoffed, “You sound like Harry and Ron. Who’s side are you all on?”I dramatically leaned back, “Chill out. I’m on the side of the house elves that enjoy working… let me know when you come across house elves that are treated unfairly.”“Matter of fact, I did,” she asserted, explaining everything that happened at the Quidditch World Cup exactly as I’d seen in my vision up to Mr. Crouch’s incarceration of Winky. She included the voice they’d heard, but she’d practically skipped past it just to get to where she wanted to prove why she needed to build her society.All I could do in response was quietly shake my head and return my gaze to Professor Babbling.When Becky and I left the room at the end of class, we were stopped in the hallway by Draco about five minutes later. He looked excited.“Read this!” he said, thrusting a newspaper in our faces. FURTHER MISTAKES AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGICIt seems as though the Ministry of Magic's troublesare not yet at an end, writes Rita Skeeter, SpecialCorrespondent. Recently under fire for its poorcrowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, andstill unable to account for the disappearance of oneof its witches, the Ministry was plunged into freshembarrassment yesterday by the antics of ArnoldWeasley, of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office “They didn't get his name right,” Draco said joyously as I asked, “Arnold?” Oh, so they're talking about Arthur Weasley... okay I get it now. Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possessionof a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involvedin a tussle with several Muggle law-keepers(“policemen”) over a number of highly aggressivedustbins. Mr. Weasley appears to have rushed tothe aid of “Mad-Eye” Moody, the aged ex-Aurorwho retired from the Ministry when no longer ableto tell the difference between a handshake and at-tempted murder. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Weasleyfound, upon arrival at Mr. Moody's heavilyguarded house, that Mr. Moody had once againraised a false alarm. Mr. Weasley was forced tomodify several memories before he could escapefrom the policemen, but refused to answer DailyProphet questions about why he had involved theMinistry in such an undignified and potentiallyembarrassing scene. Becky and I walked as we read it, and it allowed me the time to think about it. It just happened yesterday. That amount of chaos would definitely give Barty Jr. the time after taking Mr. Moody down to take a Polyjuice Potion and be there when the Ministry officials arrived.We had just reached the entrance hall when Draco snatched it out of our hands. “Weasley! Hey, Weasley!” he called out, causing Ron to turn around. Harry and Hermione as well.“What?” Ron said shortly.“Your dad's in the paper, Weasley!” he said, speaking very loudly so the whole hall could hear. “Listen to this!” and he proceeded to read the paper. In the middle of it he stopped to say, “Imagine them not even getting his name right, Weasley. It's almost as though he's a complete nonentity, isn't it?” Then he continued until it was finished. “And there's a picture, Weasley!” he said, flipping the paper over and holding it up to their faces. “A picture of your parents outside their house – if you can call it a house! Your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn't she?”Becky and I rolled our eyes at each other. Stupidity again.Ron shook with fury.“Get stuffed, Malfoy,” Harry said, stopping to mumble something to Ron.“Oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren't you, Potter,” Draco sneered. “So tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?”Harry and Hermione had to grab the back of Ron's robes to stop him from launching himself at Draco. Harry said, “You know your mother, Malfoy? That expression she's got, like she's got dung under her nose? Has she always had that, or was it just because you were with her?”Becky and I put our fists in our mouths to keep from laughing. That was probably the best insult I’d heard in a while.Draco's face went slightly pink, “Don't you dare insult my mother, Potter.”“Keep your fat mouth shut, then,” Harry said, turning away from him.Draco took his wand out and bang! The spell he cast at Harry had just missed his head. Several people screamed, and Harry plunged his own hand into his robes for his wand until we all heard a second bang! sound off.“Oh no you don't, laddie!” a voice roared, reverberating around the entrance hall. 'Professor Moody' was limping down the marble staircase, his wand pointed at what was now pure white ferret – shivered on the stone-flagged floor — and which was exactly where Draco had been standing. Becky and I stared at the ferret, looking about as dumbfounded as Vincent and Greg.I glanced uncertainly between Draco the ferret and what should’ve been a fake Professor Moody. All I could think was, if that is Barty Crouch Jr., then why would he go so far to keep Draco from attacking Harry…? Either he’s doing a really good job acting like Professor Moody, or he’s the real one… it’s too soon to tell.'Professor Moody' spoke softly to Harry and, as Vincent bent down to pick Draco up, he shouted, “Leave it!”“Leave – what?” Harry said in bewilderment.“Not you – him!” he growled, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at Vincent, who'd just frozen. The fake eye really was magical.“Now we know where they got the idea of seeing things at the back of your head,” I mumbled to Becky.'Professor Moody' limped toward the three of them, Draco giving a terrified squeak as he attempted to run away toward the dungeons.“I don't think so!” 'Professor Moody' roared, pointing his wand at Draco – who flew ten feet into the air, and fell to the floor with a smack. He bounced upward once more. “I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back's turned,” he growled, bouncing Draco higher and higher.Draco squealed in pain, and Becky and I were stuck staring at the scene in utter surprise. He’s hurting him! But what can I do?“Stinking, cowardly, scummy thing to do….”Becky disappeared from my side, sprinting away.“Professor, stop!” I said, getting ready to pull my wand out as I stepped forward. “I don’t think –!”He merely stabbed a look at me, as if to say ‘don’t you dare,’ and turned back to Draco as I hesitated in place. “Never – do – that – again –” he said, speaking each word as Draco hit the stone floor and bounced upward once again.“Professor Moody!” a shocked voice said. It was Professor McGonagall coming down the marble staircase carrying an armful of books, Becky at her side.Oh, I realized. Becky made a perfect decision. Why didn’t I think of that…? Because this guy may or may not be my dad’s most loyal follower, that’s why.“Hello, Professor McGonagall,” he said calmly, bouncing the ferret higher and higher as he continued to be slapped against the ground.“What – what are you doing?” she asked, watching Draco with her eyes.“Teaching,” he said.“Teach – Moody, is that a student?” she shrieked, dropping her books.“Yep.”“No!” she cried, running down the stairs and pulling her wand out.Not a moment later, Draco had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with his sleek blonde hair all over his now brilliantly pink face. I rushed over to help him up, and he winced as he got to his feet. He was so embarrassed that he wouldn’t even look at me.“Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a punishment!” Professor McGonagall said weakly. “Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?”“He might've mentioned it, yeah,” 'Professor Moody' said, scratching his chin unconcernedly, “but I thought a good sharp shock –”“We give detentions, Moody! Or speak to the offender's Head of House!”“I'll do that, then” he said, looking at Draco with great disgust.Draco's eyes still watered with pain and humiliation as he looked up at 'Professor Moody' and said, “Wait until my father hears about this.”“Oh yeah?” 'Professor Moody' said quietly, limping toward us. “Well, I know your father of old, boy.... You tell him Moody's keeping a close eye on his son... you tell him that from me.... Now, your Head of House'll be Snape, will it?”“Yes,” Draco said resentfully.“Another old friend,” he growled. “I've been looking forward to a chat with old Snape.... Come on, you....” he seized Draco's upper arm, snatching him out of my grasp, and marched off towards the dungeons. He stopped after about twenty feet to call out, “Miss Riddle, you too!”“Wha – why?” I asked in shock. I had just walked over to Becky to ask her what she’d told Professor McGonagall. The professor obviously hadn’t even known what she was walking in on.He beckoned me over, “For trying to stop my punishment of this filth!”I rolled my eyes, bracing myself as I whispered to Becky, “Save us some food.”I caught up with them, walking next to Draco as ‘Professor Moody’ led us through the dungeons to Professor Snape's office. It was quiet except for the echo of his peg leg clacking against the ground every five seconds.“Are you all right?” I asked Draco worriedly.He nodded with a shiver, “I'll – I'll be okay.”I looked up to 'Professor Moody'. “I thought Professor McGonagall told you transfiguring students wasn't an option, why punish me when I was trying to stop you from hurting him?”He glared down at me, “You tried to stop me when I said it was a punishment... so you will be punished, as well.”I sighed in exasperation, for now I’ll just have to wait until I know for sure. If it is him, then at least I won’t have to worry about actual trouble… or will I for trying to stop him? “It’s fine. I had to go see him before dinner anyways...”“In trouble for some other misdeed?”“No,” I said, with a glance at Draco who winced with every step. “I have to figure out my tutoring schedule this year.”“But I heard you were doing well in your classes,” he remarked.“I'm the tutor!” I exclaimed.“Oh...” he said, pretty calmly considering a moment later he barged loudly into Professor Snape's office. Professor Snape actually jumped when he saw 'Professor Moody'.Once he’d composed himself, he asked, “What do you want?”“I want to talk about detentions for these two students,” he said, grabbing the collars of our robes and yanking us in front of him. I had to pull the front of my robes forward to keep from choking.“Try not to deprive me of air while you’re at it,” I commented.Professor Snape's eyes narrowed suspiciously. “Are you sure this isn't one of your psychotic breakdowns, Moody? These are my best students.”“Of course you'd treasure your Slytherin students,” 'Professor Moody' said with a wicked grin. “But this one,” he yanked me back, pushing Draco forward so he would know he was talking about him, “tried to curse a student with his back turned. While I doled out his punishment, this one,” he switched our places so I was now in front, “tried to stop me.”“I will deal with them on my own, Moody. Thank you,” Professor Snape said coldly.“I can't wait to speak with you again, Snape... always a pleasure,” 'Professor Moody' said before limping out of the room.Draco relaxed slightly, and I gently led him over to sit in a chair.“What happened?” Professor Snape asked.“Okay, so I tried to curse Potter...” Draco said softly, as though deciding he would have his punishment whether he liked it or not.“But it wasn't fair what Professor Moody did!” I snapped. “He transfigured Draco into a ferret and bounced him around… levitating him high in the air before slamming him down on the ground. He's in terrible pain. After that ordeal, I worry about Professor Moody's sanity. I tried to stop him when I realized it wasn't a valid punishment, but –”“He wouldn’t let you...” Professor Snape finished for me. He sighed as he stood, “Neither of you will be punished, I will deal with Moody. Malfoy, let me get you something to help with the pain.”“Thank you, Professor,” Draco said softly... weakly.Professor Snape walked into his storeroom, and returned a moment later with potion in hand. “He lets his work as an Auror interfere with his everyday life, Dumbledore should have foreseen that this could happen,” he handed the potion to Draco, who drank it and sat up straight in his seat with a smile. “You may go have dinner, Malfoy.”Draco gave me a small, grateful smile as he stood. “Thanks for your help, Mel.”“Any time,” I grimaced, patting his arm before he walked to the door.Severus waved his wand and his office door closed.I sat down where Draco had been. “Do you think I need to keep my students from last year?”“I think the only ones you should keep are Mr. Malfoy and Mr. Flint. The other students you gained last year have done well during their first day of classes – I have asked the other teachers.” He moved piles of papers from one side to the next, and looked me in the eye. “Is there anyone else you would like to help?”“How have Lissy Parker and Trixy Figsund been doing?” I asked.“Miss Figsund has been doing perfectly despite her disability, and Miss Parker has been having trouble adjusting,” he said, then looked thoughtful. “How do you know Miss Parker?”I told him about that day at Madam Malkin's and about how I'd been asking about adoption.He smirked, “You want to adopt her?”I rolled my eyes, “You almost sound like Gerald. He thought it was hilarious, and made it sound like I wanted hundreds more children around the house!”“Aren't your brothers enough?” he asked, humor in his eyes.“Severus… it's not for me, it's for her. That woman was just, ugh, and – wait, brothers? How do you know about my brother from the United States?” I asked.“Your mother and I speak on occasion,” he said… obviously attempting to be as nonchalant as possible.“She's not falling in love with you is she?” I asked in horror.He laughed. Whoa, he laughed! Shaking his head, he said, “We're just friends, Melody... I'm not the fraternizing sort.”I giggled, “Bummer.”Now he rolled his eyes.
  
    Chapter Text
    There were no more big incidents after Draco's punishing performance as the bouncing ferret, unless that counted Wednesday morning's double Potions lesson with Professor Snape when Neville melted his sixth cauldron. Professor Snape gave him detention for it, gaining a brand new horrific level of torturing the poor boy.After lunch we made our way to Defense Against the Dark Arts for our first lesson with 'Professor Moody'. Draco was not looking forward to it.When we got there, Draco had us sit in the very back row so he didn't have to be so close to 'Professor Moody' again. Becky tried to console him, saying that he wasn’t allowed to transform him into a ferret again, but Draco couldn't be dissuaded.I just couldn't wait to see how he would teach us. The real question is… if he is who he’s supposed to… what would the real Alastor Moody teach us?We had all taken out our books just before 'Professor Moody' came in and growled, “You won't need those books.”
   A practical lesson?
As we returned the books to our bags, 'Professor Moody' took out a register and called out names. His normal eye moved steadily down the list while his magical eye swiveled at whoever said “Here!” He practically growled through gritted teeth as he said Draco's name.After the last person declared themselves present, he said, “Right then, I've had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures – you've covered boggarts, Red Caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right?”Everyone nodded.“But you're behind – very behind – on dealing with curses. So I'm here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I've got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark magic, instead of with cute little creatures.”Becky and I gave small chuckles of laughter. Vincent and Greg sat in the seats in front of us, so we were able to hide ourselves behind them.“Curses!” he said loudly, as if to cover up our laughter. “They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I'm supposed to teach you countercurses and leave it at that. I'm not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you're in the sixth year. You're not supposed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore's got a higher opinion of your nerves, he reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you're up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen? A wizard who's about to put an illegal curse on you isn't going to tell you what he's about to do. He's not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss Parkinson and Miss Bulstrode, while I'm talking.”Pansy jumped and looked at him in defiance. She'd just been writing notes to Millicent and had been handing it to her as he talked.“Shall I read it to the entire class or will you put it away?” he asked with a smug grin.“No, Professor,” Millicent said, pocketing it in her robes.“So...” 'Professor Moody' continued as if he hadn't been interrupted, “do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?”No one raised their hands.“My, my, what a pity... surely your parents told you of such spells?” he said, his magical eye looking between Draco and I. “Or perhaps you don't feel like sharing your knowledge? Miss Riddle!”I flinched in surprise, bending over towards Draco so I could see ‘Professor Moody’ literally pointing at me. God, that magical eye must see through everything. “The Imperius Curse,” I said. “Control of the mind.”He smiled, “Ah, yes. That one gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time.” I couldn't help but realize that he meant during the time my dad was at power. He heavily got up to his feet, opened up his desk drawer, and took out a glass jar with four large black spiders in it.He reached into the jar, catching one of the spiders, and took it out. Holding it in the palm of his hand so we could all see it, he pointed his wand at it and muttered, “Imperio!”The spider leapt from his hand on a fine thread of silk and began to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze. It stretched out its legs rigidly, did a backflip, breaking the thread and landing perfectly on its feet on the desk where it instantly started cartwheeling around in circles. With a jerk of his wand, the spider rose onto two of its hind legs and went into an unmistakable tap dance.Everyone laughed – except 'Professor Moody.’ If he was Barty, then he’d been under it for the longest time. Of course it wasn’t funny to him.“Think it's funny, do you?” he growled.As if to go out of his way to prove his dislike for the curse and Draco, he sent the spider tap dancing across the room on its web to my blonde-headed friend…. The look of panic he shot me as it landed on his nose..? Priceless. He shook and bounced in his seat as it continued to roam around everywhere on his head.Everyone started tearing up, they were laughing so hard. No one harder than Becky, though, who snorted every few seconds.“You'd like it, would you, if I put you under the curse?” ‘Professor Moody’ demanded as he made the spider walk its web back to the front of the classroom.The laughter died away instantly, but I had to hold my hand to my mouth to stop my own chuckles. He wouldn't be able to put me under it if he tried.“Total control,” 'Professor Moody' said quietly and the spider curled into a ball and started rolling everywhere. “I could make it jump out the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats...”Draco's face whitened.“Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by the Imperius Curse. Some job for the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will.“The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I'll be teaching you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone's got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. Constant vigilance!”Everyone jumped at his last outburst.If he’s Barty, he’s doing a very good job playing the part of the mad man who had to go after Dark wizards in his younger days, I thought.He picked up the somersaulting spider and threw it back into the jar.“Miss Riddle, another illegal curse,” he said, looking pointedly at me once again.“The Cruciatus Curse,” I said. “The torturing curse.”'Professor Moody' nodded, reaching back into the jar for the next spider and placed it on his desktop. It remained motionless... too scared to move. “The Cruciatus Curse,” he stated. “Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea,” he now pointed his wand at the spider. “Engorgio!”The spider swelled, now larger than any tarantula I'd ever seen.'Professor Moody' raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, and muttered, “Crucio!”At once, the spider's legs bent in upon its body; it rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from side to side as if trying to get the invisible torturer off of it. I watched it, knowing that though it made no noise, if it were human it would be screaming at the top of its lungs right now. When the spider started to shudder and jerk more and more violently, he stopped his tormenting. When he stopped, the spider's legs relaxed, but it continued to twitch uncontrollably.I glanced at Becky, who was so horrified that she held both hands over her gaping mouth. Draco just sat there with an unreadable expression on his face. I didn't dare look into anyone's mind to see what they were thinking – besides for the ones leaning forward in their desks to maliciously watch its trembling body, who knew what the rest of them felt?“Reducio,” 'Professor Moody' muttered, and the spider shrank back down. He placed it back in the jar.“Pain,” he said softly. “You don't need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse.... That one was very popular once too.“Right... Miss Riddle, any others?”Again? I thought, hesitating as I stared back at him.“Come on, don’t be shy,” he said, eyeing me suspiciously.I cleared my throat, “The — the Killing Curse.”‘Professor Moody’ gave a slight smile, “Yes, the last and worst.” He put his hand into the glass jar, and it was almost as if they knew what was coming… the last two spiders scuttled frantically around the bottom of the jar to try evading his fingers. But it was to no avail when he trapped one and put it on his desktop where it jetted across the wooden surface for an escape.He raised his wand and roared, “Avada Kedavra!”There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound – instantaneously the spider rolled over onto its back. Unmarked, but unmistakably dead.'Professor Moody' swept the dead spider off the desk onto the floor.“Not nice,” he said rather calmly. “Not pleasant. And there's no countercurse. There's no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it.”Draco gave an uncontrollable snort.A slight pause, and 'Professor Moody' continued. “Avada Kedavra's a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it – you could all get your wands out now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I'd get so much as a nosebleed. But that doesn't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it.“Now, if there's no countercurse, why am I showing you? Because you've got to know. You've got to appreciate what the worst is. You don't want to find yourself in a situation where you're facing it. Constant vigilance!” he roared, making the whole class jump once more.He continued, “Now... those three curses – Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus – are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of them on a fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban. That's what you're up against. That's what I've got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need to practice constant, never-ceasing vigilance. Get out your quills... copy this down....”We spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each of the Unforgivable Curses. No one else spoke again until the bell rang, but when it did…“Mr. Malfoy! Miss Riddle! Stay after class with me! I want to talk to you!”Draco cursed under his breath as we put our stuff away.Becky, Vincent and Greg gave us sympathetic looks as they went outside to wait. Draco and I slowly trudged over to stand solemnly before the professor.“I'd like to know if you were punished at all by your Professor Snape,” he said, looking both of us in the eyes.After a brief look at each other, we shook our heads as we turned our combined attention back to him.He growled. “I've noticed how soft he is on his Slytherin students. He certainly puts you two specifically on pedestals, though, doesn't he?'Draco glowered silently at him.Before 'Professor Moody' could say anything else, I butt in. “You already gave Draco his punishment, you know... that was sufficiently painful, and he'll surely never dare to curse anyone else.”Draco nodded.“All right,” he said, “fine then. Mr. Malfoy, get out of my sight!”“But what about Melody?” he replied defiantly.“I am going to deal with her now!” he said loudly, his tone urging Draco to scurry out of the room as fast as possible — which he did. With a wave of his wand, 'Professor Moody' closed the door, locked it, and I suppose cast a charm on the room so they couldn't overhear us because he sighed with an insane grin on his face. “You are so not like your father, princess.”‘Princess’ struck a disturbing chord on my nerves… despite that irritation, this did prove that he was indeed Barty Crouch Jr.“Don’t call me that,” I snapped as I rolled my eyes, my true charade beginning. “Anyways, that’s the point.”He chuckled, entwining his hands together in his lap as he stared intently at me.“In any case, might I ask why it was so serious to severely attack Draco Malfoy?”“Mr. Potter needs to be in mint condition when he faces the Dark Lord for the last time… I don’t need your little boyfriend to damage his plaything….” His manic grin said it all.I put a barrier up in my mind to avoid the burning I knew I would’ve felt in my cheeks without it. “Shows what you know.. he’s no boyfriend. However, I see your point… Harry Potter has to be at his best, or dad won’t take it as a worthwhile fight…… hmm, could that be why you’re teaching fourth years about the Unforgivable Curses?”‘Professor Moody’ smirked, “Partially. However, at the same time I’m fulfilling the Dark Lord’s curriculum should he have been allowed to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts. He —shall I say — warned me not to slacken on my duties as a teacher.”For some reason, what he was saying made me feel jovially delirious. My dad took teaching, as well as learning, seriously. It made me think.. he could’ve been a great teacher, and yet… Professor Dumbledore wouldn’t let him. Maybe if he had, he could’ve distracted himself from following the Dark path so far. Hogwarts is one of the few things that ever made him happy, so why not?I refrained from shaking my head to distract myself from my thoughts, though it was nearly too difficult to think of a subject change. Once I found one, I raised an eyebrow at him, “Look, you’re not really going to give me detention, are you?”Shaking his head, he said, “No, rather a pretend one. Late at night on Saturday, you'll say you're going to my classroom to sort papers. What we’ll really do is go to the library and look through the restricted section.”I nodded, wondering just what we’d be looking for.He smiled knowingly. “If anyone comes, I'll just say you're in my office, locked in, and that no one should bother you while I enjoy some time in the restricted section in the library.” With an insane smile he sat down with a heaved sigh. “I hate this body.”“How about this job?” I asked. “You're actually a really good teacher.”“And you're a really good student,” he remarked. “Would this be your first detention, princess?”“Yes,” I said, with a barely repressed snarl. Stop calling me princess, you — “I'm normally a trouble-free student... so they think.”He smiled, and then waved his hand. “Go on then, get out of here. Your friends must be wondering why I'm keeping you here for so long.”I nodded in response before leaving the room to explain my 'detention'.
  
    Chapter Text
    That Saturday night, I left the Slytherin Common Room to 'Professor Moody's' classroom where he stood in wait for me. When I came in, he looked up from the papers he was sorting through on his desk. He nodded before taking out seven empty bins and what looked like a stack of thousands of papers.With a wave of his wand a paper slowly came out, as though an invisible person was looking at it, and it was then put in a spot in a box. Everything must’ve been getting sorted in alphabetical order.“Make yourself invisible,” 'Professor Moody' growled softly.“I didn’t ask before, but what exactly are we searching the restricted section for?”“A regeneration potion for a full new body. I remembered finding it back when I was in school. The problem is that I don’t remember what book it was, or what the name of the potion is.”My shoulders slackened, “So I’m helping you search for a needle in a haystack.”His one good eye seemed to bulge crazily as he grinned at me, “Yep.”“Great..” I groaned.As I donned myself with the Disillusionment Charm, we walked out of the classroom and he closed and locked the door with a special incantation. He then clunked his way through the halls with me at his side.“That's amazing...” he muttered softly. “I can still see you, but I can tell you’ve got some strong magic. Stronger than any Disillusionment Charms others try to pull off.”“So that eye can mostly see through invisible things?” I asked.He nodded, “It's the only good thing about being this man.”I chuckled.In the library, he took out a set of keys and unlocked the lock keeping students out, opening the restricted section up. He took a seat in the corner of the section, and his magical eye swiveled around for where I was.“Well?” he said. “Get looking.”“Someone's crankier than me,” I noted humorously, taking a book out of a shelf. “Feels like I got a detention anyways. It will take all night to look through these…. No longer than that, I should think.”“And why is that?”“We're only looking for a potions book, so I can technically ignore all the other subjects…. by the way, did you bring a spare piece of parchment, a bottle of ink and a quill?”He smiled, taking some stuff out, “Someone didn't come prepared.”“On purpose. Everyone knows I have never ending ink and never ending pieces of parchment, and my certain quill has been losing feathers – it has rather rare peacock feathers.” I pulled out a potions book and looked through it, skimming the pages, and put it back. “If anyone found any of those, I’d be suspect number one. I don’t have time for that.” I took another book out, and rifled through the pages.“What are you doing here?” a smooth voice asked.I slowly turned my head toward Professor Snape, whose eyes flicked from the book I held to 'Professor Moody'. I had to force myself to calm down, he didn't know I was here. He couldn’t. Did he hear me?“What, a man can't come here for a midnight read?” 'Professor Moody' asked, waving his wand so the book flew out of my hands to his, placing his hand on the open page. While his regular eye looked over the page, his magical eye was fixed on Professor Snape.“I thought I heard someone else in here,” he said. “Couldn't make out the voice.”“It was me, I think aloud a lot,” 'Professor Moody' said.Professor Snape crossed his arms and sighed, as though he wanted nothing more than to walk away… but he had something to say. “I went to the Slytherin Common Room to find out that Melody had a detention with you…. I went to your office. I had to knock. No one came to the door to open it, and I couldn't open it myself.”“She's to stay in there until I've grown tired of reading,” 'Professor Moody' growled. “The door is magically locked so none of her little friends try to save her. Including you.”Professor Snape's eyebrow went up, “She’s stronger than any enchantments you may have placed to keep her in there.”'Professor Moody' gave a very amused look. “I see that.... That girl is very unlike her father, you know.... I was about to give Mr. Malfoy a detention, and she stopped me because she claimed I had already given the poor boy his punishment. She's a rather kind one compared with her strong magic – yes, I know how strong she is. I can't even see what she’s thinking.”Professor Snape froze. “She doesn't know about him.... Besides, I admire that no matter how strong she is, she doesn't parade it in front of people by giving demonstrations like he did.”“So you do know who her father is.... I just wondered, given what a striking look alike she is.”I stood frozen against the bookshelf, looking back and forth between the two. Seriously, Barty, you want to have this conversation now? I couldn't help my giddiness, though, knowing Severus actually admired me.“I must agree with you Snape, she is a rather gifted girl. Her humility is a surprise compared to who her father… was.”“Don't you think she's had enough punishment?” Professor Snape said, obviously trying to change the subject.'Professor Moody' chuckled. “Worried about your perfect student?”“I just don't think she deserves the detention,” he said softly. “She was worried for Mr. Malfoy's safety. You can't give her detention for stopping you from severely injuring him.”“Now, now, Snape think about it. What if she were stopping me from catching a Dark wizard?” he asked, at which Severus's eyes narrowed angrily. “She needs to know that were Mr. Malfoy a Dark wizard, having almost hit someone with a curse to the back of the head, she would go to Azkaban for accessory.”“Does she know that that is what you are teaching her?” Severus asked coldly.“I told her before I locked her in.”Rather than argue it further, Severus turned and quickly strode out of the library.Once he was way out of earshot, I whispered, “The things you find out about what someone thinks of you when you're invisible is incredible.”Barty chuckled and threw the book in my direction. It landed a few feet from me.“Here’s some friendly advice. Don’t throw if you can’t aim,” I said, walking over and picking it up. “Unless you lied when you said you could still see me.”He laughed openly.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛A few hours later I gasped. There’s the potion!Barty put the parchment, quill, and ink bottle on the table next to him. I knelt down next to it, putting the book down to lay it open on the correct page.Flesh, Blood and BoneThe potion requires:A cauldron large enough for a grown man to sit inBoiling WaterMagical Transfusion From a Blood Child—————————————————Potion must be created a month in advance before regeneration can be carried out.Magical Transfusion must be administered when water first boils.The potion must stay hot for the entire month.—————————————————The three crucial ingredients needed at the time of regeneration:Bone taken from the Dark Wizard's parentFlesh sacrificed from a servantBlood extracted from a foe—————————————————Spell intoned as the crucial ingredients are added after Dark Wizard's immersion into the potion:“Power of the son/daughter, unknowingly/willingly/forcibly given, you will renew your father/mother!“Bone of the father/mother, unknowingly/willingly/forcibly given, you will renew your son/daughter!“Flesh of the servant, unknowingly/willingly/forcibly given, you will revive your master/mistress!“Blood of the enemy, unknowingly/willingly/forcibly taken, you will resurrect your foe!” “Will you be able to be there when he regenerates?” I asked as I wrote the words out, using the options as necessary.He sighed resignedly. “No, I’ll have to stay here to keep up appearances. Wormtail will carry out the remaining steps for the potion.”“Ugh,” I groaned. “Then should his flesh be considered ‘forcibly given?’”That made him chuckle. “No, it will be willingly given unless he’s brave enough to face your father’s, yours, or my wrath.”I nodded with a grin, finishing the remainder of the spell. “I suppose it wouldn’t be the first time he cut something off to save himself…. But you know something? I can’t imagine the enemy willingly giving their blood for anything.”I handed the finished product to Barty, who read over it with barely suppressed chuckles. I yawned, my eyes drooping as I vaguely wondered how much magic I was supposed to transfer into it.“When do we start making it?” he asked.“The potion must be started at least a month before... we bring the water to a boil and I'll pour all of my magic in it –”“All of it?” he asked in shock.“Well, yes. I’m not taking any shortcuts for his resurrection. He deserves the best I can possibly offer.”He grinned largely at my response.I rolled my eyes though I, myself, wondered if I really should put that much in. “Do wizards die if they put all of their magic into a transfusion?” I asked.“Sometimes, but all of it would help your father to be on top again. You have very strong magic, and it will replenish again... it's like blood, you could say. Some is taken away, but it will replenish after some time.”I nodded, more to myself than to him, with relief. “Good, I don't think I’m ready for death yet... I'll stay alive.” But I'll hate myself forever... maybe if I only say that I put all of my magic in but only put half of it... he wouldn't notice the difference. Or could he? Wait… I suddenly realized. I have the ability to love while he doesn't – magic includes my thoughts and feelings, right? I can keep my thoughts out of it.. but put my feelings in and maybe, just maybe, he could learn to understand love and regret..... Will it be worth the shot?“Come on,” he said, standing up with a groan and putting the paper in his pocket. “I ought to send you to bed. It’s nearly dawn.”I looked out the window, noticing the sun was starting to rise.“We can, at least, worry about the potion later.... I'll get us a room and the cauldron for it. In May, we'll begin so you can transfuse your magic. We'll also figure out later how we'll keep your loss of magic a secret from students and staff.”“Well, before I go to bed, can I ask what exactly the plan is for getting Potter to dad?” I asked as I stood up. “Despite what you had forgotten, you must’ve known he’d be needed for the potion.”He nodded. “I am here for more than spying and teaching. Harry Potter must be entered into the Triwizard Tournament. The last task, as described by Dumbledore, has been decided as a maze with the Triwizard Cup at the center. If I can make that cup into a Portkey, and make sure Potter is the one to get it… then my mission will have been successful.”“Wow,” I said, refraining from letting my eyes widen. I may have been invisible, but who knew how much of me he could see with his magical eye? “The plan… it’s foolproof.”Barty seemed to stand straighter, pride emanating off his… or, well, ‘Professor Moody’s’… entire body.I also had to refrain from snorting at the sight. “With Potter’s… let’s call them tendencies for adventure… it won’t be much of a shocker that he’d end up in it, even with the age limit. However, you have a lot of sneaking around ahead of you this year to pull it all off. That plus classes plus being someone you’re not… you deserve a cookie after all that hard effort.”He leaned against a bookcase as he chuckled, struggling to keep his cool. “Stop making me laugh,” he said once he’d composed himself. “I can’t balance in this ridiculous body… ahh what do I get for teaching you Dark Magic and Apparition? How many takes do you think you'll need to Apparate perfectly?”“Well, teaching me won’t get you much more. With my luck, it’ll be one easy lesson no matter what subject it is.”“One? With your efficiency, you’ll only need half of a lesson.”I chuckled, “As if.”He paused, studying me intently as he asked, “Humble much?”That was when I realized the mistake. I can’t be comfortable with him. To him, I’m the daughter of the Lord Voldemort. I’m not supposed to be humble! “Hell no! Who do you think I am? I’ll learn Apparition in one minute!”“Shhh!”“Don’t shush me! You shush! Shhhh!”
  
    Chapter Text
    October came sooner than we thought, the air crisp and cool, and there were buzzes of heavy excitement as the arrival of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang drew nearer and nearer.Draco practically shrieked his excitement about Viktor Krum coming to Hogwarts, thus riling up Lissy's excitement. From the model of him, she saw how good he was at flying and after her first flying lesson she became a huge fan of Quidditch.I began tutoring lessons for Draco, Marcus, and Lissy all together in the common room whenever we were free. I found it slightly funny because they were each learning things that were completely different levels from each other. Marcus would have something terribly complicated, Draco and I had the same lessons so I call it rather moderate, and Lissy's was so easy I could hardly believe that that was all I learned in the first month of my first year here.Our classes had been becoming steadily more difficult as the weeks went by, more difficult and more demanding. Particularly with 'Professor Moody,’ because one day he decided to announce that he would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of us in turn.. just to demonstrate its power and see whether we could resist its effects.Draco practically decided to run out and never come back at the idea, but he was called on first. 'Professor Moody' cleared the desks away with a sweep of his wand to give a lot of space and cast the Imperius Curse on Draco.He did a number of gymnastics while running around the room, an interesting feat I never thought possible from him. Though, a person could literally do anything under the Imperius Curse.Other classmates placed under the curse did many other amazing things. No one seemed to be able to fight off the curse until 'Professor Moody' had taken it off. Pansy sang – horribly, but sang — the national anthem while bouncing around the room, rubbing her stomach, and patting her head. When he got to Becky, she bent her knees as though to jump, but then she jumped while preventing herself from jumping and fell down to the ground.“That's more like it!” 'Professor Moody' said. “You damn near beat it! I will get back to you to try again. Next time, everyone watch Miss Figsund's eyes, that's where you see it. Miss Riddle, your turn!”I stood in front of him, deciding to see what he would try to make me do before pushing him out. “Imperio!” he muttered.I was surprised at the blissful feeling I was given, but I still thought angry thoughts to myself as I heard his voice at the back of my mind. He was saying: Act like a monkey... act like a monkey… Okay, that is the stupidest thing ever... no! And with ease, I pushed him out. He nearly fell over.“Damn good job, Miss Riddle! Did everyone look at her eyes?” he asked.“Really stupid,” I muttered to Draco and Becky. “He wanted me to 'act like a monkey',”They burst into silent laughter.“I would have loved to see that,” Draco commented, causing him to receive a painful pinch on his arm from me.For Transfiguration we were given a large load of homework by Professor McGonagall, to which most everyone groaned.“You are about to enter a most important phase in your magical education!” she said, her eyes glinting at all of us dangerously. “Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing nearer, you know!”“But Professor, we don't take them until next year!” Draco whined.“Indeed, and best to prepare you now... you're lucky we start this early.”For History of Magic with Professor Binns, he had us writing weekly essays on the goblin rebellions of the eighteenth century, which Draco thoroughly bemoaned.Professor Snape had us research antidotes, and we all took it seriously because he hinted that he would possibly poison one of us before Christmas to see if the antidote worked.Professor Flitwick asked us to read three extra books in preparation for our lesson on Summoning Charms.“Oh, no,” I grumbled to myself. “I already know the Summoning Charm.”“Tell Professor Snape. Maybe he'll take you out of class,” Becky said. She was obviously joking. Ugh…Even Professor Hagrid added to our workload. The Blast-Ended Skrewts had been growing at a remarkable pace considering none of us had figured out what they ate. He was delighted by it, though, and as part of the “project” he suggested that we come to his hut on alternate evenings to observe the skrewts and make notes on their “extraordinary” behavior. He had proposed this to us with the air of Father Christmas pulling out an extra-large toy out of his sack.“I will not,” Draco told him flatly. “I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks.”Professor Hagrid's smile faded. “Yeh'll do wha' yer told,” he growled, “or I'll be taking a leaf outta Professor Moody's book.... I hear yeh made a good ferret, Malfoy.”The Gryffindors roared with laughter. Becky and I already had our laughs at him for it, so we merely winced for him. Draco's face flushed angrily, but he didn't dare retort. I gently patted his back, silently congratulating him for not losing his temper at that moment.The moment we were out of earshot, making our way toward the castle, Draco burst into fits of rage. “How is that still being used against me? Ooh... I would like that oaf and that Auror to be sacked immediately!”“Well, gasp!” Becky said rather sarcastically. “You would dare try to sack the Auror? Oh my, how brave! I’d be afraid he might turn me into one of his spiders!”She and I laughed. Draco grumbled to himself and rolled his eyes.Upon our arrival in the entrance hall, we found we were really unable to proceed to the Great Hall, owing to the large crowd of students milling around a large sign that was erected at the foot of the marble staircase.“Out of my way!” Draco said, pushing his way through. With Vincent and Greg at his side, everyone moved out of the way. Becky and I followed closely behind.The sign read: TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENTTHE DELEGATIONS FROM BEAUXBATONS ANDDURMSTRANG WILL BE ARRIVING AT 6 O'CLOCKON FRIDAY THE 30TH OF OCTOBER. LESSONS WILLEND HALF AN HOUR EARLY.STUDENTS WILL RETURN THEIR BAGS AND BOOKSTO THEIR DORMITORIES AND ASSEMBLE IN FRONTOF THE CASTLE TO GREET OUR GUESTS BEFORETHE WELCOMING FEAST. “That's just a week away!” Draco said excitedly.“Look at that... it is....” I said.“You wouldn't be thinking of trying for it, would you?” he asked, rather as if it would be a shame not to want to.“Hell no,” I deadpanned. “Death tolls? I think I've had enough adventure in my life, thank you. I’m too young for it anyway.”“But you’d be one of the few who is capable enough to make it past the age restriction.”“Draco, even if I wanted to, it’d be impossible to make it past any charm Professor Dumbledore may have placed on it. I may be good.. but I’m not that good.”“I might try for it,” Marcus said behind us. Draco and Becky jumped.I almost forgot that he’s seventeen... I thought to myself as he wrapped an arm around me.“Can we talk privately?”I curled an eyebrow up as I looked at him, “Sure.”Once he’d led me away to an empty hallway, he leaned against the wall as he wrung his hands. He stared intently at me for a few, silent minutes.“What?” I asked in exasperation.He winced, hesitating a moment before speaking. “Look, Melody… I know you originally didn’t want me to know about you and your father. But, at least things should be different now that I do know. Right?“You haven’t said anything about it since. It’s never been brought up even though I know there must be things you do for him. I didn’t want to bring it up, myself, but I do feel like I should be included in all of the things you are doing.”I bit my lip in thought as I stared at him, crossing my arms nervously over my chest. I guess he makes a good point, I thought. So what if I didn’t want anyone to know? He does. And all I seem to be doing is making it seem like I don’t want him to know anything…… well, technically I don’t. I didn’t want to involve him at all.“Well? What do you have to say about that?” he continued impatiently. “I deserve to know.”That frustrated me. What gives him the right to be this pushy? This is why I don’t want him involved. “Excuse me for trying not to involve you in my illegal activities. Next time, I’ll ask.”He snagged my arm before I could walk away, grinning at me as though he’d won. Naive soul. “Great. So… what have you been doing?”“Nothing,” I said lightly before roughly plucking my arm out of his grasp. “My activities are suspended until further notice. Glad we could have this discussion.”I patted his head before walking away.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Time in the library with Hermione, Fred, George, and Becky was rather strained once we finally got to it. Fred and George didn't really immerse themselves in the conversation, talking in soft whispers to each other. Hermione mainly tried to get us to join S.P.E.W. — her new name for her organization to help house-elves. Even Fred and George agreed with me on going against it, though it was short-lived because they went straight back to their suspicious whispers.“I'm telling you, it would be a great injustice to them,” I said as Becky put the S.P.E.W. badge on her robes, sporting it rather proudly having had to pay Hermione two Sickles for it. “They live for the work they do for wizarding families. Yes, I can agree they should be treated better – more like family you could say – but to take them out of the work they do for free just won't help them. They love having work to do, and doing this to them would put them in rather tough spots. Living with the family that feeds and cares for them while they work for them is all the money they need.“Now, what in the world are you two doing over there?” I turned to ask Fred and George as Hermione crossed her arms, giving a vexed “Hmph!”“It's none of your business,” Fred said, rather irritated.Hermione stood up with her copy of Hogwarts: A History under her arm, and left with a mumble of, “Going back to my common room.”“Honestly, you two. This is not like you. What are you doing?” I asked.“Thought it wasn't like you to badger,” George replied.“Oh, bloody hell,” I groaned. “Either tell me or I'll break the rules and read your minds. I have half a mind to believe that you're doing something that's bloody darn stupid.”They just stared indignantly back at me.Before I could do anything else, Becky sidled up next to George. “Come on, you can tell us... we won't tell another soul. Not even Hermione if it's that dangerous. We just want to know what you two are doing, we're your friends, we mean no harm.”I could've laughed to the ends of the earth at the dazed look on George's face.“George?” Fred asked, pinching his brother's arm trying to break him out of it.“Shush, now,” Becky said to Fred. “I'm talking to George, not you… so… George… will you tell us... your best friends?”Fred looked at me with a confused look on his face. I shrugged with pure amusement.“We – We've been trying to talk to Bagman,” George said.Fred's eyes widened, and when he tried to say something, Becky threw her hand up in front of his face as if to say ‘pause'.George continued, “We gambled with him, saying that Ireland would win but Krum would get the Snitch. He gave us leprechaun gold and –”“And it disappeared,” I said softly. “He cheated you.”Fred gave up trying to keep us from knowing, “We've sent him one letter since then to get him to give us our money. He hasn't even answered us – he'll come to Hogwarts for the Triwizard Tournament, so we'll try to talk to him then.”Becky smiled and went back to her seat next to me across the table from them. George still seemed temporarily speechless.“Yo!” I said, snapping my fingers.George seemed to only come slightly out of hypnosis, “Hm?”“What did you do to him?” Fred and I simultaneously asked Becky.She blinked. As if not knowing what we were talking about. “I... I didn't do anything, I just thought that maybe he would be more willing to tell us without Fred to distract him. Fred is the controlling twin, so since it was likely his choice to not say anything, I figured that maybe George would.”
  I have never noticed anything of the sort between the two, myself. They always seem equal to me.
Fred and I just turned to stare at each other, eyes wide in disbelief.Becky giggled, “Stop that, you two look like owls!”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The week passed by quick enough with all the teachers – as well as Argus Filch – acting rather tense. On the morning of the thirtieth of October, we found that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. There were enormous silk banners that hung from the walls, each one representing each of the Hogwarts Houses: red with a gold lion for Gryffindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. Behind the teachers' table was the largest banner. It bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake united around a large letter H.We sat down next to Marcus, who looked as though he'd been waiting there for quite some time… I would’ve liked to say that it hadn’t taken him long to apologize about the way he tried to force information out of me. But it would be a lie. I’d had to tell him that I didn’t appreciate the way he talked to me before he begrudgingly said he was sorry.
  He is not going to know anything anytime soon. But, until he earns that, I can forgive enough to still be normal with him.
“These decorations are much better than the ones Lockhart had me do for Valentine's Day our second year,” I remarked with a smile.“You helped with those?” Marcus asked. “Mind if I say they were awful?”“Oh, it's no problem. I hated it, too. But I certainly enjoyed everyone's horror-stricken faces the next day at breakfast,” I said reminiscently. “And I never did figure out who sent me that valentine...”“Valentine?” Marcus asked curiously. “What did it say?”“I don't remember,” I said with a shrug. However… when Becky started to open her mouth, I added, “And I don't want to remember. Let me guess.. you somehow memorized it, Becky?”She giggled, smiling her Cheshire smile, and shook her head. “I wrote it down as the dwarf said it. I know you didn't notice, but I thought it would be a good thing to remind you of in the future if it ever came up. Take a look! It did!”I felt Marcus tense up next to me. Even Draco stared nervously at Marcus’ reaction.“Maybe in the very distant future, I'll want to listen to it again... but not now,” I said, diplomatically.She just smiled, “Okay, then!”
  I enjoy her... but sometimes she is just 
  
    too
  
   happy.
Lissy and Trixy sat down with us, bouncing excitedly in place like springs.“I can't wait until the schools come... I wonder where they'll be sleeping?” Lissy asked.“Who cares?” Marcus grumbled, taking a sip of orange juice as his eyes seemed to go blank in thought.I glanced curiously at him.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The day went by with pleasant anticipation in the air. The teachers had a hard time getting students to pay attention – not that we didn't notice them looking out the window, too, as though expecting the schools to come sooner than expected.When the bell rang thirty minutes early, we went down to the dungeons to deposit our bags in our dormitories and grabbed our cloaks since we were going to have to stand outside to patiently await their arrival.Our Heads of Houses were ordering their students in line.Professor Snape put the first years in the front and did it in order to the back. “All right, good, follow me. No pushing.”We followed him out and lined up in front of the castle. It was a clear evening, but rather cold as dusk fell and the moon shone over the Forbidden Forest.  We were in the fourth row, respectively. Becky stood in between Draco and I, and Vincent and Greg were on Draco's other side. I waved to Lissy and Trixy in the front row, and looked behind me to get a wink from Marcus all the way in the seventh row.In the eighth row with the other teachers – in a large gap between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff rows – was Professor Dumbledore, with most of the teachers on either side of him. Behind each row of Houses were the Heads of Houses. Gryffindor and Ravenclaw were one one side together, Hufflepuff and Slytherin on the other. It was quite a well-organized setting.Becky consulted her watch, “It's almost six. They should be getting here soon.”“I wonder how they’re getting here,” Draco said, his face flushed with excitement and the bitter cold. At least they weren't coming in the dead winter.“Whatever it is, they'd best get here soon,” I said softly.We looked up at the skies and down on the grounds, anxiously waiting for something to happen, but everything was still. Everyone was surprisingly rather quiet.Suddenly, we heard Professor Dumbledore call out, “Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!”“Where?” many students said eagerly, all looking in different directions.“There!” someone in the Gryffindors’ sixth row yelled, pointing over the forest.A blue object was flying – rather, hurtling – across the darkening sky toward the castle, growing larger and larger the closer it came.“It's a dragon!” a first year Hufflepuff shrieked, losing her head completely and very nearly running out of line.“Don't be stupid... it's a flying house!” the small Gryffindor first year, Dennis, said.Dennis had given a much closer guess. As the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, we realized it was a large – gigantic, really – powder-blue, horse-drawn carriage. The size of a large house, actually. It was pulled through the air by a dozen winged palomino horses, each one the size of an elephant.The front three rows of students drew backward as the carriage drew lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed. With an almighty crash, the horses' hooves – larger than dinner plates – hit the ground. Then the carriage landed, bouncing on its vast wheels. The horses – I noticed – sported large, fiery eyes.The door of the carriage bore a coat of arms that was two crossed golden wands, each one emitting three stars. It opened.A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forward and fumbled with something on the carriage floor. From there, he unfolded a set of golden steps, then sprang backward respectfully. The largest woman I had ever seen came out of the carriage – much bigger than Professor Hagrid, even. Quite a few people gasped.The woman walked into the light of the entrance hall, revealed to have handsome olive-colored skin; large, black, liquid-looking eyes, and a beak-like nose. Her hair was drawn back in a shining knob at the base of her neck, and she was dressed from head to foot in black satin, with many magnificent opals gleaming at her throat and on her fingers.Professor Dumbledore clapped, and we all followed his lead – to Draco's disgruntlement, really. The woman's face relaxed into a gracious smile and she walked up to him, extending a glittering hand. Professor Dumbledore barely had to bend to kiss it.“My dear Madame Maxime,” he said. “Welcome to Hogwarts.”“Dumbly-dorr,” Madame Maxime said in a deep voice. “I 'ope I find you well?”“In excellent form, I thank you,” he said.“My pupils,” she said, waving one of her hands carelessly behind her.A dozen boys and girls had emerged from the carriage and stood behind her. They were shivering in their robes made of fine silk, not odd considering they didn't have proper cloaks. How could they not know to prepare for weather like this?“'As Karkaroff arrived yet?” Madame Maxime asked.“He should be here any moment,” Professor Dumbledore said. “Would you like to wait here and greet him or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?”“Warm up, I think,” she said. “But ze 'orses –”“Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of them, the moment he has returned from dealing with a slight situation that has arisen with some of his other – er – charges.”“Those Blast-Ended Skrewts no doubt,” Draco grumbled to us.“My steeds require – er – forceful 'andling,” Madame Maxime said, looking as if she doubted that any Care of Magical Creatures teacher could handle the job. “Zey are very strong....”“I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job,” Professor Dumbledore said, smiling.“Very well,” she said with a slight bow. “Will you please inform zis 'Agrid zat ze 'orses drink only single-malt whiskey?”“It will be attended to,” Professor Dumbledore said, also bowing.“Come,” Madame Maxime said to her students, and they passed us to go up the stone steps.We stood, slightly shivering by that point, waiting for the Durmstrang delegation to arrive. Most people gazed up at the sky. For a long while all we heard was Madame Maxime's horses snorting and stamping impatiently. Then – a loud and very eerie sound was drifting toward us from out of the darkness: a muffled rumbling and sucking noise.“The lake!” Gryffindor sixth year, Lee Jordan, yelled. “Look at the lake!”The usual smooth black surface of the water then showed the formation of great large bubbles, and waves crashed over the muddy banks. Then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared. A long, black pole slowly rose out of the whirlpool, and then there was the rigging. A magnificent ship rose out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight. It looked oddly like a resurrected wreck. When it had emerged entirely, it bobbed on the turbulent water and began to glide toward the bank. Then there was the unmistakable splash of the anchor being thrown into the shallow part of the lake, and the thud of a plank being lowered down.We saw the silhouettes of people walking down the plank and making their way up the lawns of the grounds. They drew nearer, looking oddly bulky – like Vincent and Greg, really. As they walked into the light streaming from the entrance hall, I realized they were wearing furry cloaks after arriving from a colder climate. The man who led them was wearing furs of a different sort – in other words, not matted like his students' – his furs were sleek and silver, much like his hair.“Dumbledore!” he called out heartily, walking up the slope. “How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?”“Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,” Professor Dumbledore replied.Once next to Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff was tall and thin like him, though his white hair was short and he had a goatee. He shook Professor Dumbledore's hands with both of his own.“Dear old Hogwarts,” Professor Karkaroff said, looking up at the castle and smiling with rather yellow teeth. I couldn't help but notice that the smile he gave didn't extend to his eyes, which were cold and entirely devoid of emotion. “How good it is to be here, how good.... Viktor, come along, into the warmth... you don't mind, Dumbledore? Viktor has a slight head cold....”Professor Karkaroff beckoned forward the Bulgarian Seeker, Viktor Krum.
  
    Chapter Text
    From behind the Durmstrang students, we all followed in, happy to go back into the warmth of the castle. Many people stood on their tip-toes, jumping up and down, to get a good look at Viktor Krum.“Everyone's fussing over one Quidditch player?” Becky asked in interest. “He must be good.”“Good?” Draco said. “He's great! Best Seeker in the world… Melody knows.”“I'm still not going to another big Quidditch Match,” I replied, rubbing my hands together for warmth. “Sports are forever pointless to me.”We sat down at our table, and many other students watched the door apprehensively to see where the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students would sit... Beauxbatons chose seats at the Ravenclaw table. Some held their scarves and shawls around their faces.“I guess they're not used to cold climates,” Lissy noted.“Well, duh,” Marcus said, looking over at them with piqued interest. I punched him in the arm for his comment.Durmstrang came over to our table as we looked at the Beauxbatons students, sitting down across from us. Marcus and I were actually so busy in our thoughts we didn't notice until we heard Draco talking to Viktor Krum… wow, he actually sat next to us.“How do you like it so far?”“Oh, please, you idiot. They just got here!” Becky said.I looked at Viktor who gave me a curt nod, not answering Draco possibly due to his head cold.All of the Durmstrang students took off their heavy furs, revealing deep blood-red robes, and looked around. Everything seemed to interest them; the starry black ceiling, even the golden plates and goblets. The Beauxbatons students, however, had glum expressions… nothing interested them whatsoever.Once all the students settled down at their House tables, the staff entered. Filing up to the front table to take their seats; last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Madame Maxime, and Professor Karkaroff. When Madame Maxime appeared, all the students from Beauxbatons jumped to their feet. A few Hogwarts students laughed, but the Beauxbatons students didn't show a worry or a care in the world. They only sat down once Madame Maxime had taken her seat. Dumbledore stayed standing.“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and – most particularly – guests,” Professor Dumbledore said, beaming around at all of the foreign students. “I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable.“The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast. I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!”He sat down and the plates filled with food, including some foreign food we'd never seen before.We ate. It was nothing fascinating, I didn't want to engage in conversation so I let my mind wander. It was only after studying the front table that I realized Ludo Bagman and Barty Crouch Sr. were sitting there. When did they come in? Mr. Crouch actually looks normal for being under the Imperius Curse. I shook my head thoughtfully, best not stare at him.“What was that for?” Draco asked, tapping the table to get my attention.I turned to look at him, “What was what for?”“You shook your head,” he said.“Can't I shake my head without needing to give out an explanation for it?” I asked. “You nod your head sometimes while doing homework, and I don’t bother to ask the reason.”Some of the Durmstrang students laughed, and Draco just rolled his eyes.After the dessert was finished, Professor Dumbledore stood up again.“The time has come,” he announced. “The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket – just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation –” there was scattered applause, “– and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports.” There was a much louder round of applause for him. He acknowledged it with a wave of his hand and a big smile, while Mr. Crouch did no such thing. Even if he still had his own free will, I doubted that he would have done any differently.Once the applause stopped, Professor Dumbledore continued. “Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament, and they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions' efforts.”Everyone seemed to snap to attention at the word ‘champions,' and Professor Dumbledore noticed the change in atmosphere. He smiled and said, “The casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch.”Argus approached Professor Dumbledore with a great wooden chest encrusted with jewels that looked quite old. Perhaps it went as far back as when the first tournament began.“The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman, and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways... their magical prowess – their daring – their powers of deduction – and, of course, their ability to cope with danger.”At that last word, the Hall grew silent, no other sound was made until Professor Dumbledore continued.“As you know, three champions compete in the tournament, one from each of the participating schools. They will be marked on how well they perform each of the Tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire.”He took out his wand and tapped the top of the casket three times. The lid slowly creaked open, and Professor Dumbledore reached inside it to pull out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. The most fascinating part of it was how it was filled to the brim with dancing blue-white flames. Professor Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the goblet on top of it.“Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet. Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete.“To ensure that no underage wizards yield to temptation, I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line.“Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical contract. There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the goblet. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all.”“Can't wait,” I whispered to Becky. “Back to bed to get warmer.”She nodded her head vigorously.We looked to Lissy and Trixy to get them to come down to bed with us, but they were deep in conversation with some of the Durmstrang students. Viktor was the only one just staying silent. He hadn't even looked over at the two young girls.Professor Karkaroff bustled over to his students and said, “Back to the ship, then.” He turned to Viktor, “Viktor, how are you feeling? Did you eat enough? Should I send for some mulled wine from the kitchens?”Viktor shook his head as he pulled his furs back on.The Durmstrang boy nearest to Lissy asked him hopefully, “Professor, I vood like some vine.”“I wasn't offering it to you, Poliakoff,” Professor Karkaroff snapped at him. “I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of your robes again, disgusting boy –”He glanced at me with a strange look in his eyes before quickly turning away to lead his students towards the doors.“How rude,” I said softly.“Wha –?” Draco started to ask.I rolled my eyes in response as I noticed Professor Karkaroff was now paused in front of the doors – frozen – and staring right at Harry. The Durmstrang students looked at him curiously as well. I always wondered how Harry got so used to people staring at him and his scar whenever they first met him. It seemed very annoying.'Professor Moody' walked up behind him and stood standard, leaning heavily on his staff, staring at him with dislike. “Yeah, that's Harry Potter,” he growled.Professor Karkaroff spun around and his face went white within an instant, the look on his face a mixture of mingled fear and fury. “You!” he said, looking oddly as though he was hoping he wasn't really seeing him.“Me,” he replied grimly. “And unless you've got anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. You're blocking the doorway.”Indeed, many students were waiting behind them, a full sleepy crowd wondering what the holdup was.Without another word, Professor Karkaroff left the hall.Becky and I looked at each other, our eyebrows raised in interest.
  
    Chapter Text
    The next day, Becky and I woke to Trixy and Lissy vigorously shaking us awake. I took a glance at my alarm clock. It was earlier than I would normally wake up for breakfast on a Saturday morning, so I just groaned and turned over on my stomach.“No, no, no! Come on — get up! Let's go watch students put their names into the fire!” Lissy said.Another groan and I sat up. Trixy and Becky were standing, Becky already getting her robes out to change into.“All right then, wait for us in the common room,” I said grumpily.Lissy and Trixy jumped around excitedly, and hurried out while we got dressed.“So much excitement over a competition that could kill people,” I grumbled softly, finishing up and standing with a sigh.“Well, we should humor them,” she said with a shrug.I chuckled and we made our way down where Lissy and Trixy began to pull us along. In the entrance hall there were about thirty people sitting around the Goblet of Fire, many just examining it. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood there, and as we came in; Fred, George, and Lee hurried down the staircase in froggish glee.Fred said something in a whisper to the golden trio, in which I heard Ron respond aloud, “What?”“The Aging Potion, dung brains,” Fred replied.“One drop each,” George said, rubbing his hands together jovially. “We only need to be a few months older.”“We're going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins,” Lee said, grinning broadly.“I'm not sure this is going to work, you know,” Hermione said warningly. “I'm sure Dumbledore will have thought of this.”Fred, George, and Lee ignored her.“I agree with her this time,” I whispered to Becky humorously, anxiously awaiting their fate for trying to trip the goblet.Lissy and Trixy looked from us to them with interest.“Ready?” Fred asked the other two, all quivering with excitement. “C'mon then – I'll go first –”Fred pulled out a slip of parchment from his pocket, walked right up to the edge of the line and stood there, rocking on his toes. Then, with everyone's eyes on him, he took a great deep breath and stepped over it.For a second it looked like it worked, George certainly thought so for he jumped right in after him with a yell of triumph... but in the next moment, there was a loud sizzling sound and both of them were hurled out of the golden circle. They landed ten feet away, and with a loud popping noise both of them sprouted identical long white beards.The entrance hall rang with laughter – I almost think Becky laughed the hardest, because I swear it echoed – even Fred and George laughed as they stood and took a good look at each other.“I did warn you,” a deep, amused voice said. We all turned to see Professor Dumbledore walking out of the Great Hall, surveying the twins with twinkling eyes. “I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. She is already tending to Miss Fawcett of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summer, of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age themselves up a little too. Though I must say, neither of their beards is anything like as fine as yours.”The four of us giggled softly as Fred and George set off for the hospital wing accompanied by Lee, who was howling with laughter. No doubt glad he didn’t hop in with them.“What a pair of idiots,” was whispered into my ear.I spun around to find Marcus standing behind me. “Don’t do that,” I berated softly, whacking him gently on his chest. “Anyways, did you do it already?”He rubbed the back of his neck, “Yeah, sorry about that. I was too excited to wait.”I shrugged wordlessly, “It’s fine,” meanwhile thinking to myself, it’s not like you’ll get in anyway. I doubt any Slytherins would be considered worthy enough for the tournament.As we walked into the Great Hall for breakfast, I hastily decided that I would cut it short. I thought, if anything could go right this year I’d choose to be able to understand and handle my inner Sight. I need to see Professor Trelawney… no matter how much I don’t really want to deal with her battiness. I scarfed down a piece of toast and drank a glass of orange juice.“Where are you going?” Becky asked as I stood up.“Going for a walk,” I replied instantaneously.“I'll go with you!” Lissy said, quickly standing up.“Erm.. I’m sorry, Lissy,” I said, inwardly panicking. I need to do this without anyone following, there is no way I’m explaining to my friends that I’m getting visions of someone I’m not supposed to know anything about. The only person —Marcus stood next to me and wrapped an arm over my shoulder “— but it’s just a walk for the two of us. We have some… personal things to talk about.”I raised an eyebrow questioningly at him, but all he did was grin. I guess he’s my only option of doing this without Lissy or Becky being suspicious… but do I even tell him what I’m really doing?Lissy nodded with a knowing smile on her face, “Oh! That’s okay, Melody. See you later!”Arm still wrapped around me, Marcus steered me out of the Great Hall as quickly as possible. For the most part, it was just us weaving through the crowd of people because there were still a lot of students watching others enter their names in the goblet. However, despite the constant rumble of sentences from others’ conversations, the silence between me and Marcus felt thicker in comparison.When he began walking outside, I pulled slightly to go the other way.“I’m not going outside,” I said.“Then lead the way,” he replied.After around three thousands flights of stairs — over dramatization, I know — we were finally by Professor Trelawney's room. Marcus and I just stood and gasped for breath for a minute… well, I took a minute. Marcus took only a few deep breaths before standing tall enough that it felt like he loomed over me.
  I didn’t even run, why am I so 
  
    exhausted 
  
  by all these stairs?
“Before we go in,” Marcus said, crossing his arms over his chest. It was obvious he was barely able to contain his fury. “What are you doing up here? A mission for your father?”I leaned against the wall with a sigh, “You say it like I’m a common criminal.”“I’m serious, Melody. You promised!”“Technically,” I said with a few tsks, “the word ‘promise’ never came out of my mouth.”’“Melody!”I sighed again before walking over to look him in the eyes, “You don’t get to rush me or be angry with me. The reason our relationship began still bugs me. It’s going to take some time — and no, the summer didn’t count because you weren’t around for it to get better.”Due to his face turning blood red, I knew his anger was building, “That’s not my fault!”  “Which part? Why you sparked an interest in me or why you were gone all summer? I know the summer was a preconceived family trip, so that’s not the problem. But —” “I just wanted to prove I can help you!”“You want to, or your parents want you to?”He scraped his hands through his hair in frustration, “I thought we went over all this already. You have to trust me for this relationship to work, Melody!”“I don’t have to do anything,” I snapped. “I agreed to this because you said you wanted to prove that you love me. There was no contract stating that I had to tell you anything about what I do for my dad, because I don’t want to drag you into that.”Marcus put his hands on my arms, staring me right in the face. “I just want to help you.”“Eventually maybe… but don’t rush me. There’s nothing for us to do right now, because everything is being taken care of — and not by me.”His shoulders seemed to relax, “Can I know what’s going on?”“I might tell you,” I said thoughtfully. “But I also might not.”He sighed, “Take the time to prove myself?”I nodded.“Can I ask what you’re doing up here?”I looked up at the ceiling in thought. This isn’t exactly a trip for my dad, and I guess I’d like to talk to somebody about it. It’ll get him to stop complaining that I don’t trust him with anything… I can trust him with this, right?“How about it?” he asked. “Can I know that much?”I shrugged, “Okay,” before I proceeded to tell him about the visions I had up to the end of the Quidditch World Cup. When I finished, I explained, “I’m here to talk to Professor Trelawney about it.”As if it was voice activated, the circular trapdoor on the ceiling opened instantly and the silver ladder descended to the ground at our feet. We glanced at each other before we climbed up and into the room – I still considered it the strangest room I had ever set foot in at Hogwarts. It had twenty circular tables in the claustrophobically small room. It had many teacups and its perfume smell sickened me. I wouldn’t have survived going up there on a weekly basis.Professor Trelawney walked up to us – a thin woman with large glasses that magnified her eyes and wore many things that made noise as she walked. “My dear, how wonderful to see you again,” she said to me in her normal soft, misty voice. She turned to Marcus, “It's nice to meet you –”“Professor, I need you to help me control my Inner Eye or give me some way to trigger it when I want to,” I said to her, not wanting to waste any time.She looked at me in surprise. “My dear... this is quite something. You can't handle your Inner Eye yet?”I sighed in exasperation, “If I could, I wouldn’t be here.”She looked rather confused. “You shouldn’t force visions to come to –” her misty voice was gone, but I really didn't care.“I wouldn’t say force,” I replied diplomatically, “so much as magically induce it when I so decide to…”She looked like she was thinking quickly, and continued once again in her usual misty voice as she ran to a cabinet to search for something. “One way…” she pulled something out and came back over to us, “is for me to use this on you. I can open your senses further so that you have only to think of what you need to know, and it will materialize.”It was a pendulum, with red and white swirls like a lollipop. Just looking at it made me dizzy. “You're going to hypnotize me?” I asked dubiously.She nodded seriously.I thought of the guy standing next to me.. seeing me in such a vulnerable state where he could take advantage of Professor Trelawney’s help and use my hypnotism for his personal purpose of gaining my trust. He eagerly grinned at me…. and I vigorously shook my head. “I don’t trust it. Thank you for your help, Professor, but I suppose you’re right. I shouldn’t force the visions if they’ll come naturally anyway.”Professor Trelawney nodded with a triumphant smile. It was Marcus who retaliated.“Don’t be ridiculous! We came all the way up here —”I turned to leave, “— and I changed my mind. Let’s go.”“But I thought —!”I turned to leave, “It’ll be okay. It wasn’t that serious, so just forget about it.”Marcus followed me down the ladder… surprisingly not saying another word.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The remainder of the day seemed to go by normally until the Halloween feast where the Goblet of Fire stood in front of Professor Dumbledore's chair. The feast passed by a lot slower than usual. Everyone around me was tense and anxious for the choosing of the champions. People who were too young to have entered were tense at the idea of who might be selected, but none more so than those who did like Marcus and the Durmstrang students.When the golden plates and goblets were finally empty, everyone instantly started talking and whispering excitedly amongst each other. The sound only died down when Professor Dumbledore rose to his feet – on either side of him, Madame Maxime and Professor Karkaroff looked as tense and expectant as anyone else. Ludo Bagman beamed and winked at everyone. Mr. Crouch looked quite uninterested.“Well, the goblet is almost ready to make its decision,” Professor Dumbledore said. “I estimate that it requires one more minute. Now, when the champions' names are called, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber –” he gestured to the door behind the staff table, “– where they will be receiving their first instructions.”He took out his wand and gave a great sweeping wave with it; all the candles, except those inside the carved pumpkins, extinguished instantly. We were plunged into semidarkness. The Goblet of Fire shone more brightly than anything else, the flames such a bright cobalt blue that it hurt to look at it.The flames inside the goblet suddenly turned red, and sparks flew from it, then a tongue of flame shot into the air with a charred piece of parchment fluttering out of it. The whole room gasped.Professor Dumbledore caught it and held it at arm's length to read it in the light of the flames that had returned to its blue-white color.“The champion for Durmstrang,” he read, “will be Viktor Krum.”A storm of applause and cheering filled the hall. It wasn't a surprise. He did seem like he would be the best champion for it than anyone else in his school. Viktor rose from our table to stride up to Professor Dumbledore, turn right, walk along the staff table, and then disappeared through the door.“Bravo, Viktor!” Professor Karkaroff boomed loudly over the applause. “Knew you had it in you!”The clapping and chatting soon died down, all attention on the goblet once more. The flames turned red again and a second piece of parchment shot out of it to also be caught by Professor Dumbledore. If it was a game, he’d be winning with the ease at which he snatched each parchment out of the air.“The champion for Beauxbatons is Fleur Delacour!” he said.Clapping and cheering once more.Draco poked me. When I turned to look at him he pointed at the Ravenclaw table at the Beauxbatons students. Fleur Delacour went up – a girl with long, silvery blonde hair – while other girls looked very disappointed… actually, more than disappointed. Two of them burst into tears.I looked at Marcus who stared at the sobbing girls with a saddened look on his face.I nudged him, causing him to snap his attention back to the goblet without even a single glance at me.Okay, I thought curiously.When Fleur had disappeared from sight, there was even more tense silence. Now would be the choosing of the Hogwarts champion. It was as if every Hogwarts student in the room held their breaths at the same time…. Again, the flames burned red. A piece of parchment flew out and Professor Dumbledore caught it from the tip.“The Hogwarts champion is Cedric Diggory!” he said.All the Hufflepuffs jumped to their feet, screaming and stamping as a tall, physically well built guy with dark hair made his way through them while grinning broadly. When Cedric disappeared, Professor Dumbledore spoke again.“Excellent!” he called happily. “Well, we now have our three champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering your champions on, you will contribute in a very real —”He suddenly stopped speaking, for the fire in the goblet turned red once more, sparks flying out of it.Oh, right, I thought, crap he actually did it. I almost want to ask how.A long flame suddenly shot into the air and on top of it came another piece of parchment.Professor Dumbledore automatically reached out a long hand and seized it. He held it out and stared at it. There was a very long pause as he stared at it.He cleared his throat, and called out —“Harry Potter.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  
     Author’s Note: Just a small, lovely interruption adding onto what I mentioned in Prisoner of Azkaban about Melody’s relationship with Marcus being more dramatic than how it used to be. Because he was a big change to work around, it made more sense seriously speaking that he be the one to follow her to Professor Trelawney’s tower. I’m glad I changed it, because now it feels like there’s more meaning for everyone to view.
  

  
    Chapter Text
    I looked over at Harry just as everyone else did, and he looked completely dumbfounded by this – stunned – and he stayed seated as if silently hoping he'd heard wrong... that’s when the whispering began.“Of course,” Draco said with a scowl. “Always the center of attention.”The Gryffindor table all stared at him, many with open mouths. He said something to Ron and Hermione, looking utterly perplexed.“Harry Potter!” Professor Dumbledore called out once more. “Harry! Up here, if you please!”Hermione pushed him to his feet and he stumbled slightly. Making his way down the aisle between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables, everyone stared right at him.Once he made it to the front of the room, Professor Dumbledore whispered something before Harry walked off along the teachers' table, past a shocked Professor Hagrid, and through the door out of the Great Hall.It was silent for a while after. Madame Maxime looked absolutely furious and Professor Karkaroff smiled as if it were some sort of joke.Professor Dumbledore said, “You are all dismissed for the night... sweet dreams...” His normal jovial self was all gone, and so was the mood of excitement.As we all stood up, the Great Hall burst into angry conversations about Harry getting in the tournament unfairly. To me; after the three headmasters, Professor Snape, Professor McGonagall, 'Professor Moody', Mr. Crouch, and Mr. Bagman left; the maddest person I'd ever seen was Marcus. He literally cursed all the way back to the common room with Draco while Becky and I walked behind them at a semi-comfortable distance.“You'd think the whole school would hear them by now,” Becky whispered to me. “I’m sure Filch will come down here any minute to threaten them to shut their mouths.”“The entire school is probably all too busy with their own cursing,” I replied with a heavy sigh.We reached the common room, trudging in with the rest of Slytherin House – well, Becky and I were walking while everyone else was pretty much stampeding through to their own rooms.I sat down on the couch with a sigh, glad it was only Saturday night. Everyone would certainly be grumpy tomorrow if there were classes... Harry would be trying to stay out of the way of everyone's anger. Hopefully, he still has Ron and Hermione on his side... he wouldn't really care if I wanted to help him…… Not that it would make up for allowing this to happen.“Of course Potter got in! He gets away with everything, so he probably thought, 'why not this?'!!” Draco thundered.Becky let out a scoff, and Draco rounded on her.“Oh, but let me guess — you don't think so!”“I never said a word on the subject, so don't you yell at me like that!” Becky snapped back.Draco fumed, breathing heavily, but he didn't say anything else to her.Marcus paced by a corner, seemingly ready to pound the face in of anyone who came near him... or was he getting ready to punch the wall?“Both of you calm down,” I said softly. “So, Harry Potter has the spotlight again. It really shouldn't surprise you.”Draco stopped looking angry and was suddenly smug. “Potter won't even last a minute in the tournament.”
  I wouldn't go that far, but if it really makes you happy... okay then.
Marcus also smiled at that and started to leave the common room, saying, “I've got to tell –” but then he stopped. Instead, he plopped down next to me.“Who?” I asked, perplexed.“Hm?” he mumbled in fake surprise.“Who have you got to tell something to?”“Oh.. uh.. no one.”I raised an eyebrow, but Marcus quickly changed the subject. “We should go to bed – it'll be a long day tomorrow now that the excitement's over.” He stood and ran up the stairs to his dorm.Looking at Draco and Becky, I asked, “What was that about?”They shrugged their shoulders wordlessly.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Wormtail screamed in pain. “No...! N-No my Lord, I meant nothing –”

   “Of course you did!” screeched the high-pitched voice of Lord Voldemort. “Wormtail, you talk highly of yourself with what you've said, but I 
  
    trust
  
   my daughter!”

   “B-But, my Lord, if you really think about it –”

   “I will do no such thing! Together with my most trusted death eater, she will restore me to my former power! I have no complaints with her progress...”

   “I-I understand m-my Lord.. p-please forgive my stupidity. I do not know her like you do.”

   “Indeed not. I may be the only one to truly understand her, which she needs. I know I could have used it when I was her age, both of us pretending to be kind to other 
  
    idiots
  
  ....You do not understand, Wormtail. No one does…”
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I sat bolt upright in bed, breathing heavily and clutching at my heart. What did I just see?! What did Wormtail accuse me of that made dad so angry? Should I worry about Wormtail’s suspicions? Whatever it is... I hope dad doesn’t start questioning my loyalty, even if he says he trusts me…. Wait. He said he trusts me?“Melody?” Becky was already sitting up in bed with her black cat, Nightmare, in her lap. I glanced over at her, trying to be sure not to show my face.“W-What time is it?” I asked, still a bit confused.“.. You have a clock, look at it…” she replied. Oh, of course, she caught on. She’s making me show my face to her. Okay, fine, I'll show my face.I turned to look at the clock. 7:15. How long had Becky been up? Probably since six... I never see her wake up. Am I actually changing the subject in my mind? That vision must have really got to me.Apparently it did.Becky shot out of her bed and sat next to me on the edge of my bed. “Please tell me what you dreamt about, Melody! You have to tell me! Every time you have a bad dream, your face gets whiter every time... this is the worst I've seen!”I don't want her to worry so... ooh, what can I say? I slowly rubbed my eyes as I thought, delaying as much time as I possibly could while groaning sleepily.“What did you dream about?” Becky asked again, pulling one of my arms so she could look at my face.I blinked once. “I remember it was horrible but... I don't remember what happened.”Becky let out a sigh of exasperation.
  Sorry, Becky.
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Breakfast went by smoothly... for Lissy and Trixy. I liked watching them. It was so exhilarating to observe how carefree they were, because they animatedly signed to each other about homework and studied for upcoming quizzes with absolute zest. Meanwhile, I was lost in my thoughts with a worried Becky glancing at me every now and then.What could Wormtail have possibly accused me of? Treachery? Oh, please, he wouldn't know; the idiot that he is. But, more importantly... dad really trusts me. I'm close to him. That could be good for future reference, right? Oh, but what could be said about that? If he comes to power again, he might just put me at the center of attention as his daughter... I really don't need that! Everyone would also be after me!My mind wandered back to the potion. I'm going to need to put my magic into it. And emotions are good. If I give him my emotions, maybe something can be done about his heartless soul. It might not change his mind about going around killing everyone, but he'd have feelings like love and compassion. That could be good... or do those feelings already survive within such a dark soul? Are they merely being repressed?“Ouch!” I came out of my thoughts as something pinched my finger extremely hard. “Ebony, sometimes I think you're going to kill me with that angry attitude!” It was just my mom's crabby owl biting me with her sharpened beak — I swear she must sharpen somehow.I opened the letter, it was from grandpa. Dear Melody,It would be best for me to inform you that some time this week is the weighing of the wands for the contestants of the Triwizard Tournament. I want to tell you this, for due to what a great experience it will be for you, I would like to ask you to join in. You’ll be missing a class to help me, but I know how much you would love to assist. I will see you then.Best Wishes,Grandpa A smile flitted across my face. Yes!“Melody!”I looked up. All my friends were staring right at me. “Yes?” I asked, wondering what was going on. Did I miss something?“It's like you're not noticing us at all...” Marcus said, touching his hand to my forehead.
  He’s right. I didn’t even notice him sitting next to me.
“Well, blimey, I don't have a fever if that's what you're implying,” I said, gently pushing his hand away. “By the way, when did you all get here?” Last time I'd paid attention, it was just me and the girls. Now the guys were all suddenly there.“We've been here for almost ten minutes!” Draco exclaimed.“Oh, I'm sorry! I guess I got a bit too lost in thought...” I said sheepishly.“It's all right,” Marcus said sweetly, pulling me close to kiss me on the forehead. “Just don't talk to Ebony before us again.”“Awww!!” Becky bubbled… sarcastically?I snorted with laughter. Marcus shuffled uncomfortably in his seat.“What's the letter about?” Marcus asked, looking over my shoulder at it. “Ah.. I forgot they did that.”I showed the letter to everyone else.“What's the point of weighing the wands?” Lissy asked curiously.“So they can be sure the contestants' wands are in working order and will still work throughout the tasks. They'll definitely need to use them.” I said.“I can't wait for the first task,” Draco said with a smile. “I bet that Potter won't last five minutes. Anyone else want to make a bet?”“Count me out,” I said, standing up. “I'll be going to the library, then.”“But you haven't eaten!” Becky said, aghast.“Oh, I'm not hungry,” I said with a wave of my hand. I kissed the top of Marcus' head and said, “Ta ta!”“I'm coming with you!” Becky said, rushing after me.“Do you really not want me to be alone, or is it because it looks like Fred and George are coming, too?” I asked. Indeed, Fred and George saw me get up, and now they were slowly standing up and leaving their table to follow.“Hm, a little bit of both,” she replied with a happy chuckle.“I somehow doubt that.”“Which part?”“The little bit of both. I see it being only a little bit for me, and a lot – and I really mean a lot – for the twins. Most especially, Geor –” I ducked before she could hit me upside the head. “Ooh, looks like I've unleashed the true temper and humiliation within you!” I said, raising my arms up. “How is this even possible, may I ask the world at large?”Becky couldn't stop laughing at this.“Seriously! I thought you couldn't be embarrassed. I mean –”“This is different! Just shut up!” Becky said seriously.“Cross my heart, I will not say a word of the subject again,” I said as Fred snagged hold of my shoulder. “Whoa! Wha —”“Did you help him get in, Melody? Harry, I mean.” Fred asked me seriously. “It's okay, we won't tell... we'd just like to know…… well that, and why you didn't do it for us.”“This will be the first and last you will hear from me on this subject,” I said, brushing his hand unceremoniously off my shoulder. “I did no such thing. Even if I had tried helping him, I would not have succeeded, because you know what? There is no way to get past that line unless you are seventeen years of age or older.”“But you're smart. Surely –”“Oh, yeah, of course, use my smart-arse brain against me all you like. However, I couldn't have gotten past it myself if I'd wanted to try. I can't get past everything magical.. especially not if Professor Dumbledore put it up.”We reached the library and took our seats. George and Becky sat across from me.Fred plopped into the seat next to me, leaning toward me. “But... Melody –”I realized mid-sentence that he was far too close for comfort. His face slowly edged towards mine in such a close proximity that I felt his body heat, and suddenly everything was just far too hot. I was reminded of how Becky got George to admit what he and Fred had been hiding… except that Fred was an absolute failure at dealing with me.“Don't even try with me what Becky did to George. I have a boyfriend,” I said to him warningly.George blushed. Becky giggled.“But he's –”“Nothing you can do,” I said quickly. God, I never saw it coming for Fred to flirt. He leaned further into me like he was going to try something else, so I quickly stood. “I need to check the shelves for a book to... to.... To look up something for Ancient Runes! There’s a rune I can't quite recall.” Stupid, stupid, stupid!“I'll come with,” Fred said, standing up.I put my hand on his shoulder and pushed him back down, “No thanks.” I sped away and hid in the shelves, peeking over to see Fred shrugging his shoulders and Becky talking George’s ear off.“You can flirt with him if you like. It’s not like your boyfriend's doing any differently,” a soft voice said behind me.I spun around in surprise. “Oh! Addy you... wait, what was that you said?”Addy, my old Hufflepuff friend, sat in a chair holding open a rather large book across her lap. Her green eyes trained on me, she put the book down and sighed as she ran her fingers through her brownish blonde hair. “You heard me.”“But I don't understand.”“Melody, don't you see? Flint is cheating on you with one of the girls from that Beauxbatons school.”Silence. Then, “Really? There's not a conversation of 'Hi Melody, how are you doing?' 'Oh, hello Addy, I'm quite well, how about you?' 'Oh, everything is just swell.'? None of that? Just plain go straight to this point I don't believe?”Addy sighed again in exasperation, but smiled with a resounding chuckle. “I forgot about your sarcastic sense of humor.”“I just can't –”“But you must!”“Shh!!” Madam Pince walked by the bookshelf we were by, and clucked disapprovingly at Addy's tone.Addy rolled her eyes, but lowered her voice. “Haven't you seen the signs? He kept looking over at that girl that burst into tears because she didn’t get into the tournament. On top of that, I’ve also noticed trouble in paradise between you two. Any disagreement and you two stand a distance apart from each other.”“There were two specific girls that burst into tears that night, he could just be feeling bad for both of them. And as for our disagreements… that’s more me having a hard time compromising.”Addy looked as though she had to think quickly, “Before you left to come here, you were showing small affections toward him and the girl looked as though she would have liked to throw her fork at you. She was really jealous.”“Have you been stalk —? You know what? Never mind…. She could just be thinking about how handsome he is and wants to date him. Nothing I can't handle.”Addy gave a groan of frustration. “I – I saw the two of them kissing!”“When was this?!” Could Addy be making all of this up? She must be... well, Melody, you haven't looked into his mind lately... ooh, stop that! Thoughts belong to others, not me. I would hate it if people knew what I thought.“I was also visiting France, for a vacation. My brothers and I were walking along on the streets, and I saw them in a dark alley –”“It was dark, it could've been some other couple that wanted to be alone.”“Melody, listen!”“No. I can't believe that, Addy. No. I'm sorry,” I said, walking quickly back to the table while pushing forth my best innocent grin.I couldn’t help but feel a ring of truth from what she’d been telling me, but how could I really just believe her words after three years of nothing? From a logical standpoint, if I really ‘loved’ him like I was supposed to, then it would make more sense to act in complete disbelief. I knew I didn’t trust Marcus’ actions, but in reality I hadn’t even dreamed it could go in that direction.All I could do was think. I had to force myself to take a break from my schemes. I will have to think about how to react when the truth eventually blows up in his face, but for this moment I'd rather endure Fred's flirting than blow up my brain planning…. Thank you, Addy, for giving me the time to prepare. You did it out of honor, but the truth is.. I don’t even give a damn about Marcus, anyways.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Monday morning, we made our way to our Care of Magical Creature's class. The moment Draco set eyes on Harry was the moment a sneer took root upon his face. Becky and I steered away from him so as to avoid getting between them. I couldn't help but notice that Ron was as far away from Harry as he could possibly be. Aw, great…“Ah, look, boys, it's the champion,” he said to Vincent and Greg. “Got your autograph books? Better get a signature now, because I doubt he's going to be around much longer.... Half the Triwizard Champions have died... how long d'you reckon you're going to last, Potter? Ten minutes into the first task's my bet.”Oh, please, I thought to myself. If he keeps changing the amount of minutes, I’d have to assume that he knows Harry can take care of himself in dangerous situations.Vincent and Greg laughed at his 'great joke,' but his taunting ended and they stopped laughing when Professor Hagrid came out from the back of his cabin balancing in his arms a teetering tower of crates. Each one held a now-very-large Blast-Ended Skrewt.Professor Hagrid then proceeded to tell us all that he believed the reason the skrewts had been killing one another was because of an excess of held-back energy, and that his solution was for each of us to fix a leash on one and take it for a short walk.“That's it. My impending death will be because I took a Blast-Ended Skrewt for a walk.” I said softly to Becky, who chuckled.“Take this thing for a walk?” Draco repeated in disgust. I actually don't blame him for this today. “And where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?”“Roun' the middle,” Professor Hagrid said, proceeding to demonstrate this for us. “Er – yeah might want ter put on yer dragon-hide gloves, jus' as an extra precaution, like. Harry – you come here an' help me with this big one....”The skrewts were over three feet long, and they did not stand still. After struggling to put the stupid leashes on them while wearing thick dragon-hide gloves, they ran all over the place. Many people were being dragged around on their stomachs with no ability to get back to their feet. I ran after mine so it wouldn't happen to me, however its end would explode and send sparks shooting very fast in so many odd directions that it was hard to keep up with the pace and dodge at the same time.We must all look like a bunch of bloody idiots to anyone who happens to look outside the windows at us, I thought dryly, running out of breath and energy. Would this be interesting for people in History of Magic to watch, or what?Other than our ridiculous exercises for Care of Magical Creatures, a few days passed in which Draco excitedly talked about these badges he was going to make when we were in the common room doing homework. I just pretended to listen while noting to myself how Marcus had his arm wrapped possessively around me.There were so many occasions where it felt like his touch sent both a shiver and hot fury coursing into my skin through my blood. Can I trust Addy’s words? I don't want to act on it without evidence and be wrong… of course, my only plan of action can be to wait patiently. Something has to give in with his little act, and I will be the first to let him know what his decision cost him. I will not be made a fool out of.
  
    Chapter Text
    One day, a lot of the Slytherin students came to breakfast with new badges on their chests with the words: SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY –THE REAL HOGWARTS CHAMPION! “Would you like badges?” Draco asked Becky and I.“No thanks,” we said.“Why?” he asked.“I think there's enough of you all wearing them to make the point clear. I don't need my robes to get microscopic little holes in them just to show the world what I think,” I said dismissively.Becky's reason was this, “I'm quite fine with my S.P.E.W. Badge.”“What's spew?” he asked, stunned.“It's S.P.E.W, not spew. You do know that when people spell things out, it's supposed to be an acronym, right?” Becky asked him in annoyance.I rolled my eyes and told Draco, “You really don't want to know what it's for. Just don't ask. Trust me.”After lunch that afternoon was Double Potions with the Gryffindors. We waited outside the dungeons for class to start. Harry and Hermione were last to come from lunch, and I saw Draco's smirk as they walked up.Harry's eyes were immediately drawn to the badges that most of the Slytherins were wearing.“Like them, Potter?” Draco asked loudly. “And this isn't all they do – look!”This I hadn't expected to be put into it... but, knowing Draco, of course it was there. He pressed his badge like a button, and the message changed to: POTTER STINKS He and the others howled with laughter. Harry's face burned a bright red.“Oh very funny, really witty,” Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy.“Want one, Granger?” Draco asked, holding out a badge to her. “I've got loads. But don't touch my hand, now. I've just washed it, you see; don't want a Mudblood sliming it up.”
  Ugghhhh, now you've done it, Draco… and he wondered 
  
    why
  
   I said he was like my deck of playing cards.
Harry had reached for his wand, and everyone scrambled out of the way.“Harry!” Hermione called out. At least she can generally keep a cool head.“Go on, then, Potter,” Draco said quietly, taking out his own wand.“Draco! Stop this before it gets out of hand!” I growled. He blatantly ignored me.Draco continued talking, “Moody's not here to look after you now – do it, if you've got the guts –”There was a very short, split second in which the two stared each other down, and then they acted at the exact same time.Harry yelled, “Furnunculus!”And Draco, “Densaugeo!”A very horrible setback was that their spells didn't hit each other, but bystanders. Harry's spell hit Greg, and Draco's hit Hermione. Greg covered his nose with his hands after giving a shout of pain, on which there were great ugly boils springing up. Hermione clutched at her mouth in a panic.Ron gave a loud bellow of, “Hermione!” He hurried forward to see what had happened to her and dragged her hand away from her face. Her front teeth – already larger than average – were growing at a very alarming rate. She felt her teeth and gave a terrified cry. Oh, jeez…Although I really wanted to see if I could help fix Hermione, I only had to recall how bad it would look. I opted, instead, to rush over to Greg and study the angry red boils that continued finding new patches of skin to pop up on. I grit my teeth at the sight, instead backing up as one of the boils expanded in size.. threatening to pop. Disgusting.If Harry had botched the spell even slightly, Greg would’ve been a lot worse off. The boils could’ve ended up with faces and voices of their own, making it a lot more complicated of a fix. Thankfully, he’d obviously perfected it for just that sort of occasion.“Isn’t there something you can do?” Draco asked, panicky.“He needs the Boil-Cure Potion —”“And what is all this noise about?” said a soft, deadly voice. Of course, Severus, now is a perfect time for you to give a scary and menacing appearance – not!The boys clamored to give their explanations to the professor, talking over each other to the point that they were yelling at the top of their lungs. He got tired of it soon enough, and pointed a long finger at Draco saying, “Explain.”You would pick Draco… I thought, holding back a well deserved eye roll.“Potter attacked me, sir –”“We attacked each other at the same time!” Harry interrupted exasperatedly.“– and he hit Goyle – look –”Professor Snape examined Greg's face, which was now so covered with boils that there couldn’t possibly be any more room for any extra. He then calmly stated, “Hospital wing, Goyle.”Greg did not hesitate to hurry away.“Malfoy got Hermione! Look!” Ron said hurriedly, forcing Hermione to show Professor Snape her teeth, which had then grown past her collar.Professor Snape just looked at her coldly and said, “I see no difference.”Becky's mouth I noticed, and my own, dropped wide open. Severus... why must you be so mean?Hermione let out a small whimper, her eyes filling up with tears. She turned on her heel, ran all the way up the corridor, and vanished from sight.Harry and Ron started shouting at Professor Snape at the exact same time... I don't blame them for the words they must have wanted to call him after what he had just said.“Let's see,” he said when they finally piped down. “Fifty points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley. Now get inside, or it'll be a week's worth of detentions.”Harry and Ron went in first, and the rest of us followed. Becky and I went in last, spotting the last table open, which was closest to Harry... who sat all alone. Ron was instead seated with Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnegan.Professor Snape seemed to float to the front of the classroom and, dracula-like, turned towards us with his cape wrapped around him.“Antidotes!” he said, looking around at us with his eyes glittering with… is that excitement? “You should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew them carefully, and then we will be selecting someone on whom to test one....” He looked right at Harry.There was a knock on the dungeon door. Colin Creevey edged into the room, beaming at Harry and me, and walked up to Professor Snape.“Yes?” Professor Snape said curtly.“Please, sir, I'm supposed to take Harry Potter and Melody Riddle upstairs.”Professor Snape stared imperiously down at Colin, whose smile faded almost immediately.“Potter and Riddle have another hour of Potions to complete,” he replied coldly. “They will come upstairs when this class is finished.”Colin went pink. “Sir – sir, Mr. Bagman wants them,” he said nervously. “All the champions have got to go, I think they want to take photographs... and Mr. Bagman said they needed Melody —”“Very well, very well,” the professor snapped in annoyance. “Both of you, leave your things here. I want you back down here later to test your antidotes.”“Please, sir – they've got to take their things with them,” Colin squeaked, still nervous. “All the champions –”“Very well!” he said. Well, someone's very cranky today. “Potter, Riddle – take your bags and get out of my sight!”The three of us quickly headed out before his temper could get any worse. Once out of the classroom, Colin was back to his normal, cheerful self. Harry, however, looked rather deflated about this.“It's amazing, isn't it, Harry?” Colin asked the moment the dungeon door closed. “Isn't it, though? You being champion?”“Yeah, really amazing,” Harry said dryly. “What do they want photos for, Colin?”“The Daily Prophet, I think!”“Great, exactly what I need. More publicity…. What do they need you for?” Harry had actually turned his attention to me.“Oh...” I thought he was going to ignore me the whole way there. Guess not. “I’m not sure, something about your wands,” I lied.Harry looked puzzled, but left it at that. He might have sort of trusted me after the previous year, but he was definitely upset about the whole tournament. I couldn’t even blame him for being short with either me or Colin. Triwizard Tournament? I'd die just hearing my name get called out.“Good luck!” Colin said when we reached the correct room. Harry knocked on the door, and the two of us walked in. Colin bounded happily away.It was a rather small classroom, but the other champions were already there. Ludo Bagman was there, too, talking to a witch in magenta robes who didn't look familiar, but who I figured was probably very important to be allowed in the school during the tournament.Ludo spotted Harry and jumped right over to him. I got out of the way as quickly as possible.“Ah, here he is! Champion number four! In you come, Harry, in you come... nothing to worry about, it's just the wand weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges will be here in a moment – looks like one is here now –”
  Who? Oh, he was talking about me... heh.
“Wand weighing?” Harry repeated, looking over his shoulder at me questioningly.I gave him a half-hearted smirk and a shrug.Ludo answered. “We have to check that your wands are fully functional, no problems, you know, as they're your most important tools in the tasks ahead. The expert's upstairs now with Dumbledore. And then there's going to be a little photo shoot. This is Rita Skeeter,” he added, gesturing toward the witch he'd been talking to before. “She's doing a small piece on the tournament for the Daily Prophet....”Oh... Rita Skeeter... that horrible woman who writes the articles that pretty much say 'lies' all over them? I only read one of her articles and, when one is a certain way, I know all the others she writes are the exact same.Everything I’d read was so over-exaggerated and utterly ridiculous that I’d automatically tossed it in the garbage. Even grandpa had to give me an “I told you so,” because he never trusted the stories in the Daily Prophet. “Garbage I tell you.”“Maybe not that small, Ludo,” Rita said, looking at Harry as if he was going to have loads to tell her. “I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we start? The youngest champion, you know... to add a bit of color?”“Certainly!” Ludo replied. “That is – if Harry has no objection?”“Er –” Harry began to say.“Lovely,” Rita said. Ooh, she won't even let him say yes or no! Rita then had Harry's upper arm in hand…  and pulled him into a freaking broom cupboard.“I suppose you need secrecy for an article as big as his would make,” Ludo said to me, still smiling broadly.“Sure, if you want to suffocate in a tight space instead of give proper answers,” I replied.Ludo burst into laughter, and slapped his hand on my shoulder. “That's a good joke!”When he wasn’t looking at me, I rolled my eyes. I was being completely serious. I looked around the room and caught Viktor's eyes, he smirked. I waved a hand at him as if to say 'I don't care' and he just gave a small laugh – not one I heard, but I know he did one.Ludo left me to talk to the photographers, and Cedric walked up to me. What does he want, I wonder?“I'm sorry, what exactly are you doing here?”“I'm here to help weigh the wands... or at least observe,” I replied. “My grandpa is Garrick Ollivander. He thought it would be nice to allow me to come see this.”“You’re really his granddaughter?” he asked in surprise.“The one and only,” I said with an awkward chuckle.He smiled. Charming for the girls who practically fling themselves at him, perhaps. “Do you actually want to be here?”“Oh, yes,” I said with a vigorous nod. “I love learning about wands – I swear, I'm not being sarcastic about that – it's really just fascinating. Grandpa has had yet to teach me about how you know when a wand's not exactly in perfect working order... however, your wands are probably all fine considering just about anyone would notice that their wands were too old to handle a competition of this caliber.”He took his wand out, “I thought so, too.”Oh my God, his wand! “Your wand is beautiful!” I said in awe. It really was. From where I stood, I could see the wood was ash, and it was just… ahh, a work of art! Compared to the ash wands I’d sold from the shop, Cedric’s had obviously been polished very well due to the way it glistened in the light. His handle had to be going through a daily rough polish for it to look so smooth, and yet give him a steady grip. “You take care of it really well...”Cedric smiled appreciatively.
  Ash... so he's probably 
  
    very
  
   stubborn and 
  
    very
  
   courageous. No wonder the Goblet of Fire chose him. He is an 
  
    ideal
  
   candidate for the tournament.
Just then, Professor Dumbledore walked in, closely followed by grandpa. Grandpa looked around and, once he spotted me, he quickly made his way over and stood next to me. He wrapped an arm affectionately around my shoulders, smiling cheekily as I gently hugged him around his torso. Cedric, in the meantime, went to stand by the other two champions.Professor Dumbledore looked around. “And where might our fourth champion be?”“Ah, in the broom cupboard with Skeeter. I think it's time for you to save him,” I said, to which a few people chuckled. Especially grandpa.“I hate that woman,” grandpa mumbled to me as Professor Dumbledore made his way over to the broom cupboard. “She’s the reason I don’t read the Daily Prophet anymore.”“I know. I’m right there with you,” I whispered back to him.Harry took his place with the champions, and Professor Dumbledore sat down at the judges' table.“May I introduce Mr. Ollivander?” Professor Dumbledore said. “He will be checking your wands to ensure that they are in good condition before the tournament.”I followed grandpa into the empty space in the middle of the room.“Mademoiselle Delacour,” he said politely, “could we have you first, please?”Fleur came over and handed him her wand.I studied it, surprised by its beauty. It wasn’t beautiful like Cedric's due to polishing, but for its naturality. It looked as rough as a plain stick one might find on the ground outside, and yet its dark hue made me think of earth freshly planted with beautiful flowers.“Hmmm...” grandpa said, twirling it between his fingers as though it were a baton. It shot out a small number of pink and gold sparks. Then he held it close to his eyes to examine it closely. I leaned in as well.“Looks good,” I mumbled, and he just nodded.“Yes, nine and a half inches... inflexible... rosewood... and containing... dear me...”
  Rosewood? Grandpa's never used that one before... ugh, Fleur's a mystery to me, then. Darn it.
Fleur replied before grandpa could say anything else, “An 'air from ze 'ead of a veela. One of my grandmuzzer's.”
  Ooh... 
  
    fascinating
  
  !
“Yes,” grandpa replied, “yes, I've never used veela hair myself, of course. I find it makes for rather temperamental wands... however, to each his own, and if this suits you...”
  Mental note: veela hair makes a very temperamental wand… only the most unique of witches may be able to tame it.
Grandpa ran his fingers along the wand then to be sure it was full and there were no cracks or crevices – for if there were, then it was possible that the wand could break in the middle of one of the tasks. But, this wand was safe. When he stopped, he instantly went to test its spell performance in which he muttered, “Orchideous!” and a bunch of flowers sprung from the tip.“Very well, very well, it's in fine working order,” grandpa said, scooping up the flowers to hand them and the wand to Fleur. “Mr. Diggory, you next.”Fleur glided back to her seat and smiled at Cedric as he passed her to give grandpa his wand.“Ah, now, this is one of mine, isn't it?” grandpa asked, more enthusiastic as Cedric handed over his oh-so-beautiful wand. “Yes, I remember it well. Containing a single hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn... must have been seventeen hands; nearly gored me with his horn after I plucked his tail. Twelve and a quarter inches... ash... pleasantly springy. It's in fine condition.... You treat it regularly?”“Polished it last night,” Cedric said proudly, grinning.Grandpa used Cedric's wand to send a stream of silver smoke rings across the room, and announced that it gave a satisfying performance. ‘Perfection’ in Ollivander speak. Then, “Mr. Krum, if you please.”Viktor got up and came over to hand his wand to grandpa, scowling. Well, doesn't he like to make everything entertaining with his signature expression?“Hmm,” grandpa said, “this is a Gregorovitch creation, unless I'm much mistaken?” I instantly leaned in toward Viktor's wand at that sentence. Indeed, the formation of the wand – like Fleur's – was completely different than grandpa's. Grandpa liked to make his wands smooth, while Gregorovitch made his wands a bit more rough, perhaps so it would be impossible to drop. “A fine wand-maker, though the styling is never quite what I... however...”He lifted the wand above his eyes, turning it over and over. Viktor’s seemed average after witnessing Fleur’s and Cedric’s wands. His was a whitish brown in color, and well taken care of. The more grandpa turned it around, the sooner I finally noticed that it was really thick and had a more pronounced curve than I was used to seeing in wands.“Yes... hornbeam and dragon heartstring?” he asked Viktor, who just nodded. “Rather thicker than one usually sees... quite rigid... ten and a quarter inches... Avis!”The wand let out a sound like a shot from a gun. Some small, twittering birds flew out of the end and through the open window.“Good,” grandpa said, handing Viktor his wand. “Which leaves... Mr. Potter.”Harry got up, walked past Viktor to grandpa, and handed him his wand.His wand… was more disappointing to look at. Though it was in one piece, there were finger marks all over it — which he’d tried last minute to wipe off using his robe while grandpa studied Cedric’s wand — and the reason for the finger marks was the fact that the wand wasn’t clean.“Aaaaah, yes,” grandpa said reminiscently. Obviously none of that stops grandpa from being happy to see it. “Yes, yes, yes. How well I remember.”Grandpa spent a whole lot longer on Harry's wand. Yup, we were definitely missing all of Potions... hm, Severus must be furious. I thought about his anger and, in my mind, I laughed hysterically about it.Grandpa finally made a fountain of wine shoot out of the end of Harry's wand, and then handed it back to Harry with the announcement that his was in perfect condition as well.Professor Dumbledore stood up, “Thank you all. You may now go back to your lessons now – or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner, as they are about to end –”“How was that?” grandpa asked me as Ludo shrieked that it was actually time for pictures.“It was brilliant,” I said with a smile. “Although, I couldn’t help but notice that Harry’s wand made you extra happy.”He awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck, “Perhaps that will be a story for another time.”Okay… that’s a weird reaction, I thought as I instead asked what I had been most worried about over the months. “Have Jim and Nick been settling in well?”“Oh, just swell,” he said, smiling proudly at the change in subject.“And mom, grandma, and Blake?”“All perfectly healthy.”“And you?”“Right as a feather!” he replied with a laugh.I smiled brightly, giving him another hug. “Great. I’ll see you all again in the summer.”“No interest in Gerald’s well-being?” he asked as I pulled away.I pretended to think about it, finger on my chin, before I said, “Nah. He doesn't deserve my best wishes.”Grandpa chuckled, “He said the same thing about you before I left to come here. Everyone gives you their love, except him.”“Well, you know him. He always has to be the exception to everything we do,” I said, laughing contentedly.After all of that, I went to dinner happily, and sat down next to Becky with an air of joy. Enough to put a decent amount of food on my place, to Becky’s grin of approval.“So,” I said, “who was poisoned in class today?”“Everyone,” Becky said with a laugh. “Snape was not happy about you and Potter leaving early.”“Why are you laughing?” I asked, horrified. “He poisoned you!”“Well, I had nothing to worry about. My antidote was perfect. Even if it wasn’t, he wasn’t going to let any of us die of poisoning.”“Sometimes, I'm not so sure about that,” I said seriously. “If Harry and I had come back in time, he would have let us die.”Becky scoffed, “Maybe Potter, but never you.”
  
    Chapter Text
    "I really don't see the appeal of those badges," I said, more to myself than to anyone else.I was in the common room with Draco, Marcus and Lissy. Draco was lounging on an armchair, Lissy and I sat cross-legged on the couch facing each other, and Marcus sat on the floor next to me with his elbows on the center table. We were all working on our homework, and at the same time I was actively being a tutor.I found a process that worked for me where they could ask me questions whenever they got confused, and when they finished I could check their work so they knew what they needed more studying on. Meanwhile, I could work on my homework and the extra essays for Professor Snape while I waited."They get on Potter's nerves, so they do their duty," Draco explained, keeping his eyes glued on his History of Magic essay about Merlin's accomplishments. "He likes the spotlight so much, he can have it."I shrugged, not that he noticed. I felt a swelling of pride for how focused he was on his work, whereas in previous years it was difficult for him to not get distracted.Then my eyes fixated on the back of Marcus' head, and it felt like I was burning holes into it. I wanted to peek into his brain to see for sure that Addy had told me the truth, but I knew my only option would be to patiently wait for the truth to be revealed. I could still remember Professor Dumbledore's warning to me when we first met about reading people's minds without their permission. There was no knowing if he could track that I was committing the act, so I wasn't about to act irrationally... not when it was about something that should've been insignificant to me.It felt like I shouldn't care about what he was doing since I didn't reciprocate the same feelings he claimed to have toward me..... Well, that is the problem. If it's true, why couldn't he just break up with me for crying out loud? If he couldn't because he knew there was no other guaranteed way to stay in the good graces of the Dark Lord, then he's got another thing coming. It just proves that saying he loves me is a lie, and this whole relationship really is a hoax. Once the truth is revealed, I will make him feel sorry he ever crossed —I quickly turned my attention back to my essay on alchemy versus potion brewing when Marcus lifted his head up, suddenly alert, and turned to look at me. He had to have felt my negative energy to stop what he was doing, so I tried to compose my thoughts into focusing on my work.What am I thinking? I berated myself. I shouldn't be planning to do anything to him. It's not that serious.. then why am I itching for revenge?I must've had a pissed off expression. When he gently tapped my leg, causing  me to turn my gaze on him, his eyebrows were furrowed with worry. "Is everything okay?"I forced a reassuring smile,"Of course. Why wouldn't it be?"He hesitated, "You look.. Upset.""Oh.." I glanced at my essay for inspiration. "It's just that the next sentence of this essay seems to be... eluding me. Nothing to worry about."With an uncertain nod, he turned back to his homework. I found myself impulsively glaring at the back of his skull again. Nothing to worry about, indeed... yet.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛As I had suspected, Rita Skeeter had taken her story on Harry to a new extreme. Becky got the Daily Prophet from Draco the next day at breakfast, and read it to me."'I suppose I get my strength from my parents. Iknow they'd be very proud of me if they could seeme now... Yes, sometimes at night I still cryabout them, I'm not ashamed to admit it... Iknow nothing will hurt me during the tournament,because they're watching over me...'"And then she went even further than that!'Harry has at last found love at Hogwarts. His closefriend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seenout of the company of one Hermione Granger, astunningly pretty Muggle-born girl who, like Harry,is one of the top students in the school.'"That's a new low..." I muttered. "Her stories already seem like obvious lies, but when you know the real truth behind them it shows just how ridiculous she is.""The truth?" Becky asked curiously."Becky," I stated in annoyance. "Who in their right mind would ever tell a news reporter that they cry every night over their dead parents? No one!"She placed her chin in her hands thoughtfully. "That's true... and Harry was only a year old when his parents died. He never knew them —""Exactly!" I interjected as Lissy and Trixy sat across the table from us.Trixy tapped the table to get our attention. "Isn't that a bit of a stretch? If I were Harry Potter, I know I'd cry."Becky snorted derisively, "The devil incarnate lies again! You've never cried a day in your life! Not even when I locked you in a dark room when you were two!"Trixy beamed in response, mockingly sticking her tongue out at her sister.I stared at Becky, "Should I be worried about what you've just admitted to?"She slowly turned to glare at me, "That worries you? That was revenge... that's how long I've been suffering from her tyranny! What about when I told you that she once set up firecrackers next to my bed while I was sleeping?"I put a hand to my mouth to stifle my laughter. I remembered her telling me the story before. Wizarding world firecrackers were like Muggle land mines. Set up the trap for an unsuspecting person, watch them step on it.. and as soon as they stepped off of it, whichever foot — or feet — went into contact with it were hexed to feel like they were set aflame.Becky finished the story, "When I got up the next morning... all I heard were cracks before it felt like my feet were in flames for a whole two hours!"Lissy tried as hard as I did to stifle her laughter, but in the end... it didn't work for either one of us as we helplessly doubled over the table."Not my fault you were a deep sleeper," Trixy joked.I stared between them in disbelief, finally settling my attention onto Becky. "You a deep sleeper? I never thought I'd hear that as a solid description of you!""Oh, shut up Melody!" she snapped. "Believe it or not, but Trixy sleeps even less than I do while still having the constant energy and prank ideas!"I didn't even turn to Trixy, I went straight to Lissy. "Have you ever seen Trixy sleep?""Not even once," Lissy admitted, staring at the sisters just as hard as I did. "I wish I'd thought to ask if it was genetic.""Is it really that shocking?" Becky asked curiously.Trixy moved her hands with fluid speed, "To be technical, the human body should be able to function off of only a few hours of sleep. Everyone else is always so tired because they sleep six or more hours, leaving their bodies in a consistently weakened state."Lissy and I had no response for that. I'd always heard scientists say that a healthy human body always needed eight hours of sleep, but... Trixy and Becky proved to be some odd exceptions. We could only shrug wordlessly.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛"The Dark Lord hasn't personally taught you any Dark Magic?" Barty asked as we walked through the Forbidden Forest for a wide enough clearing for training.He practically bounced along with joy at the revelation of being in his own body after so many long weeks as 'Professor Moody.' His straw-colored hair swept back and forth as he energetically skipped through. His robes looked like more of a brown trenchcoat, but it was admittedly a good style for his skinny body structure. He carried two hoops in one hand and, considering his childish giddiness, I half expected him to use one for hula-hooping.We had snuck away under the effects of my Disillusionment Charm. I only took it off once he was satisfied that we were safely out of sight from prying eyes."Only personal morals and such," I admitted. "I believe without being in his own body, he couldn't quite teach me the way he wanted to. So I never pressed him.""Well," he said, licking his lips excitedly. "Lucky for you, I'm such a great teacher. By the end of today, you'll be so skilled that you can do any Dark spells you set your mind to."I glanced at him in amusement. "Do you normally enjoy flattering yourself, Barty?"He glanced over his shoulder at me with innocent eyes, "If I don't, then who will?"I observed the lack of foliage of the trees above me in thought, the leaves mostly gone but for a few remaining tough brown ones. "I suppose you have a point there," I said with a wry smile, imagining Barty as one of the remaining brown leaves... steadfast in his loyalty and belief in my father. I could even say that I was secretly admiring that about him."Here's perfect," he said, bringing my line of sight back down to earth.It was a very wide clearing, one I almost hadn't suspected even existed in the thick forest. The number of clearings I had ever been brought to weren't even nearly half the size of the one Barty found."What your father wishes you to learn is Apparition," he said, throwing one hoop down and then taking a deliberate number of steps away before throwing the other one down. "And not just the usual Apparition, but how to do it silently.""Silence is an option?" I asked, eyebrows furrowed.He gave a knowing look, "Of course... for those that are willing to use Apparition with the intent of dark purposes."I'm going to regret this, aren't I? I thought wryly, realizing I'd have to use Dark Magic to prove myself trustworthy... as well as learn how to Apparate without earning a license for it despite perfecting it. "How's that?" I asked."Imagine yourself as an assassin, right? You can't assassinate someone if they hear you coming, so you must follow through with the intent that they not even hear a measly pop... But let's not get ahead of ourselves here." Barty gestured to the two hoops he had set up at least thirty feet away from each other. "You need to practice Apparating from one hoop to the other. To do that, you need to have absolute focus as you literally spin yourself into the other hoop."I swallowed a lump in my throat as I went to stand in a hoop, "Okay... okay...."He licked his lips as he cocked his head to one side, "Why do you look nervous, princess?"Suspicious already? We haven't even gotten to the Dark Magic part yet! "I.. I — um..." I don't want to tell him why I'm hesitating, but what else can I really tell him? That I am worried I'm not strong enough to help my father..? No, no, no, then I would definitely be considered weak and incompetent."You shouldn't be nervous about Dark Magic. That has to be one of the major subjects you should know as the Dark Lord's daughter —""No, it — it's not that.." I sighed, realizing I had to be honest with him about the one thing I hate. "It's just.... Ugh, Apparition makes me sick."He looked so confused, it would've been hilarious if I wasn't so nervous. "You... don't like it?""No, it makes me sick. So sick, in fact, that I need to vomit."He was silent a moment as he contemplated what I was saying... then he burst into laughter. "You — you get Apparition sickness?! Ah, that's brilliant that is!"I glared at him, "Well, I'm glad you're so amused by it. But that doesn't help me.""Agh, don't be so stiff about it," he said, a surprisingly encouraging smile on his lips as he went to stand behind me. "Close your eyes and relax," he whispered, deeply massaging my shoulders with his fingertips.I was tense at first contact, but eventually I relaxed my muscles until I actually had a calm state of mind to feel safe enough in his presence to allow myself to close my eyes. The only light I could see was that of the sun trying to burn through my eyelids.He released me, and I heard him take a few steps back before he continued. "Now focus on the hoop over there. Don't actually look at it, just remember how it looks in your head... remember where it is in the clearing... focus your thoughts only on getting over there."I formed the hoop in my mind's eye, only a short distance away from me compared to all the possible places I could go in the world."Now," Barty continued, "spin your body while still focusing on that hoop. Imagine spinning right into it, and — to top it off for extra credit — imagine that there is someone at that hoop that you want to surprise."With one deep breath, my mind focused on the hoop and on the forced thought of Marcus being there with his back turned toward me — unaware of my impending presence to catch him in his possible misdeeds... to make him regret it. The thought actually made me smile as I split my focus perfectly in half.I spun around three times and felt the familiar sickness hit my stomach. I had to force myself to choke it down so as not to make a costly mistake.Admittedly, despite the need to throw up, there was also a pleasurable feeling of electricity coursing through my blood. It was short-lived, but my body still tingled when I finished.I stopped spinning and opened my eyes. I had actually landed in the hoop on the other side of the clearing, and Barty waved at me next to the hoop I had just left.I held a hand to my mouth in an attempt to hold back the need to empty my full stomach. I shouldn't have eaten before coming here, I thought, tasting the bile building up at the back of my throat."You are a quick learner," Barty said with a mischievous smile, walking over to stand in the space between the hoops. "I didn't hear a pop, and you avoided the usual splinch. Keep going. Extra practice leads to it becoming second nature!""And hopefully to stop getting queasy," I said as I Apparated silently back to the other hoop, holding my hand to my mouth again.He chuckled, obviously enjoying how sick I was starting to feel.I Apparated again "You know wha —? Ughh.." I held back a vomit. "I don't think I need any more practice. You're just torturing me!"His smile never went away, "Well, princess, torture is one of my few enjoyable hobbies. The Imperius Curse wouldn't work on you in class, so I'm glad I found something."Out of pure revenge, I Apparated behind him. "Oh yeah?" he flinched, spinning toward me with mild surprise.. very mild. I held back another vomit attempt, "Well.. mmph... now I've learned it. On to the next one."With one small smirk, he regained what little composure he'd lost. "One more lesson for the day then, and that'll be the energy stealing spell. Repeat after me.. Foo-ra."I mimicked his pronunciation, "Foo-ra.""Vee-zay.""Vee-zay.""There you go. Fura Visé."Fura Visé.""That one can be done without a  wand... that is if you're capable enough."I crossed my arms across my chest, realizing he was testing the lengths of the humility I'd foolishly shown that night we were searching for the Resurrection potion. "Is there really any doubt?"His grin widened, "For a dark spell, any dark spell as you saw with the silent Apparition, you need to possess the malicious intent to make it work... Think of someone you would wish harm to."I put my chin on my hand in fake thought. "I'm not sure I can think of anyone in particular.."He stared at me, as if he were partially dubious and mostly confused. "Not even Potter?"I almost laughed at how he spat the boy's name, but I kept it in and rolled my eyes instead. As I opted to stretch my arms out, I said, "I bear him no ill will. He snarled, "He nearly killed your father, the most powerful Dark Wizard alive!"That did it. I laughed so hard my sides hurt."Why are you laughing?" he all but screeched."Him? Him as a baby — haha — nearly killing dad? Barty, you're a riot!"His face went red, "What am I missing?!"I took a few deep breaths in the attempt to stop laughing, looking at him with a few laughs still escaping. "Hehe, what was he going to do? Heh, smack him to death with a rattler?"He crossed his arms with a pout, turning away from me, "You know what I'm talking about, dammit."I tightened my hand into a fist and put in my mouth to hold back another barrage of laughs. For him to be a skilled Dark Wizard, I would've never expected to see him pout like a little kid.I forced a calm composure, allowing only a smile before I put a hand on his shoulder. "Look, I know he's my dad's enemy due to whatever prophecy tied their fates together.... But, in the end, that's a battle between the two of them. I personally have no vendetta against the boy."Barty swiped my hand off his shoulder with a scowl. "His enemies are your enemies. You would do well to learn that."I made a face like I was thinking about it before I shrugged. "Not really.""Not really?" he repeated questionably."Nope," I replied simply."And what might be your deductive reasoning for that?""Think of it this way... as much as you and the rest of his devoted followers want to hate Potter for his downfall, where's it really going to get you? If I also bear ill tidings to him, he'll be dead before dad even gets a hold of him."He finally looked at me with piqued interest. "What's so wrong about that?""Dad wants him dead by his hands only..." I said, hoping it was making sense to the practically insane man before me. "This is our fourth year at this school. Imagine how many opportunities I've had to kill him, myself, but I haven't out of respect for dad.""If you had just done it, he would have nothing to worry about and you would have the highest praise."I snorted, placing my hand on his shoulder again. "Not quite. I'd be dead for harming even the hair on his head. Fair warning for you as to why he wants you to teach him well, and assist him through the tasks so he gets to him in one piece."He walked away slightly from my grasp, leaving me to drop my hand to my side."That is just so he can be used for the potion, nothing more," he growled. "Because if he still makes it back in one piece, I'll kill him myself. Then I'll be the Dark Lord's most trusted Death Eater and you —“ he pointed dramatically at me, "will be catering to me."No, you'll be dead, I thought with a sigh. Funny how he's basically threatening that I'll be a slave, and it just isn't fazing me. I know it won't work the way he thinks it will, but I should at least be pissed, right?"A sigh? That's all you have for me?" he asked pompously."A threat is only serious if you can back it up with something concrete, and..." I looked him up and down, "you don't possess that.""I'll show you how well I can carry out my threats..." he promised softly, walking over so close that he stared down at me.I grinned, feeling the amount of power he felt he had over me. His emotions had skyrocketed to such a level that I didn't even have to try to look into his mind... he wanted to make me nervous.Malicious intent is supposed to work, right? I thought, wanting nothing more than to take his cockiness down a peg. Without thinking more about it, I placed both of my hands on his chest and whispered, "Fura Visé."A surge of the now familiar energy shot up my arms from my fingertips. It felt as though it was traveling through my blood at high speed, filling me up until it had made it to the top of my head and the soles of my feet.Barty's legs buckled from underneath him, and he gave me one baffled look before crumbling to the ground in front of me.Not only did I feel absolutely exhilarated at the feeling of his energy flowing quickly through me... but I could also sense the darkness that came with it. It not only came from the magic I just used, but it was also in the energy I had stolen from him. Deep, alluring and intoxicating darkness. So much so, I felt my own grin grow wider as I looked down on him."Show me more," I demanded.After his initial shock, he grinned back at me. "To do that, princess, I need my energy back."I pouted irritably, "But your energy feels freaking amazing, Barty."He gestured his hand in a 'give it back' motion. "Precisely. I worked hard for that energy, and it's time you received your own. You've earned that ability."I actually smiled excitedly at the compliment... at least, what Barty considered a compliment.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I was in the library with Harry and Hermione later that day — I know, I know, why was Harry there? He's never there! He and Ron were still not speaking, so that left Hermione to juggle spending separate time with each of them than she could muster.In the end, though, I could have cared less about the fact that wonder boy was studying with us while Becky and the twins were off doing God knows what. I wasn't even worried about that! I also barely registered Hermione's rants about Viktor Krum and the gaggle of girls that would loudly follow him through the library."He's not even good-looking," she'd muttered angrily.My thoughts basically left Harry to suffer through her complaints all by himself.All I could agonize about was my lesson with Barty, and the fact that I could barely stop myself from the joy of practicing the forbidden magic he was teaching me.I had been out there with him for hours up until he had to tell me it was time to quit. He still had duties to attend to with Professor Dumbledore, plus staff meetings.After the energy stealing spell, he'd taught me one of dad's personal creations: broomless flight. That one was definitely fun. It was like... like the power flowing through me was covering me in a heat that couldn't be quenchable. I enjoyed the feeling of the black smoke that surrounded me like a thundercloud, to fly without the uncomfortability of the wood of a broomstick between my legs.Of course Dark Magic made me feel powerful, I should've reigned in my feelings when I felt that! Shame, shame, shame! As an heir of Slytherin and daughter to the most fearsome Dark Lord of all time, of course I'm more attuned to it than anyone else....I couldn't help but think about it. With my magic matching my dad's, I had the same capability to become powerful. It's just.. would the darkness consume me?
  Is there a way for me to be a good person, and yet also be strong with Dark Magic?.. Mom must have done it 
  
    somehow
  
  . She told me that dad became interested in her for her strong affinity with the Dark Arts, but she must have been strong enough to overcome the evil in order to be who she is today. Could I possibly learn how to do this sort of magic from her? But how would I ask her without it sounding suspicious? Dammit, this is difficult..
"Melody," Hermione gently interrupted my inner confusion, "are you all right?"I looked up at her and Harry. She was worried about me, but Harry seemed to be more invested in his own personal problems than anything else."Yes... I'm.. I'm fine..." I said rather unconvincingly. I then stood up, mumbling, "I got to go," and left the library.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Everything's going perfectly according to plan so far,” 'Professor Moody' said, excitedly and nervously, while dragging me through the hallways to his office the afternoon before the first task.Could I possibly get my arm back before you tear it off? I thought, attempting to twist myself out of his grasp. “What –?”When we finally reached his office he basically threw me in, coming in behind me, and locked the door behind him.I gave a soft glare, rubbing my arm tenderly, “Someone's really overexcited...”“Do you know what the first task is?” 'Professor Moody' asked, pushing me down into a chair.Bossy and pushy today...oy.. “No, of course not. Obviously you do?”He licked his lips madly, pausing dramatically. “Dragons.”I raised an eyebrow, “The contestants are supposed to get past them?”He nodded. “Potter's seen them thanks to me nudging Hagrid... and I gave the suggestion that he use his Firebolt to get past the dragon…. He should be all right now that he knows what he can do to get past it…… The only problem now is if he’ll make it through with that alone.”“You really don't need to worry so much,” I said with a sigh, leaning back in the chair and crossing my legs to be comfortable.He growled, “I have every reason to worry. Anything could go wrong...”I sighed, “If I am certain about anything, it's this... Harry has a way of getting out of very tight spots, and he's brilliant on a broomstick. He'll be fine.”“How do you know?!” he shouted, his face turning red.At that moment there was a hard knocking on the door, at which I nearly jumped. I looked to 'Professor Moody' and asked in a small whisper, “Could someone have heard through the door?”“Only shouts,” he mumbled, going over to the door.I still sat stiff in my chair.The door opened and Severus stormed through.“Ah, Snape, what a surprise –” 'Professor Moody' began sarcastically.“What reason do you have for locking yourself in this room alone with Melody? Not only for that, but for dragging her through the hallways like a common criminal?” he asked menacingly, his black eyes glittering furiously.'Professor Moody' smiled as though pleased about his reaction. “So, you're going to save your so-called 'perfect' student? I've got my eye on her, Snape.”Blatantly ignoring his comment, Severus turned to me and softly said, “Come on. Let’s go.”I stood with a nod and followed him out without protest, glancing at 'Professor Moody' once before walking out. Once out of sight, Severus put his hand behind my back and sped up as if to get us away as fast as possible.Boy, the real Alastor Moody must be terrifying.. I thought, deciding it was best not to say anything.We were all the way down in the dungeons, close enough to Severus' office, when he asked, “Are you all right? Did he hurt you in any way?”“I'm.. fine, I guess…?” I said uncertainly, trying to remember what Barty had shouted at me when Severus. After a minute of wracking my brains, I recalled, ‘How do you know?!’ … I could say he seemed to try to get me to say something, but I just didn't know what. Severus would believe that ‘Professor Moody’ so called ‘thinks’ I know about dad being Lord Voldemort. “I’m not particular sure what he was trying to ask me.”We finally made it into his office, and I sat down in his chair with a sigh. The comfort of his office was very welcoming, cold and soothing.“You would think someone in my family was a Death Eater with the way he acts towards me..” I said, leaning back with my eyes closed.“Did he say anything that specifically sticks to your mind?” Severus asked.“Nothing in particular.. he just kept saying things like 'you know, I know you know, the only question is how you know.’ However, I don't really know what it is that I supposedly know... maybe you do?” I opened my eyes as I asked the question. Severus looked around him like he was thinking fast.“No,” he lied... rather openly, to my surprise, because I knew the aura of a blatant lie when I felt one. “I don't quite know.”I raised an eyebrow at him, but said nothing. He seemed partially relieved. Time to lighten everything up a bit! “Hopefully, he doesn't find another reason to put me in detention. I still have to work through studying for the O.W.L.s with you.”He smiled. “If he tries, I'm going straight to Dumbledore. You haven't done anything wrong, and likely never will.”“Ah well,” I said. I looked down at my hands in quiet shame, deciding another change in subject was needed. “With the first task for the champions being tomorrow, it seems everyone is getting rather anxious and excited. I think I'm more worried.”“What for?” Severus asked, still amused. “You aren't a champion.”“But four others are – one who happens to be my age... and, I know if I were them I'd be so terrified right now,” I said truthfully. “It's like when you forget that a test is happening on a specific date... you still have to take it, but you didn't prepare for it. The champions don't know what they're going to face,” Ha, as if! “and whatever it is will certainly catch them by surprise.”“Just be thankful you aren't one,” Severus said seriously.I nodded, “Of course I am. School is challenging enough as it is without an extra life or death situation over my head.”His amusement returned with another sly remark. “School? Challenging? I never thought you’d use that word to describe your most favorite thing.”I bit my tongue to prevent myself from telling him to shut up. He might let me call him by his first name in private, but I couldn’t even possibly imagine how he might react to me like a friend rather than a teacher.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The next day we all had classes until noon and, after lunch, we were to go out to see the first task. I wanted to skip seeing the horrors, but it was mandatory for all the students to go see it — to be a part of this great event for whatever reason. I'd so much rather stay in the common room, alone, looking at spells... to see how many more Dark ones there possibly are... and to practice them....“There goes Potter,” Draco sneered, watching as Harry followed Professor McGonagall out of the Great Hall. “Off to his death,” he added with a smirk, “speaking of which.. does anyone want to make any bets with me?”Marcus, holding me closely, said, “I say about a minute in, the dragon will incinerate him completely.”“I say five seconds in,” Draco said, “for... mhm... five galleons, let's say.”“Deal,” Marcus said with a smile. “What do you think, Melody?”I merely rolled my eyes in response.“You two keep making bets like this, and neither of you are going to gain or lose any money,” Becky said, drinking a bit of pumpkin juice after saying so.“What do you mean?” they both asked, dumfounded.I snorted, “She means that neither of you are right, and with you two betting against each other in the same way each time – both of your thoughts are as unlikely as the next – then you won't be gaining or losing anything. It'll be as if you didn't bet anything at all.”“Oh, yeah? And what would you know of it, Becky?” Draco asked her.She put her glass down on the table lightly, “Well, you both bet for two extremes on the same exact side of the spectrum –”“English, please...” Draco said, waving his hands as though it should be an obvious request.I spoke for Becky's sake, as she gave up and crossed her arms over her chest in silence. “Your extreme guess is that Harry Potter will lose and be dead pretty much the minute he does the task, and it might be better if you did a bet against someone who thinks he'll do well and survive the task.” I waited for their response as they stared at me, and when they said nothing I wondered if they actually knew that Harry would likely survive... they just didn't want to take the chance against someone who expressed their true thoughts.“Exactly,” Becky said. “Simple as that, you dimwitted buffoons.”“Here,” I said, softly elbowing Becky with a small wink. “You two are on. Ten galleons each. We owe you two ten galleons each — as in I give Marcus ten galleons and Becky gives Draco ten galleons — if Potter either loses the challenge or dies. Vice versa, you do that with us if he beats the challenge and makes it out in one piece.”The boys grinned cheekily at each other before nodding at us. “You’re on,” they both said.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The whole school was gathered in no time to watch the first task, and Ludo Bagman was commentating for it. His excited voice seemed to make the whole thing feel almost like it was just another Quidditch game, but I certainly wondered about the horrid nervousness the four contestants must have been feeling before getting into the stadium.The rules were that each of them had to retrieve the golden egg from the dragon's nest... nothing's more dangerous than a mother protecting her babies.Cedric Diggory was first against a blueish-gray Swedish Short-Snout – the most memorable from his battle was when he transfigured a rock on the ground into a dog to get the dragon to follow it. The dragon did... however, it stopped when Cedric got the egg and he only just got away from it. It cost him a burn on the side of his face... nothing Madam Pomfrey couldn’t fix.Fleur Delacour was next against the Welsh Green, trying to put it to sleep... which sort of worked. The highlight was when it snored, and a jet of flame caught her skirt on fire. She spent a good minute trying to bat it out before remembering she had a wand and cooling it down with the water spell.Viktor Krum went against the scarlet Chinese Fireball. He shot a spell in its eyes... disorienting it. It probably dropped him a few points due to how the dragon trampled around blindly, crushing half of the real eggs. I shuddered.. the poor dragon.Harry Potter, last but not least, up against the terrifyingly aggressive Hungarian Horntail. He would be stuck with the toughest one possible.He took out his wand and used a summoning charm, bringing his Firebolt into the ring with him and using himself as a diversion for the dragon – always skidding out of a dive at just the right moment before fire was spat at him. His shoulder was grazed from when he got away from the Horntail's mouth, instead getting the spikes from her tail instead. He flew above her head so she could try getting off the ground to catch him... it worked. He sped to the ground, grabbed the egg, and got away from her as quickly as possible.All the champions got their golden egg.I turned with a smug smile, “All right, Marcus, you owe — wait — where’d Marcus go?”He was no where in sight... not coddling me like I was his last true possession. Something was either wrong or he’d finally come back to his senses. Where could he have gone without letting me know anything?Draco just glared down at his feet in silent annoyance.“Oh, calm down,” I told him as I stood up. “Ten galleons isn’t even that expensive to you. No use being upset about losing.”“I agree,” Becky decided to point out with vigorous nodding. “Besides, I told you and Marcus that you were a pretty bad pair of bumbling –”“Ugh.. Melody, it's not –” Draco began.“No –!” That sounded like Marcus. “Get away from me!”I turned to see Marcus trying to get away from a Beauxbatons girl who had her arms around him and desperately tried to kiss him. He gave his best protests, but…. Addy obviously wasn’t lying. I recognized this girl as one of the ones to burst into tears for not being able to represent Beauxbatons in the tournament.I cleared my throat, and the girl spun around to face me.“Marcus ees mine!” she said, waltzing up to me. “Zis is all I can take of zis secret relationship of ours! I 'ave told 'im zat I will not 'ide anymore, so 'e decided to stick to you wherever you went. 'E would kiss me 'ere and now if 'e weren't dating you — you only thought 'e was still in love with you!” The girl seemed completely distraught. I didn't know what to think or do. What an awkward situation…. and her accent makes her English practically indistinguishable.So I turned to Marcus. “Tell me the truth, Marcus.”He looked speechless, seeming to try to say different things to make me feel better. Then, “I – I've been seeing her since my first week in France this past summer.”“I see...” I said softly, feeling my stomach drop and wondering where my anger had gone over the past week. “And you love her?”This seemed to be my best bet. So what if I didn’t understand him saying he loved me in the first place? He couldn’t possibly love both of us. This was proven to me as the girl turned to him as well to see his response.“Mm... yyyyyeeeess. I.. I do love her.”
  All that fighting he did with me when he never had love for me.
I gave a slow nod while the girl smiled uncontrollably, “Well, then... don't mind me. I was just the fling before the real thing I guess.”“No – Melody –”“No, no, I understand.. I got boring, I'm a bit young, yada yada ya,” I said, a cold determination in my voice. “It's all right, be with the one you really fell in love with.. not the one that could never love you anyway.”I then left him standing there with his new, beautiful, french girlfriend.Becky caught up with me looking gloomy yet bright, as though what happened was sad but something good would come from it.“That was... unexpected. From him... and you. I expected you to blow up and curse him, or –”“But I didn't,” I snapped. “I did the rational thing and let him go. Who needs a guy that doesn't actually care about you?”Becky stared at me. “Melody…”Even though I couldn’t find the heart in me to be bothered by the fact that he loved the girl… what bothered me was that it really wasn’t hurting me. I may have admitted to not loving him, and he may have admitted to knowing that I never would. It hurt that his betrayal didn’t hurt. How completely asinine is that?“I should've listened to Addy,” I choked. “I should have believed her when she told me she saw him cheating.”Becky stopped walking, staring after me in utter dismay as I left her standing there.
  
    Chapter Text
    December started and I ended up immersing myself into working harder than ever. When homework was finished I would read a book about a hundred times over just so no one would talk to me. It took a while before anyone got the message that I wouldn't socialize.I know I'm being stupid about all this, but... I thought as I sat around in the library, I really just want to be left alone.Hermione, Fred, George, and Becky had shown up moments afterwards and repeated my name several times to try getting my attention.“Melody.”
  I mean, it’s not like I loved him back 
  
    anyways
  
  .
“Melody.”
  I don’t get why I’m so upset about it.
“Melody.”
  Of course, I’m not upset for any 
  
    sane
  
   reason.
“Melody.”
  It’s because I really don’t care about what he’s done.
“Melody.”
  How could I be so blind about this issue?
“Melody.”
  It means that I really 
  
    can’t
  
   love, doesn’t it? That what Marcus told me back then was true….
“Melody!”
   That being dad’s daughter means I could never love….
“Melody!”
   I know I forget to tell my family I love them sometimes, but could that really mean…?
It might've gone on like that for minutes or hours, I didn’t know.. I just tried to ignore them as I agonized over my complete lack of emotions. At one point, Fred finally knocked the book I was reading out of my hands.“Alas! A book that finally wanted to get away from you.”Everyone laughed but me.“Melody, please,” Hermione implored. “Will you at least talk to us a little bit? Fred and George can't get you to laugh, Becky can't get you to give one of your sarcastic remarks, can I at least get you to say something?”I groaned, folded my arms on the table, and dropped my face down so I couldn't see them. I only went to the library for peace and quiet, I hadn't wanted them to follow me in. It was an hour before breakfast… I know, it must’ve really been bugging me if I woke up that early…. How Becky could have been able to get up and fetch them was beyond me, unless the twins gave her their common room password.“That Marcus is a twit,” Fred said angrily. “I ought to smash his head in. What do you think, Melody?”I didn't respond.Correct, I thought, that he is. I am, too. What was I thinking? The Dark Lord's daughter having a love life, that's hilarious and impossible. My own mother can’t even find true love that lasts. For me to have believed his lie… no more for me.“C'mon, Melody,” Fred and George said, each grabbing one of my arms and hauling me to my feet. “We've got someone who wants to see you... later Hermione.. and Becky.”I couldn't help but notice that George had been the one to say that last sentence, and when he said Becky's name it was like... it was as though... I don't even know what to say about that emotion anymore.They dragged me through the hallways, and as much as I tried wrenching myself away.. they wouldn't have it. I finally had to say something. “Where the hell are you taking me?”“Ooh,” they said excitedly, continuing to walk. “We got some words out of you, that's good... we'll say where when we get there.”“Ugh...”They slowed down a bit when they got somewhere in a gloomy underground passage brightly lit with torches, yet nowhere near Severus' dungeons, and with pictures all mainly of fruit. It was much more cheerful than the passage to the dungeons.“Hey, Huffle, where are you at?” Fred said with a big grin.“What is this — a hostage switch?” I asked.“Ah, there's the sarcastic remark we've been waiting for!” George said.Out from one of the branching corridors came Addy who leaned against one of the walls with her arms crossed and gave a small smile. “You needn't worry, Melody, no one would dare to kidnap you. I.. wanted to find a way to help cheer you up.”With a loud voice, Fred said, “Which is why we brought you here ourselves. We thought we'd be sure the Huffle didn't do anything suspicious to you.”“Since when did you make up such a name as Huffle?” I asked.“Since this girl here made a whole big huff about needing to talk to you without telling us why.” George said.“It wasn’t really a huff...” Addy said with a small chuckle. “I just really need to talk to her and... and give her something, I guess you could say.”“Give me what?” I asked.She paused for a moment, and then said, “Hope.”I gave a small nod. “You guys can leave,” I said to the twins. “I trust her.”“Nah –”“At least trust me,” I said, looking right at Fred. Then to George, “You should know Becky trusts her, too.”This got them to go, though acquiescently.I sighed and walked up to Addy. “Addy, I –”“No. Don't,” Addy said, putting a hand up. “... Becky already told me that you blame yourself for not listening to me. Frankly, you had every right not to believe me. After the way I stopped talking to you and Becky, I don’t rightly have any merit to you or her”I looked down at my feet. “Thanks, Addy... at least for trying.”“Come here,” she said, causing me to look up at her in surprise. She walked off and stopped by a picture of a fruit bowl. “There's someone who really wants to talk to you.” She used her pointer finger to lightly scratch the huge green pear in the painting as if tickling it. The pear actually squirmed, chuckled, and then turned into a green doorknob. Addy grabbed it and pulled the door open, beckoning me inside.We came into a large, high-ceilinged room with four long wooden tables filled with breakfast for that morning. I then realized how the tables seemed to be aligned with the tables in the Great Hall... which I realized had to be right above us. Not only that, but Addy and I were not alone.There were at least a hundred elves standing around and, having seen us come in, were bowing and curtsying to us.“Melody Riddle!” one said, walking up to me with big, excited eyes. He wore a tea cozy for a hat with many bright badges, a black sock, and a sock with pink and orange stripes. It was an interesting assortment of clothing, but it didn't shock me as much as he himself did. He was very recognizable out of the bunch.“Dobby?” I asked, my mouth dropped open.He looked thrilled that I remembered him. “Dobby is happy to see that Melody Riddle remembers him, miss.”“Hard not to,” I said with a laugh.“I was wondering how you could know a house-elf... or remember him...” Addy said awkwardly. “But I suppose you just have a really good memory considering your impeccable grades.”“You mean you don't remember him?” I asked good-humoredly, though I admit I probably wouldn't have remembered Dobby if I hadn't asked him to save Harry in my second year... I wouldn't have ever talked to him specifically actually. “He used to be Draco's house-elf.”Addy's eyes widened, “Why was he freed?”“No idea.” I lied before Dobby could say anything. I had to, I thought to myself as I gave him a look in the hopes he would know not to say anything.“Well,” Addy said, looking immediately uncomfortable before starting to back out of the kitchen. “I should be off.”“Addy,” I said, causing her to pause. “Thank you…. I — erm — don’t know exactly what happened between us, but Becky and I do miss you. You’re welcome to join us in the library any time.”She awkwardly nodded, turned, and left the kitchen.“Would Melody Riddle like a cup of tea?” Dobby asked, beaming at me as I sat down at one of the tables.“Uh, sure, I would love one,” I said with a small smile. Right as I said that, a couple of house-elves placed a large silver tray laden with a teapot, a cup, a milk jug, and a plate of biscuits. “Wow, you guys are impressively quick to serve. That’s amazing.”The elves were delighted to hear my satisfaction, and quickly retreated. Dobby stood by.“Oh, please, sit with me, I'd like to hear about how you've been,” I said.Dobby looked as though he was blushing. “S-Sit with you? You're too kind...”“Please,” I said, then smiled as the other house-elves looked shocked. “Take it as an order, if you wish.”They all relaxed.Dobby nodded and sat down next to me, telling me about how he went from place to place to ask for a job on his own terms. He had to be paid and be given clothes. No one wanted that. For two years, he went searching around for jobs because, though he loves being free, he loves work as well. Then – this next thing shocked me – he went to see Winky, Mr. Bagman's house-elf, found out she was freed too, and decided they would find a new job together. They had been working at Hogwarts for about a week at that point. Dumbledore was the only wizard completely willing to fulfill Dobby's demands.“Ah, Dumbledore,” I said, forcing a small smile. “He's a kind one.”He seemed to know that my smile wasn’t genuine. “Enough about Dobby. How has Melody Riddle been doing?”“Not so perfectly.. but yet not so horribly either,” I said softly. “I'm so confused nowadays.”Dobby's eyes became sad, he seemingly knew what I was saying... what I meant. “Dobby hopes Melody can find the right path...”I sighed, “That would depend upon what each of us defines as right when I make the choice.”“Dobby knows Melody will follow the right path,” Dobby said, rather affectionately. “She has a kind heart. She understands the difference between right and wrong.”“Do I?” I asked him. “Do I really?”Dobby nodded vigorously.I shook my head, “Sorry to say, Dobby, but I seriously doubt it.”Dobby put his hand on mine, as if to say ‘I’m here for you.’I left the kitchen feeling slightly better, and yet still bad. Dobby had such high hopes about me, but... I really can’t help but wonder what else I could do with Dark Magic. With my power as strong as dad's, I could try it – I want to deep inside my heart – but I also worry. What if it makes me as bad as him?⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛In Care of Magical Creatures, there were ten Blast-Ended Skrewts left as their tendency to kill each other had not been 'exercised out of them.' Professor Hagrid decided to put them in boxes to test whether or not they'd hibernate. However, the skrewts did not appreciate being nailed in to pillow-lined boxes and fought their way out. That day, they were strewn all around the pumpkin patch.Most of the class barricaded themselves in Professor Hagrid's hut to wait it out while he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Dean, Lavender, Seamus, Becky, and myself set out to capture them all. To painful costs, of course.“You’ve got this, Melody!” Draco yelled supportively out the window.“What about me?!” Becky asked as she attempted to snag a skrewt by its rear. She had figured it was the best way to grab them so she could point it away from her as it was the only part she was worried about.“Okay Becky — sacrifice yourself and Potter if one tries to attack Melody!”She stopped to shake her fist at him, “Do it yourself, you weasel!”I couldn’t help my chuckle as the rest of the class burst into laughter.Finally.. when one skrewt was left.. a voice suddenly shocked us.“Well, well, well... this does look fun.”Professor Hagrid launched forward on the skrewt, flattening it – a blast of fire shooting out of its end and withering the pumpkin plants nearby – and looked to the uninvited visitor.Rita Skeeter, wearing a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar — and her usual crocodile-skin handbag over her arm — leaned against the garden fence.“Who're you?” Professor Hagrid asked, slipping a loop of rope around the skrewt's sting and tightening it.“Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter,” she replied.Professor Hagrid frowned a bit. “Thought Dumbledore said you weren' allowed inside the school anymore.”“What are these fascinating creatures called?” she asked, ignoring his comment.“Blast-Ended Skrewts.”“Really?” she actually sounded interested. “I've never heard of them before... where do they come from?”Hermione replied, without answering the question, “They're very interesting, aren't they? Aren't they, Harry?”“What? Oh yeah... ouch... interesting,” Harry said as Hermione stepped on his foot.“Ah, you're here, Harry!” Rita said. “So you like Care of Magical Creatures, do you? One of your favorite lessons?”“Yes,” Harry replied, Professor Hagrid beaming gratefully at him.“Lovely, really lovely. Been teaching long?”“This is o'ny me second year,” Professor Hagrid said.“Lovely...” would you stop saying that, woman? “I don't suppose you'd like to give an interview would you? Share some of your experience of magical creatures? The Prophet does a zoological column every Wednesday, as I'm sure you know. We could feature these – er – Bang-Ended Scoots.”“Blast-Ended Skrewts,” Professor Hagrid said with great enthusiasm. “Er – yeah, why not?”“Well, good-bye, Harry!” Rita Skeeter called out merrily as we all left after the bell rang. “Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!”“I hate that woman,” I muttered to Becky and Draco.Draco looked taken aback, “Do you hate her as much as you hate Loc –”“Shut up.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Later that night, in our dormitory, Becky sat down on my bed as I leaned against the head post reading a book. I looked up at her, waiting for a question to come considering how worried she looked.“Are you.. you know.. over Marcus?” she asked tentatively.I sighed, “To be truly honest, I never really felt anything for him anyway. I’m mostly upset that I let him string me along for so long.”“I’m glad Addy was so willing to help you…. Did you.. offer her to hang out with us again?”My shoulders slumped. I hadn’t even seen Addy since she took me to the kitchens to see Dobby. “Of course I did. And I haven’t heard an answer since.”“What did she say when you asked?”“She didn’t say anything,” I asserted. “She merely nodded and walked away.”Becky frowned in thought, her eyes going slightly out of focus.I gently tapped her leg, bringing her back to reality. “I’m sure she’ll come around eventually. In the meantime, we’ve still got Gryffindor friends to set us apart from everyone else.”“I guess… well, hey, without Marcus you can now flirt back with Fred,” she replied, looking a little hopeful.I stared back at her in slight annoyance, “What? No.”“Why not?!” Becky asked in surprise.
  Because he doesn’t deserve to have someone that’s not going to care for him the right way. Because he also doesn’t deserve someone that helps her father — the same wizard who has destroyed so many lives — while he fights against that.
Of course, I couldn’t say what I was really thinking, but I did have an excuse lined up in case she would have the idea considering her obvious interest in George.“He’s exhausting enough as it is without me getting that personal with him... and it would be really cliche for you and me to both date the twins together. It just won’t work.”“Me?! I'm not –”“Oh, please, Becky, you can't honestly tell me that you don't want to get into a relationship with George Weasley.”Becky blushed. A blush! Whoah! I'm definitely right!“Besides,” I said, “he's got a bit of a crush on you, too, don't you know?”“No!... Really?” Becky looked, and sounded, very hopeful.“Oh, yeah,” I replied with a grin. “Definitely.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “The Yule Ball,” Becky said dreamily, dancing as though in a waltz with an invisible person around our dormitory. “Can you even imagine what it will be like?”“Nope, but at least I know now what the dressrobes were for,” I said. But will I even wear it?Becky dropped down next to me on my bed. “I know you're thinking that you have no one to go with. But I'm sure a bunch of guys will ask you to the ball now that you don't have Marcus weighing you down.”I laughed, but it was a fake, mocking one. “That'll be embarrassing for me and them.”“You're at least going to stay for Christmas and go to the ball, right?” Becky asked anxiously. “I would love it if you would go.”“I suppose,” I said, raising an eyebrow at her. “Is it really all that important that I go to it?”“Well, yes. I think you need to get over your... antisocial tendencies, and –”“Pfft hahaha!” I snorted with laughter. “Antisocial tendencies? I don't have any tendencies of the sort!”“You talk to very few people!”“So? I don't talk to all the other people in this school because I don't like them, and telling me to get rid of antisocial tendencies won't really change that.”“And why don't you like them, per se?” Becky sounded rather haughty as she asked that.“That's to keep to myself. I don't need you spreading to other people that I don't like them. That will bring some people to me all teary-eyed and offended expecting an apology… when, in the end, all they’ll really get is a slap to the face.”Becky chuckled.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Later, I went to the library to search through the aisles for a history book to read when I heard small giggling. I glanced through an empty space in a bookshelf to see Viktor and Hermione talking to each other.Viktor said something so low I couldn't hear it, but Hermione replied with, “Yes, of course, I would love to.”I stepped back with a smile. Perhaps the Yule Ball? That'll be all anyone can talk about when they find out they're going together. Especially Dra—“Melody?”“Oh sh –” I jumped, bringing my hand to my heart, which raced a mile a minute. “Hermione, you startled me.”She smiled, “That's new. I never thought you would be one I could startle.”“I was lost in thought,” I said, running a hand through my hair. “I suspect Viktor just asked you to the ball?”“He did. But don't tell anyone unless it’s Becky.. least of all Ron and Harry.”As if I could hold a pleasant conversation with them for long without Ron trying to get away from me as quickly as possible, I thought wryly.Ron finally made up with Harry right after the First Task.. something I hadn’t noticed until Hermione mentioned it to me. I had been severely distracted.“I can understand you want it to be a surprise… as much as you complained about the guy when Harry was in here with us.”“Maybe,” she said with a small smile. “Are you going with anyone yet?”“Nope,” I replied with an eye roll. “Even if they weren’t too scared to ask, I wouldn’t agree to anyone anyway.”“But you should, if ever they do.”“Why?”Hermione glanced around as if making sure no one overheard before whispering, “I’m sure it would make Flint very jealous.”I suppressed the urge to do a second eye roll. Ever since the first task, Marcus and the Beauxbatons girl had taken to public displays of affection.. the minute I walked into a room… and Marcus was always the one initiating it. It was hilarious, really, that he thought such a thing would bother the girl with no love.“I don’t need to stoop to his level for him to see how stupid he is.”She giggled, “You’re too good.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛At some point in the week, I sat around in the common room with a history book pretty much in my face. When I heard someone clear their throat, I put the book down with an expectant look on my face. It was Draco with Marcus standing timidly behind him.“Yes?” I asked coldly.“Snape wants to talk to you and Flint,” Draco said.I nodded, “I will go to Professor Snape straight away.”Draco smiled a brief moment before turning around, and we followed Marcus out. I guessed he was going to take Marcus off of my tutoring list, which would do the both of us some good. At that moment, he was certainly avoiding looking me in the eyes.We walked in very awkward silence – not even Draco looked comfortable. Luckily enough, the dungeons were close by and we were soon outside Severus' office.“I'll see you guys later...” Draco said, glancing between the two of us as though waiting for us to explode at each other, and then sped away.Severus' door was already open, so I stood in the doorway when I knocked. He looked up from his work and beckoned us in.“You wanted to speak to us?” I asked, sitting down in a chair.“I’m going to relieve you of your tutoring duties toward Mr. Flint. That is if it is all right with you.”“Of course, do what you must,” I said nonchalantly, secretly feeling relieved.Severus regarded me with a look before turning his eyes to Marcus, who stood right beside me. “A choice for you is in order, Mr. Flint. Either you will be transferred to someone your age to tutor you, or you will continue on without help.”“I don’t need anyone’s help.”Severus inclined his head, “You may go. Your abilities must never slip again. I don’t need to see your face for an extra year.”I heard Marcus' footsteps walking away, then Severus waved his wand and the office door closed and locked.“Are you all right?” he asked, looking me right in the face.“Yes...” I said, shifting uncomfortably in my seat. “I'm fine.”His eyebrows raised in suspicion.“Oh, honestly!” I said. “You seem to get in all my business! You know when I date people and when we're broken up, you probably know the whole bloody conversation that we last had. Being all-knowing is not helpful, it's rather bloody annoying.”He smirked, “Your mother thought so, too.”“Of course, of course she did...” I replied, leaning back in the chair. “Because I'm my mother's daughter, you know everything about the both of us. How bloody marvelous.”“You must not be well. You have said the word 'bloody' three times in one sitting.”
  The smirk is still there!
“Well, don't look so bloody triumphant about it!” I said.“Four times now.”I let out an exasperated sigh, he was being pretty patient in letting me blow my steam out. “It's just... after that, I don’t even want anything to do with him. He had said something.. big.. some months ago and now, with what happened, it’s all just a lie.”“You'll probably need to speak to him soon enough. He’s standing right outside this door waiting for you to come out.” Yup, the all-knowing.“Whatever for?” I asked, aghast.“Perhaps a compromise for you two? I can understand if you don’t want to speak to him. That feeling of betrayal is one that won’t go away so easily. Especially in regards to any promises he might have once said to you. Otherwise, I might be able to sneak you out where you don’t have to deal with him just yet.”I stared suspiciously at him. “I can handle him… but, I have to note, it’s as if you can sense the people around you. Knowing exactly what they think, feel, and want... really, it's disturbing, but it probably comes into very good use for you when avoiding others.”“What do you mean?” he asked me, sounding defensive.I smiled, “Ooh, touchy subject. Am I not the only one here avoiding someone?”He rolled his eyes, but divulged to me his secret. “Karkaroff. He's been trying to catch me alone for days now wanting to talk about….” He hesitated, his eyes wandering until they focused on his arm.“About...?” I urged him.“The Dark Mark on his arm.. and mine... It's becoming clearer, and he's scared out of his mind.”I blinked in surprise and pondered it. But dad hasn't been taking anything. He's waiting for the Flesh, Blood, and Bone Potion to be administered... perhaps it's fate that the potion will succeed so he can return to power? That’s all I can think of that possibly makes sense unless the body he has now has helped him regain at least a little strength. Well, damn.“I should get back to work,” Severus said quickly, “now are you sure you’re okay?”“Like I said, Severus...” I replied saucily. “I am completely fine, thank you very much.”“Well, it's no problem at all,” he said, inclining his head mockingly.“Don't make me laugh,” I said haughtily, standing up and flicking my hair dramatically over my shoulder.“You make me laugh,” he said, chuckling.I smiled before unlocking the door, and opening it to leave. Marcus indeed stood outside waiting for me. I continued to walk past him, but he came into step beside me.“I – uhm – I believe I had asked you to the ball over the summer. I wondered if that was still on?”“Indeed you did, and I assumed it no longer applied since our altercation. Was I wrong?”“Yea – wait, no! No, no –”“Well, my assumption still stands even if you are able to firmly say no because if you were to ask me right now my answer would be a 'no.'”He looked slightly disoriented. “But, Melody –”“There's nothing to be done about it, all right? ‘No’ is my final answer, and I'm definitely not changing my mind about it. Why are you asking me, anyways?”“Why shouldn’t I ask you?” he leaned in slightly to bump into me, causing me to glare shortly at him. “Huh? Why not?”I moved a few steps away as we walked. “Oh, well, I thought you might want to go with your new girlfriend – or are you calling her your mistress because of all the secrecy that was involved?”“Wait, wait now – that is uncalled for.”I rolled my eyes, “In any case, I say no because of the obvious reason. I'm mad at you, I hate your guts, and will not forgive you for what you did behind my back. I cannot trust you after your broke what you so-called promised to me. Now, what I said is completely called for because it gives true meaning to what she used to be when I was still your girlfriend.”“A mistress? You're mad –”“Mad as in crazy or angry? Rest assured that I am both, but the real question is this. Why are you being so defensive about it when it is what really happened? You were with that other girl in secret while we were dating. The definitive definition is that she was your mistress.”“Only one thing: a mistress is one you have –”“Don't even finish that sentence...” I said, my face growing red – whether by embarrassment or anger, it made me uncomfortable. “That may be, but it was still outside our relationship... yet we have been digressing so I will go straight back to your original point to me. No! I will not go to the ball with you!”We had reached the common room by then... were actually standing in the middle of the room with everyone staring at us. We must’ve followed in right behind someone else coming in, I thought as I glared intently at a disappointed Marcus.Instead of going up to my dorm room to get away from the attention, I went back out through the entrance to go to the library for quiet. There will be no Slytherin students there, so I'll just hang out for a while until it's time to go to bed…. Damnit, my book is still in the common room!I made it to the library, but I wasn’t about to get that alone time. Becky, Fred, and George were sitting there, and they immediately beckoned me over.“What's up?” Becky asked as I sat down. “I was going to get you in the common room, but you weren't there. Where did you go?”“Don't hassle me,” I said irritably. I explained about what happened, excluding the private conversation between Severus and myself. “It was completely childish of him to think –”“You can calm down now, though. It’s over,” Becky said, gently patting my hand.“But if you want us to, we can get him to bugger off,” Fred said sincerely, George nodding in agreement.“I thought I just did that,” I said.Becky chuckled, “So.. has anyone else asked you to the ball?”“When do you think anybody could have fit that in between now and our argument?” I asked. “I bet no one has asked me so far because they thought I'd still go with Marcus, and with him being such a scary troll they decided not to get on his bad side.”“Ah, he's not that scary,” Fred said with a wave of his hand. “I'd have asked you to the ball even if he was still dating you.”“But you haven't,” I said with a laugh.“I asked someone else already, and they said yes,” he said with a shrug. He has no embarrassment.. how funny it's like Becky except she wants the other twin.“If you ask someone, they'll probably go with you,” Becky said, breaking out into snickers that spread to Fred and George.“You already know he’s going with Pansy,” I said in confusion, looking between the three of them as their snickers threatened to get louder. “Did I miss something?”Once she composed herself, Becky said, “I thought you would have someone by now – that you might actually ask someone just to get Marcus to go away. If I hadn't thought that, I wouldn't have a date to the ball already.”“Oh?” I asked, a knowing smile creeping onto my face. “Who are you going with?”Becky gave a sideways glance at George and giggled uncontrollably.“Of course,” I said, “well, who asked who?”“They both did,” Fred said with mild disgust. “Asked each other at the exact same time. Then they just sort of blushed and answered each other.”“Cute!” I burst.The two blushed. Fred and I laughed… at least until Madam Pince violently shushed us. George was probably the only reason Becky would ever blush – at least that I had ever seen.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Becky and I went back to the common room, and I was suddenly plagued by guys asking me out to the ball. What the...? I don't even know any of these guys!“Well, would you look at this,” Becky told me with a large, satisfied smile. “You've got all the left-over guys, of whom are willing to take you now that you are free.”“Do I have to have the ones flocking to get someone at the last minute?” I asked softly.“Well –”I put my hands up and started shooing the strangers away from me. “Okay, excuse me, but no guys, no. Thanks for asking though.”Disappointed boys walked away from us, grumbling to each other about how difficult it was to get the good girls.“Did you have to send all of them away?” Becky asked in shock. “You could have picked at least one of them! Now what are you going to do?”“Let’s see my reasoning here,” I said, holding up my hand to count off my fingers. “My options were between sweaty, desperate, awkward, and over-energetic… or, and this one’s my favorite, go by myself.”Becky shook her head with a tsk. “You’re just difficult.”I rolled my eyes, “What is the point of getting a date? To not look bad when going to the ball?”Becky shrugged, “Well, most everyone has a date but you and – obviously – those boys.” Then she stood, “I'm going up to our dorm to write my parents. Are you coming?”“I'll be up soon,” I said, picking my book up from the coffee table. Thankfully no one takes to stealing books in Slytherin — at least not mine. “I want to get back to the book I was reading before I was interrupted.”“Suit yourself.”She disappeared upstairs and I sat back down on the couch with a long sigh. However, before I could begin reading once more.. another guy sat down next to me.“The answer is 'no,'” I said in exasperation, turning to look at him. It was Blaise Zabini, a quiet guy in my year. I never noticed him before, really, because he never said anything in class or... to anyone, pretty much. I only remembered his name from all the role calls.He just sort of smiled and said, “Do you really plan on going to the ball all alone?”“I'd much prefer it –”“For what? Being the talk of the night because you wanted to go by yourself? Believe me, you will be the only girl if you do, because it's a pretty basic unspoken rule that you must bring someone with you. Otherwise you will be the laughingstock.”I looked at him suspiciously. How he knows I hate being the center of attention, I dare not ask… “Well, you have my attention. One question for you, though. Why are you asking?”“Other girls giggle like mad when asked to such a ridiculous thing, and they make a big deal about it all night long... you aren’t going to be like that, obviously, and I find that makes you a more appealing option.”“That’s an.. interesting way of putting it,” I replied slowly. “But why do you want to go if you think it's so ridiculous?”“Why are you?” he countered, folding his hands in his lap.“My friend really wants me to… and my mom bought the dressrobes so I have to use them for at least something…. Those are mine, now do tell yours.”He smirked, “My mum wouldn’t forgive me if I skipped out.”I raised an eyebrow.“In other words, she regrets not going to the ball when she was here so that means I have to suffer.”I couldn’t help my laugh. “I think I understand now… so….” I paused to look him over, thinking about it. “Now that I don't have any good reason not to... yes, I guess I will go to the ball with you.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “Funnily enough, I never noticed that before,” I said, staring at Hermione's teeth. Where there used to be two large front teeth were now two normal-sized teeth. After the hex Draco had hit her with, Madam Pomfrey held up a mirror to her face and asked that she stop her when they were back to how they were before... and she let her go a little further than they used to be.Hermione laughed, “That's because you were too busy thinking about your own problems.”“Pfft, who doesn't have their own problems?” I asked.It was the first week of winter break and we just sat around the library for a while. It was mostly just Hermione, Becky, and myself because Fred and George were busy selling their own products in their common room. Hermione warned us not to trust anything they gave us.“So, who are you going to the ball with?” Hermione asked me.Becky giggled. After Blaise had asked me, I went upstairs and told her. She was more surprised that I actually said yes to someone than that I talked to someone neither of us really knows… despite being in most of the same classes as him.“Blaise Zabini,” I replied.“So you did find somebody!” Hermione said in awe.“Okay, so first you all believe that I'm going to take someone to the ball just to get Marcus off my scent. Now you're surprised that I ever said yes to going to the ball with someone. I admit it's not with someone I know very well, but at least it's somebody who shares my disinterest in this nonsense.”“Not to mention,” Becky said with small chuckles. “It's somebody who isn't bad looking.”“What do you mean?” I asked.“Draco's going with Pansy,” she said in a low whisper. “The girl who looks like a pug.”My heart sank at the reminder, but I ignored it to push a small laugh out. “Haha, I know right? And he said last year that she wasn't his girlfriend.”“That's right.. he did, didn't he?” Becky said thoughtfully, staring at me.“Still,” Hermione said, smiling widely, “it's going to be a really exciting night.”“Right?!” Becky said, snapping out of her deep thoughts to beam at us.“Heh,” I emitted half-heartedly with a smile. “I’m sure.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Christmas day came and I opened my eyes blearily at the sound of my alarm clock, feeling the dread creep in. The ball is tonight... why, oh why, must I go through with this? I slapped the clock off before rolling myself further into the warmth of my blankets….The coziness was short-lived.There was a loud shriek… and Becky came bouncing on my bed, “Oh my gosh! Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're the best!! Squee!!”That woke me and everyone in our dormitory up. The other girls groaned.. but then they sat up straight, and excitedly began opening their presents.I looked at what Becky was holding. It was a pearl necklace and matching earrings that I had bought. “I thought it would be good for you at the ball.”She squeezed me in a tight bear hug. “Oh! Em! Gee! Thank you!! You are amazing! I love them! You have no idea how perfectly they’re going to go with my dress!”I chuckled softly, “You're welcome, Becky.”“Are you going to wear your necklace tonight?” she asked, pulling away to face me.“What necklace?” I asked.“The necklace! You know, your family heirloom?”“Oh!” I said in realization. “I always wear it.” I pulled it out from under my pajama shirt, still attached around my neck. Such a beautiful silver diamond-shaped pendant with flower designs.“Well, show it off tonight,” Becky said. “It matches your dress.”I smiled, “It does, doesn't it?... Oh, hey, what else did you get?”Becky became overly excited once more and showed me everything while I crawled over to the edge of my bed to open my own presents.The only thing from my family was a letter which I opened and read: Dearest Melody,Our Christmas present to you is Lissy. If you read this before she finds her adoption papers in her presents, you have luckily been warned before she jumps you. Glad to do this for our wonderfully thoughtful little girl. Besides, we know how you don't want anything too extravagant, so this is your extravagance for the season. Have a wonderful night at the Yule Ball.With love from,The Ollivander FamilyandThe Grays Just my luck that Lissy came rushing in to hug me as soon as I finished reading my letter. “Oh, you didn't! Oh, this is wonderful, I hope to dear God this isn't all just a dream!” Her face was buried in my shoulder, and she seemed to be crying with tears of joy.“What's she talking about?” Becky asked. Millicent and Pansy looked at us too, slightly bewildered.“My family has adopted Lissy upon my requests,” I said, laughing happily. “She'll never have to go back to that awful orphanage ever again.”Trixy rushed in, gasping for breath. Immediately, she started signing to her sister in a panic.. worried about Lissy. Becky took care of that as I patted Lissy’s back, her arms wrapped tightly around my waist.“I have a family!” she shrieked into my shoulder. She pulled away to look at me, her teary eyes glistening. “When did you plan this?”“Urm...” I said in surprise. “Since... since the day I met you.”“Melody.. thank you,” she said.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛At mid-day I sat around in the common room with my friends. Trixy and Lissy were outside having snowball fights with some other friends of theirs.“Did you two ever find someone to go to the ball with or are you just going to go with each other?” Draco asked, snickering slightly and looking smug as he lounged on his back in his favorite armchair.Becky snorted, “Apparently you'll be surprised to learn that we both have dates.”He frowned and looked up at us. “You can't be serious.”I found myself automatically frowning back, “Why is it such a shock?”“Right, we aren't ugly,” Becky said, giving a look of mock pain.“Well, Melody's not,” he said.Her mouth dropped open, “You rat!”He shrugged, “Wouldn't be the first time I was a rodent... I only thought Melody wouldn't because guys wouldn't dare ask her…… and I heard about all the guys she turned down at once.”“Right, plenty asked me after the fight with Marcus. You don’t think I could’ve chosen one out of the bunch?” I asked.“No.. but , anyway, I heard that Marcus looked murderous afterward.”“That's his problem if he feels rejected. It’s not like he can’t go with that floozy Beauxbatons girlfriend of his.”“Right,” Draco said with a barely suppressed smirk, “so.. who are you both going with?”Becky smiled mischievously, “I'm keeping mine as a surprise for tonight.”“Pf, I knew you didn't even have a date. You're just stalling.”“She's not,” I said with a smile. “Really, your mouth will drop open in shock when you see who it is tonight.”“And I suppose you want to keep yours a secret, too?” he asked.“Nah, that seems like too much work,” I said comically. “I'm going with Blaise Zabini.”“Zabini?” he said in surprise. And before he could say anything else a book was thrown at his face. “Hey!” he glared at Becky.She looked up at the ceiling innocently and then gave him a side glance.What? I thought curiously.“Well, I don't know what you sound so upset about,” I said. “I have a date, you have a date, and Becky has a date. What’s the problem?”“Problem? There's no problem,” he said, still glaring at Becky. “I was just surprised.”“Save your surprise for later... you're going to need it.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛There was a time when all the girls went up to their dormitories to get ready... three hours before the ball. At five in the afternoon.“Why, why? Why do we do this so early?” I asked as Becky dragged me to our room.“Well, there's putting on the dress, fixing up the jewelry and the hair and the makeup –”“No, no, no. No makeup!” I said, digging my heels into the ground at the top of the stairs.“Oh, come on,” she said, pulling me along with no problem. “It's just a bit of mascara, blush, lipstick, oh and eyeliner –”“Kill me now –— where did you get this strength from? Did Vincent and Greg lend it to you just for this occasion?”Becky laughed.In our dorm... both girls were already ready to go and jittery with excitement. Pansy wore pink, frilly dressrobes while Millicent was all set in a shiny green. They must have come up much earlier.“Wow,” I said. “You two look amazing.”“Thanks,” they said, and hurried to our side.“This just will not do,” Millicent said.“Neither of you two are ready,” Pansy added.Becky seemed to get an idea, “Would you be so kind as to help us? With makeup and all –”“You will not put makeup on me,” I growled at Becky.“Well then, choose who can put makeup on you,” Becky said, feigning innocence.“I can do it,” Pansy said, “Believe me, makeup is essential to any party or ball. Please.. allow me.”I looked at her and Millicent, suspicious. “Why are you being so nice to us right now? Normally you don't even seem to notice us.”“Oh, anything for a fellow roommate and Slytherin,” Pansy said. “Millicent, you work with Becky... Melody, where are your dressrobes?”Becky walked to the other side of the room with Millicent with a definite hop in her step. I walked over to my trunk and pulled out my dressrobes, getting dressed in them while Pansy looked away.“Done,” I told her with a sigh.She turned and said, “Oh my God... you're gorgeous in that!”I looked down, “T-Thanks...I – urm – really don't do makeup.”She smiled. “Like I said, makeup is essential at a time like this. Don't worry,” she sat me down in front of her vanity, “You can watch as I put the makeup on – at least in between stages – and decide there how you look.”I slowly nodded.What felt to me like days later…… I didn't look like myself at all. Pansy had turned me into a sort of goddess. “Wow...” I said softly. “I can wash this off afterward right?”“Of course. Now your hair...” she said softly, pulling it up. “Everyone has got to see this flower patterned lace on your shoulders. They can't see it if you leave your hair down like always.”I opened my mouth to say something... then closed it. True, I never did anything with my hair. But it was because I would wake up in the morning and then run straight to breakfast in a hurry.“Tell me if you think this is crazy, but I know a perfect way to braid your hair into a sort of flower-like bun.”I chuckled, “Any more and I'll be the flower girl of the night.”She laughed too. “Would it be too much?”I looked at myself scrutinizingly in the mirror and shook my head. “Actually, I think it would be perfect. Thank you, Pansy.”She smiled and got to work. “I thought that was a really sweet Christmas present... you know –”“The one for Lissy?” I asked. She nodded. “She’s too sweet. I suppose she's sort of like me in a way. Lived her life somewhere not knowing that her parents were wizards... that she could be a wizard. I couldn't leave her to stay in an orphanage, I just couldn't.”“You’re so very thoughtful,” she said.
  Slytherins aren't so bad after all... in a way Pansy and I are alike in that we really don't like a lot of people. However, she shows it without caring what people think of her…. I may have indirectly caused her to like me. Whether from what I did for Lissy or because I'm friends with Draco, she isn’t that bad. Draco found a good one… a much better option than 
  
    I
  
   could ever be.
I pulled my necklace out to fiddle with it and looked at myself in the mirror, seeing Pansy's face scrunched up in concentration. I looked like something beautiful and innocent... yet felt ugly, deceitful, and evil..“Who are you going to the ball with?” Pansy asked.“Blaise Zabini,” I said.“Wow,” she said softly. “It's funny, everyone thought sure you would go with Marcus to the ball.”“Why though? After what happened...”“Only because he still cares about you,” she said. “And he did ask you again. Everyone thought you would say yes, because really no one ever says no to him due to his temper. You surprised everyone that day in the common room when you told him off.”“I wouldn't consider him to care about me anymore,” I said simply. “Besides, I've seen his temper at its worst. If he ever dared to use violence against me, he wouldn't be able to lay a hand on me.”“That's nice... to know that you can defend yourself when need be.”“Do you need help with defensive spells?” I asked her. “I can help if you really want it.”“Would you?” she asked hopefully.“Anything,” I said. “It's just defensive spells you need help with?”She nodded.“I'll help you then,” I said. “It could be considered payment for making me look good tonight.”“Thank you,” if it was even possible, I'd say she had a bigger smile on her face.“I hope you have fun with Draco tonight,” I said sincerely.“I also hope that you have fun with Blaise,” she replied with a small curtsy.I laughed.At last she pinned the braid to the back of my head and stepped back with satisfaction, taking out a hand mirror and pointing it at the braid so I could see it in the vanity. I held my hand to my mouth in awe.“Thank you,” I said.I heard Becky walking over so I stood up and turned to look her over. Her dressrobes were a creamy vanilla, and did go perfectly with the pearls I got her.“You look amazing,” she said, choking up.I smiled and walked over to her in time to catch her in a hug that I couldn't have run from if I had wanted to. “And you are drop dead gorgeous.” I whispered in her ear, “George is going to feel really lucky tonight.”“You think so?” Becky asked, all starry-eyed as I pulled away.“I know so,” I turned to Pansy and Millicent, “What time is it?”“It's time to go, our dates are probably waiting for us. It takes five minutes to get there and twenty minutes to get seated,” Millicent said.These two must be perfect with their timing somehow, I thought. “After you three ladies,” I said with a curtsy, following behind them as the last person down the stairs.Millicent was first and when she reached the bottom she crossed the room to get to her date. Pansy was second, and Draco stood at the bottom of the stairs waiting for her – wearing dressrobes of black velvet with a high collar – taking her arm when she held it out.Becky instantly set off to leave the common room, and my date also stood at the bottom of the stairs wearing robes of deep black silk with his mouth dropped open at the sight of me. Draco's mouth dropped open as well. Vincent and Greg stood next to him, somehow partnerless, and wearing robes of green, also stared at me.“Surprised?” I asked the two of them. Pansy giggled. “Pansy has the magic touch, I see. So,” I turned to Blaise, “are we ready to go?”He closed his mouth and nodded. He held out his arm, I took it, and we made our way to the ball.
  
    Chapter Text
    Draco and Pansy came out in front of the group of Slytherins leaving the common room. Travel in groups, I thought, like a pack of wolves. The entrance hall was full of students waiting for the clock to strike eight, and for the oak doors to open.Becky was standing next to George already, they had linked arms and were talking to each other quietly. Fred stood with Angelina Johnson looking spiffy – when he looked over at me, his eyes widened, but he was able to manage a wink.“Is that –?” Draco said in horror, staring right at Becky and George.“Yup,” I said, thinking up something. “She wanted to be with someone that would make them a one-of-a-kind couple. What better than a Gryffindor and a Slytherin?”The front doors opened then, and the champions took their places by the door of the Great Hall. Hermione was standing with Viktor, and I smiled thoughtfully. She wore periwinkle-blue material and her hair was tied up into an elegant knot at the back of her head. Nervous but standing straight and smiling brightly.An area of the lawn outside looked like a magical land full of fairy lights where real fairies sat around in the rose bushes placed there for the occasion.The doors to the Great Hall opened and everyone went in before the champions, who were to wait until everyone was seated to make their grand entrance. As we passed the champions, Pansy gaped at Hermione… Draco seemed to look for some insult to say that never came to him.The Great Hall was magnificent. The walls were covered from top to bottom in sparkling silver frost, along with many, many garlands of mistletoe and ivory going across the still black and starry ceiling. There were over a hundred small, lantern-lit tables that could fit twelve people.We sat at a table – an entire group of Slytherins. Millicent, Blaise, Draco, Pansy, myself, and other Slytherins... sadly including Marcus and the Beauxbatons girl, both matching in bright, snowy white robes. The guys all pulled seats out for the girls — even Blaise did it for me.I looked around and spotted Becky sitting at a table with the twins and some other people. She's got a very magnetic personality, I bet they'll all really like her.Once everyone in the Great Hall was seated, the champions came in in a line with their partners at their side. Harry seemed completely out of place with his partner, Parvati Patil, who enjoyed the attention a lot more than he did.  They reached the front table and sat down.Then people began talking amongst each other, some just looked at their empty golden plates and menus lying in front of them, mostly looking around the room for waiters.“I'm surprised, you really…” Blaise cleared his throat as though nervous, “you look beautiful tonight.”Heat rose up in my cheeks. “Urm, thanks but... it's really thanks to Pansy,” I said, gesturing to her.“Still,” he said. “I only asked you so I could have somebody to go with, but you have outdone yourself. Really, you look perfect.”I chuckled, “I remember that very clearly... and you look wonderful tonight as well.”He smiled thoughtfully.“I thought you were beautiful without all that on,” Marcus said softly. The Beauxbatons girl smacked his arm crossly, but he didn't notice.I ignored him. “So Draco, what did you think of Becky's date for tonight?”He looked at me, “I have no words.”“No insult? She really was hoping for one, knowing you likely don't want to talk to her again. She wants to know one last insult from you.”“I can insult her myself when I get the chance.” He looked down at his lap.I grinned knowingly, “Shocker.”“But... you knew about it and didn't stop her?” he asked looking up at me again, his eyes piercing into mine. “All things considered, no one is going to react well.”Murmurs of agreement were scattered across the table.“I couldn't have changed Becky's mind even if my life depended on it. You know how stubborn she is,” I said, thinking it was sweet of him to worry about her reputation as a Slytherin. Going out with a Weasley so publicly was asking for bullies.“You're stubborn as well.”“Not as stubborn as the queen of drama. She would come swinging into school on a vine doing a gorilla yell if she ever thought it up, so I don't understand why anyone would take this so seriously.”No one could stop laughing.Becky looked over at our table. I winked at her. She smiled and winked back.Then I noticed Professor Dumbledore looking down at his menu. He turned to his plate, and said very clearly, “Pork Chops!” And so pork chops appeared on his plate.I looked at my menu, scanning it for something that looked interesting. Turning to my plate, I said, “Steak,” and it appeared. “Brilliant,” I muttered happily as the rest of my table took their orders. Wish they could do it this quickly in the Muggle world. Wonderful house elves.We ate, small talk moving along. I mostly said nothing, wondering how Lissy and Trixy were doing back in the common room. I would've rather been where they were, just sitting around relaxing. But, the ball wasn't too bad thus far... it was mostly just the dancing I wasn't looking forward to.It came all too soon.After everyone had finished their food and Professor Dumbledore waved his wand for all the tables and chairs to go along the walls so the floor was clear – after getting us all to stand up – and conjured up a raised platform…… a stage with instruments set up. Then this band I had never listened to before – the Weird Sisters – came up onto the stage. They were all hairy and wore black robes artfully torn for their performance. They made me think of Muggle rock bands.The first tune they played, however, was sadly enough a slow tune. The champions danced first, all eyes on them, and then everyone slowly joined in.Blaise stood up and held his hand out to me, “May I have this first dance?”I took his hand and walked out to the dance floor with him. “Just a bit of a warning,” I said with a small laugh, “I don't really dance.”He laughed, holding one of my hands in his and putting another on my waist. “Just follow my lead.”I believe I’m lucky he’s not a bad dancer, I thought as we danced around in a slow waltz.Somewhere on the other side of the floor I saw Ginny wincing every once in a while whenever Neville stepped on her foot.In another spot, the twins danced near each other with their dates. Becky looked like she was really enjoying herself. I would see George say something to her, and then she would laugh. Whenever they didn't talk she just smiled up at him.'Professor Moody' danced with Professor Sinistra, who nervously watched wherever his peg leg went. It looked very odd.“Tonight is certainly a night to remember,” I said aloud.“Yes, I agree,” Blaise said softly.When the song ended, a Durmstrang boy walked up to us. He did a slight bow to me and asked if I wanted to dance.“Go ahead,” Blaise said. “I'll go look for someone else. It was a pleasure, Melody.”“You too,” I said, beginning to dance to a much faster song with the Durmstrang boy. I realized suddenly that it was Poliakoff, the student Professor Karkaroff had insulted the night they came to Hogwarts. He had no food on his sky blue robes now, and he looked rather pleased with himself.“I haff noticed you around,” he said. “Urm... I remember you from the first night here.”“I remember you, too,” I said. “Is... is Professor Karkaroff always that mean?”“I am not supposed to speak ill of the Professor, but... yes. However, ve must follow his example.”I thought about that as he took one of my hands and spun me around.“There's no authority to go to to force a change in headmasters at Durmstrang?” I asked once I was facing him again.“No, headmaster is headmaster. He makes all the rules,” he said simply.“Makes me think of an overbearing king,” I said.Poliakoff laughedAn “Ahem,” was sounded and Poliakoff instantly stopped dancing and stepped away from me.Professor Karkaroff's cold eyes stared at the both of us. He gestured Poliakoff away, who instantly obeyed, and he smiled at me. “Dance with me?” he held his hand out.“Uh… well…” I muttered, wanting desperately to say no.“I insist,” he said, taking both my hands anyway.I'm very mentally and physically disturbed now, I thought, glancing worriedly around the room. Where's Barty when you need him?“You look like someone I once knew,” he said conversationally, looking intently at my face. “Who was your father?”I'm telling you nothing, I thought, blocking my mind in case he knew how to read it. “I don't know.”“No?”“I know his name but nothing about him,” I lied.“Would you like to know about him? Would you like to – in case he ever comes around —” he spun me into a dip, trapping me so I had no chance of walking away, “ask him not to call me… or kill me?”I looked at him in bewilderment. Wow, he's really trying to stay out of being under dad's control. “What are you talking about? My father's dead…. What are you suggesting about him?”“Is that what your mother told you? Who is she by the way?”“Orele Ollivander,” I said, figuring there was no point in hiding that fact. “I don't see what this has to do with anything, my father's dead and that's that.”“Orele?” he said in surprise. Then he smiled, finally pulling me to my feet. “How is she?”“Fine,” I said, uncomfortably glancing around for anyone to help.“I see now. That necklace is the family heirloom of the Ollivanders. Why, I wonder, would they entrust you with that?”I couldn’t help myself. I glared at him, “Do you mean to imply that my father was untrustworthy, and that I am too?”“The evilest of the evil. Quite a well-known killer. Do you know who he is known as?”“This dance is over,” I said, shaking my hands out of his grip. I started to walk away when 'Professor Moody' suddenly appeared in front of me.“Planning some devilish stunt? I noticed you two alone, I hope you weren't planning to do something right under my nose?” he asked, his magical eye on me and his normal eye trained on Professor Karkaroff, whose face turned white.Professor Karkaroff immediately stalked away, and Barty took my hand to turn our idle standing into a dance.“Where have you been?” I growled. “He was interrogating me about dad.”“I can read lips. I saw what you two talked about,” he said. “You handled him wonderfully.”“You just let me suffer out here?” I let out a frustrated sigh and whispered, “He's such a coward. Worse than Wormtail, surprisingly enough.”He chuckled, studying me. “You must be the first dance partner of mine who is worried about something besides my peg leg trampling on your feet.”“I'd worry more about dancing with Neville Longbottom. I’ve seen him waltz on Ginny Weasley's feet at least twenty times… oops, nope, make that twenty one times…. Anyway, you look like you've been able to handle the leg quite nicely.”“Do you mean to make people laugh or does it just come naturally?” he asked, a smile playing on his lips.“Depends,” I said distractedly, looking around for Becky and George. “Why?”“I've been watching you all night. You make at least one crack with the people around you – unless they're Karkaroff.”I snorted, looking up at his curious features. “And what makes you take such a fancy at watching me? Do you not trust me?”“No... I trust you. But.. you look very beautiful tonight. Your father's looks become you.”“It's just an over-exaggeration created by makeup,” I said, my face burning. “But thank you anyways.”He chuckled, “Princess, are you blushing?”“Shut up,” I said. “And don't take that as a professor, take that as Barty…… well, I see Mr. Crouch is not here tonight. Something happen to keep him home?”“My Lord didn't want to risk him overcoming the Imperius Curse. Decided it was safer to keep him around the house…”“Sounds like he must’ve almost succeeded at least once..” I replied thoughtfully. I could only imagine just how frightening it must be to have no control over your own actions, and while under the thumb of someone as dangerous as my father.“Yeah.. well…. He’s a stubborn bastard.”I snorted. “On another note, when am I having my next lesson?”He twirled me around once. “Tonight is a night for letting loose, princess. Worry about lessons another day.”I growled in frustration. “But I want to learn mo—”Quickly interrupting, he mumbled, “Snape is coming over here right now.”Damnit, I pulled away from 'Professor Moody’ as quickly as I could. Professor Snape reached us in the nick of time for 'Professor Moody' to look at him head on.“Just having a friendly conversation with Miss Riddle,” he said. Then turned to me and said, “I will see you in class.” He left.I sighed. “He saved me from Professor Karkaroff. I'm glad it's you who saved me from him.”He smirked, and held out his hand.I took it and we went into a slightly slower dance from the songs before. “This is much better than the two interrogations I just went through.”“Professor Karkaroff just explained that to me. It was really inconsiderate of him, I'm so sorry.”“It's not your fault, it… is it?”He laughed. “I didn't tell him to interrogate you if that's what you mean.”I smiled. “Sorry, I've just been handed off from teacher to teacher and it's really weird. I've danced with a Slytherin student, a Durmstrang student, then the Durmstrang headmaster, and now two of my teachers.”“Perhaps we should continue the train. Shall I hand you to Professor Dumbledore now?”“No!” I said quickly. “I'm done. You’re the last adult I'll ever dance with tonight!”Chuckling, he asked, “How many people have told you how beautiful you look tonight?”What a funny way of telling me he thinks I'm beautiful. Silly really. “I've seen stares, and heard some compliments – but for heaven's sake I'm covered in makeup! I can't even spare to say that this is my real face, because it's not... I'm grateful to Pansy for doing it for me, but seriously – why is makeup so important?”“That's what many girls believe...” he said. “That because it makes them more beautiful, it's essential for big parties.”“Whatever happened to enjoying natural beauty?” I asked.He looked at me, “I don't know.”“Urm... P-Professor?”We stopped dancing to see Draco standing there, wringing his hands.“May I have this dance?” he asked me, hesitantly holding his hand out to me.A new song had just begun, calming everything back down to a slow waltz.“I would love to,” I said, taking his hand.Severus gave me a knowing look before he glided away across the dance floor.One hand intertwined with mine as the other gently held my waist, his warmth reaching my skin through the dressrobes. His gray eyes gleamed as he elegantly led me around the dance floor.Dancing with him the way I did with Blaise and Severus, it was cozy – like we fit each other. This way I noticed he was slightly taller than me and... oh darn it, when did he become handsome? Unlike everyone else I looked him deeply in the eyes, such a pure gray. I can't be thinking this, I thought ruefully. After Marcus I shouldn't get involved again. I'm the Dark Lord's daughter, and Draco and Pansy are obviously interested in each other. He's just dancing with me because we're friends. I can’t destroy that.“Melody –” he began softly, attempting to start the conversation without finishing his thought. The silence was agonizingly long.I have to say something to keep this from being awkward. “So,” I started with a nervous giggle. “Do you hate Viktor Krum for taking Hermione Granger?”Draco seemed to think about it for a moment before shaking his head. “For what?” he twirled me around a few times before pulling me back into him, his hand hooking into my lower back to hold me closer.My heart pounded madly at the action, but I found I couldn’t look away from him.“After all,” he continued, “my best friend is a girl who doesn’t believe in pureblood supremacy. She’s even friends with that same Muggleborn.”My eyes widened as my heart chose to skip a beat, “How —?”Draco snorted derisively. “Did you really think after our fight last year that I wasn’t going to spy on you to find out the truth?”“Were you mad then?”He sighed, “Of course… but.. since you weren’t giving up on our friendship, I was happy to do the same.”If I were an emotional wreck kind of person, I would’ve teared up. As it was at that moment, though, the only thing I couldn’t stop myself from doing was jumping up to wrap him in a tight hug.His hesitant surprise was momentary. When he wrapped his arms around my lower back, it was perhaps the most comfortable I’d ever felt in a hug.“Thank you,” I whispered.“For what?” he asked.“For accepting that part of me… I’m really sorry I didn’t tell you about my — er — library visits.”He chuckled, pulling away to look me in the face… we were so close together. “I understand, Mel. You’re just different, that’s all… I just —”“— Pardon me?” another boy interjected.Draco instantly stepped away from me to stare bewilderedly at the boy.It was a boy from Beauxbatons who asked, “May I steal her for a dance?”Draco's face grew red as he said, “Er, yes. Yes, we were just finishing. Uh, go ahead – see you later, Melody.”I was surprised to find I felt disappointed as he walked away. “Night, Draco...” I said softly as the Beauxbatons boy led me into another waltz.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Once midnight came, I was more than ready to go straight to bed. I left the Great Hall with Becky, surprised with myself for actually dancing most of the night.“Were you ever not on the dance floor?” Becky asked me.“Why? Are you trying to say you, of all people, weren’t watching my every move?” I asked, rubbing my eyes tiredly.“No...” she said, blushing.I laughed, “I see.. let me guess, you snogged George.”“Maybe – okay yes – anyways were you?”“No, so my feet and my legs are killing me right now.”“I... I did see you dancing with Draco...”“Along with many other people,” I replied, looking at her. “Is he the only one you saw me dancing with? Were you kissing George for hours before and after that or something?”“Melody, stop making it about me – and no I didn't either way – it's just I noticed it.”“Did you notice Professor Karkaroff getting me to dance with him? Ugh, that was vile. And then the one to save me from him was Professor Moody, who also got me to dance with him. Then the one to save me from him was Professor Snape.”“Then Draco saved you from Professor Snape.”I narrowed my eyes. “I didn't mind dancing with Professor Snape. I'd rather dance with him than the other two professors – I'm not saying I didn't want Draco to dance with me. I liked it, but it ended pretty quickly with the Beauxbatons boy cutting in.”“Did you really, really like it?” she asked.“What I would really, really like to do is go to sleep,” I replied, stopping in front of the entrance to the common room. “Serpentine,” I said, causing the wall to open. I quickly walked across the common room and up the steps to our dormitory with Becky tagging right behind me.
  
    Chapter Text
    I woke up the next day with a yawn, and turned over on my side to look at my alarm clock. It was about two in the afternoon. Wow, I slept late. Sitting up, I leaned against the headboard, thinking in detail about the previous night and gave a slight smile to myself.Looking around, there was no one else in the room except perhaps Bodoujn who jumped onto the bed and curled up on my lap. Petting him, I wondered lightly about Barty – why was he really so set on paying attention to me? I would've thought he'd ignore me for the year except for when he needed me to help him with dad's potion, but... it seems he's more interested in me than that. Oh God I can't think of what is going on, perhaps he's just trying to treat me like a princess considering I am the flesh and blood of his master. He certainly keeps calling me that.Slightly moving Bodoujn off my lap to lay on the bed, I stood up and got dressed. I suddenly groaned, remembering the fact that in my long-term sleep I had missed breakfast and lunch.“Melody Riddle?” a voice asked suddenly. I jumped and turned to see Dobby.That gave me the idea. “Dobby! Great, could you possibly transport me to the kitchen with you? I just slept the morning away.”He smiled brightly and walked over to me, holding out his hand. “Dobby would be honored to help Melody Riddle... Dobby only came here to ask if Melody Riddle is okay.”“I've only been sleeping the day away,” I grumbled softly, taking hold of his hand and suddenly appearing in the kitchen. The house-elves looked pleased to see me, crowding around me and waiting to see what I'd like to eat. “Urm... do you have any leftovers from today's breakfast and lunch?”They all nodded and quickly went to do as I asked.I smiled and sat down at the table saying, “Did you guys know that you are perfect at your job and I love you for your kindness?” I had to hold back a small chuckle when a lot of them looked like they were blushing and smiling at each other for the compliment received.I sat there while they put a plate full of food in front of me, smelling quite delicious and heated just right. “Thank you,” I said, digging in once they bowed and moved away quickly.I thought more on the night before, back when I danced with Karkaroff. He would have told me then and there who my father was, so why didn't I let him? He'd said 'The evilest of the evil. Quite a well-known killer. Do you know who he is known as?' I don’t doubt for a moment that he would have told me exactly who my dad is… but I didn’t want him to. I didn’t want to overhear mom telling Lucius anything either.But then, I realized, with Karkaroff’s words, he would have told Professor Snape that he told me... then, no more pretenses except that I'd have to pretend I'm shocked. Same thing overhearing mom with Lucius, because Draco was standing right next to me.In any case, I wanted Severus or my mom to tell me, so I could know when they were planning on telling me such a significant bit of information and I could finally reveal to them that I've known since I was eleven. Karkaroff would have ruined that for sure.“Food not good enough for Melody Riddle?” I came out of my thoughts to see Dobby, and when I looked down at the food I saw I had only taken a bite out of the chicken and hadn't touched anything else.“Sorry, no, I was just lost in thought,” I said, eating some more. When I swallowed the second bite, I added, “Thanks for checking on me.”“Must have been very dark thoughts for Melody Riddle to look so serious,” Dobby said.“Just my life… and the dangers of the secrets I keep.”Dobby shifted uncomfortably.I sighed, and ate the rest of my meal under Dobby's innocent stare.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I returned to the common room later while hearing big bouts of shouting going on, and when I saw who was fighting I shook my head. Draco and Becky were pretty much screeching at each other while the Slytherins in the room watched with piqued interest.Becky was sarcastically retorting, “Oh, I’m sorry, could you repeat that again? I couldn’t hear you over your arrogance!!”“Being arrogant is better than being stupid!!” Draco said, his face growing red. “But I’ll repeat it for you anyways, oh deaf one! Going to the ball with a Weasley I should’ve been expecting, but dating him is completely out of the question!! You — should — not — be — going — out — with — him!!!”“Ooh, was that what you said with all the buzz I heard from your mouth? I didn’t realize you became my dad! When did my real dad give you this job, I wonder? No? He didn’t? Well then don’t tell me what I can and can’t do, Draco Malfoy! I make my own decisions!”“Very bad decisions, at that! You’re just dating him because you want to be different! You’re about as interested in him as I am with myself!!”She stormed over to the stairs to the girls’ dormitory shouting “If the shoe fits!!!”Draco raced after her, but he no sooner got up the second step than the steps turned into a slide and he slipped backwards, crashing to the floor.A few snickers broke out, here and there. Then there was the normal everyday chatter once more.I had to hold back my smile as I went over to Draco’s side, holding my hand out to him.“Oh, thanks,” he said, looking up in embarrassment and taking my hand. I pulled him up to his feet, the smile tugging at my lips so harshly that I held my hand to my mouth. He eyed me warningly, “Don’t laugh.”“I’m — I’m trying — so hard, I assure you —” I said, small chuckles getting through. “I didn’t — I didn’t realize the stairs — would do that.”“Yeah… but yet they don’t do it for our dormitory.” He was very disgruntled, obviously referring to the year Becky and I went upstairs to the boys’ room to wake them up on Christmas morning.“Hehe.. well, I suppose you’re just unhappy because she won that round before you could finish it off,” I said, smiling brightly.He was looking towards the stairs when I said that, and scowled. But once he turned to look at me, his scowl faltered and he instead gave a small chuckle. “She might use that tactic again.”“Most likely —”“What’re you talking about over here?” Marcus had come up to us, looking quite livid at that moment.Draco’s lips took an immediate downturn — and, for that matter, so did mine.“I don’t recall inviting you over here…” I said frostily. “But, since you’re here, I might as well say we were just talking about his little fiasco with Becky. I suppose you saw it?”He gave a smug smile, and said, “Yes, I saw the whole thing — quite a lovers’ row, don’t you think?”Draco was really frowning at him then. “That was not —”“Those who deny it only prove that it’s true,” Marcus replied. He then turned fully towards me, saying, “I really need to talk to you.”“There’s nothing to say with you making up ridiculous reasons behind arguments,” I said, which caused Draco to give a small smile. “And, not only that, but I would rather have another all night detention with ‘Professor ‘Mad-Eye’ Moody’ than to speak with you alone.” I heard a few gasps all about the room and glared at everyone who stared at us. I hadn’t even realized the chatter had stopped. “Don’t you all have something better to do?”People jumped right back into their small groups, and I turned my glare back to Marcus who fumed silently.“Melody… please….” he said, reaching his hand out to brush against my cheek.I stepped back.. however…. “Fine, but not here.”“My room, then?” he asked. “My roommates won’t be in there until much later.”“I already know their daily habits,” I said, already making my way up the steps to the boys’ dormitory.Once in his room, he closed the door behind us and stood around in silence while I waited for him to say what he wanted to say. The room was no different from the one I shared with the girls, except for the added Quidditch posters.“I’m not with Jacqueline anymore,” he started out, and gave me a small smile. As if it made up for everything.So that is the Beauxbatons girl’s name… I never cared to ask or wonder. “Oh, how terrible she must feel,” I said stiffly.“That’s all you have to say about it?” he asked, slightly disappointed.“I don’t know how you possibly could have been expecting anything more out of me when you cheated on me with her,” I said, walking around the room as I ranted. “You might think breaking up with her redeems you, but really it makes you look even more pathetic. That you could spend months without caring about the other one finding out… and once we’re all in the same room, you can’t seem to make up your mind. That once I break up with you and you begin the relationship with her, you begin wanting me back again. I’d rather not suffer through your stupid indecisions, Marcus.”He was angry again, and nothing could tamp it down now. “Pathetic?! Indecisions?! I have always wanted you as my girlfriend, Melody! You know that! I just didn’t know how to ward her off, and —”“And yet you started a relationship with her anyways,” I finished.He glared furiously at me, “I didn’t think you’d care so much… I promised I’d be by your side, and I want to stand by my word. You don’t love me anyway, so why is it such a problem that I indulge a little? You don’t understand —”I had heard quite enough. How dare he think he can justify his actions?“You know what, Marcus?” I yelled, causing him to flinch back in surprise as I glared back at him with all my might. “So what if I don’t understand love? So what if my father is the reason for that as the Darkest Lord of all time? Even I understand the one basic concept of it as this: you don’t sneak around with someone else behind the back of the person you claim to love. That proves to the very last that you lied when you said you loved me — you lied when you said you would always have my back. That is why I can’t stand looking at you right now!”He grit his teeth, clenching his hands into fists. “No one can love you like I do…. I promise I won’t do it again. I —”“You don’t get it, do you?” I snapped. “There’s nothing else you can say that can take back what has been done. I gave you a second chance to prove yourself to me, and you wasted it. Also, assuming that you had a right to knowing any of my plans for my father was another place where you failed. I still wanted you to earn that trust. That progress is completely gone now… and all I want is for you to be out of my sight.”I brushed past him, but he quickly wrapped a hand around my wrist. He quickly changed his tone of voice, “I’m begging of you, Melody… please, don’t let it end like this. I promise —”I spun my gaze toward him, and he flinched as he stared nervously into my eyes…. I felt such…… Fury. Enough that the idea of using that energy stealing spell Barty taught me was extremely tempting. I fought hard to dial it back, taking deep breaths until I felt calm enough to stare soberly back at him. “You’re far too late to make anything up to me. Just leave me alone.”Marcus’ shoulders slumped as though he were resigned to his fate. He nodded, but he didn’t let go of my wrist. “Okay… just know…. I will find a way…” he said softly, brushing his other hand across my cheek, “to make you mine again.”“You know what? You’re right Marcus,” I replied heatedly, gauging his stupefied expression a moment before smacking his hand away. “You will… in your dreams. We’re done here…” I wanted to say ‘don’t talk to me again,’ but I supposed that would be too much to ask for. So I just snatched my other arm out of his grasp, and walked out the door.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The Christmas holidays ended quite quickly, leaving everyone to moan and groan while wishing for a longer break.Becky and George were having a blast with all the looks they got as they walked down the hallways together hand-in-hand. Some people sneered at them and some just looked at them in plain shock. In any case, they made jokes about some of the faces they saw — quite openly — causing those they made fun of to blush with embarrassment.Fred went with them everywhere, of course — the twins never left each other's side. In fact… now that I think of it, I don’t think they’re ever in a room without each other. Not that I’ve seen, anyways.One such time they were roaming the halls, Hermione and I were alone in the library when she told me about Harry and Ron overhearing Professor Hagrid telling Madame Maxime that he was half giant.“Oh…” I said softly. “That’s not too surprising, but if that were to get out it would be very detrimental to Professor Hagrid’s reputation.” Just think.. if I were to tell that to Draco, he’d ask ‘What reputation?’ I thought wryly.It was when Draco handed me a newspaper one morning at breakfast that I realized the golden trio were not the only ones who knew about Professor Hagrid’s conversation: DUMBLEDORE’S GIANT MISTAKEAlbus Dumbledore, eccentric Headmaster of Hog-warts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has neverbeen afraid to make controversial staff appoint-ments, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. InSeptember of this year, he hired Alastor “Mad-Eye”Moody, the notoriously jinx-happy ex-Auror, toteach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a decisionthat caused many raised eyebrows at the Ministryof Magic, given Moody’s well-known habit of at-tacking anybody who makes a sudden movementin his presence. Mad-Eye Moody, however, looksresponsible and kindly when set beside the part-human Dumbledore employs to teach Care ofMagical Creatures.Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelledfrom Hogwarts in his third year, has enjoyed theposition of gamekeeper at the school ever since, ajob secured for him by Dumbledore. Last year,however, Hagrid used his mysterious influence overthe headmaster to secure the additional post ofCare of Magical Creatures teacher, over the headsof many better-qualified candidates.An alarmingly large and ferocious-looking man,Hagrid has been using his newfound authority toterrify the students in his care with a succession ofhorrific creatures. While Dumbledore turns a blindeye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during aseries of lessons that many admit to being “veryfrightening.”“I was attacked by a hippogriff, and my friendVincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm,”says Draco Malfoy, a fourth-year student. “We allhate Hagrid, but we’re just too scared to sayanything.”Hagrid has no intention of ceasing his campaignof intimidation, however. In conversation with aDaily Prophet reporter last month, he admittedbreeding creatures he has dubbed “Blast-EndedSkrewts,” highly dangerous crosses between manti-cores and fire-crabs. The creation of new breeds ofmagical creatures is, of course, an activity usuallyclosely observed by the Department for the Regu-lation and Control of Magical Creatures. Hagrid,however, considers himself to be above such pettyrestrictions.“I was just having some fun,” he says, beforehastily changing the subject.As if this were not enough, the Daily Prophet hasnow unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not — ashe has always pretended — a pure-blood wizard.He is not, in fact, even pure human. His mother,we can exclusively reveal, is none other than thegiantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are cur-rently unknown.Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants broughtthemselves to the point of extinction by warringamongst themselves during the last century. Thehandful that remained joined the ranks of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, and were responsiblefor some of the worst mass Muggle killings of hisreign of terror.While many of the giants who served He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named were killed by Aurors work-ing against the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was notamong them. It is possible she escaped to one ofthe giant communities still existing in foreignmountain ranges. If his antics during Care of Mag-ical Creatures lessons are any guide, however, Frid-wulfa’s son appears to have inherited her brutalnature.In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to havedeveloped a close friendship with the boy whobrought around You-Know-Who’s fall frompower — thereby driving Hagrid’s own mother,like the rest of You-Know-Who’s supporters, intohiding. Perhaps Harry Potter is unaware of the un-pleasant truth about his large friend — but AlbusDumbledore surely has a duty to ensure that HarryPotter, along with his fellow students, is warnedabout the dangers of associating with part-giants. “‘Mysterious influence?’ ‘Ferocious-looking man?’ ‘Vincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm?’” I asked in fury, and threw the newspaper back to a shocked Draco. “That’s a whole bunch of garbage!”“What? This is a true article if I’ve ever seen one,” Draco said, smoothing out the creases I had made in it.“You’re asking for a slap in the face Draco, ‘deed you are. Flobberworms haven’t got any teeth! And that whole hippogriff incident was your fault, if you’d recall, not Professor Hagrid’s!”“Melody, this —” he no sooner started to retort than Trixy snatched the newspaper out of his hand so she and Lissy could read it.“That —” I pointed at the paper, “is always going to be a bunch of made up crap.”“Okay, Mel, agree to disagree. But even if some of it were made up, it’s mostly based on the truth anyway.”I scoffed, turning my attention to my scrambled eggs in hopes of distracting myself. “Ugh…. Lies are inedible to me, I don’t get how everyone can just swallow them.”Trixy handed the paper back to Draco before signing, “Wow, this Hagrid seems quite scary — I think I might just take Care of Magical Creatures my third year to see if he’s as scary to me as he seems to be to you.”Draco rolled his eyes and scowled at her.“He’s not frightening at all,” I informed her. “He’s really very harmless — he just has too much love in his heart for dangerous creatures.”“Why was he expelled? Does anyone know?” Lissy asked curiously.“He was expelled for the wrong reason, I do assure you,” I said, recalling that during my second year I learned that my dad had framed Professor Hagrid for opening the Chamber of Secrets fifty years prior. Only Professor Dumbledore had believed in Professor Hagrid’s innocence.“I doubt —” Draco started to say.“Don’t talk about what you think, Draco, it’s history — which I excel in. He was expelled for the wrong reason!”Draco leaned back as I yelled. I immediately felt guilty as he said, “You didn’t let me finish. I —”“Good morning, everyone!” Becky interrupted, dropping giddily down next to me.“Why are you still talking to me?” Draco asked her.“And why shouldn’t I?” she replied, still in a bright mood, pouring herself a glass of orange juice and sipping it. When he didn’t reply, she continued, “You are very infuriating Draco, I’ll admit that, but at the moment I don’t think anything will break my happy walls.”“Happy walls… perhaps those are just what I need. How do you get them, might I ask?” I was only being sarcastic, but it did give me the idea to block my mind. That way I could just hide my anger, and wouldn’t snap at Draco again for being his usual self. I put two walls up, feeling the anger slide away.“Oh, I get them from kissing George — I believe Fred has that same ability, and he has told me he’s saving his lips just for you.” Becky gave her signature cheshire grin, but it seemed to pack more mischief behind it than usual.I burst into laughter, the walls I had just built crumbling away. Wow, Fred….“Absolutely not!” Draco practically screamed.I looked up at him, his face red with anger. “Hehe, sorry Becky, it looks like the king of the Slytherin common room says ‘no.’ I dare not disobey him like you did, oh dauntless one.”Surprisingly enough, Becky and even Draco laughed at that.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛That afternoon, we tread our way through the heavy snow to Care of Magical Creatures. I wonder how Professor Hagrid’s doing? I wondered.“My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank,” I distinctly heard as we got closer to the cabin. I looked up to see who’d said that, considering I’d been looking at the ground trying to put my feet into the footprints already imprinted in the snow. The substitute professor was an elderly witch with closely cropped gray hair and a prominent chin, suggesting she was extremely stubborn. “I am your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher.”The Gryffindors were already there — well, we were about five minutes late.“Where’s Hagrid?” Harry asked her loudly.“He is indisposed.”The Slytherins broke out in bouts of small laughter. I was frowning, was Professor Hagrid embarrassed by what was written about him?Professor Grubbly-Plank said, “This way, please,” and made her way around the paddock holding the shivering Beauxbatons horses, all of us following her.“What’s wrong with Hagrid?” Harry asked her.“Never you mind.”“I do mind, though. What’s up with him?” Harry was getting angry. Imagine how angry he’ll get when he actually reads the article.Professor Grubbly-Plank proceeded to ignore him, and having made her way around the paddock she began walking toward the edge of the forest where a unicorn was tethered to a tree. There were many “ooooohs” from the other girls upon this sight… especially Becky.The snow, white as it was, wasn’t nearly as white as the unicorn. Having only seen a dead one once before, it was nice to see it alive and healthy.“Boys keep back!” Professor Grubbly-Plank barked, throwing an arm out in front of Harry who was about to walk over to it. “They prefer the woman’s touch, unicorns. Girls to the front, and approach with care, come on, easy does it….”I walked along with the girls, slowly, toward the unicorn. The boys stood near the paddock fence, watching.She had us standing around the unicorn, petting it gently while she barked out the lesson about the magical properties of unicorns.I was stroking the unicorn’s nose, looking in its bright, black eyes. To think that dad ordered for some unicorns to be killed by Professor Quirrell without even a bit of guilt is quite the show of how ruthless he can be to get what he wants. He was ruthless as a teenager… could mom have possibly tamped that down when he met her? Could he have really, truly fallen in love with her?No, I denied myself, he’s the Dark Lord. He doesn’t have feelings of love, having done his best to avoid it… but love can happen to anyone.. and besides, why else would he make sure he had mom to himself — demanding her to break off her engagement with Lockhart? In any case, he has a lot of care and affection for me… I think… and trust that’s not well-placed….“Miss Riddle, pay attention, this is important!” Professor Grubbly-Plank snapped.I blinked, and looked at her apologetically, “Sorry, professor. It won’t happen again…” I blocked my impending thoughts, and listened to the professor for the rest of the lesson.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“What did you get lost in thought about?” Becky asked as we walked back up to the castle.I had to admit to myself that the lesson we’d had was better than those we’d been having with Professor Hagrid since the hippogriffs, but I still blamed it all on Draco for ruining the amazing creatures we could have had if he’d just kept his mouth shut.“I was just thinking about that dead unicorn —”“Dead unicorn?!” Becky shrieked. And her good mood was gone.. just like that.Draco groaned. “Now you just reminded me of it.”“When did you see a dead unicorn?!” she shrieked again.“When Draco had that detention in the Forbidden Forest,” I said, trusting she would remember that. “And I followed along in secret to keep him company.”Her mouth dropped open. “Why didn’t you ever tell me about this?!”“Wouldn’t that be a joyous conversation for someone as innocent as you used to be?” I said jokingly. She slapped my arm in vexation.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛About halfway into January, there was a Hogsmeade visit that Draco and I agreed to go to together. Becky had already made plans to go with the twins, and Vincent and Greg were stuck in detention.“I suppose I should’ve guessed that this would be the outcome,” I admitted as we walked side by side out of Honeyduke’s each holding a bag full of candy. Our hands were stuffed into our pockets for warmth, so the bags hung from our arms.“I knew it would,” Draco said pompously.“But I never expected how awkward it would feel to be a fourth-wheeler,” I joked, elbowing Draco humorously as I imagined how out of place I would’ve felt around Becky and the twins. “Thanks for hanging with me.”Draco elbowed me back with a grin, “What choice did I really have? It was between going with you, or by myself.”“Hey!”He chuckled, “I’m only joking, Mel. Of course I’m happy to accompany you.”“Now you’re making it sound like you’re only my butler or something.”Draco’s face scrunched up in distaste. “Reduced to a mere servant. Melody, you wound me.”I snorted, “You’ll be fine….” I debated shortly with myself on my next question, wanting desperately to ask it but yet not wanting my secret emotions to be made clear. “I — erm — have a question for you, Draco.”“Yeah?” he turned his head to look at me intently as we stopped in the middle of the walkway.“I notice you didn’t mention Pansy as an option for today.”“That’s not really a question.”I rolled my eyes with an awkward chuckle, “I mean, why don’t you consider her an option?”His gray eyes were curious as they looked me over, glinting slightly in the light of falling snow. “Why do you ask?”“Uhh,” I sighed, trying to think of the best way to explain it. “I mean.. she was your date for the Yule Ball, I guess I just thought….”Draco finished my sentence, “… that we’d be dating? Is that what you thought?”I nodded.He stared up at the pale sky, distracted as if by a daydream. “That was just for someone to go with. She’s not who I really wanted to go to the ball with.”“Then who —?”“Why didn’t you go with Flint?”I looked at him, my eyes just as curious as I wondered why he didn’t let me finish my question. “Why would I go with him?”“You actually did date him… I thought you might’ve cared enough about him to give in and let him take you — It’s not to say that I thought you’d be weak and let him walk over you, but….” his voice tapered off as he struggled to think of what to say to save his trainwreck of words.Luckily for him, I understood what he was trying to explain. Luckily for me, I really wanted someone to talk about my feelings with. “To be honest, Draco… I didn’t really care about the whole thing. I didn’t care about him. I’m… I’m actually worried that I don’t really care about anyone. Like I don’t have any feelings.”Draco was silent for about a minute, most likely thinking about how to react…… He did the unexpected. He snickered.“Hey!” I automatically smacked his arm. “Are you laughing at me?”He held an arm up, failing to hold back his barrage of laughter as he replied. “I’m — I’m sorry — hehe — it’s just…” he gave a heavy sigh, looking at me solemnly as if he’d just released all the humor he had left. “Do you really think you’re incapable of feelings?”“I don’t think it. I know it.”“You love your parents.”I dismissed it. “Loving your parents is a universal prerequisite despite worldwide issues between parents and their children.”“You love your brothers.”“Also a prerequisite. They’re little angels for now, but wait until they get bigger and I might just hate them along with other teens around the world with young, annoying siblings. Even then, the love will always be there.”“You care about your best friends.”“Well.. of course…” I waved my hands. “But, I mean in general like with romantic relationships.. I feel like I don’t always care the way I should. When Marcus and I broke up, I didn’t care about that. The only problem I had was that I’d wasted my time on him, I mean — I — I don’t know, it just worries me is all. Like it’s not fair to the people around me.”Draco’s smile was reassuring as he wrapped an arm over my shoulder, “You know, Mel, the way I see it is that you do care. You do have feelings…. Face it, someone without human emotions wouldn’t feel so worried about how their actions affect others. If you didn’t care, we wouldn’t be having this conversation, now would we?”I found myself smiling back. Marcus always said it as though I didn’t know what it was to have emotions, but… Draco was making me feel like a normal teenage girl. That I had just as much heart as anyone else. And I was enjoying every moment of it despite the fact he didn’t know the reason behind my worries.“Thanks, Draco. I think I really needed that.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “Try not to worry about the spell hitting you,” I advised Pansy. I’d started teaching her a few defense spells that afternoon, and she mostly cringed with every spell I sent her way. “The point of defense is for you to be able to keep yourself safe from an enemy while you think of a spell to use against them — it’s a sort of distraction method, you could say.”“That’s hard to imagine when you know the spell is meant to hurt you,” Pansy said nervously.I paced thoughtfully, just then noticing the small audience that had gathered around me. I automatically looked at everyone in turn as I said, “It’s true, you need to know exactly when a spell is meant to be used against you, yourself. However, keeping yourself calm is essential to being able to defend yourself. If you want to stay safe, you have to learn how to keep control over your emotions.”“Wouldn’t it be better to let your emotions control your spell-casting?” one student blurted.I looked over at him. He was a first year student, with curly brown hair. He blushed slightly under my gaze.“That’s a very good question, actually. What’s your name?”“Graham Pritchard,” he said.“Then answer me this, Mr. Pritchard. Why do you think putting emotion into a spell is better?”“Well…” he looked very surprised by the question. “Because… because then there's a reason.. behind the — uh — spell… right?”“Are you quite sure?” I asked.He paused, “No.”“I’d suggest you offer a justifiable reason behind every answer you give in case a teacher asks.” The boy blushed again and his friends chuckled slightly. “I personally agree with you, though emotion is helpful sometimes. Only one emotion would always be helpful, and that is courage. Courage drives you behind every single spell you make, otherwise they would all be meager little spurts of kid’s magic.“But what I mean by controlling your emotions is to control your fear. An enemy can practically smell it off of you, and any other emotion can be sensed as well when you put what you’re thinking about into consideration. You can’t be thinking ‘oh I want to go home,’ not when your attacker is standing in front of you feeling all your fear and trepidation pouring out of you. You have to focus your thinking on what spells to use against them while effectively protecting yourself. Just clear your mind of everything that clutters your brain except for the spells you know will assist you in that moment.”“And if the spell coming towards you is the Killing Curse?” Pansy asked.I shrugged, “Well, then, do the next best thing and duck out of the way with. Just hope that it will rebound off of something, and hit the attacker instead.”Some people chuckled. Some blanched. I, however, smiled excitedly as I looked at everyone who’d gathered around to listen. There was something rejuvenating about other kids learning something from me. “To those who want some practice... let’s begin.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Severus walked into the common room about forty minutes later, and stared in silent shock at the scene before him. Students were in partners, neatly strewn across the common room, casting spells as each other as well as defending. True duelling.He looked over at me as I studied a certain fight, commenting things like “You had some good power behind that stunning spell, Pritchard, but don’t wander your eyes away from Parker.” Graham and Lissy are actually doing pretty well for first years. “Actually, Parker, that’s Furnunculus, not Furnooncoolus.” To the room at large, I shouted, “Pronunciation is key, everybody, remember that! Say something wrong, and it’ll backfire!”I paced through the room again, watching everyone in turn. They all looked like they were actually having fun. Pansy and Millicent giggled when they successfully defended themselves against their partners. Draco and Becky fought each other, lost in concentration as they cast defense and offense spells back to back. Lissy and Graham did very well, actually seeming to hit it off with each other. If I do this again, I’ll have to give them different partners — perhaps challenge them with older students. Trixy was already challenging herself, duelling Blaise of all people… but he was going easy on her.“Miss Figsund can take care of herself, Mr. Zabini, I want to see you at least try to hit her.”Trixy positively glowed with humor.A tap at my shoulder made me jump, I’d been so lost in thought. I looked to see, “Oh, Professor Snape…! How long have you been here?”“Long enough — how did this start?” he said, looking around at the room in fascination.I scratched the back of my neck, “Well, I started out helping Pansy with defensive spells. When everyone showed an interest in what I was teaching her, they all just joined in.”“I thought you hated being the center of attention in a crowd.”I thought through that, looking at everyone around me. “Well… yeah, but… I don’t know what’s so different about this. It’s… fun, actually.”“Hm… call this off, and come meet with me in my office.”I shrugged, “We’ve been doing it long enough, I suppose.” I gave a loud whistle and everyone turned to face me. A few were just as surprised as me to see Professor Snape there, “That’s it for today! Good job everyone, you did great!”Everyone dispersed, talking to each other in mumbled voices. Lissy and Graham continued talking, and laughed when Trixy bound over to them in a comical fashion.I turned to Severus, and gave a mock bow, “Lead the way, m’lord.”He rolled his eyes, but set off to his office with me close on his heels. When he closed the door to his office behind us, he looked at me. “Was that the first time?”“Yes,” I said, walking away from him to partially sit on his desk with my legs crossed in front of me. “Are you going to make a really big deal over it? I’d only promised Pansy that I’d help her with defense spells, and when everyone began watching it sort of turned into a class lesson.”“It was as if you’d done it a hundred times before… and you even kept it professional.”My nose scrunched up, “How’s that? The professional part, I mean…”“You didn’t call any of them by their first name — not even Miss Parker or Miss Figsund. Did you not notice you were doing that?”“I was doing that on purpose… for the benefits of a regular classroom sort of thing instead of when I’m tutoring. I thought it seemed to be quite a useful tactic to keep them on task, and listen to my instructions.”“So now you understand why I do it,” he replied with a small smirk.I didn’t answer, merely noting in my mind how I’d hated just being called ‘Riddle’ my first year… it seemed so long ago since that day. “Well, you could say I learn from the best.”“Melody, you’re taking your O.W.L.’s this year — and next year your N.E.W.T.’s — have you thought at all about what you’ll do after that?”“No,” I said truthfully. “I have been… procrastinating on those thoughts — it just seems so far away.”“It’s not. It is very close considering how fast you’re moving.”I moved to the chair in front of his desk, and slumped down in it. Did he just bring me here to make me think about my future instead of having fun teaching in the spare time I had?He chuckled, as if he’d read my thoughts. “I believe you would be a great teacher here.”I sat up. “Wow, I hadn’t thought of that…”“Apparently not.”I scowled at him.“Perhaps you could qualify for Defense Against the Dark Arts.”“No, I’d rather not be yet another person who takes the job you want,” I said. He gave such a surprised look that I knew he didn’t know what to say. “Don’t get me wrong, it’s a fascinating subject… as all the subjects are… but if I’m to be a teacher, couldn’t I possibly make a new subject?”He looked thoughtful, “What kind of subject?”“What do you think?” I asked with a small laugh. “Wands! The history of wands have been passed down from generation to generation in certain families such as mine, but what if I could share that sort of information to anyone who might decide to become a wandmaker? Or at least to just learn a little bit more about wands?”“That would work…” he said, nodding. “Are you sure you haven’t thought about this before?”I laughed “Yeah, I did it just now. It’s a short process.”Chuckling, he asked, “You like your idea? You want to become a professor of wands?”“I like the plan — yeah. Yeah, I want to become a professor of wands.”He inclined his head. “Now that that’s decided, it’s time for you to go back to the common room.” He opened the door and beckoned for me to walk out of it.“Severus…” I said walking up to him. When I stood right next to him I said “Thank you,” and walked out the door to go back to the common room.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Barty and I sped through the Forbidden Forest, racing against each other to see who could finish three laps first. It was childish, yes, but I couldn’t help but laugh as we found ourselves tied neck-and-neck leading up to the imaginary finish line.“What is the outcome going to be if we tie?” I called out to him, the wind roaring in my ears. It was really quite funny to look at him surrounded by fast-moving black smoke.. enough that I wondered how I looked while surrounded by it.“Nothing, I suppose,” he yelled back, seemingly gaining speed. “But, I wouldn’t count on it! You’re about to eat my dust!”I chuckled, pushing more effort into keeping up with him. “You wish!”As it was, I called the end of the race a tie but Barty insisted that he was a hair ahead of me. Naturally, I let him enjoy his ‘victory.’“Your eyes get redder every time you use Dark magic,” he noted, leaning toward me  with one hand on my chin so he could turn my face this way and that.I swallowed a lump in my throat. “Do they stay red outside of our lessons?”He shook his head, letting go of my chin to grin at me. “Not at all. Why do you sound so worried about it?”“If my eyes are turning red,” I sighed, “it will only be a matter of time before someone attributes it to Dark magic. I’m screwed if my mother learns about it.”He scoffed, turning away to gather his bags.“What was that for?” I asked curiously.“Be proud of who you come from. Your parents are skilled in Dark Arts. You’ll get control over it.”“And what if I don’t? I can’t go around school with red eyes. I have half a mind to believe that my eyes turn red when I’m angry,” I admitted, keeping my impending panic tamped down.“All the more intimidation to add to your image,” he said, licking his lips excitedly. “You should never be ashamed of who you come from.”I rolled my eyes, “I’m not ashamed. I just can’t risk being found out yet, that’s all.”He stared at me a few moments before something seemed to snap, “You should get ready for that time to come soon, princess…. Your part is coming up. There won’t be any time for hiding once you finish that potion for him.”“I know, I know…” I said, nervously imagining Professor Dumbledore’s normal easygoing attitude turning sour.He snarled at my reaction, “You better not back out —”“I would never!” I snapped irritably. “I’ve never backed out of anything, Barty! Not when it comes to helping my dad!”He frowned, but gave no response. I didn’t wait for one as I stalked off, my heart full of fury and fear.Which part would overpower the other?
  
    Chapter Text
    “Mel, can I ask you something?” Draco asked me the night before February twenty fourth — the day the second task was to take place. We sat next to each other, working on our Potions essays together.“Ask away,” I replied, writing down another sentence.“It’s about the day after the Quidditch World Cup.. when your mother was yelling at my father.”I dropped my quill immediately, sentence forgotten as I looked up at him. Don’t tell me he’s going to ask what I think he’s going to ask…?His gray eyes seemed stern as he stared back at me. “Why didn’t you wait to hear what she was going to say about your real father?”… And it’s exactly what I secretly hoped he wouldn’t notice. I picked up the quill in an attempt to finish working on my essay, “Oh that… it’s nothing, really. I just —”His hand on mine stopped me in my tracks, skin warm and tingly to the touch. My cheeks burned as I stared at our combined hands in hopes of avoiding looking at him. Why was such a simple act making me so flustered?“It’s been bothering me, because the strange way that she talked about it made me curious. I’d hoped you would explain why you avoided hearing it at least a little, but you never brought it up….”I glared at my paper, calculating something — anything — to say so he could give up on it.“Mel..” he said softly, his free hand shaking as he brought it up to my chin and turned my head to face him. His eyes emitted nothing but seriousness, yet his close proximity only made me feel like my cheeks were burning hotter than before. How is this even possible?! The burning even traveled up to my ears.“Erm —” dangit, I’ve lost all track of my thoughts… my brain feels useless. “W-Well.. I.. it…” I sighed. “I want to know about my dad, of course… but I want to hear it from her when she knows I’m listening.”His hand released my chin, as though knowing I wouldn’t turn away once I’d finally admitted it. “But what if she never tells you? What if you keep waiting for nothing?”I forced a smile to my face, closing my eyes so I wouldn’t have to see his reaction. “She can’t hide it forever. I’ll get the truth eventually, I’m sure. Thanks for worrying, though.”The warmth of his hand lifted as he suddenly stood up and left. I opened my eyes to see him speeding up to his dorm.“Well… that went well….” I commented to myself, staring off after him, rubbing my hot cheeks with the cold hand he hadn’t touched. How strange for his hands to be so warm when mine were freezing.
  What was 
  
    that
  
   all about.. with the hand and…? Agh, I can’t be worrying about him right now, it’s almost March — in about two months, I’ll have to start making the Flesh, Blood, and Bone potion… and put my magic into it. I still have to decide whether or not to put emotions into it — then again, maybe I should ask what his actions toward mom were? They were obviously loving enough to conceive me…. Ugh, 
  
    don’t
  
   think about that, Melody!… Well, he 
  
    used
  
   to be handsome. Since I’m a spit image of him when he was younger and — well, not a snake-faced bundle of terror. He had to have shown 
  
    some
  
   type of reaction to… 
  
    being
  
   with her?
“Was that a Draco storm I saw?” Becky had just arrived in the common room, obviously having come from a time spent with George – and Fred. How does he feel about being a third wheel, I wonder?“I don’t know about a storm…”“What did you do now?”“Nothing!” I looked at her indignantly. “Why would you think I did something?”She sat down next to me without answering, merely looked at me as though trying to use x-ray eyes on my soul.I rolled my eyes, looking back down at my work, “What did you do with Fred and George today, then?”“Well, we were going to play a few pranks on people when Professor McGonagall stopped us in the hallways,” she said mildly.I snorted with laughter. “Did you.. get a detention for the first time in your life?”“No, actually she wanted us to find Ron and Hermione to send them to her.”I looked at her in surprise, “Whatever for? Did they do something wrong?”She shrugged wordlessly, “Looked a bit grim, but didn’t say what she needed to talk to them about. We found them in the library helping Harry look for something – perhaps on the second task.”I frowned, “I hope he’ll be ready for whatever he’s got to face tomorrow.”“Me too. I’m rooting for him to win so he better not mess it up,” she said.I laughed, “What are you going to do if he does mess it up?”“Let’s just say that Fred, George and I have got something at the ready just in case,” she said with a mischievous smile.“Thanks for that, that’s very informative,” I said sarcastically.She giggled uncontrollably.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The next day, I slowly ate my breakfast in between Draco and Lissy who were excitedly blabbering with Trixy about what possible task the champions would be facing that day. Becky, again, started out not sitting with us but at the Gryffindor table – one of these days, either Professor Snape or Professor McGonagall are going to drag her away from that table and ban her from going over there ever again. I don’t doubt it.“Do any of you know where we’re going today?” I asked curiously.“I think I saw the seats from the dragon task out beside the lake,” Trixy commented.“Wonder who will win the challenge of holding your breath the longest,” I said casually.I was happy to have emitted a laugh from everyone at the table, but the laughter ended rather abruptly when Marcus passed by on his way out of the Great Hall with a sneer in my direction. My angry glare back at him seemed to make him speed out even faster.Lissy surprised me when she used one hand to turn my head toward her. “Funny, I could’ve sworn I saw your eyes flash red for a moment.”Crap. I forced a chuckle, “Probably a trick of the light.”She shrugged, returning her attention to her food. “You might be right.”I sagged in my seat as I thought irritably about my eyes. Barty didn’t think I should be worried about them, but I was…… what if Professor Dumbledore ever saw them do that?I hated risking it, but Barty was not at Hogwarts to help me keep my anger under control. He was there to teach me to let it out.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I sat in between Draco and Lissy. Trixy was seated on Lissy’s lap…. I still don’t understand why they did this — Ludo Bagman’s voice resounded loudly through the stands, causing everyone to stop what they were doing and pay attention.“Well, all our champions are ready for the second task, which will start on my whistle. They have precisely an hour to recover what has been taken from them. On the count of three, then. One… two… three!”The whistle sounded, high and sharp, in the cold wind; everyone around me erupted with cheers and applause. Fleur Delacour and Cedric Diggory cast the Bubble-Head Charm on themselves and Viktor Krum did a transfiguration spell — which only half worked so that his head was the only part transfigured to that of a shark — and they dove right in. Harry Potter took out what I guessed was a handful of gillyweed, stuffed it into his mouth, and began wading out into the lake with a few slips and slides.When he stood still, Draco and some other people laughed in amusement. Then, he suddenly looked as though he were choking, grabbing hold of his neck, before he flung himself into the water. He must have just gotten his gills.So it had begun, and the hour was ticking by in which we would all just sit here and wait. Staring at a damn lake with no idea what was going on underneath. Why are we here?“What shall we do as we wait?” Trixy asked. Then a mischievous smile crossed her face, “Would you all help me in teasing Becky and Joey?”“Depends…” I said with a matching smile. “What do you have in mind?”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Some time later, after a bit of practice, I dropped down in a seat next to Becky who jumped and looked at me with skepticism due to my extremely jocose expression.“Hi!” I said brightly to her, waving to Fred and George enthusiastically. “How are you doing on this wonderful day?”“Wonderful?” Fred asked dubiously. “Who are you and what have you done with Melody?”I laughed, “Come now, you sound as if you’ve seen the impossible happen!”“I just have.”“What are you trying to do, Melody?” Becky asked suspiciously.I frowned, “I’m only trying to be a little happier. I finally stopped to think about how much of a.. well.. party pooper I am to your happy partying soul. You like hanging out with these two more than me because you have more fun with them, and I want to be fun too!” I took a tiny box out of my pocket and handed it to her. “This is from me to you,” I said shakily, wiping non-existent tears from my eyes.Becky looked absolutely bewildered and… and riddled with guilt. She took the box asking, “What is it?”“Open it up and see,” I said with a small smile.She smiled, and seemed to be on the verge of saying ‘thank you’ when the fireworks began. Not literally, of course, I’d be put in detention for that. It was actually a few popping noises heard between the four of us with a loud gasp from the three of them, and small snickers from me. There were bright flashes — blinding us only momentarily — then a blast of music. By that point it was finished with a bit of added confetti sprinkled on top of Becky.There had been no knowing how she’d react to the prank, but so far I’d seen only a brief reaction and wasn’t sure just how mad she might be.“How’d you like it?” I asked.“How did you do that?” George asked. He and Fred looked excited.“Ask Trixy. Apparently she does this sort of thing often,” I said with a wave of my hand.“I love it!” Becky said suddenly, wrapping her arms around me.I sat there in shock. “What?”“I know it was a prank,” she said with a bit of giggling. “Trixy always does these sorts of things with a few added features, sometimes with really horrible things attached like spiders. But here — it was confetti! Who thought that up?”“Uh… I did… Trixy had wanted to put eels at the end, though I’m not quite sure how she’d have managed that… Huh….”She pulled away and looked at me with sudden eagerness, “Has she done it to Joey yet?”“Actually, she should be doing that right about now, though not ending with confetti. Rather she put moths, of all things.”She gave a little jump of excitement, “Joey hates moths! I’m going to go see if I can help her out.” Brushing off the confetti that hadn’t already detached from her, she then grabbed my arm, and George’s, and whisked us over. Faster than we could blink, we made it when Trixy and Lissy were just sitting down with Joey.When we sat down, Joey looked at each of us in turn and noted disdainfully, “To what do I owe this pleasure of my sisters and their Slytherin friends coming to sit with me?”“Don’t forget us,” Fred and George noted humorously.I looked over my shoulder at Fred in surprise. He actually kept up with Becky despite the fact she didn’t grab him?“Yes, and my sister’s two boyfriends.”“Ooh!... Ouch….” I said, my wince painfully real. “I didn’t realize you downgraded your own sister to such a low level!”Before he could reply — he never did like me — Trixy placed the box in his lap. “I know you’ve been ignoring Becky and I because we’re both in Slytherin, but please it’s not our fault that the hat didn’t place us in Ravenclaw…. However, if it is, this is a gift from the both of us telling you we’re sorry.”“Trixy and I thought about this one night, and we wanted to give this to you,” Becky said. “We really do love you, Joey.”“With all our hearts,” Trixy finished.Honest to all the world, Slytherins could easily become famous actors and actresses! I thought in amusement.He looked them both in the eyes, having gone through this sort of thing with them many times before. Once he opened it, the same events happened as with Becky — although, instead beginning with his resounding shrieks  and ending in even higher pitched shrieks. Especially when the moths burst out and quickly flew away.After a few moments of Becky’s and Trixy’s loud laughter, with Joey looking absolutely distraught, the girls suddenly hugged him comfortingly.“That’s so touching,” the twins said, making pretend sobs. “Such a beautiful moment!”“Don’t spoil it, fakers,” I said softly, smiling at the trio before me.“Riddle!”“Never mind, someone else spoiled it,” I sighed, turning to where I heard the voice come from.‘Professor Moody’ limped over to me, roughly grabbed hold of my arm and dragged me off to where no one would hear us. I constantly looked around to be sure no one watched our departure, should they follow us and overhear him talking about something no one should hear about.When he slammed me backwards into one of the posts below the bleachers I effectively glared at him. “What do you think you’re doing?” I hissed, failing in my attempts to remove his heavy hand from my chest.He pointed at me, “You’ve been avoiding me.”I scoffed, “What makes you think that?”He ignored that question. “We’ve only got a few months left until you need to start making the potion. Be serious! Harry Potter must win the tournament, it’s the only chance your father’s got!”“Will you quiet down?!” I hissed. “Whatever happened to lying low? If you can’t calm down, you’ll endanger the outcome. What the hell is wrong with you?”“If you can’t get your head out of the clouds, you’ll endanger us both!”“If you’re talking about those little pranks,” I said, my voice turning dangerous, “then you have taken to your part as Alastor Moody way too seriously… you need to stop isolating me as a student of interest or people will get suspicious.”“Not quite, princess. Snape is willing to believe that I am isolating you because I think you’ll be like your father. Anyways, I’m giving you detention right now.”“What is your problem?”He then pointed up, “You are much too comfortable around a bunch of blood traitors, princess. What am I supposed to tell the Dark Lord? How could I possibly lie to him?”“Then don’t,” I snapped, surprising a wince out of him. This is no time for him to freak out! Why must I deal with this? “You think I hang around them because I like them? You’re sadly mistaken. Dad knows I’m around them for the sake of getting information about Potter — whom they’re close to.”The disturbingly slow way he licked his lips made me think of a large, wild cat eyeing a delicious dinner it’s getting ready to attack. “Miss Figsund’s thinking doesn’t seem to be along those same lines….”I set my mouth into a thin line, “Many could tell you her acting skills easily outshine my own.”“High praise from someone that could’ve easily gotten herself killed before now.”“Really? And how’s that?”“Your father shared his uncertainties with me about your close relationship to Potter’s little Mudblood girlfriend. Felt that you were much too… attached to her.”So he did feel something from me when he was inside my mind three years ago… I thought, surprisingly more from interest than fear. But then, that was because I had an easy answer for him. “Of course I am.”His eyes widened at my quick confession, immediately uncertain on how to respond.I grinned widely, pushing my fury to the surface at the same time. As I stared him down, I realized it was time to show full control. I finally whacked his arm away from me. “So quick to judge when you’re being such a hypocrite…. Tell me something. Who’s the one that’s so attached to keeping Perfect Potter in such mint condition that he turned my friend into a ferret?”He frowned as he stared back at me. “That’s different.”I felt my eyes burn as I gave him a death glare. “Different how? I couldn’t get information from either him or Weasley, because they’ve never trusted me. The only one I could get close to was the Mudblood. So yes, Barty, I am attached to her for the intel I am able to get so long as I play nice.”“Then explain..” he growled, leaning closely toward my face, “why I’m having a hard time believing you?”I snorted, “Same reason I know despite my father’s uncertainty on the matter that he trusts me completely. You don’t know me as well, so I suggest you relax on the conspiracy theories.”When we heard footsteps stomping quickly toward us, ‘Professor Moody’ gave me a curt nod before exclaiming, “You’ve earned yourself another detention, Miss Riddle!”“Why are you giving me detention now?” I retorted.“Alastor!”It’s Severus! I thought elatedly.One he reached him, he stood face to face with him, “The headmaster would like to speak to you in private. And Melody,” he turned to me, “you are not getting detention ever again.”
  Good, so he didn’t hear what we were talking about… this has been way too many close calls for my liking with Severus this year. Barty is just 
  
    not
  
   careful enough for my liking. And.. never again? He’s joking, right? He doesn’t know if I might ever do something that 
  
    does
  
   call for a detention.
“You don’t get a say —” ‘Professor Moody’ began.“I have every say. I’m her Head of House!”They glared at each other.‘Professor Moody’ mumbled something before hobbling away in defeat. I let out a breath I didn’t realize I was holding in, and Severus heard it. I think he might be getting more protective of me than he should for a teacher.“Thanks,” I muttered.“What was the reason this time?”“Loitering suspiciously around Gryffindors.” Wow, the lie just rolled right off my tongue! “Erm .… How did you know he dragged me back here?”“It still amazes me how much you’re like your mother,” he noted, walking back up the bleachers. I jumped into step next to him, and he answered my unasked question. “Miss Figsund and her Weasley posse,” he looked at me as he said this, “crawled to me for help after Moody snatched you away.”I smiled, “I’m not quite like mom — they’re the ones who have accidentally broken the secret to you that I’m friends with them.”“I would have figured it out eventually.”“Oh, really? How?”“The Weasley twin that’s still single seems to be quite taken with you.”I snorted. “He knows my answer is no. Did you read his mind or something?”“No, this time it was a hunch,” he said with a small chuckle. He looked at me then, “Why refuse?”“Why? Why not? It makes no difference, my answer will still be no.”He smirked and glanced at me.“Oh? What does that look signify?… Never mind, somehow I know I won’t like your answer.”He chuckled, “You sound nervous.”“I sound anything but nervous!”“Scared?”“No!”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The hour had passed — Fleur came back without her hostage and was all covered in scratches, I heard it said that she was attacked by grindylows. A while later, a minute outside the time limit, Cedric came with Cho Chang; and some time after that, Viktor came back with Hermione. Two boys in love, I thought with a smile.It was way outside the hour time limit when Harry resurfaced with Ron and… and a small, silver-haired girl. Probably Fleur’s little sister.“What a hero,” Draco sneered.I jumped, only just noticing that he stood right next to me. “Where the heck did you come from?”I’d ended up staying where I was before Barty whisked me away, so the fact that Draco suddenly appeared there — and without Vincent or Greg — had me in shock.Ludo Bagman’s voice cut in through the crowd before Draco could respond. “Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached our decision. Merchieftainess Murcus has told us exactly what happened at the bottom of the lake, and we have therefore decided to award marks out of fifty for each of the champions, as follows….“Fleur Delacour, though she demonstrated excellent use of the Bubble-Head Charm, was attacked by grindylows as she approached her goal, and failed to retrieve her hostage. We award her twenty-five points.”There was some polite applause. That’s not a bad score for a complete failure to save a hostage.“Cedric Diggory, who also used the Bubble-Head Charm, was first to return with his hostage, though he returned one minute outside the time limit of an hour.” There were enormous cheers from the Hufflepuffs, I felt like I was deaf for a few moments but it passed. “We therefore award him forty-seven points.“Viktor Krum used an incomplete form of Transfiguration, which was nevertheless effective, and was second to return with his hostage. We award him forty points.“Harry Potter used gillyweed to great effect. He returned last and well outside the time limit of an hour. However, the Merchieftainess informs us that Mr. Potter was first to reach the hostages, and that the delay in his return was due to his determination to return all hostages to safety, not merely his own.“Most of the judges feel that this shows moral fiber and merits full marks. However… Mr. Potter’s score is forty-seven points.”I clapped and cheered with the crowd. Draco scowled as he crossed his arms in a pout.I looked over at ‘Moody,’ noticing his obvious relief that Harry had tied in first place with Cedric. With the way those two were able to work through the tournament, I wasn’t going to be surprised if they tied at the very end of the tournament.“They’re always so lenient with Potter,” Draco snarled.I patted his arm affectionately, “Jealousy doesn’t suit you, Draco.”
  
    Chapter Text
    After a while I ended up avoiding our ‘Professor Moody’ for the betterment of my record and my time. There was no escaping his glares when in his class, but it was easy enough to duck out as soon as class ended. Heck, he thought I was avoiding him before, but I’m doing it now. So much for making him see reason during the second task….“What's been going on with you and Made-Eye?” Fred asked once when the five of us were studying the library.“Oh, I thought you knew,” I said teasingly.His nose wrinkled in thought.I laughed, lightly punching his arm. I regained my composure, but instead of a smile I frowned. “You really should know, though. It’s not a big secret.”“Just tell me,” he said in exasperation.“I’m trying to keep him from putting me in detention again! He almost did that back at the second task when Professor Snape barged in!”“Shh!” Madam Pince hissed sharply.“Sorry,” I whispered.Becky and the twins giggled softly.“Don’t get worked up, Melody, or we might just get her to kick you out,” George said. Becky buried her face in his shoulder, shaking with uncontrollable laughter.“Shut up,” I mumbled, burying my face into my hands. “In any case, I don’t want to get into trouble again. If you two understood, I’d probably see you hiding from Professor McGonagall or Professor Snape. But you don’t, you stand in plain sight.”“Au contraire, we hide when what we do might get us expelled,” Fred said.I looked at him, giving a face. “You two actually like detentions?”“Gives us something to do in our free time besides Quidditch — which we don’t have this year, so the more detentions the better,” George reasoned.To Becky I said, “Do you hear these two? Pillage with them for much longer and you’ll also end up getting hundreds of detentions.”She giggled, “I know.”“If she starts getting detentions, it’s on your heads,” I told the twins.They gaped at each other. Then Fred told Becky, “Could you possibly stay out of our little schemes? I like being on Melody’s good side.”She pouted, and turned to George. “You want me to come with you on your schemes, don’t you?”“‘Course I do! It’s just… Melody can be scary….”I was having a hard time not laughing at the twins, pretending to be scared. When have they ever been afraid of me? Oh, that’s right, never!“Oh, calm down, you know I won’t do anything drastic to you,” I said.“One never knows with all the spells you can use. You’re stronger now than you were the day we met you.”I snorted, “Ain’t that a fact?”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛March came around, and it was bitterly cold with the sharp winds blasting at us every time we went outside. The poor owls had hard times making their way through with the weather blowing them off course. I should know. Ebony took her frustration out on me once she reached me with the regular letters from my family, her feathers sticking out at about a hundred different angles.“Ouch! Why can’t you be one of those owls that nibble affectionately instead of bite aggressively?” I asked as I took the letter out of her claws, which flexed into a sort of fist as I took it, scratching me. Thankfully not deeply. “Ugghh, go up to the owlery and rest until the wind dies down, you little menace.”She glared at me, continuing to sit there and stare at me.“What does she want?” Lissy asked.I sighed, “She wants me to take her to the owlery…” To Ebony, I said, “No, I’m not taking you there. If you hadn’t bitten or scratched me, I would have been generous enough to take you.”Ebony fluffed up her feathers and hooted sharply.“Yes, I know. It’s very unfair, but that’s how it is.”Draco stifled a laugh.So. Ebony took off, making sure to slap me in the face with her wings before exiting the vicinity.“I swear, that owl has it in for me,” I said, pulling feathers out of my hair.“Smart owl,” ‘Professor Moody’ said, passing by me.I glared after him, but once he disappeared from view I gave a groan of frustration. “And there’s no doubt about it that that particular auror has it in for me.”“Why is he so set against you, anyways?” Trixy asked.“Beats me,” I said, taking a sip of pumpkin juice.“Hey, Mel, take a look!” Draco said, pushing a magazine at me.“Okay, then,” I took it in my hands to read, expecting it to be Rita Skeeter. Correct. But nothing could ready me for this load of desperateness: Harry Potter’s Secret HeartacheA boy like no other, perhaps — yet a boy sufferingall the usual pangs of adolescence, writes RitaSkeeter. Deprived of love since the tragic demiseof his parents, fourteen-year-old Harry Potterthought he had found solace in his steady girlfriendat Hogwarts, Muggle-born Hermione Granger.Little did he know that he would shortly be suffer-ing yet another emotional blow in a life already lit-tered with personal loss.Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seemsto have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alonecannot satisfy. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Vik-tor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the lastWorld Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toy-ing with both boys’ affections. Krum, who isopenly smitten with the devious Miss Granger, hasalready invited her to visit him in Bulgaria over thesummer holidays, and insists that he has “never feltthis way about any other girl.”However, it might not be Miss Granger’s doubt-ful natural charms that have captured these unfor-tunate boys’ interests.“She’s really ugly,” says Pansy Parkinson, a prettyand vivacious fourth-year student, “but she’d bewell up to making a Love Potion, she’s quite brainy.I think that’s how she’s doing it.”Love Potions are, of course, banned at Hog-warts, and no doubt Albus Dumbledore will wantto investigate these claims. In the meantime, HarryPotter’s well-wishers must hope that, next time, hebestows his heart on a worthier candidate. I couldn’t help it, I had to laugh. Really? Hermione? Brew a Love Potion? Use it on Viktor and Harry? That has to be a joke, that. What did she do to get on Skeeter’s ugly side? “Oh, God, that’s a sad news article! Anyone who believes that must have no life!”“Shh,” Draco hissed sharply.“Draco, she’s been banished from the grounds since Professor Hagrid’s story. She can’t hear me.”“How else could she have gotten this story?” he asked.“Pure desperation. She can’t get on the grounds, so she’s groping in midair for some fantasy story that will be all anyone can talk about…. Even if she could hear me, and decided to write some fake article that puts me in a bad light — well, it’s her funeral.”He smiled knowingly, taking the article back. “You can be scary, you know that?”I shrugged, “It’s part of my forté… and you’ve got a beetle on your shoulder, just so you know.”Looking at it as though it was nothing new, he scooted it into his hand and bent over to let it down on the floor. I curiously watched him do it, and wondered why he acted so calm about it… that he didn’t even freak out like he normally would.“Never knew you had it in you not to scream at the first sight of a bug,” Becky said in amusement, coming up behind us and looking down at the beetle.Draco saw the look on her face and said, “Don’t you dare step on her.”Becky burst into laughter, “‘Her?!’ Does ‘she’ have a name, too?”I looked closely down at the beetle, the markings around the antennae looked quite familiar…“Rita…” Draco said softly.That’s right… the markings were exactly like Rita’s glasses. She was an unregistered Animagus. “Rita Skeeter,” I said with a chuckle, bending over and picking her up to keep her from leaving. “No wonder you got freaked out earlier, I really was talking right within her earshot.”Lissy and Trixy leaned in to look at her in awe.“Keep this a secret or she will ruin you guys,” Draco said seriously.Becky burst into more laughter.“What?!” he asked.“We’d ruin her before she’d be able to ruin us!”I chuckled, “Besides, why would we spill the beans right away? I doubt she’d be dumb enough to release any stories about us when we know her secret. And even if we did say anything, she’d be put in Azkaban before she could write any more stories.”“Is this blackmail, Melody? My, you’re getting dark,” Becky said smugly.Thanks for reminding me, I thought wryly. With a small shrug, however, I handed Rita over to Draco. “It really shouldn’t be that shocking, Becky…. Oh, and you should probably put Rita somewhere she can transform safely without being seen.”Becky cut in with an overdramatic pout before Draco could respond, “Why?”“You and I may despise her, but I’d rather someone not feel bad because they accidentally stepped on a beetle while walking to class and it turned out they murdered someone.”“Not after they realize they murdered Rita Skeeter.”Somewhere between a resigned sigh and a chuckle, I said, “It’s useless getting into an argument with you. Draco, you’d best get Skeeter out of here before classes start.”Draco sped out of there like a cheetah, Vincent and Greg at his heels.Becky shook her head, “He befriends the worst sort of people, and you sit there encouraging him!”“What can I say? I’m harmless!”“You’re no where near harmless,” all three of the girls said.The fact that they said it — and at the same time — was funny enough. But their own tones made it absolutely hilarious. Like the idea that I might be harmless was just laughable.. which it was.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Becky, the boys, and I reached the Potions classroom that afternoon to lots of giggles. Pansy, Millicent, and some other Slytherin girls had that same magazine article in hand, reading it as I would read a very good history book.We joined them and Becky read it for the first time, finishing with a snort of laughter. She and I shared knowing looks, and left the huddled group to lean against the wall next to the classroom door.Harry, Ron, and Hermione showed up. Pansy peeked a look at them from behind Greg and giggled, “There they are, there they are!” Throwing the magazine article at Hermione, she loudly stated, “You might find something to interest you in there, Granger!”Severus opened the door to the dungeons, then, and beckoned us inside.Becky and I sat at a table well-removed from the other students — one of the two tables at the front of the class, in fact — talking in small whispers while Severus wrote the instructions and ingredients for the Wit-Sharpening Potion on the blackboard.“What did Hermione do to make Skeeter do that?” Becky asked.“I’ve no clue. I don’t even know where she got the idea that Hermione is Harry’s girlfriend. That was reaching for something that was never there.” Then again, even Barty called her that.“I suppose things that go on at school make great articles. Young love…”“But even if this ‘young love’ part was true, no one wants their business going into the magazine. Especially not if it pertains to their own feelings.”“Oh, I don’t know, I wouldn’t mind an article about George and I going into a magazine.”“Rita Skeeter would make your relationship gross the way Joey did by saying that you’re dating both Fred and George.”A frown settled into Becky’s mouth as she contemplated that.“Now, I don’t imagine your brother would put anything so crude about you in a magazine. But that particular woman is sick that way,” I said as I took out my ingredients.“I’d murder her…” she replied softly, setting up her cauldron.“I think you’d have to wait for Harry or Hermione. I’d say those two, Professor Hagrid, and Viktor Krum have dibs on —”“Am I going to have to separate you two?” Severus asked, placing his palms on the table to bend over and look at the two of us. I was glad he said it quietly so no one else’s eyes were on us.“No,” I said with small laughs. “We’ll be quiet — in any case, we weren’t actually planning a murder. No worries.”“As if that actually reassures me,” he said sarcastically, leaving us to sweep to the back of the classroom.Becky and I glanced at each other and fell into silent fits of laughter. It was still nice to know that he could have a sense of humor when he wanted to.Then we heard him loudly say, “Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is, Miss Granger, I must ask you not to discuss it in my class. Ten points from Gryffindor.”Becky and I turned to see that Severus stood directly behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione. The whole class had also turned to watch.“Ah… reading magazines under the table as well?” he added, snatching up the magazine from the empty seat next to Hermione. “A further ten points from Gryffindor… oh but of course… Potter has to keep up with his press cuttings….”Most Slytherins laughed at this. Becky and I grimaced. He was making a spectacle of Harry… again.Severus smiled mischievously. “‘Harry Potter’s Secret Heartache’... dear, dear, Potter, what’s ailing you now? ‘A boy like no other, perhaps...’”Man, could he read something in the worst light possible, or what? I continued working on the potion while listening to him read the article aloud. He paused at the end of each sentence to allow for laughter to fill in. Before he finished, I glanced over my shoulder at them. Harry and Hermione’s faces had grown very red.Severus finished up with ‘“... Harry Potter’s well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart upon a worthier candidate.’ How very touching.” Laughter ensued from the other Slytherins, and I heard the magazine promptly being rolled up. “Well, I think I had better separate the three of you, so you can keep your minds on your potions rather than on your tangled love lives. Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, beside Miss Parkinson. Potter — that table in front of my desk. Move. Now.”Harry angrily made his way to the table nearest to us, and started his potion right away. Severus sat behind his own desk staring at him while Harry tried to ignore him.His desk was closest to Harry’s so when he began saying something to him in a quiet voice, I couldn’t hear anything.“Looks dangerous,” Becky whispered to me, also staring at the two of them.“Right,” I said, giving up on trying to hear what was going on when Harry burst out with something for the first time.“I haven’t been anywhere near your office!” No one else looked up at the outburst, so I think only Becky and I heard it, apart from Severus.Then their conversation ensued heatedly with quiet, angry voices.“The plot thickens,” Becky said jokingly.“... Perhaps he thinks he stole something from his office…” I said uncertainly.When Severus pulled a small crystal bottle from the inside of his robes, I stared at it. Clear liquid – obviously a potion he was threatening Harry with. It’s Veritaserum… I’m pretty sure it’s against Ministry policy to give it to a student no matter the reason.Harry went back to cutting up ingredients, as if he hadn’t just been threatened with uncontrollably spilling all of his deepest, darkest secrets.“Was that Veritaserum?” Becky asked me.“I believe so,” I replied softly.Severus noticed our staring looks, and we quickly looked away. I added ginger roots and stirred the potion, thinking deeply to myself. Severus was a well-respected teacher, and yet no other teacher seemed to know just how terrible he was to Gryffindors. Especially to Harry. Or just how much he favored Slytherins, especially me. He could get away with murder with Dumbledore’s trust on his side!A knock sounded at the door.“Enter,” Severus said.Everyone turned to look at the door as it opened, and Professor Karkaroff hurried in. We all watched as he made his way to Severus’ desk, twisting his finger around in his goatee nervously.The moment he reached his desk, they talked in quiet whispers. Severus looked very annoyed with Professor Karkaroff.Scaredy Karkarcat, I thought.For the rest of the double period, Professor Karkaroff hung around behind Severus’s desk to make sure he would get to talk to him after class was over. I could sense Severus silently fuming in distaste.Everyone but Harry and I filed out of the classroom when the bell rang. He’d dropped some armadillo bile – whether on purpose or not – and I had left the cleaning up of all my stuff to the last minute on purpose. I knelt down on the floor to do so. Thankfully, Severus and Professor Karkaroff talked loud enough for me to hear.“What’s so urgent?” Severus asked him sharply.“This,” he said, jerking up his sleeve.
  Of course he’s still freaking out about the Dark Mark. I suppose his coming back to power is inevitable now…
“Well? Do you see? It’s never been this clear, never since –”“Put it away!” Severus snapped.“But you must have noticed –”“We can talk later, Karkaroff! Potter! What are you doing?”“Clearing up my armadillo bile, Professor,” Harry said innocently, showing him the wet rag.
  Gross.
Professor Karkaroff stormed out of the room, then Harry quickly did the same. I just finished up, so I grabbed my stuff and started to leave.“Melody…” I could hear the anger in Severus’ voice, whether it was still pointed at Harry, or Professor Karkaroff, or if it had turned toward me… I wasn’t sure yet.I turned around slowly, “Yes?”He sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose in irritation. “How much of that did you hear?”I took a deep breath and set my stuff down on a nearby table. “The Dark Mark is getting clearer?”“How much do you think Potter heard?”“Probably as much as I did, but you two didn’t specifically state the problem so I doubt he understood any of it.”He nodded slowly. When he said nothing else I quickly left the classroom without waiting for permission.Professor Karkaroff was pacing outside of the classroom, and before I could sneak away into the opposite direction he saw me. He quickly walked over to me, and I hesitated… waiting awkwardly for whatever he wanted to say.“Please…” he begged. “Help me. I can’t deal with this.”
   Pitiful.
“I’m sorry, Professor,” I said coldly. “But whatever it is that’s ailing you… my hands are honestly tied.”
   Metaphorically speaking.
I then walked away from a trembling Professor Karkaroff.My next destination was to see what Barty was up to. Despite his attempts to bother me, I couldn’t hide forever. I would have to work with him on the Flesh, Blood and Bone potion — especially for him to keep watch while I made it. I still had no clue where I should start getting it ready. And where to store it for the remaining month on top of that.When I walked into my ‘Professor Moody’s’ office, he was glancing through the numerous piles of paper messily scattered across his desk. He glared shortly up at me before returning his normal eye’s gaze to the papers. The magical eye watched me intently.“Not even a courteous hello?” I asked in amusement, crossing my arms over my chest.“Don’t care to,” he replied.“Are you mad at me?”“I don’t trust you. There’s a difference.”“Is there?”He gave no response.“Whatever happened to that moment you said you trusted me at the Yule Ball?”“I began to wonder where your loyalties lie,” he looked up at me. “You enjoy the wrong company far too much. Now what do you want?”Can’t be helped then, I thought with a sigh, picking a metal ball off of his desk to roll around in my hand. Dad still trusts me though. Barty has no proof… “Karkaroff interrupted potions, waiting for Snape to make sure he couldn’t get away from him so they could talk..”Barty snatched the ball out of my hand and slammed it down on the table, still only keeping his magical eye on me. “Get to the part where I care.”I raised my eyebrows, “Someone doesn’t care for suspense…. Okay… the chicken is panicking about the Dark Mark. Was talking to Snape about how it was becoming clearer and darker every day.”He grinned madly as he made marks on the paper in front of him. “That’s fantastic… that means he’ll be in perfect condition by the time the potion is ready for him.”“Yeah..” I said, pacing slowly around as I looked at everything in the room. So many objects meant for detecting Dark Magic, and protecting its owner against it. “Did you turn these things off or something?”“Of course I did.”My shoulders slumped as I began wandering around his office, exploring what I hadn’t dared to when he first began dragging me in there. He doesn’t care for me to be here, so why not snoop in front of his face?“What are you looking for, princess?” he growled. “I don’t have time for this.”“I didn’t have time for you to freak out at me during the second task,” I noted, glancing over my shoulder at him. “Yet here we are.”He probably would’ve rolled his eyes if he could but, with only one good eye and a skittish magical eye, I deemed it was perhaps far too difficult to muster. As far as it went, all he could do was glare reproachfully at me before returning his attention to his mountains of paperwork.Making my way over to the door I assumed to be his storage, I opened it wide. Along with many knick knacks that had to belong to the real Alastor Moody — all of which hadn’t made it as decor within his office — were cluttered along the floor of the small unit. On the shelves were many sets of flasks that had to be his premade Polyjuice Potion.With only a few months remaining until the third task where Harry would be sent to dad to finish the Flesh, Blood and Bone Potion…… I counted how many he had left. Of the many risks involved in this, he was actually going to be the biggest issue. Go figure.“Do you know how many flasks of Polyjuice Potion you have left?”“I have enough.”“Your storage is running low,” I remarked.He irritably looked up at me as if I’d interrupted something. “If you have nothing constructive to say, then leave.”“That was constructive,” I gently closed the storage room and returned to stand in front of his desk. “Are you making more?”He growled, “I would. However, Snape has stopped stocking his storeroom with the ingredients, and it would be suspicious for either Moody or Crouch Jr. to go buying what I need for it.”“Barty,” I whispered. “By my calculations, you only have enough Polyjuice to last you until shortly after the final task. How are you supposed to get out immediately after it’s all over?”That only made him stare solemnly back at me, both eyes focused on mine. “I had to sacrifice many years of my life in captivity. I can bear to suffer a few more until my Lord breaks me out.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The next day at noon was a visit to Hogsmeade. I walked, strangely enough, with Pansy and her gaggle of Slytherin girl friends. It was weird. Every student that wasn’t a Slytherin got attacked – verbally, of course, but attacked nonetheless.After walking around with them for a while, I began wondering how Becky and I survived without getting bullied. Draco had been our friend from the beginning, of course, but he could have easily ended it and turned to attacking us instead. This included back when we stopped talking because I called him stupid for attacking a hippogriff.The moment I saw Becky joking around with Fred and George, I ditched the group of girls to hang out with them. They won’t notice that I’m gone.“Ah, Melody!” Fred said jubilantly.“Joining our club, eh?” George asked.“Yes, I’m joining you for today… so, what are we doing?” I asked, hopping into step between Fred and Becky. George’s arm was wrapped around Becky’s shoulder.“We’ve been playing Truth or Dare!” Becky said with a large grin.I snorted, “I bet the three of you are only doing dare.”“Guilty as charged,” they all answered.I raised an eyebrow. “Becky, if you changed your hair color to red you’d all be the Weasley triplets.”The three of them looked at each other excitedly.“Don’t actually do that, Becky,” I said seriously. “I was only joking.”She giggled, “I know that… I have a dare for you.”Back to that? I thought I’d avoided that subject perfectly… “What would that be?” I asked curiously.She pointed in one direction. I looked to see that she was pointing at Draco, who seemed to be looking for someone.“Kiss him,” she said. “On the lips.”I froze. “You did not just –”“I did,” she said smugly.Even Fred seemed to choke on an invisible something as George attempted to pat his back from his position next to Becky.“You can’t just dare someone to do that sort of thing!” I said hysterically.“I just did, and besides, someone has to give you two a push.”I stared at her, not knowing what I could possibly say or think about it. “… What?” I mean, I’ve been having thoughts about Draco in that way but… he couldn’t possibly be thinking of me that way. All I want is to be his friend, anyway, I can’t afford to go through with this. He just wants to be friends, too…… Right?“Oh, and look – he’s coming this way now!”Draco had indeed spotted us, and began making his way toward us. No… oh no…“Wait! What if I wanted to pick truth?” I asked.Becky used both of her hands to turn me around… and push me in his direction.I could only stare in disbelief as Draco hesitantly made his way up to me.“Melody,” he said, a bit nervously. “Can I talk to you… in private?”I’m not actually going to go through with this, am I? Am I? I can’t put him through that pain…. Or would I? Well…. “Sure,” I said, sounding a lot smoother than I felt. I never went through this sort of worry with Marcus, it’s almost as if I’ve never kissed a guy before! I mean… he did give the first kiss, but…. I’m making myself nervous. Stop this!Draco awkwardly took hold of my hand. He led me through the crowd to a secluded spot at the edge of the village. He let go of me, wringing his hands as he seemed to be at a loss for words.It dawned on me just how nervous he was. “Did Becky dare you to do something?”He bit his lip, his cheeks pinkening as he looked back at me. Even though he was extremely tense, he never broke eye contact.My heart fluttered. He actually looks pretty adorable like that… someone slap me.“She did…” he admitted, “and I want to get it off my chest, so here goes…… She’ll be quite a beauty when she’s grown,I sure wish she could be my own.If I can keep myself at bay,I will win her over in my own way. “ I felt my own cheeks burn as I stared at him. I wanted to say something, but my mouth wouldn’t open. I doubted that even if it could open that I’d be able to move it properly.Draco took a deep breath. “I wrote that poem in our second year… I was embarrassed to even share it, but Becky found it and dared me to send it to the girl I wrote it for on Valentine’s Day. She didn’t know who it was for until the dwarf read it to you.”I was finally able to move my mouth, but as I feared… I couldn’t seem to let out any words. How could I possibly reject such an admission? But I have to, don’t I…?He rubbed the back of his neck, “I keep meaning to tell you how I feel, but at the same time I don’t want to lose your friendship if you don’t feel the same way… I’m really sorry for not doing this on my own. I kept putting it off, and then when you got together with Marcus I was worried I had lost any chance with you.”I almost felt like I was beginning to float on a cloud. My heart was trying to pull me down, but his words were making me feel weightless.Draco closed his eyes tightly, his fists clenching up as well as he bent his head forward. “In the end, I just want you to know I’m here. I know you were really worried about having feelings for anyone, and sometimes I’ve been thinking that it should’ve intimidated me… but….” he opened his eyes to stare into mine.My heart beat heavily against my chest.“But I was the one you talked to about it. I have enough hope to believe that it means something good.”My stomach felt like thousands of butterflies fluttering around at mach speed. All those little hints Becky gave me, and I’d never quite realized what it was that she had been trying to tell me. I’m obviously not experienced in knowing when someone likes me.. or realizing I like them.. but at that moment I knew I really wanted to try it out with Draco. The idea lured my heart in ruthlessly.
  Stop this, Melody, I told you before you can’t 
  
    fall
  
   for anybody. Look at who your father is! Have some sense for once! Think of how he’ll look at you when he finds out…… 
  
    But I do like him. 
  
  The way I’ve felt since the dance we shared at the Yule Ball, the subtle feeling of jealousy every time I thought he was with Pansy. I 
  
    want
  
   to see this through.
I still couldn’t find the words to speak, but I knew of something else I could do. I closed the short distance between us, Draco looking back at me warily… uncertain what my reaction actually was. My heart pounded uncontrollably, and I almost lost the nerve to do it… but I finally cupped his cheeks with both my hands, and softly placed my lips against his.He hesitated as though in shock before he began kissing back, but once he started it was as if fireworks exploded. My senses went into overdrive, as if bouncy energy was being passed back and forth between us as we stayed connected. One of his hands went to my back to pull me closer while the other worked its way through my hair. The comforting warmth of his body had me wrapping my arms comfortably around his neck.For that moment, we were oblivious to the world.
  
    Chapter Text
    “I can’t believe how long it took for me to get you two together!” Becky said in our dormitory that night.Draco went out with Vincent and Greg, doing whatever torture they wanted to inflict on other students. I somehow doubted that that was what they were doing.I lay down on my bed, aware that she was pretty much saying I had been dumb not to notice anything. “Really?... and how long was that, might I ask?”“Like, two years!”“Oh, okay. I thought you were about to say something outrageous like ‘since you two were born.’”“No, that was fate’s job. Fate wasn’t getting it done, so I stepped in.”I covered my face with my hands, chuckling, my face growing red. “Oh wow, Becky…” I mumbled.“I still don’t get how you never understood my hints, I mean he was right in front of you looking like a puppy dog all the time for crying out loud!” Becky said, waving her arms about as she paced. “And I still gave you hint after hint after hint!”“I know, I know, I’m an idiot. Now shut up about it.”Becky giggled.Lissy and Trixy poked their heads into our dorm, and seeing us there just walked in. “Is everything all right Mrs. George Weasley,” they asked, curtsying to Becky, then to me, “Mrs. Draco Malfoy?”While Becky might have smiled at them brightly, I stared. “Really, you’re marrying us off already?”“Well…” Lissy began, “Of course! Why not?”“Yeah. Why not?” Trixy chipped in.“No, no, no,” I sat up. “I can understand with Becky and George, but give Draco and I a chance to work through it first.”Trixy put a finger to her chin as though in thought before signing, “No.”I took one of my pillows and held it on top of my face, letting out a groan.“What, you don’t like Draco?” I heard Lissy ask innocently.“Would I have kissed him if I didn’t?” I asked curiously.“I dared you. Of course you would,” Becky said.“Puh-lease!” I said, throwing the pillow off of my face to sit up and look at her. “Say, if you dared me right now to go kiss Marcus. Do you think I’d take the dare?”She gave an understanding look, “Good point…. Oh, I sure do hope Marcus doesn’t kill Draco when he hears the news.”“He’s got me to go through if he tries,” I deadpanned.“See!” Trixy and Lissy said together.“See what?”Lissy continued, “You’d protect him if any harm was to go his way.”“I always protect him in case you hadn’t noticed.”“If you break up, though, it’s not likely. Especially not after how it ended with Marcus,” Becky said.“That is if Draco were to cheat on me like Marcus did.”“Right. Probably not possible unless Pansy tries to steal him from you!”The girls burst into fits of laughter.“I honestly don’t know how I live with this…” I said softly, causing them to laugh even more.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛It was Monday morning on the way to Care of Magical Creatures that we walked down the stone steps to see just Harry and Ron on their way to class.“Potter,” Pansy called out, “have you split up with your girlfriend? Why was she so upset at breakfast?”Upset? Hermione was upset?... ohh, I hadn’t noticed, I only saw Draco bouncing about with bubbly energy… I hope she’s alright… hm…. Draco had been going back and forth between eating food and kissing me, as though making sure he could fulfill the fact that the wonderful ‘dream’ continued. It was really quite adorable if I do say so myself.Pansy remained ignored. I still didn’t understand how most everyone believed Rita Skeeter about this ‘love triangle’ business. Fake school drama had everyone at the edge of their seats, I supposed.After the wonderful lessons with the unicorns, nearly everyone had a long face when they noticed the open crates sitting outside his cabin. At a closer look, however, there weren’t any skrewts in there at all, but nifflers! They were fuzzy, fluffy black creatures with long snouts and flat front paws. They were like puppies, they were so cute.“These’re nifflers,” Professor Hagrid said once everyone was close enough to see them and hear him. “Yeh find ‘em down mines mostly. They like sparkly stuff…. There yeh go, look.”A niffler had suddenly leapt up, attempting to bite Pansy’s watch off from her wrist. She shrieked and jumped backwards, looking at it as she had the skrewts.Professor Hagrid went on happily, “Useful little treasure detectors. Thought we’d have some fun with ‘em today. See over there?” He pointed at a large patch of freshly dug up earth. “I’ve buried some gold coins. Jus’ take off all yer valuables, an’ choose a niffler, an’ get ready ter set ‘em loose.”I took off my necklace, and dropped it into my pocket. Didn’t want the niffler to take that. I chose a niffler that sniffed around my face as though it might find that I had gold teeth. I think Bodoujn would be jealous if he saw me with this little guy, though he definitely wouldn’t be safe as a pet.“Hang on,” Professor Hagrid said, noticing the extra niffler still in the crate, “there’s a spare niffler here… who’s missin’? Where’s Hermione?”“She had to go to the hospital wing,” Ron replied.Harry whispered something to Professor Hagrid. Always secretive, those three. And the period began.It was a fun class. The nifflers gave us great entertainment as they efficiently dived in and out of the many patches of earth, returning all the coins they found to the students who had sent them off to search. They were like dogs… playing fetch.“This is really fun,” I said with a chuckle as my niffler brought a few more coins back to me.“They could be very useful for treasure hunting,” Draco replied, the idea obviously giving him fantasies.“What do they do when they’re not finding treasure…?” Becky wondered aloud, holding one of the coins up to her face. “Ah… leprechaun gold… worthless….”“Oh..” I looked at my coins. “Of course. Then there’s no point in anyone stealing them… where’re Vincent and Greg?”Draco pointed, they were right next to their nifflers as though cheering them on to get more than anyone else.“Of course,” I shook my head, patting the niffler’s head as it gave me another coin.“And Draco,” Becky added, “you can find the lost, buried treasure in your dreams.”“And in life,” he shot back.“People don’t bury treasure in real life!”“Actually, people do,” I said casually, before they could begin a confrontation that would scare their nifflers away. “In History of Magic, Professor Binns told us about the armies that buried their treasure to hide it from their enemies in case they were all captured or if enemy armies invaded their forts. They didn’t want to have so much money fall into the wrong hands.”Draco leaned over to kiss me gratefully while Becky scoffed. “Can’t you side with me just once? This boy needs discipline!”“He’s not a boy…. In any case, it’s basic history. I’m surprised you hadn’t been listening —”“I listened,” Becky cut in.“Or perhaps the lesson went in one ear and out the other,” Draco suggested cheekily.She punched his arm in vexation.He gathered up his coins and moved to my other side, far away from Becky, sitting closer to me and sticking his tongue out at her.“I’m already separating you two by being the barrier. Don’t cross or try to destroy the barrier,” I said diplomatically as Becky started to go after him. She sat back with a huff and crossed her arms.“What do you bet she’s going to have another bout of silent treatment for me?” Draco whispered to me.“Actually, I’m sure the silent treatment is for me, too. We’ll see how it pans out.”He laughed quietly, wrapping an arm around my waist as his niffler brought him some more coins, momentarily confused by his spot change.“Can you buy these as pets, Hagrid?” I heard Ron ask excitedly.“Yer mum wouldn’ be happy, Ron. They wreck houses, nifflers. I reckon they’ve nearly got the lot, now.” He paced around as the nifflers continued to dive in and take out more coins. “I on’y buried a hundred coins. Oh there y’are, Hermione!”Hermione walked toward us across the lawn, her hands covered heavily with bandages. She looked very miserable.“Well, let’s check how yeh’ve done!” Professor Hagrid said. “Count yer coins! An’ there’s no point tryin’ ter steal any, Goyle. It’s leprechaun gold. Vanishes after a few hours.”Greg emptied his pockets sullenly.Ron’s niffler had gotten the most coins, so his prize was an enormous slab of Honeydukes chocolate from Professor Hagrid.The bell rang, signifying lunchtime and we left. Even though the Slytherins didn’t want to admit it in front of the Gryffindors, they’d had fun with the nifflers. Professor Hagrid was becoming a stronger teacher.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The summer term began along with the piles of study work for the upcoming exams. Severus had me spend more time with him to study for O.W.L.s, and any of the other free time I had was me cramming for exams in little study groups with my friends and Pansy with her group of Slytherin girls. I’d never heard so many giggles when studying before.Becky would go to the library to study most of the time and got suspicious when I kept telling her no. It was nearing the end of May and I wanted to put off having to make the Flesh, Blood, and Bone potion a little bit… I just knew Barty would whisk me away the moment he found me, and I was not ready for it.It wasn’t so much the fact that I was about to be the main force behind dad’s resurrection… no, it was the death glares Barty kept giving me whenever he saw me. In the end, I hadn’t been alone with him as often, and he never offered another Dark Magic session. I was not looking forward to being stuck alone with him again.He had kicked me out after I had last wandered through his office. I worried about how low his stock was getting because, despite his sudden frostiness toward me, I knew dad would be disappointed to lose him. Yet, I thought perhaps it’d be for the best if he got caught and sent back to Azkaban again… out of my business.I also worried, however, about how much backlash I’d get once the truth gets out there. What would my friends think… how would Severus and mom feel… what would Professor Dumbledore do?
  The guilt I withstand… I’m surprised I haven’t broken down yet. I mean.. what will I do when everyone knows what I’ve done, who I really am, who I’m related to? What then? Hide out with dad? Mhm…. No, that wouldn’t do at all. If dad is really coming to power, people will find out about me soon enough and I have to be braced for chaos.
“Melody, come on! Listen to me,” Becky said seriously one day that she caught me studying in the common room. “Come to the library with me. I promise, Fred and George will be as quiet as butterflies.”Raising an eyebrow at her, I said, “Interesting analogy you’ve made…. Though I highly doubt they’ll be any sort of quiet, I guess I’ll come.”“Yay!” she squeaked. Once I got my stuff together, she began dragging me out of the common room and through the hallways.We barely made it through three sets of halls.“Riddle!”I knew we wouldn’t be able to get far, he’s probably been watching for me, I thought in exasperation as we halted to a stop.“That’s never good,” I said softly with a gulp.I was going to have to make it. Make that very potion. My magic… no, I can’t forget that I planned to put emotions and feelings in there… but if he notices the feelings, he’ll probably kill me for it… not if I put so small an amount of feelings that he’ll count it off as a mere mistake… that never stopped him from killing people before… but I’m his daughter, he wants to keep me alive so I can help him. Okay, take a deep breath.Turning around, there stood ‘Professor Moody,’ menacing and sweating. Crap, his sweating means he’s changing into himself. He definitely expects to start working on it now.“Where do you think you’re going?” he asked.I stood straight to look at him defiantly. Becky bit her bottom lip nervously. “Becky and I were just going to the library, Professor. No need to jump down our throats for —”“In case you forgot, Miss Riddle,” he said, pointing at me. “You have a detention with me. You’ve been avoiding it.”“Oh, really? I thought Professor Snape counted that off.”“It’s not counted off in my book,” he said, grabbing my arm. Then he pointed to Becky, “If Snape hears a word of this, you’ll get a mighty terrible detention, yourself.”I nodded encouragingly to her. Goodness, I know this is serious and everything, but Crouch shouldn’t make this so serious that she thinks he’s going to do something terrible to me…. Which I’m sure he actually will if I don’t come with him right now. “I’ll be fine, Becky, go ahead to the library. Don’t tell anyone where I am… we’ll be done shortly. Hopefully.” I gave a sidelong glance at ‘Moody.’He growled, “It’s bloody unlikely.” Then he began dragging me through the hallways. I certainly wondered what classroom he chose, where no one would accidentally barge in.We reached a blank wall and he pushed me forward. I glared at him, “What is this?”“You mean you don’t know how to work this?” He suddenly became smug.Really? Now? This is no time for games! “Work what?!”“The Room of Requirement. Pace back and forth while imagining what kind of room you need, and the door will open.”“Wow, you really think I’ll be able to walk to heaven through this door?” I asked sarcastically.“No,” he said, surprisingly calm. He did give me a look to express his annoyance, though. “You’ll be able to create a room for your potion making, with all the ingredients you need.”I looked from him to the wall. Okay then… I walked back and forth, thinking of a room that would allow me to make potions I needed. It had to have a large pot that a grown man could fit in, enough water to fill up that pot; also a smaller pot and ingredients for the Magic Replenishing Potion… matter of fact, I need the instructions for it too.A door magically appeared, and I stopped pacing to stare incredulously at it. Wow. I need to remember this room for future endeavors.Crouch limped toward the door, grabbing my arm before opening it and pushed me in. When he closed the door behind us, he looked livid.He’s already turning back into himself, I thought. His transformation was never pleasant to watch, so I began looking around.The shelves on the right side of the room were adorned with cauldrons of all sizes and materials. The shelves at the back of the room held all sorts of potions ingredients, majority of which had a sticker underneath explaining its name and uses… suffice to say, I noticed the ingredients needed for Polyjuice Potion were already gone.To the left side of the room were the books…… not quite as nicely preserved. Many of them were strewn across the floor, while a good half of them were on the shelves with battered covers. Such a shame… the couch looks tattered, too.The first set of materials I grabbed was the largest cauldron available and a big jug of magical water — magical because of its ability to mold multiple magical aspects together into one — the cauldron was the easy part as I brought it to one of the tables to set it up on a stove. When handling the water, I unscrewed the lid and picked up the jug with slight difficulty. This is heavy…“Well,” he said, in his real voice. Real self, real body. “Now we can be sure that the Dark Lord returns while you give up your life for his legacy. A noble sacrifice, don’t you think?”I nearly dropped the jug as I waddled toward the table. “Sacrifice?”He glared at me, “Don’t think I haven’t figured out that you’ve been playing me. Me and your father.”One of my brows went up in self defense, but inside me something felt down to the pit of my stomach. “Whatever do you mean?”He scoffed, “As if I haven’t noticed how you act around Gryffindors. As though I’ve not seen how calm you are around them compared to how stiff and nervous in comparison you are with me.”I forced a chuckle, pouring the water into the cauldron while doing my best to loosen my muscles. “In public I do, but tell me… do I look stiff and nervous now?”Turning around to look at him, I nearly jumped to see him standing right behind me. Control yourself Melody… breathe…“No…” Barty’s eyes stared calmly into mine, though there was still some sort of rage behind them. “But your father has expectations that he wanted me to evaluate through the year, and I’ll tell you now that you’ve been failing.”I snorted with laughter; excuses, excuses. “How, exactly? Is it really because I so easily act comfortable with every single idiot in this godforsaken school?”He didn’t answer. I have to assume that I’m right for the moment.“Yeah, again, do you know what that’s called? Great acting. Otherwise I would have been caught long before now. Whatever you claim my father’s expectations to be, they obviously are too low for my capabilities.”Barty stepped away from me, smiling mischievously.“Think what you will. You don’t terrify me,” I told him, using my wand to set a fire underneath the cauldron.“That’s what people say when they’re secretly afraid,” his smug voice said.I gave an exasperated sigh. This is going to be a long day. “If you so desire to believe that, Barty.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛It seemed like forever had passed. Barty wouldn’t let me leave the Room of Requirement. Matter of fact, he wouldn’t let me move in general… I tried to scratch the bridge of my nose at one point, and he nearly pulled his wand out.“I can be trusted…. Look, you once told me to trust you. Just look at how that’s switched about.” I sat on the stool by my table with my arms crossed over my chest, looking at him with a raised eyebrow as I waited for the water to boil.No one ever told me magical water had a much higher boiling point than regular water.
  Just think about how worried Becky and Lissy must be by now… and 
  
    Draco
  
  .
“What you should be worrying about is how soon your death is, Dark Princess,” he said. He was seated on the couch, holding what happened to be the Marauder’s Map in front of him as though it were a newspaper.How he got that, I’d thought, I’ve no idea. The last time I saw it was just last year in Professor Lupin’s office…… But whatever. He’s right that I have something bigger to worry about in this situation.I’d come to the correct conclusion over an hour ago that there had been nothing wrong with the way I was acting. That wasn't Barty’s problem. No, his problem was that he was jealous of how easily I’d gotten into my dad’s good graces. I hadn’t gone to Azkaban, I hadn’t told anyone of my ‘true’ intentions of being on his side. No one knew anything about my involvement. Me hanging around Hermione and the twins was just the scapegoat he wanted to lean on.I didn’t understand the whole thing because, if he were to allow me to die, then I knew he’d be in my dad’s bad graces no matter what fake excuses he came up with. Dad put me in his care, so whether he says he killed me or I died by accident… dad will have no mercy left for him. I believed that strongly in my dad’s need for my assistance.
  Too bad Barty won’t listen to what I say on the matter.
“Right, yes, I’m dying all too soon. Getting all my magic sucked out of me for my dear old father.” I said it sarcastically, but hidden inside me was this extreme panic.
  Death isn’t the scary part, but what is scary is how I won’t get any chance to redeem myself for all that I’ve done. If I could live longer I might… I don’t know what I might do, but I certainly don’t want to be known for being completely evil… 
  
    or
  
   a complete pushover.
He looked up at me in curiosity, “I’d heard from Snape that you aren’t afraid of much… is that really true?”Not now, I’m definitely afraid of this. “Yes, it’s true,” I said stiffly, recalling he must’ve been speaking about the boggart lessons we did. Though, it was really a lie. I’d been too afraid to actually face it so I just pretended I’d fought it and easily beat it. Severus had no reason not to believe me. “What of it?”“Not of death?”“Death is an introduction to what I believe is paradise,” I replied, “No more worries, and no more pain. Of course I’m not afraid of it.”“What about pain, then?”“No. Don’t care,” I said nonchalantly. I dread it… but pain comes and goes… I thought, nervously awaiting the Cruciatus Curse he was obviously alluding to. But thankfully it didn’t come.Barty’s eyes had shot down to look at the map again, gripping his arm in pain. Message from dad?“What is it?” I asked anxiously.“My father got out of the house thanks to Wormtail’s incompetence. Lost sight of him a few hours ago, and didn’t deign to tell your father until just now — the fool! He might… yes, there he is!” his hand pointed to a spot on the map. I cautiously stood and made my way over to see he was pointing at a spot in the Forbidden Forest where there said ‘Barty Crouch Sr’ moving slowly across the ground.How lucky am I?! I thought jubilantly. Keeping his father from getting to Professor Dumbledore is more important than making sure I die!He pointed at me, “I better come back to find you dead.”“Oh, but of course,” I told him innocently. “I wouldn’t want to rid you of your brilliant murder plan because your father ruined the big moment…. You’d best hurry though. It looks like Potter and Krum are walking in his direction.”He cursed loudly at the little labels of Harry and Viktor making their way toward Crouch.I moved out of the way as he jumped up, stuffed the map into his pocket, and began dressing up as Alastor Moody.I faced the wall, thinking further on his dwindling supply of Polyjuice Potion. If there was a way someone could take his place as Alastor Moody… because if anything went wrong, dad’s most devoted follower would be on hold for a while and I didn’t trust Wormtail for his protection.I don’t like how Barty’s acting… I thought, biting my lip as I made a split-second decision. But at the same time, this would be better than just standing by while an innocent — well, semi-innocent — man gets murdered. Waiting until I could hear the clunk of wood and the tone of voice that suggested he’d just drunk the potion, I turned to face him.Smirking, he hobbled toward the door with a “Goodbye Melody Riddle.”“Wait!” I waved my hand sporadically. “I have an idea!”He glared over his shoulder at me, “No time, princess. Don’t care for negotiations.”“No, no, no, hear me out! You’re running out of Polyjuice Potion, right? What if we used your father as a decoy? He could be in your place the day of the third task, or even sooner depending on how much more potion you use! What do you say?…”He hesitated, turning his body to look at me full on. He was actually considering the idea.“If you don’t agree, then you can go kill him and find me dead when you return…… but, if you do, then I’ll wait until you come back with him so I can discuss the plan fully.”Despite the growl that escaped his throat, he nodded in agreement. “Fine. But, as soon as we’re done with that, you’re dead. Got it?”I crossed my fingers behind my back as I grinned at him. “Oh, but of course. Anything you desire.”He harrumphed as he finally made his way out the door.As soon as the door closed behind him, I got to work on the one way to keep me alive. I probably have about an hour to make this potion before he comes back, considering how much investigating will have to be done on his part as ‘Professor Moody.’ And that is all the time I need.After searching through the mess of books, I found one with a torn cover where the page had actually started off on the Magic Replenishing Potion. Perfect… I gathered the ingredients I needed, as well as the small cauldron, and immediately began working through the steps.“Wait a minute…” I muttered softly, pausing to look at a short passage written by hand. “‘If making this for a family member in critical condition, the best recipe is to follow the procedure and transfer some of your own magic for gaining better quality magic.’”My hopes rose. I could just put some magic into this, and then pour it all into the Flesh, Blood, and Bone Potion!I rushed through the procedure, automatically shifting my gaze to the door whenever I thought I heard someone coming. Barty would come back at some point to be sure I wasn’t doing anything other than waiting for him to return… To think that people like him think of life only as a light that they can just snuff out when they don’t need or want it anymore. My dad being the worst of all.When I finished most of it, about forty minutes had passed. I glanced at the Flesh, Blood, and Bone Potion to find it was bubbling lightly. It’s finally ready!I turned back to the Magic Replenishing Potion and rolled up my sleeves. This is it, half of my magic, perhaps some emotion, to resuscitate the glorious Dark Lord. Reading the page again, the instructions said that I had to dip my hands in and allow some of my magic to flow through it.“Right, here goes nothing,” I said, bracing myself. I tightened my hands into fists, expecting excruciating heat, but when I put my hands in it was the kind of heat I’d use for a hot bath. It was comfortable. “This is weird,” I mumbled, relaxing my hands and closing my eyes to search inside my body for some magic. Taking what I considered a handful— since that was all the potion needed to restore my dad’s magic to where it had once been, possibly to where mine was at that point in time — and a particle of emotion… very, very tiny bit of emotion so as not to be completely noticed.… I let it all seep into the potion, which began to bubble as lightly as the Flesh, Blood, and Bone Potion.I slowly pulled my hands out, feeling my magic replenish itself as blood does when getting a small cut. Then I took out my wand and levitated the small cauldron over to the larger cauldron, and tipped it over to slowly pour it in. The potion began to bubble slightly harder, and continued at that pace after I had poured in all of the Replenishing Potion.I sighed in relief, once I stashed everything away in its rightful place — the book underneath the entire pile of the other damaged ones. Then I studied the large cauldron. The color was as it was supposed to be once adding magic — a watery, lavender-hued color. It was as if the sky blue color of the Magic Replenishing Potion had completely evaporated.Once again, I smiled. Young Barty Crouch is not going to be happy. I’ll leave him a nice little note.Conjuring a Patronus Charm, I left a message much like it was an answering machine for when he returned to the room: “I found a way to stay alive while making sure my dad gets all the magic he needs. You can check if you so desire, the potion is very potent. I’ll find you when I am ready to assist you with your father. But…… try to kill me again and you will be sorry.”The cobra nodded and I smiled, donned the Disillusionment Charm, and walked out of the room.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Where have you been?! What did he do to you?! Oh my goodness, you look so pale! Melody??!!”“Please, Becky, stop heckling me,” I said, covering my face with my hands. A well of emotion felt like it was about to pour out of me, tears of relief that I just couldn’t let anyone else see. I couldn’t bear to see the look of worry on her face and end up bursting into crying fits right in front of her.“What did he do? Oh, Melody, you have to tell Snape and Dumbledore! They’ll want to hear about it! He didn’t get permission to give you detention! He’s never gotten permission! Melody, please —”“You heard what ‘Professor Moody’ said,” I snapped, shocking her into silence. “I don’t want to get into any more trouble with him, and I especially don’t want you slipping into his bad side either… just leave me alone, I don’t want to talk about it.” My voice was cracking as I sprinted up the stairs to our dormitory, and threw myself into bed.
  How does Harry 
  
    deal
  
   with it? He’s nearly been killed 
  
    two times
  
   within the past couple years by the Dark Lord and 
  
    still
  
   manages to act like it doesn’t perturb him in the slightest. He’ll have a third attempt on his life soon, thanks to me. I was nearly killed by no less than a 
  
    memory
  
   of dad as a teenager, but that’s not as important. Harry had saved me then, and I just saved 
  
    myself
  
   now by my 
  
    own
  
   wit… well, technically the Room of Requirement had a bigger part in helping me than I did in helping myself. I hadn’t even thought Crouch actually wanted me dead.

   I feel so very weak and vulnerable and gullible……
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Over an hour before lunch the next day, I went to go see Crouch alone. Not much he can do to me during the day, and anyways — on top of explaining my idea to him — I’d like to be sure he knows I’m not scared of him. Because I’m not. I’m over the bout of emotion I had last night before crying myself to sleep. I’m refreshed and strong.Harry, Ron, and Hermione were just walking out of his office as I got there.“Oh, Melody,” Hermione said brightly. “Are you going to come to the library any time soon?”I scratched the back of my neck, starting to lose my nerve. I’d managed not to bump into anyone all morning, with the exception of going to class, and even then I didn’t personally speak to anyone.“Yeah, of course… I — erm — I meant to come yesterday, but something came up.”Hermione seemed to be the only one who didn’t notice my awkwardness. “So I’ll see you later today?”“Yeah, sure,” I said as they walked away.Harry and Ron gave some concerned glances at me over their shoulders. At least their suspicions wouldn’t be the thought that I was doing anything evil, probably just that something was wrong. And something was wrong. I walked into ‘Professor Moody’s’ office, and slammed the door behind me.‘Moody’s’ head snapped up from behind his desk. He glared at me.“So tell me. Was your night a success?” I hissed sarcastically.“Partly,” he reluctantly replied.“Oh, so I suppose you caught your father. Excellent. And then you got my message, too, in concerns to that stupid ‘partly’ response.”“Indeed, I did.”“Would you like me to reinforce it?” I asked, wrapping my hands behind my back as I bent forward to glare pointedly at him.“I already heard it loud and clear.”“I’m sure you did, but are you going to heed my warning?”He didn’t answer.“Of course not. Then again, why would you? You’ve never seen me use the sort of magic that my father uses unless in practice which, may I remind you, were lessons that you gave me. Waste of time, may I say, for you to teach me such things and then believe that you’re just going to be able to kill me…. Because I’d have gladly taken your magical energy last night, and called it a day!”His hands clenched into fists.I pulled my hands from behind my back to clap. “On to the matter I really need to talk to you about. We can use your father, I just need a little extra practice on a few things with you before this plan is foolproof.”He sighed resignedly, “What do you have in mind?”“I’m glad you asked,” I said, collapsing into the chair in front of his desk. “Because there’s only one way I can think of, but it’ll require a lot of preparation and magic. More than dad’s potion, actually. The only problem —”The door slammed open then, causing me to jump in my seat. Barty as ‘Professor Moody’ flinched as well. Both of us stared at the door with our wands up.Marcus stood in the doorway. “I knew you were doing something for your father this year!”I can’t believe my stupidity, I’d thought furiously, never dropping my wand even an inch as I sped toward him. I should’ve put a silencing charm on the door. Marcus flinched as I dragged him into the room.After a few glances in the hall to find no other students within listening distance, I closed the door before placing a few silencing charms on it. Once that was finished, I rounded on Marcus with my wand at his throat. “Are you bleeding insane?! Someone could’ve heard you!”He chuckled sheepishly, “I’m not that stupid.”I groaned, wiping my hand up across my face and through my hair in frustration. “What the hell..” I put my wand away as I went back to my chair. “It doesn’t matter anyway, I told you that you had lost any and every opportunity to help with this. So go away.”“Just let me help. I’ll prove myself to you this way,” he pleaded. “I’ll do anything!”‘Professor Moody’ had to tap me on the shoulder, a smug smirk on his face as I looked at him. “Well, princess, how did he find out about you?”I rolled my eyes. “His parents are devoted to being in dad’s favor. They realized whose daughter I must be, so they sent bighead here —” I gestured to Marcus, “— to get in my favor. Complete failure, might I add.”“Letting personal feelings get in the way of a good henchman?” he asked.I glared heavily at him, “It’s more than that, Barty, shut up.”“Please, Melody,” Marcus said, reminding me of the fact that he was still there.“Didn’t I tell you to go away?” I asked exasperatedly, looking up at him with strong dislike. “Why do I still have to deal with you? We’re broken up.”Marcus clenched his fists, strenuously pursing his lips together.His reaction was not doing anything good to my nerves.“I want to kill Malfoy.. so badly..” he admitted softly as he stared down at me. “But I haven’t, because it would make you upset… that’s how much I care about your feelings….”I scoffed in response.He closed his eyes, “If you don’t let me help you so I can prove myself, then the best thing I can do is flunk my NEWTs this year… so I can force my help on you next year. How does that sound, Melody?”That suddenly gave me food for thought.I looked at ‘Professor Moody’ as I imagined the horror of seeing Marcus for another year… and thought of something we could do. Since he was offering his assistance, it was the perfect way to tie my plan together.When I grinned at Marcus, his bravado quickly faltered.. uncertain what I was really smiling for.“Then, I have the perfect job for you, Marcus… think you’re up for it?”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I closed ‘Professor Moody’s’ office door behind me some time later, and began making my way to the Great Hall. Draco, Trixy, and Lissy will probably badger me about being gone all day yesterday. Becky might back me up but… I don’t know. I just hope I can get everything over with.A tap on my shoulder caused me to jump.“Are you alright?” Draco asked with a laugh, draping his arm around me. “I’ve just noticed, but you seem to have become a bit jumpy lately.”I sighed, relaxing. “No, I… I’m fine, I —”“No, you’re not,” he said seriously.I overcame the urge to look down at my feet, and instead looked up at him. “Really, Draco, I’m fine.”He raised an eyebrow at me, but didn’t get the chance to say anything else when we were pounced on by Lissy and Trixy.“Well, it’s lunchtime now! I’m hungry, are you hungry?” Lissy turned dramatically to Trixy.“Definitely hungry!”“Come on, let’s go!” Lissy grabbed hold of my hands and pulled me through the hallways, tripping over her own feet every now and then. I laughed unguardedly for the first time in twenty four hours.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Okay, I get that you don’t want to tell anyone about your detention with Moody. That’s fine. But Melody.. I know about it! You have to tell me what he did! What was your punishment for whatever wrong he thought you did?” Becky was badgering me again on our way to the library.Should’ve expected her to keep trying.“It’s been a while since I really talked to Hermione,” I said brightly. “I mean, all we’ll do is study, but it’ll still be nice to see her.”“Melody,” Becky said sternly, suddenly wrapping a hand tightly around my wrist.“Becky, just stop worrying about it,” I finally replied in exasperation. “It’s gone and passed now. He can’t possibly put me in detention again, and besides the year is nearly over. Something will probably happen to him like all the other Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers we’ve had.”I almost hope something bad happens to him, I thought, relishing the thought. But no.. I can’t think like that…. That’s exactly why I’m helping him to get out of this situation.“Look, you can’t hold in everything bad that’s ever happened to you. You have to let it out.”“As far as I knew, a detention wasn’t some terrible event in comparison to many of the others that’ve happened at Hogwarts these past years. I’d hope a mere detention wouldn’t somehow be equivalent to those dangers.”“But —”“Oh, look!” I pointed behind her.Becky immediately turned her head to look. “What are you looking — oh!”George had succeeded at his surprise attack. He grabbed her by the waist, and spun her around. I ducked out of the way, chuckling.“Where did you come from?” I asked, pausing in wait as I had a suspicious thought. “…. Where’s Fred?” I quickly spun around and backed away before Fred could try the same thing. He gave me a cheeky grin from the area I had just vacated.“And here I thought I might just get away with it.”I rolled my eyes, “Surely you know that even if you did get away with it, you’d have my temper to deal with afterwards.”He held his hands up innocently in front of him, “Whoops! I forgot!”“Well, you’re off the hook.. this time.”We quieted our laughter down before walking into the library, sitting at a table with Hermione.Fred and George instantly began consorting with Becky over some new prank. Oy vey.“It’s nice to see you in the library again,” Hermione said softly. “I was wondering.. were you alright earlier? You seemed a bit on edge.”I gave a nervous laugh, “And here I thought you were the one who didn’t notice.”“Well, I didn’t. Harry and Ron did.” I thought I saw a faint trace of a blush.“I hadn’t wanted anyone to notice… but, it’s all right. I’m fine now. Anyways, what’s been going on? Any more crazy schemes for you and the boys?.. Besides the tournament, of course.”“Actually, I’ve been trying to figure out how Rita Skeeter finds out the basis for all her stories,” she said, looking around before whispering such information to me.Now this is something I know, I thought giddily. I leaned my elbows forward on the table. “What have you found out?”“Nothing, but I feel like whatever she does must be illegal… Harry and Ron are no help. Harry suggested that she might be bugging people, but technology doesn’t work around Hogwarts.”“Wow, I forgot all about bugging,” I remarked thoughtfully. “It’s been so long since I’ve gone out into the Muggle world.”She gave a small laugh. “Thing is, she must be doing something magical. An invisibility cloak, or something —”“I think,” I said softly, leaning across the table. “You should follow the idea of bugging just a little bit more. There are more ways than one to bug people, including the way in which a witch may do it. Someone as annoying as Rita can fit the bill.”A minute of hard thinking passed before Hermione’s eyes rounded in understanding. “A beetle…”It was my turn to be surprised. “You know the exact bug?”“Yes!” she whispered excitedly. “That day when Viktor asked me to visit him over the summer. I’d always been wondering how she could have listened in on that… and I remember Viktor pulling a beetle out of my hair. Ooh, how sneaky.. Is she registered?”“Last time I looked at the registered Animagi list, no she’s not. You were right. What she’s doing is very illegal.”“But… how did you know?”“Draco brought her to breakfast as a beetle once. Becky and I had a field day joking about squishing her, but we had to promise not to tell anyone. Technically, I’ve still kept the promise.” I gave a small smile. “But, I’ll let you decide your revenge on her.”Hermione was positively glowing at that point.“Urm..” I ventured curiously, “what’s Harry's next task going to be?”She frowned. “A maze. Ron and I have been preparing him for whatever obstacles he may face in it. The Triwizard Cup is supposed to be in the middle — whoever grabs it first wins.”With Crouch in the background to be sure that Harry gets to the center first… “Sounds interesting,” I said uncertainly.“Hagrid’s providing some creatures for the maze and, well, you know what sort of creatures he might have to face.”I involuntarily flinched. “Well… surely it must be easier than fighting a dragon.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “It’s still weird for me to be the only one in here with you taking this,” I said, writing down another sentence in the essay. I was taking my O.W.L.s in the room alone with Severus. Each. One.It was taking me all day, since the rest of the week had been my exams for my other classes. The next day, I was taking my Defense Against the Dark Arts exam and then the third task was that night.
   I am not looking forward to the Defense Against the Dark Arts exam.
“Miss Riddle, what have I told you about talking?” He said this with an exasperated sigh, and I couldn’t help but give a small laugh.“It’s not like there’s anyone around me that can talk back except you.”He gave me a look, so I just drew my hand across my mouth in the symbol of a zipper and returned my gaze to my paper. I stayed quiet for the rest of the allotted time, finishing it all up and hoping that ‘Professor Moody’ wouldn’t think to pay any attention to me when the time came to do my exam for him.When I turned the last bit of paper in, my hand throbbed. “Next time you have a student do their O.W.L.s in an earlier year, don’t make them do it all in one day.”“Don’t tell me you’re complaining,” Severus replied in amusement.“Oh no, never me — just that I think all that writing would hurt someone who’s not as… experienced as I am with writing for long periods of time. But, if they have to do it in one whole day, have them do a potion before and after writing a lot so that they get a break.”“I see your problem.”“Not my problem, but… you know.”“If you insist,” he said with an eye roll.A knock sounded at the door and I checked my watch. “I believe that must be Becky. I’ll be off!”“Melody,” he said softly, placing a hand on my shoulder to hold me in place before I could leave. “Are you all right?”I hesitated. “Uh — I’m fine… how about you?”A look of ‘you know what I mean’ directed itself at me.I sighed, “I mean it, I’m fine. No problems.” I slowly backed up from his grip to the door. “Do tell me what I got when you finish grading them. Thanks, Severus!” My hand caught hold of the door handle and I quickly slipped out, closing the door behind me.“Congratulations,” Becky noted humorously, “you’ve just survived hell.”“Doing a long line of hard exams in Professor Snape’s dungeon is heaven compared to what the exam in ‘Professor Moody’s’ class is going to be like,” I replied honestly.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The morning of the third task, the girls and I got to breakfast a little late. Draco — the moment I got to the table — stuffed another newspaper in my face.“I feel like you’re better known for being a gossipmonger more than anything,” I said, taking it from him with a reproachful glare. Of course. A Rita Skeeter article: HARRY POTTER“DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS”The boy who defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is unstable and possibly dangerous, writesRita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Alarming ev-dence has recently come to light about Harry Pot-ter’s strange behavior, which casts doubts upon hissuitability to compete in a demanding competitionlike the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attendHogwarts School.Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal,regularly collapses at school, and is often heard tocomplain of pain in the scar on his forehead (relicof the curse with which You-Know-Who attemptedto kill him). On Monday last, midway through aDivination lesson, your Daily Prophet reporterwitnessed Potter storming from the class, claimingthat his scar was hurting too badly to continuestudying.It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungo’s Hos-pital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that Pot-ter’s brain was affected by the attack inflicted uponhim by You-Know-Who, and that his insistencethat the scar is still hurting is an expression of hisdeep-seated confusion.“He might even be pretending,” said one spe-cialist. “This could be a plea for attention.”The Daily Prophet, however, has unearthedworrying facts about Harry Potter that AlbusDumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, has care-fully concealed from the wizarding public.“Potter can speak Parseltongue,” reveals DracoMalfoy, a Hogwarts fourth year. “There were a lotof attacks on students a couple of years ago, andmost people thought Potter was behind them afterthey saw him lose his temper at a dueling club andset a snake on another boy. It was all hushed up,though. But he’s made friends with werewolves andgiants too. We think he’d do anything for a bit ofpower.”Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes,has long been considered a Dark Art. Indeed, themost famous Parselmouth of our times is noneother than You-Know-Who himself. A member ofthe Dark Force Defense League, who wished toremain unnamed, stated that he would regard anywizard who could speak Parseltongue “as worthy ofinvestigation. Personally, I would be highly suspi-cious of anybody who could converse with snakes,as serpents are often used in the worst kinds ofDark Magic, and are historically associated withevildoers.” Similarly, “anyone who seeks out thecompany of such vicious creatures as werewolvesand giants would appear to have a fondness forviolence.”Albus Dumbledore should surely considerwhether a boy such as this should be allowed tocompete in the Triwizard Tournament. Some fearthat Potter might resort to the Dark Arts in his des-peration to win the tournament, the third task ofwhich takes place this evening. “Why do you look so serious?” Draco directed this at me as I put the paper down, feeling thunderstruck.
  That part how a wizard who speaks Parseltongue should be deemed ‘worthy of investigation’ and how ‘serpents are often used in the worst kinds of Dark Magic, and are historically associated with evildoers.’ My Animagus is a snake… I speak Parseltongue… my whole family on my dad’s side is close to the Dark Side…… Should I?… 
  
    Could 
  
  I?
Lissy snapped her fingers in front of my face until I looked at her. “Are you okay?”I know I shouldn’t take this person’s opinions to heart, even though they’re an expert, but… I mean, I could use Dark Magic and still be good, right? I’ve used Parseltongue before, naturally, and to be mostly good with a bit of bad… it can’t be all that terrible, and it would be useful… in many ways for protection, as well as showing dad what I can do so he can trust me. If that’s a path I can follow, then I should really try it… heh, to think I might finally be giving in. It’s just, why learn it if you’re not going to use it? “Yeah,” I smiled at her reassuringly, “I just can’t wait to see ‘Professor Moody’ for the very last time.”Draco looked confused by my answer… actually, suspicious would be more like it.“I’ll see you guys in Defense Against the Dark Arts,” I said, standing up.“Wait a minute, you didn’t eat anything,” Becky complained. “You need your strength for facing Moody’s exam.”I left the Great Hall, taking out my wand. I won’t do anything drastic, just… well, do a test run. ‘Moody’ was actually just on his way into the Great Hall. Perfect. “Hey, Professor, might I ask what exactly we’ll be doing for our exam so I can practice a bit?”“So you can cheat?” he growled back, brushing past me. “Want another detention, Riddle?”“Not particularly,” I replied with a smug grin as he continued walking away. Under my breath, I finished, “However, the year has been fun while it lasted.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The day passed by quicker than I had imagined it would. In Defense Against the Dark Arts, we did a written exam in which I could feel ‘Professor Moody’ glaring at me. He had us get in a line to drill with spells. By this, I mean that a student who was next in line went up and he told them a few spells to do. After they finished, the next person went up. Easy. Except he mumbled when it was my turn. I had to ask him multiple times what spells he asked me to do.
  Mine 
  
    would
  
   have to be the most difficult to accomplish. Any longer trying to get him to answer, and our class would’ve had to miss the third task.
At the evening feast, I had a bite of food and then pushed my plate away.“You know you can calm down now,” Draco said, placing a comforting hand at my back. “We don’t have to see Mad-Eye again until next year.”“I know, though I actually doubt he’ll come back next year. I’m just not that hungry.”“Rubbish,” he said, hooking his hand into my side to pull me close and attempt to stuff a piece of roast chicken in my face.“Agh, Draco, I mean it!” I said, turning away and using my hand to push it away.“That’s so adorable,” Becky said, wiping a pretend tear from her eye.I took hold of the fork and arm wrestled Draco for it. He was stronger than I thought he’d be, and even ended up winning to the point the chicken was nearly forced into my mouth…. But something Becky once did gave me an idea.“If I kiss you, will you stop trying to feed me?”“Melody, you have to eat more than just a bite of salad. You didn’t eat anything for breakfast or lunch, and you need —”“I’m not hungry. It’s just for today, Draco, I’ll probably be back to eating tomorrow.”“Probably?” he remarked dubiously.When I gently placed my lips against his, all of his protests were forgotten.A minute later silence fell in the Great Hall, so we stopped to see that Professor Dumbledore had risen to his feet at the staff table.“Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes’ time, I will be asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. Will the champions please follow Mr. Bagman down to the stadium now.”The champions stood and, as they left the Great Hall with Ludo Bagman, were followed by applause and cheering.We followed five minutes later, and Draco was aghast to see what they had done to the Quidditch field for the task.“What — What have they done?” he raked his hand through his hair.I smiled reassuringly, patting him on the back.Becky led the way through the bleachers to some seats where Draco continued to complain about what they did to the Quidditch field.“Calm down already. They’re going to return it to the way it was before, you know,” Becky said in near disgust.His retort was drowned out by Ludo Bagman’s resounding voice through the air, his wand playing as his microphone once again:“Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me remind you how the points currently stand! Tied in first place, with eighty-five points each — Mr. Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both of Hogwarts School!” Cheers and applause from Hogwarts were deafening. “In second place, with eighty points — Mr. Viktor Krum, of Durmstrang Institute!” Some more applause. “And in third place — Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons Academy!” Some polite applause. “So… on my whistle, Harry and Cedric! Three — two — one —”Bagman gave a short blast on his whistle. Harry and Cedric sprinted right into the maze, quickly swallowed by the towering hedges.A minute later, Bagman blew the whistle for Viktor to run in, and another minute later Fleur rushed in after the rest of them. The task had begun. Professor Hagrid, ‘Professor Moody’, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick began walking around the maze in patrols. ‘Moody’ would do whatever had to be done to get Harry to the middle, and I hoped it wouldn’t be anything too drastic.Harry will be all right… he’ll be all right… I continued to tell myself. I was getting nervous — no, anxious — suddenly thinking about the fact that I’d just put Harry’s life in danger with ‘Professor Moody’ on the outside of the maze. With ‘Professor Moody’ having changed the Triwizard Cup into a portkey to the graveyard with the Flesh, Blood, and Bone potion that I made to take him to my dad… Hopefully Harry amazes us all once again by surviving tonight. That way nothing else terrible happens on my part. Dad will be back without anyone having to die, and.. I’ll have definitely proved myself to him. He’ll be so proud……Draco wrapped an arm around me, looking at me worriedly. I was grateful he didn’t say anything, but that look of his told me that I was showing my anxiety.The whole world felt like it paused for an eternity around me, all the fear in the world spreading out across the land. I couldn’t hear anybody’s chatter, not even Becky’s while she went on about some subject — snapping at Draco whenever he responded with something snarky — Lissy and Trixy giggling over their game of wizard chess; Vincent and Greg staring out into space, bored out of their minds; Fred and George tailing after Ludo Bagman for the money he owed them; Marcus scowling as Jacqueline tried to talk to him, her French accent sounding musical amidst other chatter. And more.
  Can I truly be some sort of Dark Princess even though I have such a guilty conscience about everything terrible I’ve ever done? Is there some way to get over it? Dark Magic is something that my dad’s side of the family has used for generations, and they’ve 
  
    never
  
   felt bad about it. 
  
    I shouldn’t
  
  … not many people can use Dark Magic… and if I could ever use it while not 
  
    fully
  
   succumbing to the dark side of everything, it would be a great feat! 
  
    If I could just get rid of this guilt!
  
“How long is this going to take?” Draco complained.“I don’t know,” Becky snapped. “It’s not like it’s going to be easy for them to find their way through it. It’s a flipping maze!”I snorted, “Well, aren’t you being such a little ball of sunshine today?”“This whole tournament has made me lose my sunshine qualities. Do you know why they haven’t done it in a while? Some students have died in tournaments! A boy our age is in this thing! Who knows what sort of things are in this maze that could end their poor lives? Especially if Hagrid had any to give them!”Draco rolled his eyes. “Poor, Becky? Poor?”Ignoring their continued disagreement, I searched through the crowd for where Severus was. I found him some ways off talking to Professor Karkaroff, who was gesturing wildly. A look at his face showed that it had gone white with fear. He almost pulled up his sleeve, but Severus stopped him with a hiss.
  Has something been added to the Flesh, Blood, and Bone potion already?
“Yes, poor. To actually have the gall to sign up for such a thing, thinking it a great privilege, and finding out what a terrifying experience it truly is —”“How would you know? You’ve never gone through such trials!”Severus and Professor Karkaroff suddenly clutched at their arms, faces contorted in pain.The Dark Mark. How long has it been? I checked my watch. About two hours. Huh. So… is dad back to full power now? Nothing feels different. But then, I’m not in the graveyard with him.Karkaroff ran off. Severus scowled after him.For me? Things got blurry really fast.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  “How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it? And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?” Lord Voldemort had just risen from the contents of the cauldron and called his followers to him using Wormtail’s Dark Mark, recently having turned jet black with his own return to power.

   He finally stood in his 
  
    own
  
   body. With skin whiter than a skull’s, scarlet red eyes, and the nose of a snake; he was tall and skeletally thin. Utter perfection.

   Wormtail stood off to the side, whimpering over his bloodied arm. He’d willingly cut off the hand with the missing finger and dropped it into the potion. Harry Potter was tied to the headstone of Voldemort’s father, Tom Riddle, by cords tightened around him from neck to ankles. He had a cut in the crook of his right arm that still gushed dark red, his blood also having been used for the potion.

   The Dark Lord paced in front of them, his eyes sweeping across the graveyard. How long it had been since he had his own body! His strong magic! Melody would be praised for her incredible work. Indeed. She and Barty did their part well.

   He returned his gaze to the boy, and gave a cruel smile.

   “You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late father. A Muggle and a fool… very like your dear mother. But they both had their uses, did they not? Your mother died to defend you as a child… and I killed my father, and see how useful he has proved himself, in death….”

   Voldemort laughed harshly. The boy would be dead soon, finally, so he might as well tell him about his parents… his own mother’s sacrifice and his father’s foolishness.

   “You see that house upon the hillside, Potter? My father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when she told him what she was… He didn’t like magic, my father…

   “He left her and returned to his Muggle parents before I was even born, Potter, and she died giving birth to me, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanage… but I vowed to find him… I revenged myself upon him, that fool who gave me his name… Tom Riddle….”

   He continued pacing, wondering how the sad story about his mother could work him up so much. The betrayal of his father felt like a knife to the back. He didn’t remember such strong feelings before. There was always anger, yes, but never so much of it that it hurt… oh, but here came his followers….

   “Listen to me, reliving family history…” he said softly, “why, I am growing quite sentimental…. But look, Harry! My true family returns….”

   Wizards Apparated into the graveyard, all hooded and masked. Though he couldn’t see their faces, he could feel the awe and fear that overcame them as they rushed forward to see him. He, himself, stood still, waiting for them to do what he knew they would after his long absence. Matter of fact, what was expected of them.

   Each of them fell to their knees, one after the other, crawling over to him and kissing the hem of his robes. Then, they stood up and backed away, encircling his father’s grave. Gaps were left where other Death Eaters were missing, some of whom were stuck in Azkaban… and others who were obviously afraid to return to him. 
  
    Fools
  
  .

   “Welcome, Death Eaters,” he said, looking around at the hooded faces. Some of them had quite a bit of nerve to come back to him. “Thirteen years… thirteen years since last we met.  Yet you answer my call as though it were yesterday… We are still united under the Dark Mark, then! Or are we?” He sniffed the air, noticing the extra emotion that each of them absolutely 
  
    burned
  
   of. “I smell guilt. There is a stench of guilt upon the air.”

   No one spoke. Rather their fear intensified. Surely, they knew how much he hated being lied to… forgotten about… left to serve those who go against everything he believes in.

   “I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact — such prompt appearances! — and I ask myself… why did this band of wizards never come to the aid of their master, to whom they swore eternal loyalty?”

   They remained silent. His patience was wearing thin. Surely, they knew he was speaking to all of them?

   “And I answer myself,” he whispered, “they must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. They slipped back among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment….

   “And then I ask myself, but how could they have believed I would not rise again? They, who knew the steps I took, long ago, to guard myself against mortal death? They, who had seen proof of the immensity of my power in the times when I was mightier than any wizard living?

   “And I answer myself, perhaps they believed a still greater power could exist, one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemort… perhaps they now pay allegiance to another… perhaps that champion of commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore?”

   He ignored the murmurs and head shaking between them. They just did that for show.

  “It is a disappointment to me… I confess myself disappointed….”

   Avery flung himself forward, collapsing at Voldemort’s feet. “Master! Master, forgive me! Forgive us all!”

   He laughed. Ah, Avery, that poor and brave soul. He raised his wand… let this be a lesson to them all about his displeasure of their actions. “
  
    Crucio
  
  !”

   Avery writhed and shrieked. The music it played to Voldemort’s ears after such a long thirteen years! To be able to do it 
  
    himself
  
   for as long as he so desired! The feeling of euphoria was astounding.

   The strength of the fear spread around the circle and he stopped, leaving Avery gasping on the ground. He’ll be all right, he and the rest of them have learned where their allegiance must lie. He needed them. For while he does have Melody, his followers were also his extended family.

   “Get up, Avery. Stand up. You ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. Thirteen long years… I want thirteen years’ repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail here has paid some of his debt already, have you not, Wormtail?”

   Wormtail sobbed on the ground, holding and caressing his arm.

   Voldemort continued, “You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. You know that, don’t you?”

   “Yes, Master,” Wormtail moaned, “please, Master… please…”

   So pitiful… he could suffer for another minute, but he did promise him…. “Yet you helped return me to my body. Worthless and traitorous as you are, you helped me… and Lord Voldemort rewards his helpers….”

   He waved his wand, silver forming in the air into the shape of a hand which he brought down to fit itself upon the pitiful man’s bleeding wrist.

   The sobbing abruptly stopped, and Wormtail looked at his hand with disbelief. A new hand, with all the fingers, and it looked beautiful. However… should he try to help any of Voldemort’s enemies, there was a bit of a setback for Wormtail in that hand… but, he should know better.

   “My Lord. Master… it is beautiful… thank you… thank you….” he whispered, scrambling forward on his knees and kissing the hem of his robes.

   “May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail,” he warned.

   “No, my Lord… never, my Lord…” He stood and took his place in the circle, staring at his hand with awe and pleasure.

   On Wormtail’s right was Lucius Malfoy. Voldemort approached him next.

   “Lucius, my slippery friend,” he whispered, standing before him with a strong sense of disappointment overflowing him after the news Melody had last relayed to him. “I am told that you have not renounced the old ways, though to the world you present a respectable fact. You are still ready to take the lead in a spot of Muggle-torture, I believe? Yet you never tried to find me, Lucius…. Your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup were fun, I daresay… but might not your energies have been better directed toward finding and aiding your master?”

   “My Lord, I was constantly on the alert,” Lucius replied promptly. “Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me —”

   “And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?” Lucius stopped talking, no doubt realizing who told him. “Yes, I know all about that, Lucius… You have disappointed me…. I expect more faithful service in the future.” He would let him off the hook… for now. His spot in the Ministry could come in handy.

   “Of course, my Lord, of course…. You are merciful, thank you….”

   He continued, staring at the large space between Lucius and Macnair. “The Lestranges should stand here. But they are entombed in Azkaban. They were faithful. They went to Azkaban rather than renounce me…. When Azkaban is broken open, the Lestranges will be honored beyond their dreams. The Dementors will join us… they are our natural allies… we will recall the banished giants… I shall have all my devoted servants returned to me, and an army of creatures whom all fear….”

   Voldemort went to Macnair — he wouldn’t speak to everyone, oh no, that would take too much time. There are some who need to know what they did wrong, and others who will have jobs to do now that he was back.

   “Macnair…” he said, “destroying dangerous beasts for the Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? You will have better victims than that soon, Macnair. Lord Voldemort will provide….”

   “Thank you, Master… thank you,” Macnair murmured, his relief overwhelming.

   “And here,” he said, passing many Death Eaters to get to his two largest, “we have Crabbe… you will do better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?”

   They clumsily bowed to him, not big speakers. Then, according to Melody, neither were their sons.

   “Yes, Master…”

   “We will, Master….”

   “The same goes for you, Nott,” he said quietly as he passed by Nott’s stooped figure.

   “My Lord, I prostrate myself before you, I am your most faithful —”

   “That will do,” Voldemort said, with a wave of his hand. He then stood before the largest gap, almost shaking his head at who should have been here to greet him.

   “And here we have six missing Death Eaters… three dead in my service. One, too cowardly to return…” — Karkaroff — “he will pay. One, who I believe has left me forever…” — Snape — “he will be killed, of course… and one, who remains my most faithful servant, and who has already reentered my service.” Crouch. “He is at Hogwarts, that faithful friend, and it was through his efforts that our young friend arrived here tonight….

   “Yes,” his mouth curved upward in a grin as his, and the Death Eaters’, eyes flashed to Harry Potter’s direction. “Harry Potter has kindly joined us for my rebirthing party. One might go so far as to call him my guest of honor.”

   There was silence as Harry stared back at him defiantly. So much bravery…. Lucius stepped forward.

   “Master, we crave to know… we beg you to tell us… how you have achieved this… this miracle… how you managed to return to us….”

   “Ah,” Voldemort smiled in reminiscence, “what a story it is, Lucius. And it begins — and ends — with my young friend here.”

   He walked over to Harry and stood next to him, excitement coursing through his veins as he thought about what he would be able to do to the boy before the night was over. Nagini circled the headstone, almost impatiently, just as excited for his death as Voldemort was.

   “You know, of course, that they have called this boy my downfall?” As he spoke, the boy’s face scrunched up in pain and he bit back a scream. He wouldn’t be in pain for long, not to worry… “You all know that on the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill him. His mother died in the attempt to save him — and unwittingly provided him with a protection I admit I had not foreseen…. I could not touch the boy.”

   He held a hand up, bringing his finger close to the boy’s cheek.

   “His mother left upon him the traces of her sacrifice…. This old magic, I should have remembered it, I was so foolish to overlook it… but no matter. I can touch him now.”

   His finger touched him and the boy screamed in agony, his gag muffling the sound. Voldemort laughed, and took his finger away. Revenge was sweet.

   “I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. My curse was deflected by the woman’s foolish sacrifice, and it rebounded upon myself. Aaah… pain beyond pain, my friends; nothing could have prepared me for it. I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost… but still, I was alive. What I was, even I do not know… I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. You know my goal — to conquer death. And now, I was tested, and it appeared that one or more of my experiments had worked… for I had not been killed, though the curse should have done it. Nevertheless, I was as powerless as the weakest creature alive, and without the means to help myself… for I had no body, and every spell that might have helped me required the use of a wand….

   “I remember only forcing myself, sleeplessly, endlessly, second by second, to exist…. I settled in a faraway place, in a forest, and I waited…. Surely, one of my faithful Death Eaters would try and find me… one of them would come and perform the magic I could not, to restore me to a body… but I waited in vain….”

   Guilt ran through the group once again, and he let the silence go on, relishing how badly they felt about it. As they should… he’d had no one, and nothing, to save him. He almost couldn’t help but believe that if Orele had stayed, she would’ve been the first to search for him. The only one to assist.

  
    I mustn’t think about that now.
  

   “Only one power remained to me. I could possess the bodies of others. But I dared not go where other humans were plentiful, for I knew that the Aurors were still abroad and searching for me. I sometimes inhabited animals — snakes, of course, being my preference — but I was little better off inside them than as a pure spirit, for their bodies were ill adapted to perform magic… and my possession of them shortened their lives; none of them lasted long….

   “Then… four years ago… the means for my return seemed assured. A wizard — young, foolish, and gullible — wandered across my path in the forest I had made my home. Oh, he seemed the very chance I had been dreaming of… for he was a teacher at Dumbledore’s school… he was so easy to bend to my will… he brought me back to this country, and after a while, I took possession of his body, to supervise him closely as he carried out my orders. But my plan failed. I did not manage to steal the Sorcerer’s Stone. I was not to be assured immortal life. I was thwarted… thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter….”

   Silence. He was 
  
    great
  
   at storytelling. He could have done this for Melody when she was growing up……… 
  
    Ahem!
  

   “The servant died when I left his body, and I was left as weak as ever I had been,” he continued. He decided, for that moment, to tell them of Melody’s contributions later for when they were greater in numbers. Her hard efforts to help him, despite not knowing about him until four years ago, were incredible stories of their own.“I returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not pretend to you that I didn’t then fear that I might never regain my powers…. Yes, that was perhaps my darkest hour… I could not hope that I would be sent another wizard to possess… and I had given up hope, now, that any of my Death Eaters cared what had become of me….”

   Many of them shifted uncomfortably! It was incredible to know that they were feeling awful about leaving him to figure out what to do for himself… but he pretended to take no notice.

   “And then, not even a year ago, when I had almost abandoned hope, it happened at last… a servant was returned to me. Wormtail here, who had faked his own death to escape justice, was driven out of hiding by those he had once counted as friends, and had to return to his master.

   “But his journey back to me was not smooth, was it, Wormtail? For, hungry one night, on the edge of the forest, he foolishly stopped at an inn for some food… and who should he meet there, but one Bertha Jorkins, a witch from the Ministry of Magic.

   “Now see the way that fate favors Lord Voldemort. This might have been the end of Wormtail, and of my last hope for regeneration. But Wormtail — displaying a presence of mind I would never have expected from him — convinced Bertha Jorkins to accompany him on a nighttime stroll. He overpowered her… he brought her to me. And Bertha Jorkins, who might have ruined all, proved instead to be a gift beyond my wildest dreams… for — with a little persuasion — she became a veritable mine of information.

   “She told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be played at Hogwarts this year. She told me that she knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me, if I could only contact him. She told me many things… but the means I used to break the Memory Charm upon her were powerful, and when I had extracted all useful information from her, her mind and body were both damaged beyond repair. She had now served her purpose. I could not possess her. I disposed of her.”

   He smiled, remembering how all his hopes and dreams had come true. His relief at the time couldn’t even be described. He was happy to know he had another chance at regeneration.

   “Wormtail’s body, of course, was ill adapted for possession, as all assumed him dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he was the able-bodied servant I needed, and, poor wizard though he is, Wormtail was able to follow the instructions I gave him, which would return me to a rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be able to inhabit while awaiting the essential ingredients for true rebirth… a spell or two of my own invention… a little help from my dear Nagini, a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and the snake venom Nagini provided… I was soon returned to an almost human form, and strong enough to travel.

   “There was no hope of stealing the Sorcerer’s Stone anymore, for I knew that Dumbledore would have seen to it that it was destroyed. But I was willing to embrace mortal life again, before chasing immortality. I set my sights lower… I would settle for my old body back again, and my old strength.

   “I knew that to achieve this — it is an old piece of Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight — I would need four powerful ingredients. Well, one of them was already at hand, was it not, Wormtail? Flesh given by a servant….

   “Another important ingredient was the magic of a family member.  As all of you know, my father was no wizard and my mother’s bones — wherever they are — would have no magic left after all this time. My faithful servant at Hogwarts had my daughter make the potion, and her magic was an important part of it. She has been of help to me in many ways, more than she really knows.

   “My father’s bone, naturally, meant that we would have to come here, where he was buried. But the blood of a foe… Wormtail would have had me use any wizard, would you not, Wormtail? Any wizard who hated me… as so many of them still do. But I knew the one I must use, if I was to rise again, more powerful than I had been when I had fallen. I wanted Harry Potter’s blood. I wanted the blood of the one who had stripped me of power thirteen years ago… for the lingering protection his mother once gave him would then reside in my veins too….

   “But how to get at Harry Potter? For he has been better protected than I think even he knows, protected in ways devised by Dumbledore long ago, when it fell to him to arrange the boy’s future. Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic, to ensure the boy’s protection as long as he is in his relations’ care. Not even I can touch him there…. Then, of course, there was the Quidditch World Cup…. I thought his protection might be weaker there, away from his relations and Dumbledore, but I was not yet strong enough to attempt kidnap in the midst of a horde of Ministry wizards. And then, the boy would return to Hogwarts, where he is under the crooked nose of that Muggle-loving fool from morning until night. So how could I take him?

   “Why… by using Bertha Jorkins’s information, of course. Use my one faithful Death Eater, stationed at Hogwarts, to ensure that the boy’s name was entered into the Goblet of Fire. Use my Death Eater to ensure that the boy won the tournament — that he touched the Triwizard Cup first — the cup which my Death Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore’s help and protection, and into my waiting arms. And here he is… the boy you all believed had been my downfall….”

   He now faced Harry Potter, and with joy, he raised his wand. “
  
    Crucio
  
  !”

   The boy screamed once again, twitching and writhing as much as he could move when bound so tightly. Voldemort dropped his arm and Harry hung limply. The air rang with the laughter of the Death Eaters.

   “You see,” Voldemort said, “I think, how foolish it was to suppose that this boy could ever have been stronger than me. But I want there to be no mistake in anybody’s mind. Harry Potter escaped me by a lucky chance. And I am now going to prove my power by killing him, here and now, in front of you all, when there is no Dumbledore to help him, and no mother to die for him. I will give him his chance. He will be allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt which of us is the stronger. Just a little longer, Nagini,” he whispered to his impatient snake, who slithered away to where the Death Eaters stood.

   “Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back his wand.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
   Wormtail eagerly approached Harry, who scrambled to his feet just before the gag was taken out of his mouth and the ropes were cut.

   The Death Eaters closed up the spaces between them as he stood and looked around him. Wormtail found his wand off to the side and came back, thrusting it at Harry and returning to his spot in the circle.

   This was going to be fun… “You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?” Voldemort asked softly.

   The boy didn’t answer, just standing where he was. His thoughts were open to him, and he smiled to see that he knew he was going to die. There was nothing he could do to save himself from him.

   It looked like he needed one last school lesson…. “We bow to each other, Harry,” he said, bending a little while keeping his head up to watch the boy. “Come, the niceties must be observed…. Dumbledore would like you to show manners…. Bow to death, Harry….”

   Voldemort smiled as his Death Eaters laughed. Harry didn’t obey, he just stared back as defiantly as ever. Now, that could not be tolerated at Hogwarts, especially not if he had become a teacher as he was supposed to….

   “I said, bow,” he said, raising his wand once again. He watched as Harry bent forward, pushed by the invisible force of his magic. The Death Eaters could have fallen over, they were laughing so hard.

   “Very good,” he said softly, raising his wand. He and Harry stood up. “And now you face me, like a man… straight-backed and proud, the way your father died….

   “And now — we duel.”

   He raised his wand and hit Harry with the Cruciatus Curse once again. The boy fell over and screamed loudly. Voldemort released the boy from his torture, and he instantly scrambled to his feet, shaking uncontrollably. He staggered into the wall of Death Eaters who pushed him back towards Voldemort, stumbling over an injured leg.

   “A little break,” Voldemort said excitedly, “a little pause… That hurt, didn’t it, Harry? You don’t want me to do that again, do you?”

   He didn’t answer. Would he ever say anything to him? A few last words?

   Voldemort was losing patience. “I asked you whether you want me to do that again. Answer me! Imperio!” He entered into his mind, telling him; just answer no… say no… just answer no….

   But he fought the curse, fought the voice, and broke free of it shouting, “I won’t!”

   Nobody laughed. Voldemort frowned… perhaps he was stronger than he thought. A second Cruciatus should loosen him up a bit. “You won’t? You won’t say no? Harry, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before you die…. Perhaps another little dose of pain?”

   Voldemort raised his wand, but Harry flung himself sideways and rolled behind Tom Riddle Sr.’s headstone, the curse just missing him.

   Games… what a child…. “We are not playing hide-and-seek, Harry,” he said, walking over to the headstone. “You cannot hide from me. Does this mean you are tired of our duel? Does this mean that you would prefer me to finish it now, Harry? Come out, Harry… come out and play, then… it will be quick… it might even be painless… I would not know… I have never died….” And will never die… he would be happy, in fact, if he could just kill Harry now.

   Just before he went to look around the headstone, Harry stood and walked around to face him, a new determination in his eyes.

   As Harry shouted, “
  
    Expelliarmus
  
  !” Voldemort cried, “
  
    Avada Kedavra
  
  !”

   Green light emitted from Voldemort’s wand as red light shot from Harry’s wand… and they met in midair, electrically fighting each other. Voldemort’s wand started to shake in his hand. He and Harry had to hold their wands with both hands. A narrow beam of light connected the wands, but it was neither green nor red… rather a very bright, deep gold.

   Suddenly, the two of them were lifted into the air and moved away from the headstone to a patch of ground that was clear of graves. The Death Eaters shouted, asking Voldemort for instructions on what to do, they were so aghast at what was happening and formed a circle around them on the ground. They took out their wands.

   The golden thread suddenly splintered, though the wands were still connected, and thousands of beams arced high above them. They crisscrossed all around them until it enclosed them within a golden, dome-shaped web.

   “Do nothing!” Voldemort shouted out to the Death Eaters, wondering if they could hear them through the dome which seemed to muffle their own shouts. “Do nothing unless I command you!”

   The threads began a beautiful song, then… 
  
    is that a phoenix song?
  
   Their wand cores….

  It became harder to keep control over the wand, it vibrated so uncontrollably that Voldemort felt as though he were holding on for dear life. Harry was weak from the curses he’d thrown at him, so how was he still holding on so tightly?

   A line of beads was formed somewhere in the midst of it and, without knowing for certain what it was, forced it towards Harry. As they moved toward him, Harry gave a look of furious concentration and the beads halted. Then they started moving back toward Voldemort, whose fear of losing against Harry Potter once again grew. His wand began to vibrate even more heavily, his wand grew to be burning hot beneath his fingers.

   Slowly, the beads of light moved into his own wand… then it trembled for a short moment… and connected.

   From his wand, he heard familiar screams of pain… of some of the people that he’d personally killed. His eyes widened with shock as a dense, smoky hand flew out of the tip and vanished. It was a ghost of the hand he’d made for Wormtail… then, there were more shouts of pain, and something bigger came out of his wand.

   The boy that he’d killed, who had come to the graveyard with Harry Potter, was there… a ghost. He said, “Hold on, Harry!”

   Harry looked at Voldemort, a look of confusion on his own face.

   Another scream of pain, and the old man he’d killed in the Riddle House… the caretaker… pushed himself out of his wand. He fell next to the ghost of the other boy, surveyed the scene before him while leaning against his walking stick.

   He looked at Voldemort, “He was a real wizard, then? Killed me, that one did…. You fight him, boy….”

   Another head emerged — Bertha Jorkins!

   “Don’t let go!” she cried. “Don’t let him get you, Harry — don’t let go!”

   What was happening?

   The three figures paced around the web, giving glares at Voldemort and cries of encouragement to Harry.

   Then another person emerged… the smoky shadow of a tall man with untidy hair. James Potter…. Voldemort knew this wasn’t going to be good.

   James said something quietly to his son, who looked at him with shocked numbness.

  Then 
  
    she
  
   came… the woman who had sacrificed herself for Harry… Lily Potter. She straightened herself once she landed next to James and walked over to Harry, and spoke quietly in his ear. James and the other boy whispered to him as well… then….

   “Now!” Harry yelled, pulling his wand upward.

   They landed to the ground, and Voldemort’s sight was instantly blocked by the ghosts of the people he’d killed. He tried to move around, but the ghosts were intent on keeping him in. It was as if they could physically keep him blocked in as they glared heavily at him. He finally shouted out “Stun him!” for his Death Eaters. He could not let him get away again!

   He heard a shout of “
  
    Impedimenta
  
  !” from the boy and heard a yell. If only he could get out!

   The gray ghosts faded away and he looked around. His Death Eaters were closing in around the headstone Harry had to be hiding behind. “Stand aside! I will kill him! He is mine!” he shouted, pushing the Death Eaters out of his way.

   Harry stood next to the other boy’s dead body, his hand closed around his wrist. Voldemort smiled and raised his wand.

   However… Harry yelled “
  
    Accio
  
  !” and the Triwizard Cup that had brought him there flew to his hand…… He disappeared along with Voldemort’s revenge. He gave a scream of absolute fury into the silent night.
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I instantly sat up with a gasp. What? Where am I? Oh… the hospital wing… oh no! I jumped out of bed and bolted out, hearing Madam Pomfrey’s shouts behind me.
  
    Chapter Text
    I ran through the hallways of Hogwarts, empty due to everyone being at the Quidditch field waiting for the winners to get the Triwizard Cup and come out champions. All the while, I ran things through my head from the vision I’d seen.
  Cedric Diggory is dead… at least I didn’t see 
  
    that
  
   happen… but it’s so terrible. He was in his last year here, he had his whole life ahead of him — damn, I should’ve expected the two of them to pair off together to grab the cup! Oh God…. and if Severus is not careful, dad may kill him too….
The words, “One, who I believe has left me forever… he will be killed, of course” hit me hard. I had to find some way to save him from that fate… Karkaroff had to pay for his cowardice, which was obviously going to be death as well, but I could’ve cared less about him. He could probably keep himself safe, he was so cowardly.I turned the corner onto the marble staircase and nearly ran smack into ‘Professor Moody’ while he half carried Harry through the halls. When we halted in our steps, we glared shortly at each other.“Not now, Riddle,” he shoved me out of the way as continued. His peg leg clunked heavily against the floor as he asked Harry, “And then?”Harry replied, limping along, “Made a potion… got his body back….”I quickly began to run down the stairs. Have to tell someone! He can’t kill Harry! Have to —A hand had slapped over my mouth, and I was dragged into a dark corner before I could even finish thinking it through. I relaxed as I recognized the smell of herbs, and the hand was promptly taken away once it was clear I wasn’t about to scream. It was Severus. Professors McGonagall and Dumbledore were with him as well.“How was Moody acting just now?” they all asked urgently. I guessed he did something drastic to imply that he wasn’t who they thought he was. Dumbledore… the look he had on his face was terrifying. The fury in his eyes was unbelievable! No wonder dad feared him so.“Very strange…” I said softly. “Harry looked to be in pretty bad shape, but he was brutally pulling him through the hallways.”Severus grabbed my arm and dragged me with them to the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher’s office. Wow, I didn’t think I’d be let in on the fun! However, as we hurried, Severus asked me in a harsh whisper, “Why aren’t you in the hospital wing?”“Why was I in the hospital wing?” I snapped back.“You collapsed,” he said.“And collapsing is dangerous now, is it?”“No one understood why it happened. I brought you to Madam Pomfrey so she could take care of you.”I snorted.We reached the door and waited just outside, knowing the door would most likely be padlocked, but were able to hear everything going on inside.“There’s a Death Eater at Hogwarts!” we heard Harry shout out. “There’s a Death Eater here — they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, they made sure I got through to the end —”There was a sound like someone was pushed roughly back into their seat.‘Moody’ spoke in a quiet tone. “I know who the Death Eater is.”“Karkaroff? Where is he? Have you got him? Is he locked up?”“Karkaroff?” ‘Moody’ laughed. “Karkaroff fled tonight, when he felt the Dark Mark burn upon his arm. He betrayed too many faithful supporters of the Dark Lord to wish to meet them… but I doubt he will get far. The Dark Lord has ways of tracking his enemies.”“Karkaroff’s gone? He ran away? But then — he didn’t put my name in the goblet?”“No. No, he didn’t. It was I who did that.”“No, you didn’t,” Harry didn’t believe him. Well, why wouldn’t he? He thought he was close to him! I glanced at Severus whose mouth tightened to a thin line… Dumbledore had to hold McGonagall back, wanting to hear more. “You didn’t do that… you can’t have done…”“I assure you I did.”Professor Dumbledore quickly linked hands with Professor McGonagall, she and Severus linked hands with me. I felt a cool trickle down my back, and then we were invisible — like, really invisible. Professor Dumbledore was producing a very powerful Disillusionment Charm… ah, in case ‘Moody’ looks through the walls to be sure no one is listening in.The pause was deafening, and then ‘Moody’ spoke again. “He forgave them then? The Death Eaters who went free? The ones who escaped Azkaban?”“What?”“I asked you whether he forgave the scum who never even went to look for him. Those treacherous cowards who wouldn’t even brave Azkaban for him. The faithless, worthless bits of filth who were brave enough to cavort in mask at the Quidditch World Cup, but fled at the sight of the Dark Mark when I fired it into the sky.”“You fired… What are you talking about…?”“I told you, Harry… I told you. If there’s one thing I hate more than any other, it’s a Death Eater who walked free. They turned their backs on my master when he needed them most. I expected him to punish them. I expected him to torture them. Tell me he hurt them, Harry…. Tell me he told them that I, I alone remained faithful… prepared to risk everything to deliver to him the one thing he wanted above all… you.”“You didn’t… it — it can’t be you….”“Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the name of a different school? I did. Who frightened off every person I thought might try to hurt you or prevent you from winning the tournament? I did. Who nudged Hagrid into showing you the dragons? I did. Who helped you see the only way you could beat the dragon? I did.“It hasn’t been easy, Harry, guiding you through these tasks without arousing suspicion. I have had to use every ounce of cunning I possess, so that my hand would not be detectable in your success. Dumbledore would have been very suspicious if you had managed everything too easily. As long as you got into that maze, preferably with a decent head start — then, I knew, I would have a chance of getting rid of the other champions and leaving your way clear. But I also had to contend with your stupidity. The second task… that was when I was most afraid we would fail. I was keeping watch on you, Potter. I knew you hadn’t worked out the egg’s clue, so I had to give you another hint —”“You didn’t. Cedric gave me the clue —”“Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did. I trusted that he would pass the information on to you. Decent people are so easy to manipulate, Potter. I was sure Cedric would want to repay you for telling him about the dragons, and so he did. But even then, Potter, even then you seemed likely to fail. I was watching all the time… all those hours in the library. Didn’t you realize that the book you needed was in your dormitory all along? I planted it there early on, I gave it to the Longbottom boy, don’t you remember? Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean. It would have told you all you needed to know about gillyweed. I expected you to ask everyone and anyone you could for help. Longbottom would have told you in an instant. But you did not… you did not…. You have a streak of pride and independence that might have ruined all.“So what could I do? Feed you information from another innocent source. You told me at the Yule Ball a house-elf called Dobby had given you a Christmas present. I called the elf to the staffroom to collect some robes for cleaning. I staged a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostages who had been taken, and whether Potter would think to use gillyweed. And your little elf friend ran straight to Snape’s office and then hurried to find you….”The Disillusionment Charm was taken off and the three teachers faced the door, ready to take action with Professor Dumbledore in front. Severus held me back with his arm. Of course, of course, the girl who collapsed earlier is completely incapable of helping! Keep her off to the side! I thought sarcastically.“You were so long in that lake, Potter, I thought you had drowned. But luckily, Dumbledore took your idiocy for nobility, and marked you high for it. I breathed again.“You had an easier time of it than you should have in that maze tonight, of course. I was patrolling around it, able to see through the outer hedges, able to curse many obstacles out of your way. I Stunned Fleur Delacour as she passed. I put the Imperius Curse on Krum, so that he would finish Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear.”There was a pause, so silent that it was deafening. It interested me to know how he made the maze work out for Harry.‘Professor Moody’ finally continued telling Harry everything about what he did. “The Dark Lord didn’t manage to kill you, Potter, and he so wanted to. Imagine how he will reward me when he finds I have done it for him. I gave you to him — the thing he needed above all to regenerate — and then I killed you for him. I will be honored beyond all other Death Eaters. I will be his dearest, his closest supporter… closer than a son….“The Dark Lord and I have much in common. Both of us, for instance, had very disappointing fathers… very disappointing indeed. Both of us suffered the indignity, Harry, of being named after those fathers. And both of us had the pleasure… the very great pleasure… of killing our fathers to ensure the continued rise of the Dark Order!”“You’re mad, you’re mad!” Harry said. He’d been so quiet, I almost forgot he was there.“Mad, am I? We’ll see! We’ll see who’s mad, now that the Dark Lord has returned, with me at his side! He is back, Harry Potter, you did not conquer him — and now — I conquer you!”“Stupefy!” the three wizards beside me shouted, the spells crashing through the door. Something heavy hit the floor on the other side.The three of them stepped in. I went over to lean against the doorway as Professor Dumbledore kicked ‘Professor Moody’ over on his back. Severus walked past him and glared into a Foe-Glass. Professor McGonagall rushed right over to Harry, who sat in a chair looking extremely traumatized. What a night for him…“Come along, Potter,” Professor McGonagall whispered to him. “Come along… hospital wing…”“No,” Professor Dumbledore said sharply.“Dumbledore, he ought to — look at him — he’s been through enough tonight —”“He will stay, Minerva, because he needs to understand. Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. He needs to know who has put him through the ordeal he has suffered tonight, and why.”“Moody,” Harry said in disbelief. “How can it have been Moody?”“This is not Alastor Moody,” Professor Dumbledore answered quietly. “You have never known Alastor Moody. The real Moody would not have removed you from my sight after what happened tonight. The moment he took you, I knew — and I followed.”He bent down and placed a hand inside Moody’s robes, pulling out the hip flask and a set of keys on a ring. The keys to the trunk that held the true Alastor Moody.“Severus, please fetch me the strongest Truth Potion you possess, and then go down to the kitchens and bring up the house-elf called Winky. Minerva, kindly go down to Hagrid’s house, where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch.” Sirius! I thought with wonder. “Take the dog up to my office, tell him I will be with him shortly, then come back here. Melody, return to the hospital wing and allow Madam Pomfrey to attend to you.”“What? But —”He gave me such a surprisingly dark look that I instantly walked out without another word. Severus came up next to me.“I trust I don’t have to escort you to the hospital wing,” he said smoothly.“I’ll just go back to my common room. It’s —”“No, you will not. You are going straight to the hospital wing!”“I only collapsed! I didn’t get a concussion like last year! I mean, gosh, imagine being in the hospital because I probably didn’t drink enough water!”“It had to be something more than just dehydration,” Severus said, taking hold of my wrist and stopping me from continuing in the direction of the dungeons. “Your friends poured water on you and you wouldn’t wake up. If it had been —”My eyes widened in confusion. “Wait… I wouldn’t wake up at all? How much water did they pour on me?”“They only needed a little bit of cold water to wake you. Even then…”
  But it was only a vision… a — well… I was seeing things from dad’s point of view, which isn’t what normally happens…. Usually, I’m a bystander. A camera of sorts…. What made this time so different?
His worry left me with no other choice. “Fine… I’ll go back to the hospital wing….”“I’ll be there later, quite possibly with your mother if —”“Oh, no, no. Don’t bother her for any reason… I’m sure I’ll be fine….”Severus released his grip on my wrist and we parted ways.
  
    Chapter Text
    “I don’t know,” I said in response to Madam Pomfrey’s numerous questions about why I collapsed. “All I know is it happened and I didn’t wake up until I was in here —”“It could have been the crowd — did you feel claustrophobic?”“No, I was fine, I —”“Have you been getting enough sleep?”“Yeah, I went to bed at — like — ten last night and —”“How much water did you drink today?”“I didn’t eat or drink —”“You didn’t?” she gave me a disapproving look.“Okay, look, I wasn’t hungry —”Madam Pomfrey tsked and walked out the room, leaving me sitting on the hospital wing bed. I shouldn’t even be here. I had a vision is all… though I can’t really tell anyone that… at all. No one even knows that I have visions except for dad, Marcus and Professor Trelawney.I sighed, scooting back to lean against the bedpost. The real Alastor Moody, I noticed, lay motionless in a bed at the far end of the room, his wooden leg and magical eye lying on the bedside table. “I’m sorry, Mr. Moody…” I murmured softly.Returning from her office, Madam Pomfrey held a tray of food and a glass of water. To think that she actually had that at hand for just such an occasion.“No,” I said instantly.“My dear, you need to eat —”“I’m not hungry. Don’t give it to me. Even if I eat it I’ll just throw it up.”She gave me a look, “Are you all right?”I groaned, “Why is everyone asking me that? I’m fine! I’ll eat something tomorrow, for heaven’s sake. I’m just not hungry today.”Her mouth pursed into a thin line. “At least have some water,” she said, coming over and placing the glass down on the table next to me. “There has to be some reason as to why you’re not hungry. It could be an overflow of stress or anxiety, but your exams are all over.”“Nothing is wrong, Madam Pomfrey. You probably have some more important things to do now than to take care of me.”She shook her head before placing the food tray down onto the table next to me, and bustled over to her office. I sighed, looking at the food she left next to me. I still wasn’t hungry.The doors to the hospital wing burst open, and Severus came marching in. His eyes glittered almost murderously.“What’s got you looking so out of sorts?” I asked casually.“Are you —”“If you ask me about whether I’m all right or not, I might just blow up.”He pulled a seat up next to me and sat down, taking hold of my arm. He gave a concentrated frown and looked at me about as inquisitively as I was looking at him.“What’s this about?” I asked.“Potter is telling Dumbledore about the Dark Lord’s return. I heard through the door, perhaps wrongly, that the Dark Lord told his Death Eaters that your magic was used in the potion that revived him… except you seem quite healthy, and your magic is at full potential.”I swallowed. I had forgotten about that part. Not only that, but if they heard the whole story induced from the Truth Potion, then there’s no escaping one specific detail… “Well…. I guess I have no choice… Becky and I were about to go to the library earlier this month, and he grabbed me and went off with me for the day. He threatened that no one should know he took some of my magic for this huge potion… I had to console Becky into not telling anyone about it, because I didn’t want it getting back to you knowing you would be very angry about it. And….”“He risked your life in order to give your magic to the Dark Lord….” He certainly got steamy fast.Hey, maybe I can get him to finally tell me…. “Except, why my magic? It may be strong, but wouldn’t he need magic from someone related to him in order to —”Severus’ face went white, but he was saved from having to answer. Into the hospital wing came Ron, Hermione, another Weasley kid that I hadn’t met, and Mrs. Weasley. They all had this terrified look on their faces.Mrs. Weasley turned to us. “Is Harry here yet?”I shook my head.“He should —” no doubt, Severus was about to say that he should be here shortly, but Mrs. Weasley had already begun to ignore us.“Madam Pomfrey!” she shouted.Madam Pomfrey came rushing out, and they all crowded around her, harassing her with hundreds of questions that I could hardly hear. They were each asked at the same time, so I could only make out Harry’s name amidst all the chaos.Suddenly, they all whipped around as the hospital wing doors opened once again to reveal Professor Dumbledore, an injured Harry, and Sirius in his form of a great black dog.Mrs. Weasley let out a muffled sort of scream, “Harry! Oh, Harry!” She started to hurry towards him, but Professor Dumbledore immediately stepped in between her and Harry.He held up a hand, “Molly, please listen to me for a moment. Harry has been through a terrible ordeal tonight. He has just had to relive it for me. What he needs now is sleep, and peace, and quiet. If he would like you all to stay with him,” he looked at the others in the room, excepting Severus and I, “you may do so. But I do not want you questioning him until he is ready to answer, and certainly not this evening.”Mrs. Weasley nodded and then rounded on Ron and Hermione as if they were being naughty. “Did you hear? He needs quiet!”“Headmaster,” Madam Pomfrey said tentatively, staring at the black dog, “may I ask what —?”“This dog will be remaining with Harry for a while,” he said. “I assure you, he is extremely well trained. Harry — I will wait while you get into bed. I will be back to see you as soon as I have met with Fudge, Harry. I would like you to remain here tomorrow until I have spoken to the school.” He gave one short glance towards me before he left the room.Madam Pomfrey led Harry to the bed next to mine, and he stared across the room at Moody.“Is he okay?” he asked.“He’ll be fine,” Madam Pomfrey told him, giving him some pajamas and pulling screens around him. She went back to her office. At the sound of him settling himself into bed, the Weasleys, Sirius and Hermione walked in until they were all hidden behind the screens.“I’m all right,” I heard Harry say. “Just tired.”Madam Pomfrey came back from her office to behind the screens with a small bottle of purple potion — a Sleeping Draught — and a goblet. “You’ll need to drink all of this, Harry,” she said. “It’s a potion for dreamless sleep.”Soon, she returned from behind the screens and looked to Severus and I. “Are you staying long?”He shook his head, standing up. “I’ll be back.”“Where are you going?” I asked.“I will meet with Professor McGonagall, and help keep watch over Crouch. The minister should be with them soon.”I nodded as he swept out of the room.Hermione and Ron poked their heads out from behind the screens. “What happened to you?” Ron asked. Sounds like I look horrible…“I collapsed during the third task.”“And haven’t eaten anything all day,” Madam Pomfrey added scornfully.“I’m not hungry!” I growled at her, my anger felt like it just sprouted up out of nowhere.Madam Pomfrey looked so appalled that, had I not seen it under such circumstances, I probably would have laughed. Even Ron and Hermione stared at me with major concern….⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Sometime later, the food had gotten cold and Madam Pomfrey snatched it up, muttering something under her breath about stubbornness. In the hallways, I could hear loud shouting getting closer and closer with each loud remark. They were muffled, but seemed to become even clearer every second.“They’ll wake him up if they don’t shut up!” Mrs. Weasley said.“What are they shouting about? Nothing else can have happened, can it?” asked the older Weasley boy. Throughout the conversations I’d been listening in on, I’d made out Mrs. Weasley and Ron calling him Bill.“That’s Fudge’s voice,” Mrs. Weasley whispered. “And that’s Minerva McGonagall’s, isn’t it? But what are they arguing about?”The two voices were finally clear as day. “Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva —” Fudge was saying.“You should never have brought it inside the castle!” Professor McGonagall replied angrily. “When Dumbledore finds out —”The hospital doors burst open. Bill pulled back the screen and Harry, unnoticed by most everyone but me, sat up and put his glasses on. Fudge strode in with Professor McGonagall and Severus at his side. Wait… I thought, aren’t Severus and Professor McGonagall supposed to be watching over…? Who’s making sure he doesn’t get away?Fudge turned to Mrs. Weasley and demanded, “Where’s Dumbledore?”Mrs. Weasley was now red with anger, though not so much as Professor McGonagall. “He’s not here. This is a hospital wing. Minister, don’t you think you’d do better to —”The door opened, and who else but Professor Dumbledore walked in? “What has happened?” he asked sharply, looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall. “Why are you disturbing these people? Minerva, I’m surprised at you — I asked you to stand guard over Barty Crouch —”“There is no need to stand guard over him anymore, Dumbledore!” Professor McGonagall shrieked indignantly, trembling furiously. “The Minister has seen to that!”
  W-
  
    What
  
  …? What does she mean by that??
Severus explained coolly, “When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight’s events, he seemed to feel his personal safety was in question. He insisted on summoning a Dementor to accompany him into the castle. He brought it up to the office where Barty Crouch —”Professor McGonagall cut him off, “I told him you would not agree, Dumbledore! I told him you would never allow Dementors to set foot inside the castle, but —”“My dear woman!” Fudge roared angrily. “As Minister of Magic, it is my decision whether I wish to bring protection with me when interviewing a possibly dangerous —”But her voice drowned him out. “The moment that — that thing entered the room, it swooped down on Crouch and — and —”Oh crap… I thought, feeling chilled. The chill spread all throughout my body as guilt ate at my heart. That… that wasn’t supposed to happen. What the hell? It’s all my fault… I thought he’d just be sent to Azkaban… not… not this. This wasn’t part of the plan.“By all accounts, he is no loss! It seems he has been responsible for several deaths.”“But he cannot now give testimony, Cornelius,” Professor Dumbledore said, staring at him as though seeing him in a whole new light. “He cannot give evidence about why he killed those people.”“Why he killed them? Well, that’s no mystery, is it? He was a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severus have told me, he seems to have thought he was doing it all on You-Know-Who’s instructions!”“Lord Voldemort was giving him instructions, Cornelius. Those peoples’ deaths were mere by-products of a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again. The plan succeeded. Voldemort has been restored to his body.”Fudge seemed as though he’d just been punched several times in the stomach. Dazed and blinking, he began to sputter, goggling unbelievingly at Professor Dumbledore. “You-Know-Who… returned? Preposterous. Come now, Dumbledore…”“As Minerva and Severus have doubtless told you, we heard Barty Crouch confess. Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort — learning of his continued existence from Bertha Jorkins — went to free him from his father and used him to capture Harry. The plan worked, I tell you. Crouch has helped Voldemort to return.”“See here, Dumbledore,” Fudge replied, strangely enough, with a smile on his face, “you — you can’t seriously believe that You-Know-Who — back? Come now, come now… certainly, Crouch may have believed himself to be acting upon You-Know-Who’s orders — but to take the word of a lunatic like that, Dumbledore…”“When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he was transported straight to Voldemort,” Professor Dumbledore said, steadier than I thought possible while trying to explain something that so obviously happened. “He witnessed Lord Voldemort’s rebirth. I will explain it all to you if you will step up to my office. He glanced at Harry, just noticing he was awake, and shook his head. “I am afraid I cannot permit you to question Harry tonight.”Fudge’s smile continued to linger as he, too, glanced at Harry and then looked back at Professor Dumbledore. “You are — er — prepared to take Harry’s word on this, are you, Dumbledore?”There was a moment of silence, broken by Sirius’ growls.“Certainly, I believe Harry. I heard Crouch’s confession, and I heard Harry’s account of what happened after he touched the Triwizard Cup; the two stories make sense, they explain everything that has happened since Bertha Jorkins disappeared last summer.”Fudge once again glanced at Harry. “You are prepared to believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a boy who… well….”“You’ve been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge,” Harry said quietly. Hermione and the Weasleys jumped, just noticing that he was awake.Fudge’s face reddened, but he still looked defiant. “And if I have?” he asked, now looking at Professor Dumbledore. “If I have discovered that you’ve been keeping certain facts about the boy very quiet? A Parselmouth, eh? And having funny turns all over the place —”“I assume that you are referring to the pains Harry has been experiencing in his scar?”“You admit that he has been having these pains, then? Headaches? Nightmares? Possible — hallucinations?”“Listen to me, Cornelius,” Professor Dumbledore said, taking a step toward Fudge and emanating that familiar aura of strong power as had been shown around ‘Professor Moody.’ “Harry is as sane as you or I. That scar upon his forehead has not addled his brains. I believe it hurts him when Lord Voldemort is close by, or feeling particularly murderous.”Fudge took a step back, looking no less stubborn. “You’ll forgive me, Dumbledore, but I’ve never heard of a curse scar acting as an alarm bell before….”Harry blew up. “Look, I saw Voldemort come back!” He tried to get up, but Mrs. Weasley pushed and held him down. “I saw the Death Eaters! I can give you their names! Lucius Malfoy —”Severus made a sudden movement, but when I looked at him his eyes had returned to Fudge.“Malfoy was cleared!” Fudge said. “A very old family — donations to excellent causes —”“Macnair!”“Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry!”“Avery — Nott — Crabbe — Goyle —”“You are merely repeating the names of those who were acquitted of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago! You could have found those names in old reports of the trials! For heaven's sake, Dumbledore — the boy was full of some crackpot story at the end of last year too — his tales are getting taller, and you’re still swallowing them — the boy can talk to snakes, Dumbledore, and you still think he’s trustworthy!”“You fool!” Professor McGonagall cried out. “Cedric Diggory! Mr. Crouch! These deaths were not the random work of a lunatic!”“I see no evidence to the contrary!” Fudge’s face now began to turn purple. “It seems to me that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have worked for these last thirteen years!”Professor Dumbledore repeated, “Voldemort has returned. If you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation. The first and most essential step is to remove Azkaban from the control of the Dementors —”“Preposterous! Remove the Dementors? I’d be kicked out of office for suggesting it! Half of us only feel safe in our beds at night because we know the Dementors are standing guard at Azkaban!”“The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, Cornelius, knowing that you have put Lord Voldemort’s most dangerous supporters in the care of creatures who will join him the instant he asks them! They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more scope for their powers and their pleasures than you can! With the Dementors behind him, and his old supporters returned to him, you will be hard-pressed to stop him regaining the sort of power he had thirteen years ago!” Professor Dumbledore’s anger continued to amaze me, and obviously Fudge as well. “The second step you must take — and at once — is to send envoys to the giants.”“Envoys to the giants? What madness is this?”“Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is too late, or Voldemort will persuade them, as he did before, that he alone among wizards will give them their rights and their freedom!”“You — you cannot be serious!” Fudge was shaking his head, and retreating further from Professor Dumbledore. This won’t end well… I thought. “If the magical community got wind that I had approached the giants — people hate them, Dumbledore — end of my career —”
   Career before safety… ugh, what a horrible society this is!
Professor Dumbledore’s voice rose dangerously. “You are blinded by the love of the office you hold, Cornelius! You place too much importance , and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be! Your Dementor has just destroyed the last remaining member of a pure-blood family as old as any — and see what that man chose to make of his life! I tell you now — take the steps I have suggested, and you will be remembered, in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest Ministers of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act — and history will remember you as the man who stepped aside and allowed Voldemort a second chance to destroy the world we have tried to rebuild!”“Insane,” Fudge whispered, continuing to back away. “Mad…”Silence……“If your determination to shut your eyes will carry you as far as this, Cornelius, we have reached a parting of the ways. You must act as you see fit. And I — I shall act as I see fit.”Fudge bristled angrily, as though Professor Dumbledore had threatened him. He waved a threatening finger at him, “Now, see here, Dumbledore, I’ve given you free reign, always. I’ve had a lot of respect for you. I might not have agreed with some of your decisions, but I’ve kept quiet. There aren’t many who’d have let you hire werewolves, or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach your students without reference to the Ministry. But if you’re going to work against me —”“The only one against whom I intend to work is Lord Voldemort. If you are against him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side.”Fudge seemed to have a hard time finding a reply to this. He rocked back and forth on his feet, spinning his bowler hat in his hands. Finally, he spoke, “He can’t be back, Dumbledore, he just can’t be…”Suddenly, Severus strode forward toward Fudge, pulling up the left sleeve up his robes. Fudge recoiled as he showed him the Dark Mark. “There,” he said harshly. “There. The Dark Mark. It is not as clear as it was an hour or so ago, when it burned black, but you can still see it. Every Death Eater had the sign burned into him by the Dark Lord. It was a means of distinguishing one another, and his means of summoning us to him. When he touched the Mark of any Death Eater, we were to Disapparate, and Apparate, instantly, at his side. This Mark has been growing clearer all year. Karkaroff’s too. Why do you think Karkaroff fled tonight? We both felt the Mark burn. We both knew he had returned. Karkaroff fears the Dark Lord’s vengeance. He betrayed too many of his fellow Death Eaters to be sure of a welcome back into the fold.”Fudge stepped back from Severus, shaking his head in absolute denial. He stared in disgust at his arm and then returned his gaze to Professor Dumbledore. He whispered, “I don’t know what you and your staff are playing at, Dumbledore, but I have heard enough, I have no more to add. I will be in touch with you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to discuss the running of this school. I must return to the Ministry.” He almost reached the door when he paused and turned to Harry, striding back over to him to place a small bag on the bedside table with a clink. “Your winnings. One thousand Galleons. There should have been a presentation ceremony, but under the circumstances…” Then he forcefully pushed his bowler hat atop his head and — after a long glance at me — walked out, slamming the door behind him.I almost wasn’t certain about what just happened. The Ministry would now go against Professor Dumbledore with everything they’ve got. They obviously wouldn’t win, but they certainly had guts… and what was that look at me for?Professor Dumbledore looked over at the group surrounding Harry’s bed. “There is work to be done. Molly… am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?”“Of course you can,” Mrs. Weasley said. “We know what Fudge is. It’s Arthur’s fondness for Muggles that has held him back at the Ministry all these years. Fudge thinks he lacks proper wizarding pride.”“Then I need to send a message to Arthur. All those that we can persuade of the truth must be notified immediately, and he is well placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as shortsighted as Cornelius.”Bill stood up, “I’ll go to dad. I’ll go now.”“Excellent. Tell him what has happened. Tell him I will be in direct contact with him shortly. He will need to be discreet, however. If Fudge thinks I am interfering at the Ministry —”“Leave it to me.” He then clapped a hand on Harry’s shoulder, kissed his mother on the cheek, pulled on his cloak and left the room.“Minerva,” Professor Dumbledore said, turning to Professor McGonagall. “I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. Also — if she will consent to come — Madame Maxime.”Professor McGonagall nodded and then left.“Poppy,” he now said to Madam Pomfrey, “would you be very kind and go down to Professor Moody’s office, where I think you will find a house-elf called Winky in considerable distress? Do what you can for her, and take her back to the kitchen. I think Dobby will look after her for us.”“Very — very well,” Madam Pomfrey responded, looking startled. She, too, left.Professor Dumbledore stood by the door and waited until the footsteps had died away before speaking again. “And now, it is time for two of our number to recognize each other for what they are. Sirius… if you could resume your usual form.”Sirius looked at him, as though to make sure he heard correctly, and instantly transformed into a man.Mrs. Weasley screamed and jumped up from the bed, “Sirius Black!” She pointed at him in terror.“Mum, shut up!” Ron yelled out. “It’s okay!”Severus just had a mingled look of fury and horror on his face. Funny, I nearly expected him to point at him and shout out unintelligible things. But he did shout out, “Him! What is he doing here?”“He is here at my invitation,” Professor Dumbledore replied, looking between the two of them, “as are you, Severus. I trust you both. It is time for you to lay aside your old differences and trust each other.”Severus and Sirius continued to eye each other with absolute loathing.Professor Dumbledore began to get a little impatient. “I will settle, in the short term, for a lack of open hostility. You will shake hands. You are on the same side now. Time is short, and unless the few of us who know the truth do not stand united, there is no hope for any of us.”Well, while they still glared at each other with the power of all the illnesses of the world they, nonetheless, slowly moved toward each other and shook hands. They let go almost instantly.Professor Dumbledore stepped between them once more. “That will do to be going on with. Now I have work for each of you. Fudge’s attitude, though not unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, I need you to set off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher — the old crowd. Lie low at Lupin’s for a while; I will contact you there.”“But —” Harry began to say.Sirius turned to him with a gentle smile, “You’ll see me very soon, Harry. I promise you. But I must do what I can, you understand, don’t you?”“Yeah. Yeah… of course I do.”Sirius briefly clasped his hand, nodded to Professor Dumbledore and then transformed back into a black dog. When he left, he turned the handle with his paw and disappeared from sight.Professor Dumbledore turned to Severus, and I watched this interaction closely. “Severus, you know what I must ask you to do. If you are ready… if you are prepared…”Severus’ face turned pale, but he looked back with determination. “I am.”“Then good luck.”“Wait!” I yelled, causing Severus to turn to me with barely suppressed panic. “Don’t… don’t go….”“I must.”As Severus swept from the room, with everyone watching him, I donned the Disillusionment Charm on myself and snuck out after him. I didn’t even care that Professor Dumbledore watched me go. I followed closely behind him and, when I felt safe from the people in the hospital wing, I took the Disillusionment Charm off and jumped into step beside him. He instantly stopped in his tracks.“What are you doing?” he asked.“Helping,” I responded.He sighed, “You can’t come with me this time, Melody.”“Why not?”“I can’t tell you.”“You wouldn’t be telling me anything I don’t already know.”“I — what does that mean?”“You are going to Lord Voldemort to earn his favor, aren’t you?”He didn’t answer, but he did look kind of nervous.“In any case…” I said, continuing to walk forward. Severus began to walk next to me. I have to do this… but I’m scared of what his reaction will be. “Well.. I’m trying to say you need my help to get his favor.”“Melody —”“Hear me out here. He thinks you have been unfaithful to him, and he will kill you on sight. If I’m there to say you have been faithful all along, just biding your time until he came back to power, he will take the time to listen to whatever story you intend to spin.”“He’s not going to listen to a fourteen year old girl…… How do you even know this?”“Come on, Lord Voldemort and I both know,” I said, hoping he would be able to fill in the rest so I didn’t have to.“Know what?” he asked suspiciously.“Bloody hell, Severus, you know exactly what I’m talking about! I’m his daughter for heaven’s sake — he knows it and I know it!”“Melody!” he shouted, stopping in his tracks.“Come on,” I said, continuing to walk out of the castle with my heart pounding against my chest. “Dad’s not going to wait any longer!”
  
    Chapter Text
    “How long have you known?” Severus asked as we crossed the grounds to the gate.“Long enough,” I replied curtly, reaching the gate and pushing on it. It creaked open and I moved a bit further away from it before turning and standing still.Severus closed the gate and walked over to me. “Are you going to answer fully?”“At the moment, I don’t trust your temper enough to say the whole truth,” I said, raising an eyebrow at him.“Melody…!” he growled.“Look, you don’t have all day. Let’s just go and get it over with.”“If you both know that he’s your father, then how do I know you’re not going to tell him about my true intentions?”For that moment I blocked my emotions, not only for the trip to see dad, but also so that the look Severus was giving me wouldn’t make me realize all the sooner that I’d just lost his trust. “You have no other choice at the moment except to trust me… please….”He took a deep breath, let it out, and nodded. “Damn it, princess, you were supposed to come get me!!”We turned in surprise, watching a figure bolt toward us. Crap, I almost forgot, I thought with a nervous giggle as I scratched at the back of my neck.“What is Mr. Flint doing here?” Severus asked suspiciously.“Um.. yeah… that’s not Marcus..”The figure of Marcus Flint drew nearer until he stood right in front of us, glaring furiously down at me. “I don’t want to be stuck here any longer than I have to — and take all of this off of me! ”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  The plan… had been oh so simple, and yet oh so effective. Immediately after Marcus had agreed to do whatever my plan was — since he had no idea — I pulled my wand out and silently 
  
    stupefied
  
   him.

   He’d fallen to the floor in a crumpled heap.

   I turned to Barty, a grin still plastered to my face as he warily leaned back. ‘Moody’s’ body could only move so far.

   “What are you doing, princess?”

   I leaned back as well, both to calm his nerves and to relax against the chair. “Just here to tell you about my plan. In the end, 
  
    he —
  
  ” I gestured to Marcus, “just helps tie everything together. Here’s how it’s going to happen…

   “First thing’s first, you need to lay off the Polyjuice Potion. You won’t personally need it anymore. For this to work, your father can take your place using the potion… all he needs is his memory wiped, and your memory in his place. We’ll transfigure him to look younger, I mean since you are a spitting image of him. No one has seen you since before you went to Azkaban, so no one can say for certain that he isn’t you when the Polyjuice of Moody wears off.”

   He relaxed slightly as he stared back at me. “What gave you such a bright idea?”

   “Your Polyjuice storage running low poses a problem, Barty. If I don’t fix it, and 
  you
   get caught…” I glared pointedly at him, “then 
  
    my
  
   secrets run the risk of exposure.”

   As he stared solemnly back at me, I wondered if anybody else would’ve cowered in fear at my tone of voice.

   “So,” he said softly, looking down at Marcus. “What’s the kid for?”

   “I never quite thought about it before,” I noted humorously, “but you two are slightly similar in stature. We can pick a day for me to transfigure your father into you, and you into Marcus…… I don’t doubt his threat to fail his NEWTs, because he’s been held back a year before, so that’s where this all works perfectly. He’ll be held elsewhere while you take his place and pass his exams.”

   He groaned audibly, “You’re going to make me take my NEWTs all over again?”

   I chuckled, “That’s pretty funny.. but technically, it’s 
  
    his
  
   NEWTs not yours. I don’t expect you to do it perfectly, but he 
  
    does
  
   have to pass.”

   Barty licked his lips, looking away from me to study his hands. “Why help me?”

   I snorted, “Why do you ask?”

   “I tried to kill you.”

   “And like I’ve already mentioned, you’re one of the few to know what I have done. If you get caught, so do I.”

   “Then why do I feel…” he replied slowly, glancing up to lock eyes with me. “Like it’s something 
  
    so
  
   much more than that?”

   “Would it make you feel better if I said that after it’s all over, you’ll owe me?”

   He frowned, “Only slightly. That would just be a bonus for you.”

   “Well then,” I’d said smugly, standing up and beginning to walk out of the room. I used the binding spell on Marcus as I walked, ropes appearing out of thin air to tie him up tightly. “I guess you’ll just have to find out what it is.”
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
   “What do you mean 
  
    I
  
   have to cast them?” I asked in dismay.

   Barty and I were in the Room of Requirement — this time just an empty room for the purpose of somewhere private to work — and he asked for 
  
    me
  
   to copy his memories and transfer them to his father.

   In his own form, Barty was much more relaxed. “Simply put, princess, your magic is stronger than mine. I would not even make a complete dent in my entire life’s story.”

   I bit my lip, looking down at his father with guilt slowly eating at my heart. 
  
    Am I actually going to do this to an innocent man?… Erase his memories and give him his son’s so he takes responsibility for his actions?
  

   Barty Crouch Sr. shook on the floor before us, on his knees with eyes widened with fear and hands tied behind his back. He couldn’t fight back.. he couldn’t get away… he wouldn’t even remember himself.

  
    I have no other choice
  
  . 
  
    Besides
  
  , I comforted myself, 
  
    he’s no angel. His actions toward his son are what made him the man he is today
  
  .

   I looked up at Barty Jr. with a short nod before pointing my wand at the elder man, whispering “
  
    Obliviate…
  
  ” My intentions were beyond strong, erasing everything about his life from childhood to adulthood.

   His face slackened, eyes becoming blank as his mouth dropped open in a dead stupor. He fell the rest of the way to the floor.

   Barty winced as I turned to him. “Just don’t erase 
  
    my 
  
  memories,” he mumbled as I pointed my wand at him.

   “You should be more worried about what I’m going to see,” I said cheekily before casting, “
  
    Legilimens
  
  !”

   In the blink of an eye, his entire life was played before me in my mind……

  
    His father giving him the cold shoulder every single time he asked to play with him…
  

  
     His mother comforting him each night, listening to his every whim and worry…
  

  
     Joking around with friends between classes at Hogwarts, and studying constantly to the point of getting perfect grades…
  

  
     Flirting with a certain black-haired, blue-eyed girl he had a crush on…
  

  
     Meeting Voldemort for the first time, and finding common ground in their thoughts…
  

  
     Fighting alongside his fellow Death Eaters as well as joking around with them… 
  

  
     Torturing Muggles and any who stood in the way…
  

  
     His father’s harsh gaze as he sentenced him to life in prison…
  

  
     Time in Azkaban trying to stay sane by joking around with the Death Eaters still within hearing distance before the constant draining of happiness began to drive him insane…
  

  
     His mother coming in to switch places with him, transfiguring into his double just as his father placed him under the Imperius Curse…
  

  
     From there everything was a blur, mainly with Winky the house-elf at his side twenty four seven… the day Bertha Jorkins found him, and his father obliviated her…
  

  
     The Quidditch World Cup when he’d finally, in the middle of the match, defeated the Imperius Curse and stole the wand of the kid in front of him — Harry Potter…
  

  
     Casting the Dark Mark amidst the chaos of the idiot Death Eaters playing around with Muggles while hoping against hope that they would find him.. what a disappointment they all were…
  

  
     Being in the house alone with his father since he fired Winky, with the unbearable awkwardness of him trying to talk to him as if they had ever been close.. offering love that he’d never given before — what a waste it was…
  

  
     Voldemort rescuing him from his father’s tyranny, and giving him a job to finally exercise his mind after so long without control over his thoughts or actions…
  

  
     Capturing Alastor Moody with some difficulty as he fought back hard.. only catching him by surprise once he Apparated behind him…
  

  
     Tricking Dumbledore and the staff into believing he was Mad-Eye, having practiced with the latter often to get his mannerisms just right…
  

  
     Getting close to Harry Potter, and tricking him into a false sense of security.. eventually prizing this Marauder’s Map from his possession — willingly on his part…
  

  
     Working and discussing ideas with the princess, watching with pride as she dedicated her whole attention to searching that night for the potion to bring her father back to glory…
  

  
     Getting frustrated with how easily she made it look to play both sides when he had gone to Azkaban to prove his loyalty to his Lord.. she could still stand under Dumbledore’s nose without him catching her.. how come she got everything easy…?
  

  
     Orchestrating everything behind the scenes of the tournament to get Harry Potter through safely.. Harry Potter made everything so damn difficult with the second one.. all was almost lost and yet the princess didn’t bat an eye…
  

  
     He knew he didn’t deserve the princess’ surprising kindness as she formulated a plan to save his life.. despite his hard attempt at pushing for her death to be swift…
  

   I gasped as I came back to myself, trying to relax my mind despite the information overload.

   Barty was doubled over on the floor gasping for air as well, “Are you… all right… princess?”

   With one deep breath, I replied “Y-yeah..” before turning to his father, still out of sorts on the ground. Kneeling down next to him, I stowed my wand away as I decided to test if I could do without it…. Knowing I had dark intentions involved, I felt the darkness swallow me as I placed the tips of my fingers against his forehead, playing through most everything I had just seen. I made sure to omit every memory that had to do with me, and by the end of it I recreated everything I was a part of.

   Instead of me taking care of the potions…
  
     I, Barty Crouch Jr., made them myself. I dragged Miss Riddle into the room after it was finished, and then threatened for her to pour her magic in or else I’d get her kicked out of school. After that, she had passed out for a few hours in exhaustion… during those few hours, with word from the Dark Lord, I watched the Marauder’s map I took from Potter until my father showed up… I stunned Viktor Krum as he watched over him while Potter ran to get help, killing my father and transfiguring him into a bone before burying him… good riddance…… 
  
  all other memories about giving or trying to give me detention were warped as I saw fit.

   When I pulled my hands away, Mr. Crouch’s eyes were closed in a deep sleep… or what he would later believe was a deep sleep.

   A hand came into my view, and I turned to see Barty’s offer to help me up. I took it, finding slight difficulty in standing as my legs wobbled. Those memories packed a 
  
    lot 
  
  of power, so it was amazing enough that I was even awake after all that.

   “Do you need a while to regain your strength?” Barty asked in concern.

   “
  
    Now
  
   you’re worried about me?” I joked lightly, still feeling like I was out of breath. “Just a month ago, you tried to have me killed.”

   “And now I’m helping you to your feet. What’s your point?”

   I stared intently at him.

   He chuckled, “You aren’t a dark witch or wizard until you’ve tried to kill your friends.”

  
    Well, I hope you don’t mind counting me out of that
  
  , I thought wryly to myself, imagining how guilty I’d feel if I ever tried to kill Becky, Lissy or even Draco.

   “Here,” he sat me down in a chair. “Now I can show you how to transfigure a person to set designs. I’ll transfigure my father into me to give you an idea… then, when you’ve regained your strength, I’ll trust you to transfigure me…”

   We both glanced into the corner of the room to the other tied up prisoner. Marcus, bound and gagged, glared intensely back at us.

   “… into him….”
⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛In the present I felt a mischievous smile cross my lips as I folded my arms, responding in a sing-songy tone, “What’s the maaagic woooords?”Barty, as Marcus, sneered. “No one has time for —”“There’s plenty of time far as I’m concerned, Ba —”“Both of you, ” Severus snapped, “can wait for your disagreement. We have to get going. Now.”I gave a “tch” of frustration before grumbling, “Fine…”A few waves of my wand to undo the effects of the transfiguration, and Barty stood before us with his eyes gleaming giddily. Severus stared at him in utter disbelief before subtly glaring down at me as the subject of interest became distracted with bouncing around about being himself again.“There is a lot we need to talk about when we return,” Severus  quietly warned me.I swallowed the knot that formed in my throat, “Understood.”When he held out his arms, Barty and I took them and he Disapparated us to Little Hangleton.Severus snatched his arm away from me soon as we arrived… leaving me to bend over with my hands on my knees to keep me steady as I swallowed the need to vomit. God I hate this so much, I thought as I fought to compose my stomach. Eventually, I finally stood and nodded that I was ready to continue.Everyone still stood by the grave and turned their heads toward us as we arrived. Dad’s eyes evoked a sense of curiosity as we walked near. I kept my hand over the handle of my wand in case someone — likely dad — decided that they didn’t want to hear Severus’ explanation, whatever it may be.Barty threw himself at my dad’s feet in complete devotion. “My Lord… it is so satisfying to see you in your own body once again. Your magnificence is astounding! I am so pleased that the potion at least went according to plan!”“Yes, Barty,” dad replied. “We will discuss later about an appropriate reward for all of your hard efforts that led us to this point tonight.”Standing up, Barty grabbed my hand and pulled me forward so I stood next to him. “It would have all been for naught if not for Melody. My father has been taken into custody in my place due to her quick strategy.”I cleared my throat, “Ohh it’s much more than that… let’s just say his soul is gone.”Barty’s eyes widened and he stared down at me, “Th-the Dementors — they —?”I nodded, putting my hand on his shoulder as I smiled up at him. “Thank God it wasn’t you, right?”Barty grinned back before surprising me with a bone-crushing hug. “Thank you…. and I hope you know what you’re doing when it comes to Snape,” he whispered in my ear just before letting me go to bow to my dad once more. “I’ll leave you to your discussion.”Dad nodded as Barty bounded away… and I stretched my limbs out to relieve my muscles of the feeling of being squeezed. Never expected that from Barty.“Melody, my daughter…” he said, his smile large as he looked me over. His eyes seemed to hold more than curiosity at that moment, but he also appeared to be trying to hold it back. “You have made me so proud.”I smiled elatedly in response.“What has brought you here tonight?”As I looked him over he truly did look like a powerful man, though quite snakey. My heart seemed to flutter giddily as I stared at him, so much so that it was unbearable… and it caused me to walk forward and wrap my arms around him in a tight hug. Dad stiffened in surprise but, rather than feel embarrassed, I took the opportunity to whisper in his ear. “I saw your resurrection with my own eyes, dad. My vision was strong.. I was able to watch the thing. I just want you to know you look magnificent….“However,” I pulled away, raising my voice for both him and Severus to hear, “I’m also here to wish that you give Severus a chance to explain his actions for the past thirteen years. Believe me, he has not forsaken you as you must think he has.”I felt Severus waiting with bated breath behind me… and felt his underlying irritation. I was not going to hear the end of this.Dad seemed to contemplate it as he looked between the two of us, decidedly ignoring the fact that I had hugged him. “You have the utmost faith in him?”“Of course. All the one-on-one times that I’ve had with him for the past four years have proven himself a devoted follower… we’ve grown a lot closer since you and I last discussed him.”He nodded and beckoned to us. “Come, then, both of you.”We followed him a short way away from the rest of the Death Eaters who nervously awaited instructions. They began soft, idle chatter. When he turned to us, he looked at Severus questioningly.“Tell me,” he said, “Why did you never come to my aid when I fell all those years ago?”“My Lord, I was at Hogwarts where you ordered me to be… and, I’m sorry to admit that I — as many of the Death Eaters who returned today may have thought — believed you gone and broken. Forgive me.” Severus bowed his head down.“So,” dad ventured softly, “had I told you it was me after the Sorcerer’s Stone, you would have stepped aside?”“Of course, my Lord,” Severus said, looking up at him. “I would have assisted you in any endeavor.”He seemed to think about that, as though he were imagining what could have happened had he trusted Severus would still be loyal to him. I think he would have helped, knowing whatever it was that Professor Dumbledore had planned which would have probably led to these plans coming to fruition years ago.“However… you’ve returned late….”“Dumbledore ordered me to… I waited so that I could come while ensuring my place in Hogwarts didn’t waver. Allow me to discuss this with you privately. I assure you I’ve been faithful, and have many news to offer you in your glorious return.”They both looked at me and I snorted dejectedly, “I’m gone, then.” I walked back over to the Death Eaters who instantly stopped conversing to stare at me. Oh… I thought awkwardly as they seemed to await a command of some sort. I lifted my chin up and this caused them to instantly turn to each other in quiet conversation. To be feared…I only wished I could know the extent of the news Severus wanted to share with dad…… but could I really expect to be let in on anything of value after what I’ve just revealed to him? I mean, but it’s not my fault no one but dad was willing to tell me the truth!There was only one Death Eater that walked up to me, relatively fearless. “Does Draco know about any of this yet?” It was Lucius.“No,” I said, dreading his next sentence.“You really must. He’s been sending letters detailing how much he really likes you… this isn’t something you’ll be able to hide from him for much longer.”“I know… but I can’t tell him right away —”“I think —”“It doesn’t matter what you think,” I snapped. Lucius looked down in exasperation, but said nothing. “I’ll tell him in my own time.”“Well, how long has Snape known?” he asked. “Surely, Draco deserves to be told just as much as —”“I’ve only just told Professor Snape about it — like, ten minutes ago. Everyone that is here in this graveyard are the only people who know of my willing contributions to my dad’s resurrection.”“Orele doesn’t even know yet?” Lucius asked curiously.“Oh no, imagine how that would go! She’d probably ban me from even leaving home. Take me out of Hogwarts and everything.… It wouldn’t go well. Nothing would go right in regards to this.”He didn’t even know how to respond. That much was obvious.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛When Severus Apparated with me back to Hogwarts a few hours later, he sped to the front gates as though forgetting I was with him. I hung back gladly, my energy drained from making myself act the part of Voldemort’s equally ruthless daughter.I reached the gate to find Severus was standing there waiting for me. Closing the gate behind me, he instantly began shouting at me.“How long have you been helping him?”I was taken aback, having just begun to relax. I blocked my mind with heavy walls as I responded. “Look, I don’t care what you may think of me right now, but you can’t just go attacking me after all that. Surely, you’re as exhausted by being in his presence as I am!”“Just answer the question!” he said.“A while,” I said, rushing toward the castle.“That’s not an answer —”“I’m answering it in my own way! Look, you’ve got your reasons for working for Voldemort, and I’ve got mine —”“You know I’m only doing it for Dumbledore!” he grabbed hold of my shoulders and spun me around, shaking me slightly as he ranted. “But why — why are you in league with him? I thought you were better than that! I believed in you!”Another wall went in my mind as I looked at him angrily. “But that’s not how you first started out as one of his Death Eaters! What changed your mind, Severus, that made you realize that you would rather be on the ‘good’ side in the world? Hm?”“Melody —”“So… have I turned out exactly as you thought I would four years ago when I first stepped foot into this castle? I sure looked innocent then, didn’t I? I was, too, before the shadow of Lord Voldemort set in after no one else would even tell me that he was my father! I had to hear it from him! Not you! Not mom! Not Dumbledore!”“Don’t you dare turn the blame onto us! We were protecting you from becoming exactly what you are now! What you should have done, had you taken the time to think clearly about it, was to tell us that you found out so we could take the precautions necessary —”“There are no — nor will there ever be — any precautions necessary concerning me! And what is this about ‘what you now are,’ huh? I just saved you from possibly being murdered —”“You did no such thing! He would have listened to me without your unnecessary assistance,” Severus shouted. Then he shook his head, releasing me to keep walking up to the castle. “I have to talk to Dumbledore —”“Don’t you dare tell Professor Dumbledore,” I said, grabbing hold of his wrist to stop him in place. “I let you know because you also follow Voldemort, so it was better that I tell you myself than for dad to tell you for me. Professor Dumbledore does not. If you tell him, then —” I couldn’t even finish the sentence.I had literally almost threatened him…. Fighting with Severus wasn’t exactly what I had expected I would have to do and… well, I just couldn’t bear to finish my sentence.He glared sternly at me, “If I tell him, then what…? What were you going to say after that?”My mouth was open, but my throat choked up. I put up another wall and said smoothly, “Just don’t tell him…. Please.”Severus stared back at me in complete silence for a few moments before breaking it, “Where is Mr. Flint?”“The out-of-order girl’s bathroom.”He raised an eyebrow at me.“No one goes in there, so it was a good place to keep him hidden,” I shrugged. “Myrtle doesn’t ask any questions. So long as I hang out with her when I can… I think she’s having fun torturing him with her monologues, anyways.”He grit his teeth, waiting another few moments before asking the question I felt like he really wanted to ask from the start. “Switching Crouch was your idea?”“Yes.”“You cast the spells yourself to make it happen?”“Yes.”He seemed frustrated beyond repair as he glared down at me. “You knew you were sending an innocent man to Azkaban for crimes he never committed.”It felt like that should’ve been a question.. and yet, it was so effective on damaging my nerves of goodness that it hardly mattered how it was phrased. “How innocent can he really be when his negligence helped create such a monster out of Barty?”With that, I left a stunned Severus on the grounds as I stormed into the castle, donning the Disillusionment Charm on myself as I went.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  
    Author’s Note: This whole chapter right here… wasn’t this long when I first wrote it. Why? Because, originally, I didn’t stray from canon to save Barty. I’d been so afraid to make that major decision at the time despite it crossing my mind multiple times, which was perhaps why Melody also didn’t have as many interactions with him like she does now. This change scared me because, to pull it off, Melody would have to commit an act so heinous that describing it would have been torture. With my growing strength as a writer, it was a fun test of my ability to fully let my imagination run wild. I don’t regret it. ^_^
  

  
    Chapter Text
    I packed up my bags in silence, Becky watching me with an expectant look on her face. No one understands. I can’t tell them anything. Just look at what happened with Severus.Ever since that night, Severus avoided me. It was amazing how good he was at it. And, though I told him not to tell Professor Dumbledore, I couldn’t really tell if he did or didn’t. Professor Dumbledore was busy taking care of Harry’s needs and, most likely, planning for a war in the — whether near or distant — future.Though I knew Professor Dumbledore and Severus should know about how I’d been working with dad — how long and everything — I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. I made excuses in my mind. Things such as that Professor Dumbledore already had enough on his mind, and that Severus would be even angrier with me.Lissy and Trixy came in, looking from me to Becky.“She still hasn’t said anything!” Becky shrieked.“But she has to have some sort of explanation for where she disappeared to…” Trixy replied softly.“It’s amazing how you guys can forget that I’m in the same room as you,” I said casually.Lissy spoke with worry. “We just want to know where you went. When we got to the hospital wing, Madam Pomfrey was raving about you leaving without her permission again. And you didn’t return to the common room or the dormitory until late.”“It’s not important,” I said softly. “I don’t know how many times you want me to repeat that before you understand.”Becky threw up her hands in defeat and left the room.Lissy sat down on my neatly made bed. “Draco’s been worried about you not leaving your dormitory. He can’t come up here to comfort you, you know.”
  He won’t come comfort me when he finds out the truth, so I can’t expect him to do it for me now.
I forced a small smile as I looked back at her. “I don’t need comfort, I’m perfectly fine. I’ve got a little sister I can take home and enjoy the summer with.”She giggled. “Come on, the end-of-year feast is about to begin.”The end is only the beginning, I thought as I zipped up my suitcase. “Good thing I’m all done.”The feast wasn’t as noisy as it usually was for the end of the year. The real Mad-Eye Moody was at the staff table, flinching and jumping whenever someone spoke to him. Severus would glance at me every now and then, but mostly ignored me for most of the feast. Draco held his arm around me, trying to engage Becky and I into laughing at jokes that only Lissy and Trixy were openly enjoying.Professor Dumbledore stood up at the staff table and the room petered into silence, awaiting his end-of-year speech.“The end,” he said, looking around at everyone, “of another year.” He paused, his eyes falling upon the Hufflepuff table, the faces of whom were paler than anyone — even Addy’s.“There is much that I would like to say to you all tonight,” he continued, “but I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person, who should be sitting here,” he gestured to the Hufflepuff table, “enjoying our feast with us. I would like you all, please, to stand, and raise your glasses, to Cedric Diggory.”Everyone stood, many with tears on their faces, to raise their glasses as a silent toast. Then we all sat back down again.Professor Dumbledore continued his speech. “Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the qualities that distinguish Hufflepuff House. He was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, he valued fair play. His death has affected you all, whether you knew him well or not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to know exactly how it came about.”I looked up at him in mild surprise. Does he really think that’s a good idea?“Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort.”I guess he does. People stared at Professor Dumbledore in panic-stricken horror. Draco shook his head so calmly that I wondered if his father had sent him a letter about it.Professor Dumbledore continued. “The Ministry of Magic does not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of your parents will be horrified that I have done so — either because they will not believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, or because they think I should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my belief, however, that the truth is generally preferable to lies, and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric died as the result of an accident, or some sort of blunder of his own, is an insult to his memory.”
  As if telling the truth 
  
    ever
  
   mattered to you. You’re just as much of a liar as the Ministry of Magic.
Draco pulled away from me to mutter something to Vincent and Greg. Becky wrapped her arms around Trixy, who looked wide-eyed and surprised, and I did the same for Lissy who gripped my arm tightly.“There is somebody else who must be mentioned in connection with Cedric’s death,” Professor Dumbledore said. “I am talking, of course, about Harry Potter.” Whispers went around. I heard a scoff from Draco. “Harry Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort. He risked his own life to return Cedric’s body to Hogwarts. He showed, in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Lord Voldemort, and for this, I honor him.”He turned gravely to where Harry was seated at that Gryffindor table and raised his goblet to him as well. Nearly everyone did the same… except for most of the Slytherins.Professor Dumbledore then looked to the guests from the schools of Durmstrang and Beauxbatons. “Every guest in this Hall will be welcomed back here at any time, should they wish to come. I say to you all, once again — in the light of Lord Voldemort’s return, we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord Voldemort’s gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if our aims are identical and our hearts are open.“It is my belief — and never have I so hoped that I am mistaken — that we are all facing dark and difficult times. Some of you in this Hall have already suffered directly at the hands of Lord Voldemort. Many of your families have been torn asunder. A week ago, a student was taken from our midst.“Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.”And at some point in time, I thought dryly, remember someone who went in the opposite direction in favor of a father that valued power over life. A girl who allowed evil to overtake her heart, and darkness power over her soul. Melody Riddle, daughter of Lord Voldemort…⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The windows on the train ride back to King’s Cross Station showcased a bright, sunny day. My mood certainly wasn’t all smiles and sunshine, but I made sure not to show it to anyone. Lissy’s model of Viktor Krum flew around the compartment as the younger girls laughed joyously. I tried to imagine Becky and myself when we were their age. Did we laugh as much as they do? Did we enjoy living in the moment like them?Becky wasn’t with us.. instead sharing a compartment with Fred, George, and some of their friends. I noticed immediately how strange it felt that she wasn’t sharing the train ride back with us… but I supposed a lot of things were about to change for the years to come.With an hour left in the journey; Draco, Vincent, and Greg stood up to leave. Funny that they left making fun of people to the very last minute.“I’ll probably be back after the train stops. But.. if you get off before we get back,” he gave me a swift, sweet kiss on the lips.I kissed him back longingly, holding a hand to his soft cheek to make it last just a moment longer. This may be my last kiss. Better enjoy it to the fullest.He pulled away, “What was that?”“Just some encouragement for you to come back before we get off so we can do it again,” I said, knowing he wouldn’t be back in time anyway.He grinned cheekily, “I’ll see you later.”I forced a small smile, “Be careful, there are some very emotional people on this train.”He gave a wave of his hand with a snort and the three of them left.Not another moment later and Marcus had appeared at the compartment door — the real Marcus — fuming just as silently as when I had released him from his bonds in the out-of-order girl’s bathroom. Again, Myrtle had been more than happy to attend to him when I asked her assistance.. even offered to keep him after his fists kept clenching as he stood glaring at me that day. It was really as if he debated with himself on whether or not he wanted to yell at me or give me the silent treatment… he had decided on the silent treatment, as if that would be effective in hurting my feelings.“Just a moment,” I told Lissy and Trixy softly as I stood up. “This won’t take long.”I followed him into the hallway, closing the compartment door behind me as I looked up at him expectantly.“Why couldn’t you ever trust me?” he asked, his voice surprisingly longing.“Why couldn’t you have taken the time to prove some form of trustworthiness?” I replied. “In any case, you haven’t spoken to me since I let you free.. why are you talking to me now?”“To beg for another chance —”“— is already vetoed,” I interrupted quickly to his dismay. “I have no interest in someone I can’t trust. Now, if that will be all… you can go.”His lips tightened, growing white until he leaned close into my face to say, “I hope you know that if you can’t find love in me, that you’ll never find it in Malfoy.”I pushed him roughly away from me, biting back the wish to grin maliciously. “Well, Marcus.. why would you say something like that unless you felt truly threatened by him?”He had no response.“I thought so… we’re done here, so I won’t warn you again..” I opened the compartment door, glaring at him before I went inside. “I don’t want anything to do with you. Never speak to me again.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The train seemed to stop a lot sooner than expected. I dreaded the thought of another summer pretending to my family that everything was dandy fine. Especially when everything had only gotten worse… someone died… someone else lost their soul….Lissy and I grabbed our trunks and went out to meet my mother who… now what is that look on her face? I thought curiously, realizing with complete surprise that she was all alone. She first hugged Lissy with a smile on her face, and when she hugged me, she whispered in my ear, “You and I need to have a private talk when we get home.”I stiffened automatically. That cannot be good.She drove us home, with Lissy sitting in the front seat excitedly telling her about her first year at Hogwarts. I think Trixy rubbed off on her or something, because it actually lasted the entire ride home.At the house, mom gently told Lissy, “Grab your trunk and go inside. Melody’s room is on the top floor, the one door left open so you could find it. I’ve placed an extra bed in there just for you.”“Thanks!” she said excitedly, doing as she said. She skipped joyfully into the house.I smiled in spite of the fact that I could feel mom’s anger simmering. Surprisingly, she kept it down enough to calmly — but icily — talk with me. My smile dropped into a frown immediately.“I got a letter from Professor Snape… explaining that you already know about your father… even went with him to go see him.”I put up a wall in my mind, fighting the urge to burst my own anger at her. “Yeah. I know and dad knows.”“How did you find out?” This came out as more of a snap.“If I can state it correctly, dad figured out who I was and told me in utmost secrecy.”“Tell me — and with none of these ‘long enough’ lines that you’ve been telling Severus — how long have you both known?”“Well, then, I won’t deign to answer that question on the grounds that it may incriminate me.”Mom growled in frustration.“Look, I didn’t tell you because I wanted you to tell me. You kept insisting that my father died before I was born when it’s not true! Why haven’t you ever trusted me enough to just tell me?”“For exactly this reason, Melody!… You’ve been willingly helping him!”“I know you’re scared, but I can be useful to Professor Dumbledore this way — I can be a spy like Severus! Why don’t either of you understand?”“You’re too young!”“I’ve known for a while and no one has figured out my involvement. I’ve been doing a pretty good job as a young spy, if you just —”“Melody..” her voice had darkened to such a degree that I felt a shock of fear run through my body. “I had to protect you from the truth! Do you even realize how hard it is to control Dark Magic? I already see it in your eyes, the angrier you’re getting the redder they become, just like his! You’re following his footsteps.. and once you start down that path, you can’t look back. I’m afraid I’ve already lost —”“You did, mom! You broke free from —”“By separating myself from the magical world for a little over a decade. Believe me, it was easier said than done… just…. Why didn’t you tell me, or Dumbledore, or even Severus when you found out? It could have saved a lot of trouble —”“And then what? Severus said something about precautions, which I obviously expected, but I don’t need them! I can be trusted, mom, why don’t you understand that?”“You’re too impressionable! I’m sorry to say, but you have already proven that you can be easily corrupted. A boy died because of your actions… a man lost not only his own self, but his soul is gone because of your actions…. After all my hard efforts at keeping you away from all that— keeping you safe from him…… Finding out that you’ve known about this for a while and have been consciously helping the darkest lord of all time back to power…… Melody, I can’t find any more trust for you!”That hit me hard. She helped him way back then, why is it such a problem that I’ve also been helping him? I stared at her for a moment, tears threatening to escape my eyes, and then I immediately opened the car door and ran out yelling, “I hate you!”I sped past a confused Jim in the front room as he tried to ask, “Hey! How was… —”Upstairs in my room, I threw myself onto my bed and buried my face into my pillow. Lissy looked over at me curiously from the new bed on the other side of my room, “Are you.. okay?”I blinked back furious tears, pushing my face further into the pillow. What a long summer this will be…⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛
  
    
      My secret was out… and there was no knowing what was going to happen. Mom and Severus didn’t trust me anymore and, if I knew Severus, he had probably already explained what he knew to Professor Dumbledore. I thought to myself that losing everyone else’s trust couldn’t possibly be worse than what I went through with those two… but it was not about to be that simple…… I could have never possibly imagined what was to come next.
    
  

  