This was the year everything began falling apart. Everything changed all at once, and I almost couldn’t keep up as everything that kept me sane just… disappeared. In the end, however, I also gained a new perspective.. and a new ally.

⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Orele Ollivander stood across the room from none other than Lord Voldemort, who watched her with growing anticipation for what she had to say. It had been years since he'd seen her last and, he found, she still looked as young and beautiful as she had fourteen years ago. Even after raising the child she disappeared with.

She had very curly brown hair, that he remembered those mornings so many years ago when he saw her struggling to untangle it almost brought a smile to his snake-like face. Her eyes pierced menacingly into his.. those silvery gray Ollivander eyes.

“How long has Melody known?” she finally asked, putting it out into the empty air pretty casually considering how obvious her anger was.

He smirked. “Since I was sharing Quirrell's body of course...”

“Did it never occur to

that she might need me in her life?” he replied, keeping his temper down. He didn't need to get angry, he could calm the woman down enough to make her understand. “You kept her identity hidden for so many years, but how much longer did you really think it would be kept from her?”

“I did it all for good reason!” she snapped, walking up to him purposefully and slapping him with all her might. He caught her wrist before she could do it again, and her other wrist as she tried once more. She gave a growl of frustration. “It may have been fun for me all those years ago to follow along with your plan to overtake the world and use Dark Magic any time I wanted, but those days are over! I don't want Melody to follow in our footsteps!”

“Your wishes are irrelevant when she's been helping me to power since the day she found out about me,” he leaned in close to glare into her eyes, avoiding the urge to look anywhere else. “You may have hoped that she would become a Mudblood lover such as yourself, but your actions to keep her from me were hopeless when she hid her true colors from you.”

Voldemort was beginning to wonder how he could keep his temper down with Orele continuing to glare at him as though he were still her lover and not someone that would kill her should she make one wrong move. Should she say even

“Are you finally going to be reasonable?” he sneered.

When she stepped back away from him, he let go of her wrists. “You must have... have brainwashed her or something…. I don't know this Melody you speak of!”

Orele began shaking. Whether it was from anger or fright – or both – he wasn't sure, but it certainly didn't bode well.

“Why did you disappear all those years ago?” he asked impulsively. “I realize that you think you saw the error of your ways, but what good could have come from leaving the country?”

She looked at him. It wasn't like all the looks he got from everyone else – which was fear or reverence – it was the look of someone who knew him very well. At that moment, though he couldn’t admit it, Orele’s composure around him was frightening. He'd kept her all those years ago because he'd felt as though she was the only one to understand him – having a lover who wasn't afraid of him was easier to... work with, one might say. But, at that moment, it was scary... if it meant he loved her, he'd have to dispose of her.

“At the time,” she replied shakily, “I thought it would give hope for Melody. To live in a home where there's no talk of the wizarding world – to live among Muggles... I guess I had been wrong.”

“You can still correct that past mistake,” he said, holding out his hand to her. Fear be damned, he wanted to see if he could bring her back to his side. His feelings could be pushed down if he really tried, because he knew Orele's magic was strong. She could even assume her old alias again. It would bring two dark wizards back from the dust when they were ready! Not only that, but… even though she slapped him, which he'd have to deal with her about later, she hadn't shown any sign of noticing how frightening his face was. Did this mean she still loved him as she once told him she did?

Her original frigidness returned, so he instantly drew his hand back.

“I regret nothing,” she said, turning away from him to pace thoughtfully.

That made him seethe, though in silence. He gave her the option of a lifetime, and she refused! Surely she remembered he never did such a thing very often? He slowly took his wand out, drawing her attention right back to him.

“Of course...” she said calmly. “I always knew that if I had to die, it would be by your hand.”

He faltered, yet his anger grew to the ceiling. “What do you mean by that?”

“I mean...” she said, walking towards him so they looked at each other face to face. He was a lot taller than her – always had been – but she was rather dangerous for a short woman. “You're doing what you always do – taking the coward's way out so that you can stay on top. You're in love with me, though you'll never admit it!

Fury embedded itself into his deep red eyes. “I'm in love with no one, especially

you!” She didn't cringe with fear or fury, rather stood there, bracing herself. “

A blinding green flash of light, and Orele crumpled down to the ground. Finally dead.

Severus had no reaction to this, just stared back at Professor Dumbledore with a strange look on his face.I was stuck in a whirlwind of confusion. With all the barriers taking up the space in my mind, it was hard to comprehend. She never said anything about Severus being my godfather. Nothing at all.“Didn’t she tell either of you about this?” grandpa asked, aghast.I looked at him, “No… you knew?”He and grandma nodded. Grandma whispered something to Lissy, who looked taken aback but left the room to go upstairs. Our bedroom door, that we had only shared for two weeks, closed.“She decided on it long before she left for America with you,” grandma said. “Told us that, should her life end prematurely, the only person she wanted to entrust you to was Snape.”“But… how could she have known she’d die young…?”“Where’s her wand?” grandpa asked.I took her wand out of my pocket and held it out for him to take it, but he shook his head. “Look at it.”I shrugged, and observed it closely.My eyes widened.I’d never really looked at her wand before, surprisingly enough. It was cypress… calling to my mind part of the passage that grandpa had written about it in his journal: “Cypress wands are associated with nobility. The great medieval wandmaker, Geraint Ollivander, wrote that he was always honoured to match a cypress wand, for he knew he was meeting a witch or wizard who would die a heroic death. Fortunately, in these less blood-thirsty times, the possessors of cypress wands are rarely called upon to lay down their lives, though doubtless many of them would do so if required.” “But…” I said softly, “her death was hardly heroic.”“I believe Orele knew something about how it would affect others in the future,” Professor Dumbledore noted. “She knew her murder would say something about Voldemort that no one ever considered.” He continued looking over the will, and hmmed in interest. He bent down next to mom and pulled a small vial out of her pocket filled with a silvery white substance. A memory.“What —?” I started to ask.“This is a memory she wants me to show you at a later time… but it will mainly be for Harry’s use.”That’s something very important, then, I thought. What is it about?“At the moment, she wants you all to see something that she never showed you before…” he said, pocketing the vial before gently turning mom over. Brushing her hair out of the way, he revealed a gold tattoo of the head of an eagle on the back of her neck.I thought it looked pretty cool, but… grandma gave a loud gasp. Grandpa and Gerald stared at it with shock etched in their faces. Severus looked at it without surprise, but his eyes glittered strangely.“What?” I asked, curious as to why the tattoo elicited such a strong reaction from all of them… almost like the Dark Mark.. “What’s the matter?”“I always wondered…” Professor Dumbledore said softly. He turned to me, “Have you ever heard of a dark wizard who went by the name of the Predator?”I shook my head, staring at the tattoo tentatively now. “Did she follow the Predator?”“No,” Severus said for the first time since Professor Dumbledore first read aloud the will. “She was the Predator.”She was the Predator… I thought, thinking back through her confrontation with dad. ‘It may have been fun for me all those years ago to follow along with your plan to overtake the world and use Dark Magic any time I wanted, but those days are over!’ But I always thought that she’d just gotten into Dark Magic and that she’d just joined dad to be able to use it more.. or something like that. I never thought…“What are the stories about the Predator? Why have I never heard of her?”“Well… she’d been considered his greatest ally at the time,” Gerald explained. “She was forgotten because she disappeared a year before You-Know-Who’s fall. No one worried about her again, thinking he’d killed her. I didn’t think about how Orele had left at the same time… it never crossed my mind.”I did recall in the confrontation, dad telling mom that she could take up her old alias again. I hadn’t thought it too important after waking up, but… she’d been a nefarious dark witch…. Not only did she not want me to follow in dad’s footsteps, but she didn’t want me to follow in hers either.

Professor Dumbledore looked at me. “Now that he has you, Melody, he can turn you into his greatest ally.”Severus was shaking his head, “His second greatest ally, perhaps.”“What?”Professor Dumbledore and I looked over at Severus questioningly.“He’s got the Angel of Death.”“Angel of Death?” I asked.“Who —?” Professor Dumbledore started to ask.“Selwyn.”“... Seraphina?”He nodded.“What is going on?” I asked.“Ah…” Professor Dumbledore said, looking conflicted. “That’s unfortunate. If I recall correctly, she does have some very strong magic… and she has proven to be nearly as ruthless as Voldemort. But if he has Seraphina, why didn’t he keep Orele alive? He could have had three great allies… become completely unstoppable.”“He did give her the option of being his ally again,” I admitted.His intrigued reaction said it all. “Really?”“She refused, so he killed her… that, and she infuriated him further by asserting that he was in love with her.”Severus and Gerald couldn’t help snorting.Professor Dumbledore got lost in his own thoughts, looking back down at mom’s will as though contemplating what needed to be done next.“Melody,” Severus said, drawing my eyes to him. “Go pack your bags.”Right… he’s my guardian now. This is going to be weird. I just nodded, and stood up to go upstairs when Jim spoke for the first time that morning.“I don’t understand any of this…”I stopped to look over at him. He was most definitely confused and uncertain about what was going on. I’d completely forgotten that he was in the room and, to be honest, despite my barriers I felt a strong sense of antagonism coming off of him in waves. It was mainly directed toward me.  “What’s confusing?” I asked nervously.“It seems to me that it should be easy to kill this Voldy-what’s-it, with you and this professor close enough to him to just do it.”I shrugged. “Considering everything this man has survived, I don’t think he can be easily killed. I don’t know what his secret is, and whatever it is can’t be very easy to break. He would have made sure of that.”I felt a pang in my chest as the lie sank in. I already knew about his Horcruxes, the fact that he was still alive because he split his soul into pieces and hid them inside of various objects. I felt it wasn’t possible to find any of them when there were no material possessions that had sentimental value to him. Considering he still had full belief in not caring about anything but himself and his ideals… or does he? Jim stared at me, features unrecognizable to me. “What happened to the girl I knew who was so sweet and caring... who had no secrets?”Oh, God, I thought, putting up another wall in my mind. “In case you missed it, Jim.. that little girl you knew grew up… matter of fact, that little girl hasn’t ever been your daughter.”I turned to walk up the stairs so I wouldn’t have to see his reaction. I opened my bedroom door to see Lissy sitting on her bed.“Why didn’t you tell me?” she asked.I sighed, and pulled my trunk out. While stuffing my things in, I asked, “Tell you what?”“That — that you’re the daughter of the darkest lord of all time!”“I didn’t tell anyone that I knew, Lissy. Not you, Becky, Draco, or anyone. I’d only just recently told Sev — Professor Snape — and you should’ve seen how he reacted. Ignored me for the whole last week of school, and scowled whenever I tried to talk to him.”“Why didn’t you tell Becky or Draco?”I turned so quickly to look at her that she jumped. “You saw how cruel he is, Lissy! Imagine if I were to tell anyone, they’d be terrified of me. I learned about it one month into my first year at school — brand new friends with them — if I were to have told them then that I was Lord Voldemort’s daughter, how do you think they’d react?”“They’d still be your friends,” she said earnestly. “Becky — she’d be so glad that you trusted her. And Draco —”I went back to angrily packing. My cat, Bodoujn, stared at me with wide eyes. “You have part of a point with Becky, but Draco — heh… that’s another story entirely. You should have seen his dad when he first found out. He stuttered and, even now, sort of tiptoes around me in case he gets me mad.”“Draco’s father knows, but Draco doesn’t? Melody, you’re dating him!”“Yeah.. well.. now that my little secret might get out into the open, I might as well kiss him goodbye. Everyone, including him, will think that I’m as heartless as my dad and just… I don’t know… drop and avoid me.”“He’d be too afraid of dropping you —”“See?” I shouted.“Melody…” Lissy came up behind me and hugged me. I put up another barrier in my mind, feeling my emotions start to try breaking through just with the hug. “You need to let your tears out to feel better about this.”I shook my head, thinking of something else to say to get her off of me without sounding rude. It came to me. “You missed it downstairs… my mom has a golden tattoo on the back of her neck of an eagle. Apparently, she was another dark wizard many years ago by the name of the Predator.”Lissy pulled away and I turned to see her looking confused.“What?”“Trixy and I read that name somewhere… I think we were reading old newspapers that Madam Pince allowed us to borrow.”“I guess she really was famous back then….”My mind traveled back to the person Severus said was dad’s new ally. A Seraphina Selwyn going by the name of Angel of Death… well, she’s not very well-known yet, but she obviously will be once she’s known worldwide as Lord Voldemort’s greatest ally. Whenever dad decides to come out of hiding, even I would be famous. I guess nothing can stop that.I put the last of my stuff in the trunk, and closed it. Bodoujn was already obediently in his cage, which I closed and locked. I also dressed into shorts and a t-shirt, having noticed I was still in my pajamas.“I guess…” I said softly, “I’ll see you again on the train. Or just at Hogwarts.”Lissy nodded as I left the room. I peeked into both Jim’s room and Blake’s room. Blake and Nick were both still sleeping. Will I ever see them again? Would I even be allowed to come back?Severus stood in wait for me at the bottom of the stairs with Professor Dumbledore. I put my stuff down at the bottom, and watched as he waved his wand at them. They disappeared. He held out his arm.I looked around at the Ollivander Home. Grandma and grandpa stood off to the side, looking at me with soft, encouraging smiles. If I didn’t put up so many walls, I might’ve burst into tears at the sight of grandma offering me a hug.I shook my head in denial as I said, “I’m so sorry…. It’s all my fault.”“Don’t worry about a thing,” grandpa said sternly. “We’ll still be here when you need us.”“We will always love you,” grandma sincerely said, touching a soft hand to my shoulder. “Never forget that.”“I won’t,” I replied, glancing over at Hogwarts’ headmaster.Professor Dumbledore looked at the scene without reaction or comment, observing.“What are you going to tell the Ministry?” I asked him.“The truth about her death and her history… I won’t say anything about your involvement with your father. You could attest to his resurrection, but since they will continue to deny his return it would be best to keep you out of Azkaban. I want you and Severus in my office in one week.. we have some things to discuss.” Professor Dumbledore looked so serious that I worried about what he thought would happen after telling the truth. What will happen from now on….?I put up another wall in my mind as I took Severus’ arm, and we Disapparated.

We appeared in a tiny sitting room that felt as cold and dark as the dungeons back at Hogwarts. Of course, it was like home away from home for him and me.I noticed that the wall was completely covered with bookshelves filled with many, many books. I would never get bored. There was a couch, an armchair, and a small side table that seemed easily breakable.Severus took out his wand and pointed it at the area of bookshelves behind one of the armchairs. With a bang, a hidden door flew open. There was a narrow staircase leading upstairs. He also revealed another hidden door right next to the staircase.“Up that staircase are our rooms and the bathroom. You’ll know which room is yours,” Severus explained curtly. “The other room is the kitchen. I will keep these open during the day for you, but once it gets dark out I want you in your room so I can close these off.”“What, are you afraid someone will come in and kill us?” I asked, trying to sound casual.“When you’re a spy, you learn to keep certain areas of your home safe from those wishing you harm…. It looks like you will have to get used to this.”“How dreary,” I noted, moving slowly toward the staircase. This is going to be so weird. I made my way up the stairs, holding onto the rails every step of the way, and when I got to the top there was such little space. The bathroom was straight ahead, and to my right were two doors right across from each other - one opened and one closed.I peeked into the open room to see my trunk and Bodoujn’s cat cage on a small bed. Funnily enough, it looked almost exactly like the room I used at Hogwarts before I even started going to school there.I instantly busied myself with opening up the cat cage so Bodoujn could roam around, and took my stuff out of my trunk. I moved all my Muggle clothes into the bedside dresser and my wizard robes, including my dress robes I wore at the Yule Ball the previous year, into the closet. I placed my books in the little mini bookshelf I had in my room — after taking a while to pull all the dust off with my hands.With all of that finished, I looked around for something else to do. With all the books I now had access to downstairs, I was surprised to find that I didn’t want to read anything. What else can I do? I feel like I need to be busy.Bodoujn meowed at the door, and I looked up to see that Severus stood in the door frame.He seemed as though he felt as awkward about me being in his house as I did. “Do you… need anything?”“I have a few questions… is Bodoujn allowed to wander around?”“He has the same freedom you do.”I nodded slowly, wringing my hands. “Erm.. could you give me some chores to do?”He gave me a look that told me he definitely thought that wasn’t a good idea. “Melody, give yourself a rest, you’ve just been through a terrible ordeal.”“No, I — I need to do something -”Another look to shut up.“A walk outside at least?” I asked. “Bit of fresh air?”He sighed. “All right, but don’t go far.”“I don’t plan on — wait, where are we?”“The street is Spinner’s End — it's located in a Muggle village.”I raised an eyebrow at him. “I hardly think some dark wizard is going to want to go to the trouble of going to a Muggle village to kill you. They’d be too disgusted to even think about it.”He rolled his eyes, and walked away to go back downstairs.I gave a small laugh, but it sounded hollow and lifeless. Yup, I need to do something. I brushed tangles out of my hair, and stumbled down the stairs to hurry out the front door. Right outside was a cobbled street that seemed to branch out in thousands of different directions, mostly to other lines of houses or through alleyways. There was a stench that I noticed to be coming from the direction of a dirty river.“Yeesh,” I mumbled, looking to my left to see a path into town. I turned to look at the house so I could memorize it. It was one of the larger houses with a towering mill chimney. That won’t be hard to find.Walking into town with my hands buried deep into my pockets, I looked at my surroundings. Many people stared at me as though they immediately knew that I was not from around there. To escape the crowds, I slipped into a nearby shop and was surprised by the musty smell of old books. How long has it been since I’ve stepped foot in a Muggle bookstore? Let alone one full of older books?Wheezing came into my hearing as I looked at the piles all around me, and a small old man came into view.“Oh, you’re a new person!” he said with wide eyes.“Um, yeah…” I said softly.“I don’t remember any one’s houses being up for sale, but sometimes people leave without notice — they’re always the rude, secluded ones.”“Actually, I’ve come to live with…… with my godfather.” Feels so weird to say that.“Ohh, you’re really not from around here! That accent… what is it? I know I’ve heard it, but I can’t call to mind what it is…”I swallowed before I spoke, slightly surprised that I even still had the accent. “I’m American.”“That’s it! Something happened to your parents, I suppose, that caused you to have to move here?”I fidgeted, “Yeah.. I don’t really want to talk about it.”“Eh, all right,” he replied with a careless shrug. “Who’s your godfather? I know everyone in this little town of ours.”“I don’t think you’d know him that well. He’s only here three months out of the year,” I said.His eyes widened once more. “Your godfather is Severus Snape? Good Lord, how did your parents know him? He never comes to town — makes me wonder how he gets along all alone in that house of his, and what he does during the rest of the year!”“So you know about him?” I felt surprised that the man even knew Severus' name. It wasn't exactly a small town like the man made it out to be.“Everyone does! Everybody knows each other, though no one knows him too well.”I started to walk around, noticing that not only were the books in large piles, but they were strewn about the floor. Almost none of them were on the shelves.He watched me as I observed the room. “I keep meaning to clean all this up — people never put the books back — but it’s all just piled up over the years…” the man said with a sigh. Then he looked at me in a scrutinizing way, “What did you say your name was?”“I didn’t say.”“Well, come on now, don’t keep me in suspense! If you’re going to live with Snape, you ought to let me know your name so I can tell the villagers about you.”“I’d rather you didn’t… I’m going to be here about as often as Severus, so I’m not very important.”“Everyone is important!”I quickly changed the subject, “Look, I’d love to put these books up for you.”“Oh no, I couldn’t let —”“You can’t let these pile up even more. There won’t be any more room to walk in a while. And it’ll be too easy for one of these to just fall over and bury you. Here's the thing — I need something to do for the summer, and you need these on bookshelves, so what do you say?”“Mmm… sure. I really appreciate the help!”“No problem,” I said.

I got back to Severus’ house late that afternoon. Of course, the shelving was not finished yet, but I felt satisfied about what I finished. The store manager was pretty happy with what I did, and even paid me — forcibly, since I tried to refuse. But, afterwards, I realized it may be useful considering I didn’t know what Severus had in his kitchen. And I hadn’t eaten at all.I stopped by a coffee shop and bought a glazed donut and a bottle of water to wash it down. The store manager eyed me suspiciously, as though presuming I’d stolen the money.Considering Severus might wonder how I got the money to pay for the food, I quickly wolfed it all down, and threw away the leftover trash. Then I left the shop and walked home — or what I hoped would feel like home sometime soon. I still thought of Ollivander Home as my home, and the thought of home caused me to put up yet another wall in my mind. How many walls have I had to put up today to block the pain? When will there be enough walls to feel some semblance of peace?The moment I walked in the door, I noticed Severus sitting in one of the armchairs reading a newspaper. It had only gotten slightly darker outside, but it cast a deep dark shadow over the sitting room.When I closed the door behind me, the newspaper went down to his lap and he stared at me. “I thought you were just going out for a walk.”“I was. And I did. What’s the problem?”“You left at eight this morning. It’s six in the afternoon. I thought the walk would take, at the most, fifteen minutes. Naturally, I began to worry.”I collapsed onto the couch, saying, “Well, at least we’ve now established that I don’t do things the normal way.”“This isn’t going to be a normal occurrence, is it?”“It probably will be, sorry if I disappoint.”He sighed. “You should go eat something. There are leftovers in the kitchen. Then I want you in bed right after.”I looked at him, “It’s six o’clock! It won’t take me hours to eat.”“I know.”“An early bedtime?”“Just for tonight, Melody. You were up at four this morning.”“So were you, surprisingly enough, and in your office too. I doubt you normally go to bed so early.”“We’re not having a discussion about this. My decision is final,” he all but snapped.“Okay then, mister bossy,” I grumbled, standing up and walking into the kitchen.It was a tiny little room, with just about too many cabinets and one refrigerator that was too big to have even gotten in through the doorway. I opened it up to see a container of rice. That was it.“What are your plans for meals tomorrow?” I asked, pulling the rice out and almost sighing at it.“I’ll restock,” he said with a wave of his hand.“One meal at a time?”“It’s how I’ve always done it.”I rolled my eyes. I may have to buy some groceries tomorrow, I thought as I opened up the container and scrutinized it. As I searched around for a fork, I asked, “Do you have anything I can put on this?”“What do you mean?”I found a fork in one of the drawers and went to stand in the doorway to look at him, “You know… something like soy sauce, or at the very least some salt?”“No.”“It’s going to be very hard to eat this as it is.”“I didn’t realize you were a picky eater.”I groaned in frustration. One of his brows went up at my reaction, but he no sooner opened his mouth to reply than there was a hard knock at the door.Severus put his newspaper down, and stood to glide over to the door. I put the rice back in the refrigerator and then leaned against the doorframe of the kitchen, crossing my arms as Severus opened the front door to reveal Draco.Damn.He easily saw me from outside, and pushed his way in.“Come in, then,” Severus said, as though trying to save the bad manners, and closed the door. He made his way over to the staircase, ignoring my pleading look to stay, “I’ll be upstairs.” Then he was gone, and it was just Draco and I alone in tense silence.Draco seemed to hesitate as he looked at me. Then he asked, “Why didn’t you tell me?”I was bewildered, “Well, it just happened today, I mean —”“What happened this morning is not what I’m talking about!” he snapped. “Lissy already told us all about it, and about — about — I — why didn’t you ever tell me who your father was?”I sighed. “Just take a look at how you’re reacting…. It’s not exactly the most wonderful news in the world to hear, now, is it?”“I — I’m — I just —” he struggled, as though he was just realizing he had to be careful of how he speaks to a teacher. “Becky and I are not sure how to feel.”“You’re both afraid of me, aren’t you?” I asked, feeling my throat dry up, but keeping a cool expression.“N-No — I… how do I say this nicely? We thought that you would trust us with —”“So you could both come to fear me? Bow and speak with reverence when I’m in the room? Treat me as you would my father — the Dark Lord?”He had no answer, just looked at me without recognition. Or what is that expression?… Doesn’t matter.“I did think about doing this since his return, but I kept putting it off. I know it’s too late and… that I’ve lost you now… so I’ll relieve you of the job and just say we’re over.”“I — what?” he seemed surprised. Whether because he was planning on breaking up with me first, or he had some other idea of what was going to happen with this meeting, I wasn’t sure. But I wasn’t going to take the chance.I stood straighter, as though to show that I was superior. Be feared. “You heard correctly. Neither of you have to deal with me anymore. I have better, more important things to do. We’re not friends, and you and I are most certainly not dating.”I couldn’t quite understand what his reaction was to this. My blurry vision made it confusing in my mind, but what I could see of him looked kind of devastated.Before he could say anything else, I said, “You know where the door is.” I wanted to say that I was sorry, but if he was going to fear me I couldn’t. If I had to be like my dad, I couldn’t show even an inch of remorse.Another barrier went up in my mind, and I had to tell myself, no more barriers or you’ll soon become blind to everything, Melody!I walked forward, causing Draco to walk backwards until he’d made it to the door. When I opened the door for him, I quickly pushed him out — very nearly causing him to bowl Becky over as she stood there.She seemed to be extremely worried as she stared at me, “Melody…”“Don’t come back,” I said, slamming the door in their faces. A ticklish sensation crossed my cheek, and I wiped the tear that had somehow escaped my eye, before turning and walking up the stairs.“You didn’t let him say what he wanted to say to you,” Severus said. He’d been listening from the top of the stairs.“Forget it. It’s none of your business.”“Melody Riddle..” he said in a warning tone.I almost rolled my eyes. Almost. “Sorry for being rude to you, I won’t do it again. I’m just going to go to bed early like you’d wanted me to.”“Did you even eat your dinner?”“I don’t want it, thanks.”Severus shook his head as I turned and went into my room, closing the door behind me. He probably knew what I was doing with my mind, being an accomplished Legilimens and all — I wasn’t sure how to keep the barriers from affecting my reactions to things, but it felt better to pretend that I didn’t care.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I woke up early the next morning — to my surprise, before Severus — got ready and went out. I allowed myself to work on shelving the books for half of the day, received the pay by the little old man who wouldn’t let me leave without it, and popped over to the grocery store.The store clerk, a plump young woman, noticed me first and smiled kindly. “Buying groceries for your godfather?”I suppose the manager of the bookshop is a sort of famous gossipmonger in this town, I thought as I nodded, “I’m just trying to make his home a little bit more habitable.”She chuckled, “I suppose it would be a bit strange considering he’s hardly ever there. Do you know why he only stays there for the summer?”Man, Muggles are nosy here! Make something up! “Um… well, it’s supposed to be a secret, apparently. He does a lot of traveling, so he’s been to many places — yet he won’t tell me about them. He said he might take me with him, but who really knows?”“If he leaves you here, I’ve got some extra rooms in my house. You could bunk with me.”I forced a smile onto my face, “He’ll probably say no, but thanks for the offer.” Picking up a carton of milk, I asked, “Where might the spices be?”“Aisle four. I suppose you used up whatever spices he had, huh?”I snorted, “He doesn’t even have any… are there any bags I can use for the stuff? I might break my arms trying to carry everything.”She laughed. “Oh sure,” she grabbed a plastic green basket and handed it to me. “I insist you use that to carry the groceries home. You can bring it back later.”I raised an eyebrow at her, “Are you sure you want to trust me with this?”“Of course. This is a small town, so if you forget I can just stop by your house and remind you.”“Oh… thanks…” I said, leaving her to finish up my shopping.When I left the shop I ended up having to hold the milk in my right hand while the basket was in my left hand with fruits, vegetables, meats, spices, and some sweets. Because of this experience, I felt more like I was living on my own — except, of course, including Severus and those strange ground rules of his.I opened the door to the house to find that Severus was not alone. A young woman with pale skin, midnight black hair, and blood red lips stood in the room talking to him. She had high cheekbones and a pair of eerie electric blue cat-eyes — chilling, yet magical. She wore robes of ocean blue to match her eyes, and a brilliant choker of green and gold around her neck. There was this new aura in the room of extremely strong power, and I could only guess at who this stranger was.Severus snapped, “How did you buy all that?”“With money, what else?” I said, stepping in and closing the door behind me. Putting the basket and carton of milk down, I asked, “Are you going to tell me who this is?”A grimace appeared on his face and the woman smirked mischievously. “Go ahead, Snape — introduce us!” Her voice was smooth and silky, and there was a noticeable feeling of a strong ability to persuade.“Melody… this is Seraphina Selwyn —”She cleared her throat.He took a deep breath, as though needing to bite his tongue. “Seraphina Morphine Selwyn. Also known as Angel of Death.”“See? That wasn’t so hard, now, was it?”He glared at her, “Now that introductions are over, let me ask you again. Why would the Dark Lord ask for you to risk your life in order to teach Melody, when I can just as easily do it myself?”“I would have thought you’d know the answer to that one — but, of course, you’re just not trusting my word. Do I really have to bring Voldy here in order for you to believe his instructions?”He rolled his eyes. I could have laughed at her nickname for dad. If people weren’t so afraid of saying his name, perhaps someone would have come up with one sooner.Seraphina went on, “But if you really don’t know, his reasoning is this — you are only his follower, albeit a very trustworthy follower. I, however, am his greatest ally with the strongest magic and can easily go in under disguise. That, and you’re forgetting what it is I’m supposed to teach her — Dark Magic. If she’s going to be a strong ally, she needs a strong ally to help her along. Crouch’s lessons could only go so far, the paranoid little twit.”Dark Magic… of course he’d expect me to learn more of it.Barty had taught me a bit of Dark Magic the previous year, but with the Triwizard Tournament taking up most of his time.. and his personal paranoia about my true loyalties — as Seraphina seemed to already know — there was never enough time.I had felt lucky at the time, because my usage of Dark Magic started to make me easily angry and — whenever that happened — my eyes glowed red. Probably still do, I thought worriedly.“And another thing,” she continued. “I will be able to protect her, if need be.”Severus growled, “I can’t promise that Dumbledore will even agree to this, especially letting you in the castle.”I picked up the groceries as they bantered.Seraphina scoffed, “As if I’d endanger his precious student.”“He won’t take any chances after what nearly happened to Potter last year —”“Don’t worry,” I said, walking through the space between them. “I’m just the third wheel here. Not listening.”I was in the kitchen when I heard Seraphina whisper to him, “How long have those walls been up in her mind?”I paused to listen carefully.Severus replied back in the same tone, “Since she found her mother’s body yesterday morning.”“She’s got fourteen of them! Why haven’t you stopped her?”“You haven’t gotten to know her yet. She’s stubborn…… Okay, I thought I’d let her continue to do that for a while, since it seemed to keep her from worrying too much about the incident. I thought I might get her to bring them down today.. since it all caused her to break off her friendships last night.”A sigh, and then I could only just hear her talking lower, sounding as though she were shaking her head, “Snape, Snape, Snape… you really aren’t daddy material. Don’t you know that the more she does that, the more likely it will be that she’ll be off a lot worse later?”A pause.. and then I heard him groan, “I hate that you’re right.”“I’ll talk to her, and let you go ask Dumbledore about the plan. Have fun!”Before he could protest, I heard her walking towards the kitchen. My mouth set in a thin line as I opened the fridge to put most of the groceries in, knowing she was about to try talking ‘sense’ into me. But she doesn’t even know me, so what —“I know you heard us,” she said.I turned to see her standing smugly in the doorway. “You’re not changing my mind.”She surprised me. “I wouldn’t dream of it… but the thing is, blocking your mind — your emotions — can only help you for so long. Sooner or later, those walls are going to crack and allow nightmares and traumatic memories to seep in… and when that happens, it will all fall down. Your emotions will, as they say, explode.”I closed the fridge with a sigh. “I didn’t realize anyone would notice my protective walls.”Seraphina chuckled, “Perhaps with your other friends, but with people as skilled at Legilimency and Occlumency as Snape and I — and your father, of course — that is impossible.”“You mean my dad knows too?” I asked curiously.She laughed, “No, I added him as an afterthought on purpose. He only looks into people’s minds when he wants to learn something. He thinks he knows enough about you, and trusts you enough not to check.”“And you looked into my mind for some other reason?” I asked with a raised brow.“Mm.. good point,” she admitted. “But my point was that Snape noticed because he obviously cares for your well-being. He might not be a good father figure yet, but he’s certainly trying. He’ll be good in time.”“It’s not his job to be my father figure, he’s just my godfather — and my teacher, for that matter. My real father is pretty mediocre at the job, emotionally speaking.”Seraphina burst into laughter, causing me to laugh as well. How infectious can laughter be?“It’s good to know you have a sense of humor, darling, but right now you’ve allowed a small crack on your wall big enough to fit a childhood fear in. Just with that little laugh.”I still smiled, “Never really had a childhood fear, myself, but… what do you suggest?” It was only just after I asked that I realized she’d gotten me to give in without really trying. How?!“All right. You have fourteen walls built up in your mind right now. If you break one down every day — okay, one every week —- fine, every month — you can slowly become stable again.”I’d been giving a face at each suggestion, finally nodding when she said ‘every month.’ It was risky, I knew, but I was still running through my mind about how she’d changed my perspective.Seraphina continued, “If you blow up before you can break each wall down by yourself, I can’t guarantee that Snape will be very accommodating with you crying into his shoulder.”“I doubt I’d blow up and instantly go running to him. He’s never been a cuddly teddy bear, and I don’t really want to test if he could be one. It would be weird.”Seraphina laughed again. “Oh, your humor is delightful. I’m sure we’ll get along well.”I grinned, putting the spices into a cabinet above the sink. “What sort of Dark Magic will I be learning?”“Everything there is to know… I built up much of my knowledge on Dark Magic through sneaking in to the restricted section in the Hogwarts library at night. You can get these books easily with permission from Snape, though you’ll have to be careful.”“Careful? Why?”“Because of the drastic end of the Triwizard Tournament, and the murder of your mother, Fudge is ever more stubborn at denying the return of your father. Of course, Voldy expected this, which is why I’m coming to keep guard over you. Dumbledore is so adamant about his return that the minister is worried, and so they’re going to be interfering at Hogwarts this coming year.”I frowned, “I have a feeling that that’s not even the worst part.”A solemn nod. “When your mother, Orele, returned to London, the first thing she did was tell the Ministry about who your father was. Lied, and told them that he’d raped her so that they wouldn’t realize her history as the Predator. However, she also assured them that she raised you to be ‘better,’” Seraphina even made the motion for quotes around ‘better.’ “So they believed her.“But now, with the possibility of printing headlines that would bring the world into turmoil and fear again, they’re looking for people to blame. Dumbledore’s information about Orele really being the Predator has them feeling suspicious about you. They will try to interrogate you, and trick you into incriminating yourself this year. You can’t let them get to you.”“So… no pressure….” I said, surprised by all the information. Then I asked, “How do you know about all this?”Seraphina smirked, “I have my own followers as well, and many of them are in important positions at the Ministry. Quite a few of them were there when Orele explained about you some years ago, and then yesterday when Dumbledore explained about Orele. They had to pretend that they didn’t believe Voldemort killed her, and so ruled it an accident just like that poor boy’s death.. but they did ask me to lend their condolences to you.”I was slightly taken aback by this, “Oh… I.. give them my thanks, then.” It seemed kind of odd to me that she had followers as well, but I knew I shouldn’t have been surprised. She was dad’s ally, after all, and not his follower.A loud crack sounded and Severus waltzed right up to Seraphina from the living room.“What did he say?” she asked.“He doesn’t like it…” he began, looking as though he’d eaten something sour. “But he does agree that Melody needs someone to teach and guard her in secret. So, he says yes.”She smirked knowingly, “He won’t be disappointed.”

What other choice do I really have?

Severus took me back to his house a while later and said, “You should pack up your things now. I’ll work on the groceries you bought.”“What do you mean you’ll ‘work on the groceries?’”“You won’t be living here, so you should bring them with you.”“I thought you’d just keep those and — you know — eat them.”“No, you bought these with your own money. Besides, I like my process of —”“You weren’t thinking that when I made some corn on the cob last night. Or pork chops the night before. Or a mix of vegetables the night before that. Or —”“Melody, just go do what I said,” he said irritably, pointing to the staircase.“I feel so undervalued,” I replied, walking in the direction he pointed.“You have become more sarcastic while living with me. It’s —”“Very unbecoming, I know!” I said, walking up the stairs. Upon going into my room, I softly said, “Hardly here a week and he’s so eager to kick me out.” Bodoujn, who’d been napping on my bed, sat up and meowed curiously. “We’re moving again,” I told him. “To some place where I’m out of Severus’ hair.”I held my hand out and he gently head butted it. I pet his head a few times before sighing, and packing everything up all over again.“After getting all this dust off, too,” I mumbled, taking my books off of the shelf. It took a faster time for me to get all my stuff into the trunk. Everything was folded, and out of all the robes I had in my closet I only took out my school robes.. quickly closing the closet door on the dress robes. Don’t put up another wall, I forced myself to think as memories of the day my mom and I went to get them popped up.I sat down on my bed once I was done packing up and held my face in my hands. Stop thinking about it, stop thinking about it.Bodoujn head butted me in my head, a meow sounding at the back of his throat.“Should I take a barrier down now?” I asked him, scratching his chin.Another meow as he crawled into my lap, and rubbed his body against my stomach. His comforting purrs let me know he wanted to help.I sighed, looking into my head and watching as one of my walls crumbled down. Some emotions hit me like a gunshot, but after a few deep breaths I was calm again. One tear escaped, but I wiped it away. “That wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be,” I said, giving Bodoujn a hug. “Thank you. That’s one down, and thirteen more to go.”I grabbed his cat cage and, picking up my trunk, walked out and down the stairs with Bodoujn following behind me.Once downstairs, I asked, “When are you taking me there?”“Late tonight — it’s safest.”I put my stuff down by the stairs, where the groceries were in plastic bags, and collapsed onto the armchair across from the couch where Severus sat. He was reading the newspaper. “So I just got all packed up and we’re not leaving for another number of hours? Most of the groceries won’t last that long outside of the fridge.”“Have you forgotten that I can use magic?”“Oh.. right… so you placed a cold charm on some of the grocery bags… and, let me guess, you just waved your wand to put them in the bags, too?”He nodded.“Cheater.”He looked up at me in annoyance.“I’m teasing you, for goodness’ sake!”He rolled his eyes, and looked at the paper again.“Could I read the newspaper article that was released about my mom?”“No.”A crack sounded just as I was about to retort. It was Seraphina. She sat down next to me and, looking between Severus and I, said, “I’ve just walked in on something, haven’t I?... Perfect.”“Good of you to come,” Severus said dryly. “It wouldn’t betray my duty to tell you now that Melody will be out of reach for the rest of the summer.”“Oh? Why’s that?”“My safety,” I grumbled.Seraphina raised an eyebrow at Severus, “Am I going to hear some details or should I just assume she’s really going away because you don’t like me coming to visit her?”Severus glared pointedly at me.“Oh, please,” I huffed indignantly. “How am I supposed to have told her that that’s not a reason you’re sending me away?”He shook his head and looked at her, “I don’t feel Melody is safe enough here. Due to the work I have for both the Dark Lord and Dumbledore, there are times when she would be here alone. I can’t risk that.”“I have a wand to protect myself —”“I understand…” Seraphina said, nodding at him before turning to me. “See, darling, even with a wand to protect yourself from who knows what, the Ministry is keeping a close eye on you. One spark out of the wand, and they’ll take it as a good reason to expel you from school.”I made a face. “Who or what would attack me anyways? I sincerely doubt that a member from either side of the inevitable war has reason to come after me just now.”“You don’t know what the Ministry could be capable of.”“I… don’t know exactly what to say to that…. Except I could understand Harry Potter being safeguarded this way. Just not me.”Severus answered, “He has wizards guarding him twenty four seven.”“Wait… so he’s not at the Headquarters for —”“No,” Severus interjected quickly. “His friends are, and Dumbledore won’t allow them to tell him anything about the news they hear.”I opened my mouth as puzzle pieces came together in my mind. “Harry isn’t allowed to know anything… and you and Professor Dumbledore just told me that the students who are at Headquarters aren’t allowed at the meetings…… You don’t want me to know anything either!”“For heaven’s sake, Melody,” he said, bringing his hand to his face.“I’m right, aren’t I? You know, you all tried to keep me in the dark about my dad and look how that turned out. You can’t hide stuff from me just because I’m too young.”“You don’t need to know everything. Once you finish your lessons with Seraphina, then you’ll be let in on what’s going on -”“And how long might that take? Until I’m seventeen? I may only just be turning fifteen, but I know I’ve proven myself able to understand what’s going on. I want to take part in discussions about what to do.”Severus gave me a silencing look, and said, “I’ve had enough of this. There will be no more discussion about it.” He then stood, and walked up the stairs.“How dramatic…” Seraphina said softly.“I just —” I groaned in frustration. “Why can’t he trust me?”“You’ve got to admit, it would be hard to,” she replied with a small shrug. “You’ve been hiding a lot about yourself for about four years.”“I thought that would be perfect for the life of a spy!”A chuckle. “That’s true, though he would have expected that you would tell him what you knew if you were truly spying for Dumbledore.”I looked down at my feet. I was not quite willing to admit that she had a point.“And, not to forget, there’s also his will to protect you.”“I can protect myself,” I leaned back and crossed my arms.“Of course you can, darling,” she replied. Did she just sound sarcastic there?I looked at her, eyebrow raised, and she merely chuckled.“You have to look at everything in a different perspective. What help can students be when they’re going to be at school for the better part of a year? Not only that, but with the Ministry interfering, you’re going to be watched very closely. If you show any sort of tie to Dumbledore, you’ll be expelled. Maybe even worse.”I sighed. She certainly gave me more perspective on it than Severus or Professor Dumbledore were able. “How do you always find a way to change my mind?”“It’s a gift… but, don’t worry about being kept in the dark,” she added as an afterthought. Leaning in, she whispered, “I’ll give you news when we next meet.”A smile crossed my lips, “Thanks. I really appreciate it.”

‘The headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number 12, Grimmauld Place, London.’I no sooner read this off of a little slip of paper than Severus grabbed it out of my hand and used his wand to set it aflame. He’d said to memorize it, but I’d hardly had the time to read it over a few times before he up and destroyed it. And the light from the street lamps hadn’t helped much for it, either, considering the handwriting.“What —?” I started to ask as I looked at the set of buildings before me. There was number eleven and number thirteen, but no twelve as far as I could see. Then again, what would be the point of memorization unless something magical was about to happen?Severus cut me off, “Think about what was on that slip of paper.”I thought through the address that was on the slip of paper, and once I got to ‘Grimmauld Place,’ a battered door appeared — windows followed it until an extra building had grown between the numbers eleven and thirteen, revealing number twelve. Looking around, there was no one around to notice the additional door except a stray cat, and the Muggles in the houses next to it didn’t seem to notice a thing.“I wonder if Muggles aren’t noticing magic because they just don’t expect it…” I said as I followed him up to the door. “Yet, Muggle children completely believe in it. Unless the majority don’t, and those who do are the ones who are witches and wizards… hence being sent a letter to attend Hogwarts.”Severus stopped where he was to turn and look at me, as though he actually started to think critically about that.I looked behind him at the door to see the silver door knocker was in the shape of a twisted serpent. No keyhole. That seemed more like something dad would have.Severus took out his wand and tapped the door once. There were several loud clicks, and what sounded like a loud chain being pulled, before the door slowly creaked open. “Get in quickly,” he said, lightly pushing me before him into the house.We were in darkness as we walked in, and I gently set down my trunk and Bodoujn’s cage. When Severus closed the door behind him, it was completely dark.“Hold on a moment,” he said. I heard a soft hissing, and the hallway where we were was lit up by old-fashioned gas lamps. I could tell it was an old house by, not only that, but the strong, damp, rotting smell that accompanied it. Who was the friend who lent this to them? No wonder Professor Dumbledore said they needed some extra help.From a door at the farther end of the hall came Mrs. Weasley and… Sirius Black!“Oh, it’s lovely to see you dear!” she said, coming over to us speedily.Sirius followed slowly behind her, giving Severus a dark scowl before sending a kind smile my way. That only made me feel guilty, like he should be scowling at me, too.Severus smirked, ignoring Sirius as he handed Mrs. Weasley the groceries.“What’s this?” she asked in surprise.“It’s food I bought that he doesn’t want,” I quipped.Surprisingly enough, Severus didn’t look annoyed by this as Mrs. Weasley and Sirius laughed. Instead, he said smoothly, “I like to do things for myself, since I am able. Unlike others.”Sirius’ face grew considerably darker at this remark… ooohhhh.Mrs. Weasley didn’t notice this — or pretended not to — for she quickly went back down the hall saying, “We’ll get all of this eaten up by dinner tomorrow night.”“At least it’ll be eaten,” I said, giving Severus a look before picking up my stuff and starting to walk down the hallway after her. But I was stopped as both his hands rested on top of my shoulders, and he turned me back around to face him.To Sirius, he said, “Do something useful for once, and take Miss Riddle’s things to her room.”Stiffly, Sirius picked up my things and asked, “What is the point of calling her that when you’re now her guardian, Snape?”“It’s fine, Sirius,” I said before Severus could retort, looking over my shoulder at him. “Don’t worry about it.”A look crossed Sirius’ features, and I couldn’t quite decipher it at the time, but he inclined his head respectfully and carried my stuff past a moth-eaten curtain — tiptoed past it, actually — and made his way up the set of stairs.“You’ll be safe here for the summer,” Severus said softly, causing me to look back at him. “I won’t be here very often, since I’ll only visit to give my reports. However, I will be able to accompany you to your mother’s funeral.”I anxiously swallowed a knot in my throat and looked down at my feet, suddenly realizing that I didn’t want him to leave. However, I just nodded, unable to think of anything to say.He sighed, “Melody, look at me.”Slowly, I lifted my face up to look at him. My godfather. I don’t know what mom had thought before leaving for America all those years ago but… what was it that made her think he’d want to take care of me? There was no knowing that I would be one of the few people he’d care about… I certainly hadn’t known anything of the sort when I first met him….His mouth was open as though to say something, and his eyes seemed to be filled with — what? Pain? Love? His mouth closed, as though to end that train of thought, before he said, “I know I’ve been difficult on you this past week, but I don’t…. Just owl me if you need anything, alright?”“I know you’re new to this,” I said softly. “But if you really think about it, you were already there for me throughout the years. My mom couldn’t be at school to watch me, so you did. You’ve always been looking out for me. It just came naturally.”He had no response to that, only tightened his grip on my shoulders ever so slightly and then let go. “Stay strong…”I almost snorted. “What other choice do I have on the matter?”His mouth formed into a thin line, telling me that there was none.“So…” I said, my voice receding to a whisper. “No one knows about my involvement, but the Order does know about both of my parents?”A slight nod.“Isn’t that going to be a bit difficult for them?”“How do you mean?”“Knowing that I’m his daughter, don’t you think they might try to use me as some kind of leverage?”“Melody, they follow Dumbledore’s instructions. They would never do anything against his will. They also know he’s heartless. They won’t even try to use you as leverage, because the reality is that he would say to go ahead and kill you…. You saw him kill your mother, you know how heartless he is —”“I know how heartless he tries to be,” I said, rendering Severus silent. “There’s a difference between what everyone else sees, and what I felt. He…… Nevermind.” I then turned on my heels and walked away from him, not even sure what I’d been trying to say. It was crazy to even think of it. “I’ll see you later, then,” I said over my shoulder.When I faced forward, I was surprised by Hermione throwing her arms around me in a hug. “Melody, it’s so good to see you! Are you okay? I’m so sorry for your loss —”My main concern at that moment was my walls threatening to crack open. What is wrong with me…? Oh no, don’t cry. “I-I’m fine, Hermione, thanks…” I quickly pulled away, looking down at my feet for a moment to regain control before looking at her and forcing a smile. “It’s good to see you, too.”Two loud cracks sounded right behind me, and I turned around only to have Fred and George Weasley — with large smiles on their faces — each grab one of my arms and Disapparate to some other room in the house. The room had my trunk and Bodoujn’s cage in there.I leaned heavily against Fred, my hand against my mouth as I fought the need to vomit.“Are you all right?” George laughed heartily.Fred joined in. “Much as I love you leaning against me, I think I’d prefer it if you didn’t hurl on me.”Once I composed myself, I stood up straight to glare at them. “Would it really have been that much harder for me to just climb the stairs to get here?”“Brutal,” Fred said.“Deadly,” George added.“I guess you’ve both turned seventeen then, huh?”“Of course,” they replied cheekily.I snorted, “I can just imagine Severus having a fit if I did that in his house all the time — I’m sure it’s the same way your mother reacts.”“She reacts the same way she always does when it comes to us,” George said.“What’s it like with ole’ Snape, anyway?” Fred asked.“I’d say it’s not so bad except that, as he told Professor Dumbledore, I’m the one bothering him. It may be because he’s not used to my strong personality outside of school, but who knows?”“S’pose your personality can be a bit overwhelming,” Fred said. What surprised me most about it was George nodding vigorously.I narrowed my eyes at them, “You’re lucky I can’t use magic on you right now.”“Don’t shoot the messengers,” George said with his hands up in front of him.Messengers?… So someone else told them my personality can be overwhelming. That means… “What, so Becky says that then?”“I get letters. Before.. what happened..” there was a short silence as it sunk in that he was referring to my mom’s death. “You always went to her house. Very often, in fact, she said she almost had to send you back home a few times.”They said it so innocently, and yet it hurt knowing that during the last few weeks of my mom’s life I was avoiding her like the plague. She probably died thinking I really did hate her.“You went to her house more often than Draco’s, too. We would have assumed that you’d go over to his house more, so… you know….” They waggled their eyebrows suggestively, helping me to forget my pain and.. well…“Ouch!” they said together, putting up their arms defensively as I grabbed a pillow from my new bed and smacked them both extremely hard with it. Multiple times.They each quickly grabbed their own pillows to fight back.“Pillow fight!” they shouted together.I laughed as they plagued me, “Hey, two against one is not fair!”“Against you, it is,” they said together, continuing to hit me with all their might. Feathers began flying around us as we whacked each other.Now that puts quite a few things into perspective…. There will likely be times where I’ll have to fight groups of people all by myself. Duels against the masses. It’s quite likely that Seraphina knows just such techniques, and can teach me.But then the twins flinched away from me to show that Ginny had grabbed a pillow and joined in on the fight.“Ha ha!” I said triumphantly. “Now we can begin our duel appropriately, boys!”“En garde!” they said, comically holding their pillows like swords… or wands… one of the two.“No, no, no!” Hermione’s voice came from the doorway. She stood there with her arms crossed in vexation. “There are already too many feathers in the room! Put them down!”“You’re not our mum,” Fred said.“No, but I am,” Mrs. Weasley said, walking in the door and glaring daggers at the twins, her hands in fists at her hips. “What have I told you two about —”“She started it!” the two of them pointed at me.Mrs. Weasley started to argue, but I nodded. “I’m sorry, they said something rude so I grabbed a pillow and hit them. It’s all just fun and games.”“And then they hit you back when they know how I feel about it. Ganged up on you, poor thing.” She came over and waved her wand. The feathers flew back into the pillows and they stitched back together once more. “Now put them back on the beds and come downstairs for dinner.” She walked out, passing by both Ron and Hermione.Hermione seemed satisfied by the outcome, and Ron just stared at me warily.Of the people that knew who my father was, I felt like someone was likely to let the information just slip out of their mouth. Whether it be Harry, Ron, Hermione, someone from the Order, or whatever… maybe Draco, Becky, or Lissy would let the cat out of the bag. I wasn’t sure, but the information these people did know was sure to have some consequences for me.

I ran out of the dark room coughing, waving my hand in front of my face. Fred and George followed with their faces covered in dark dust. Great… I must look like them right now — dirty ghosts. “How much dust can one room have?”They chuckled and shrugged, then pointed at me. “You look terrible,” they said.I didn’t laugh. “You look terrible, too.” I leaned toward them as though scrutinizing their build. “But, it’s really not much of a difference from your old look.”Looking each other over, they burst into laughter.“You’re mean,” Fred said.“Yeah, well, ponder that while you clean up that room. I don’t care if it’s done by hand or by magic — because if I could do magic, I would be using it — but just get it done. I’m going to go take a shower.”“How about a prank first?” George asked mischievously.Then they both suddenly grabbed my arms, and Disapparated into another room of the house. We landed to hear shouts of surprise and anger. Hermione, Ron, and Ginny had been working in another room of the house that wasn’t quite so dusty, but full of boxes. Mrs. Weasley had figured that it might have once been the storage room.Rather than have the usually constant need to barf, my head began to spin. Unbeknownst to anyone else as they shouted profanities at the twins, I was struggling to stand straight… I finally had to lean on Fred. All this Disapparating of theirs has finally gotten to me I guess…He laughed, not even a bit troubled by it. “You all right, Melody? You’re not covering your mouth, are you trying to throw up on me?”“Yeah, just a bit dizzy. No prob —” My strength rapidly depleted, and I suddenly couldn’t keep a hold onto him. I crashed to the floor and into darkness:⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Voldemort was seated in his new hideout, a courtesy of Seraphina for lending him her mansion… and yet, it was she that he had been waiting about an hour for. There were things that needed to be done, plans to be discussed — she’d done this so many times it was amazing he hadn’t tried to kill her yet. And it was all on purpose just to annoy him, too. He tapped his fingers on his chair after a while, staring at the door in wait until the stunning woman finally burst in.

“I’m very busy right now, so what do you want?” she had the gall to ask.

His temper rose, but he kept calm. She was a very powerful ally, one he couldn’t afford to lose at this point.

“How many times do I have to tell you to refer to me as ‘my lord,’ Seraphina?”

“Hm…” she looked at her nails as though deep in thought. Looking back at him, she responded, “It doesn’t feel quite right to me. Technically you’re not ‘my lord’ as, really, I am not your follower. I’m your

. I think you would do well to remember that… Now again, what is it that you want? I have very little time to dilly dally.”

He clenched a hand into a fist, taking a deep breath to calm his thoughts before asking,“Have any of your people gotten into the Department of Mysteries as of yet?”

“No, I’m told they’re being kept busy until the end of the day each week. But, I assure you, they will find a way and a reason to be allowed in to search for what you so desperately need.”

“Make sure they don’t keep me waiting,” he said threateningly. His patience was wearing dangerously thin.

“Time is just what you need to plan out your return, though,” Seraphina replied with a small, unperturbed smirk. “You and I have no control over how fast or slow these things will move, so the best thing is to work out our next plan of action… your daughter could be of use to you while she’s at school.”

He gave a small smile at the mention of Melody. She

wasted his time. “No, she’s done enough, at least until further notice. The Ministry will be watching. She could use the break to pay attention to school.”

Seraphina gave a thoughtful look, “You care for your daughter a lot, I see.”

Voldemort stiffened. He could not possibly care for anyone, even Melody…

Melody… if that was what the Angel of Death thought, then he needed to change that. She was as cunning as he, and if she thought she could use his daughter against him for any reason then he needed to show her that he was not messing around with feelings. “I care for no one — fine, along with her lessons with you, I want her to keep a close eye on Harry Potter… get close to him, and give me updates. Explain it to her on the train to Hogwarts —

who suggested it.”

The woman gave a bright smile as she looked up at him, “That’s what I was expecting to hear from the most powerful wizard of the century.”

He couldn’t help the feeling that she was playing with him. “Flattery, Seraphina?”

“Oh, no. Me? Flatter

. You get enough of that from your groveling Death Eaters.” she said with a little smirk. Noticing the angry look on his face, she changed the subject.

, Voldemort thought as she asked, “Now… when do you want to execute the prison breakout?”

He did not hesitate.“Beginning of next year.”

She raised an eyebrow at him, “I didn’t expect you to already have a month picked out, but alright. Sounds good for the start of a new year…”

“It’s during Hogwarts’ Christmas break, so Melody will take part and prove her worth to my Death Eaters. For many of them, it will be their first time witnessing her loyalty in action. Barty has mentioned how quickly she learned Dark Spells from him, so I expect her to be well taught by the time we execute our plan.”

Seraphina grinned, “It shall be done. Do you expect me to assist with the breakout as well?”

“No, you will stay at the school. Your presence there is important for keeping an eye on Dumbledore. I need to be sure he won’t interfere.”

Voldemort nearly chuckled at the image in his head.

It was good to have a young ally because, though she had strong magic, she was foolish to try to get into the castle without Dumbledore getting suspicious. That was going to get her out of the picture just nicely without the possibility of her switching sides or turning on him. He had to be the one to stay on top… he figured he may have to do that for Melody, too, once she graduated from Hogwarts.

pained his chest. He nearly growled with frustration. It did this same thing after he murdered Orele. He

to ignore it. If it was love.. it was a weakness that he could live without. In which case, he would know to get rid of Melody once she showed signs of trying to be more powerful than him like Seraphina.

Then again, he’d gotten along with Orele very well, and she never became — never even

to be — more powerful than him. One could say he missed that about her….

“Leave me,” he said to Seraphina, mentally shaking himself. It would be a decision for a later date, if he ever had to make it.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I sat up, breathing heavily and sweating like crazy. A hand gently pushed me by my shoulder back down on the bed. Glancing over to see who it was, I saw Severus.“Stay down,” he said gently.I closed my eyes, glad for the barriers because I figured I would have woken up crying. “How — how long have I been out?”“Close to two hours.”“I see they had to call you to help.”“Mrs. Weasley figured you only fainted because of the multiple times that her sons Apparated you around the house. They all did the best they could to wake you up, but you wouldn’t budge.”“Kind of like what happened at the third task, huh?”“Yes…” he said softly. “What.. did you see?”I took a deep breath. “He was sitting around waiting for Seraphina to get there. When she did, they discussed trying to get some of her followers into the Department of Mysteries. He was impatient about it, but she gave excuses. Then they talked about a prison breakout dad was planning to have, and said it would happen in January.”Severus sighed… though it sounded more like a growl….“These are things you’ve already had to discuss with the Order, I suppose?”He didn’t answer right away, but when he did he was angry. “Damn these dreams of yours, Melody! You weren’t supposed to know any of that.”“I’m not supposed to be inside my dad’s head hearing any of his thoughts and feelings either. But we can’t have everything we want, now can we?”“And just what are his thoughts and feelings, Melody? If you are seeing everything from his point of view, tell me something useful about his inner thoughts!”I glared at him. “Since you’re shouting at me, I don’t feel comfortable discussing it.”“Melody —”“All I can say right now is that I’m starting to understand him in ways I never knew were possible. I…” I sympathize with him, I thought. I can’t tell him that, he wouldn’t understand it. Maybe if I put it in simpler terms. “I don’t like knowing what he thinks and feels. It makes me… love him more as a father and as a person. It makes my mind throw away the fact that he is evil, and if I make one wrong move he will kill me without hesitation.” Yet he’ll feel pain for doing it… like the pain he felt for killing mom. He loved her and doesn’t understand why. He loves me and doesn’t understand why. He doesn’t understand love. He’d rather destroy it.Severus looked at me in a sort of lost manner, the likes of which I never thought I’d see in him. “Melody…” he whispered, “Promise me you won’t go down his path… a life of evil and destruction is not what you should want for your life… Orele nearly did, and she wouldn’t want you to either.”I sat frozen for a short bit, looking at those pleading eyes. “I’ll see what I can do, Severus… for mom’s sake and for yours…. It’s just difficult. I know from practicing with Barty last year that it’s hard not to let Dark Magic take control of me….”Suddenly, a random thought got me excited. “Like the light and dark of the force!... What if this is some sort of Star Wars thing where my dad is like Darth Vader?”Severus’ confused look at my last sentence said everything.“Sorry… you don’t watch movies, I guess… in any case, it was something I often watched as a kid and Darth Vader — someone who became evil through terrible means — secretly had some good inside of him. It’s —”Severus shook his head. “Melody, that is the talk of fairytales. As far as we know, the Dark Lord could have been this way all his life, merely keeping the evil expertly hidden at your age.”I sighed thoughtfully, looking at the ceiling. “He never had anyone to love him. Lived the most important part of his life in an orphanage, and was never adopted into a loving family. He doesn’t understand love!”I sat up a little too quickly, but I was determined to look Severus straight in the eyes. “I felt that pang of pain as he thought of when he killed my mother. I felt that pang of pain when he considered having to kill me. He had love for my mother — has love for me — and yet, when he thought of getting Seraphina killed or in trouble he had no remorse.”“He…. He really did love Orele?” he asked, as though he were a lost child. “And he really does love you?”I gave a small nod. “Fact of the matter is, though, that no matter how much he loves me… if he finds any reason to kill me as he would another, he would do it. Seraphina is more powerful than him, and he doesn’t like that. He’d rather have her killed than risk her turning against him. He thinks that her going into Hogwarts will alert Professor Dumbledore to knowing who she is and… maybe… kill her or — or so I would think if I was him — that she’d get the Dementor’s Kiss.”“Wait,” Severus said uncertainly. “I thought… I thought Seraphina asked me to talk to Dumbledore because…… So the Dark Lord doesn’t know that Dumbledore agreed to Seraphina being there?”I paused to think about that, too. I had forgotten about that factor. “I didn’t see anything in his mind that indicated he knew… maybe it was Seraphina’s idea to have you ask Professor Dumbledore for permission… so… she knew it was his plan to have her captured and possibly killed.”“You’re forgetting something, Melody.”“What’s that?”Severus looked very serious as he said this. “Being the cunning woman that she’s always been, that means she has to realize that I am more loyal to Dumbledore than to the Dark Lord.”“Which is why she didn’t take any precautions going in disguise. She asked you to get permission from Professor Dumbledore… foiling my dad’s plan… wow, she’s good.”With a disapproving look, he added, “Did the Dark Lord tell her that she was to spy on Dumbledore in this vision?”I nodded.“Dumbledore had his suspicions… he will be tolerant of Seraphina this year, but she cannot step out of line… you and I will have to watch her. She can’t relay too much information to the Dark Lord, but not so little that she’ll tell him who I really work for. This is going —”“— to be difficult, I know, but even more so,” I butt in, remembering something important.“How so?”I solemnly stared him in the eyes, knowing his reaction to what I was about to say was not going to be pleasant. I steeled myself as I said, “… Dad also wants me to get close to Harry this year, to get information out of him… and… and he wants me to help with the Azkaban breakout.”If a shattered heart was an emotion… despite my emotional walls blocking my vision, I could see Severus’ face displaying it. The realization that he could not change my early involvement in this oncoming war was made abundantly clear.

“We give our sympathies, but the rest of us will have to stay at the house. Still lots to do!” Mrs. Weasley said, bustling her way around the kitchen as she cooked lunch.“I understand, Mrs. Weasley,” I said, pulling at the neck of the black turtle-neck shirt Severus made me wear — along with a black skirt, black leggings and black dress shoes. I could tell I was going to die of either suffocation or overheating outside. The kind of clothes a mother would make a child wear.She nodded a little too vigorously before flinching at my drawn out sigh.Considering everyone in the Order actually knew who my mom was, I noticed none of them wanted to go to her funeral. As far as I could see, only Severus and Sirius were going with me. Mrs. Weasley obviously didn’t agree with what my mom chose to do earlier on in her life, so she was staying and enforcing her decision on everyone else.Out of all the Hogwarts students staying at Grimmauld Place, I was the only one to know and understand why this was.The twins were in outrage at their mother not allowing them to go to the funeral, and Hermione was puzzled enough to try finding out from Mrs. Weasley. But she was one who would die with her secrets still kept hidden, probably even with a smile on her face. I felt like I should learn from that….Mrs. Weasley stared a bit guiltily at me. “From what I’ve heard about her according to Sirius and Remus, she sounded like a very nice woman —”Back when they last saw her, which was — when? — back in their Hogwarts years. I cut her off with, “Remus? Is he coming?”“Uh… oh, yes! Didn’t you know he’s a part of the Order?”“... I suppose I should have figured that….”The kitchen door opened, and there was Severus.. in his usual robes. “It’s time to go. Are you ready?”“I don’t know now. I want to wear a normal set of clothes, too.”“Are they black? Are they formal? Are they modest?”“Well, two out of the three —”“Meaning they’re not formal —”“No,” I started sarcastically. “Meaning they’re not modest, duh! Obviously!”He gave me a look. “My robes are all three, now come or we’ll be late.”“I’ve been ready for the past hour! Where have you been?” I replied, walking through the kitchen door as he held it open.“Getting the rest of our company,” he said, following behind me into the main hallway where Sirius, Remus, and two other people stood waiting.Remus smiled warmly, “I told you I’d see you again.”I snorted, forcing a small smile. “If it could have only been under better circumstances. But, I guess I’ll take what I can get.”“You look familiar,” a young witch sporting blue hair said, eyeing me speculatively.“Melody,” Remus said, pointing to her, “this is Nymphadora Tonks —”She immediately stopped staring at me to glare at Remus, her hair turning a deep red as she sneered, “Don’t call me Nymphadora.”“— who prefers to be called by her surname only.”I nodded politely to her, doubting she was coming to the funeral because she knew my mom. She seemed very young, barely older than Fred and George.“And this man here,” he indicated the tall, black man, “is Kingsley Shacklebolt.”“I have heard a lot about you,” he said with a smile. “I remember your mother from school. I’m very sorry for your loss.”“Thanks.”“It’s starting soon,” Severus said, putting his hand to my back and gently pushing me to the door. He turned to Sirius as he did this and said, “Now may be a good time to disguise yourself, Black.”“You don’t get to tell me —” Sirius started to growl.“This is no time to start a fight,” Remus calmly interjected. “Please just transform so it’s safe for you.”That made me stop and turn around. Right, Sirius is a wanted man. But… I looked at everyone in turn, “What about me?”“What about you?” Severus asked curiously.“The Order aren’t the only people to know who my parents are……. The Ministry knows too, so how many of them are going to be there watching?”All but Severus shared glances. He answered me. “Yes, some of the Ministry officials will be there to watch over the whole procession. But they hired two of them to keep an eye on you, who happen to be Tonks and Shacklebolt.”I looked at the two of them.Tonks looked a bit sheepish, “Of course, Kingsley had to pull a few strings, but it’s worth it for you!”Sirius actually had a guilty look on his face and quickly changed into a big black dog as if to avoid human reality.“But I am being watched by Ministry officials, whether they’re in the Order or not,” I said.They all nodded.Freedom gone, just like Seraphina predicted… I let out a sigh and replied, “All right, then, let’s get this over with.” Everyone followed me outside, closing the door. We stood outside a moment before Severus put a hand on my shoulder and we Disapparated.Surprisingly enough, Severus let me lean on him until I was able to swallow my queasiness. With a gentle pat on my arm, he wandered away from me… leaving me alone in what felt like a lion’s den.It was a nice setting outside on the grass in a park, chairs facing towards the open coffin. I looked around at the people who came, pulling at the neck of my shirt again as the sun beat down heavily on me. There were what seemed to be Ministry officials standing off to the side, watching everyone around them until I walked closer to the center of the area. Then they all stared at me.In an attempt not to pay attention to them, I looked at the other guests. A few I did not know. Grandma and grandpa I saw first, talking with Gerald and Jim.Grandma coddled Blake while Lissy was off to the side playing with Nick. They hadn’t noticed my entrance yet, but some people besides the Ministry had.The Malfoys were already in seats, Draco seated in between his parents looking at me with a sad look in his eyes. They seemed to penetrate right through me as I stood there, my breath randomly knocked out of me. Suddenly, they turned suspicious as his gaze focused on something behind me…It was a low whisper, “Melody.”I looked over my shoulder in curiosity, only to snort and look away. “What are you doing here, Marcus?” What a great time for Severus and the others to completely desert me.In the flesh, Marcus Flint stood behind me. He’d indeed graduated from Hogwarts the previous year, thanks to Barty taking his place for the exams, which was why I thought I’d seen the last of him. He looked around before walking around so he could face me, quietly answering. “All of the Death Eaters are here for the loss of your mother, so I’m here with my parents. Plus, I figured you could use some comforting words.”I looked around. So that’s who a lot of these people are… most of them I only met with masks on their faces. Men with their wives and children. Greg and Vincent were there, too, with their parents and just took their seats with the Malfoys.Draco continued to stare daggers at Marcus…… What is that look in his eyes? I have to pull down more barriers, I thought miserably.When I felt Marcus’ hand on mine, I realized I’d gotten a little too lost in thought and instantly slapped his away.He continued as though it hadn’t happened. “You know it’s no problem with me.. knowing who your father is… Unlike what it seems to be for some people —” Obviously, he was referring to Draco. Touchy subject for me.“I do not need your fake sympathy, Marcus,” I snapped.He didn’t back down or look fazed even a little bit. “Look, Mel, I know we’ve had our differences, but we’ve also had our fun times. Remember —”“Differences?!” I scoffed, then lowered my voice at the strange glances from the Ministry officials. “You destroyed my trust! There’s no ‘memory lane’ moment that you can use to make it any better for you! Now go away or —”“Or what?” he took a step closer to me. “You don’t remember how much effort I dedicated to our relationship? How you used me for last year’s scheme for his resurrection?” Another step. “Either way, your father has let me know that he likes me.” Another step, and I had to turn around to face him as I backed away. “He’s even considered hiring me as your guard whenever you need to go see him.”“You’re too forward knowing who he is,” I sneered.“Maybe,” he said with a small smile.“Here’s a bit of news, anyways,” I said, taking a step toward him so I could look him in the eyes. I felt heavy anger towards him, so I wasn’t even sure what was going on as my mouth suddenly had a mind of its own. My tone was soft, but dangerous. “The key word in what he said was that he was ‘considering’ it. I don’t care when or why he said it, but I already have a bodyguard. And even if I didn’t…. I would be the first to tell my father about our relationship, how it ended, and how if you’re this close to me again.. I will not hesitate to kill you.”That caused him to take a few steps back, his eyes filled with fear and uncertainty.“You want to play around with me like I’m that sweet little Melody you remember. However, with my secret out.. the real me isn’t so sweet, now, is it? Leave me alone or you will suffer consequences….”Before I could do something I would regret, my arms were linked by those of two other people. I had to walk backwards, an overload of awkwardness settling on my conscience as I looked at the Ministry officials obviously considering that scene to be highly suspicious. Even if it was all said in a whisper, it didn’t look good with Marcus’ look of fear. I could only allow myself to be dragged away as my anger faded, and my embarrassment kicked in.Once let go, I saw myself facing… Draco and… Becky? Draco became uncomfortable, but Becky mainly looked me over as though checking for something.“Thanks…” I mumbled. “Hey, I —”But she held her hand up as she continued looking. When she did look at me, she gave her big Cheshire grin. “Well, I don’t see anything on you that could indicate you’re in cahoots with the devil.” Well, I’ll be damned. “You’re still the Melody I know — and hey, how much do these Ministry officials here know anyways?”My mouth parted halfway in surprise. She’s not mad? “I mean…” I whispered, “they figure I only just found out who my parents were — which is true with my mom, but — ooh, how can you be like this knowing who my dad is?” I was flustered, this wasn’t the treatment I expected. It was definitely her funny self to look for some sort of devil’s tail or something, but to not be scared of me?Becky wrapped her arms around me in a tight hug. “I’m still your best friend, Melody. What do I care that your father is the evil Dark Lord? Draco and I know the real you, despite anything you’ve helped him with.. right?”I hesitated as she pulled away. What can I really say is the real me? “No one can know about my involvement.”She giggled excitedly, not even worried about me not answering her previous question. “Not to worry! I’ll keep the —” she winked, “little secret. So will Trixy.”“Only problem is,” Draco butt in. “Most of Slytherin House will know due to their parents being Death Eaters. They’ll keep the secret, certainly, but it’ll make the year harder.”“I’m not so sure about that if they’re all still going to be scared of me,” I said, personally relieved to have both friends talking to me. It gave me some semblance of normality despite the circumstances I was stuck with.I figure I can get through all of this if I can just handle the Ministry being on my tail. And lying to my Gryffindor friends. “But then again… I’m not so sure I could trust first years not to squeal.”“Right,” Draco agreed. “Even if the whole thing is put down as a mere rumor, there will still be people trying to avoid you as much as possible.”I sighed, holding my hands over my face, “Great, just great. Well, hopefully no Death Eater kids let the news slip.” But then I looked to the both of them, the pit in my stomach still there on me not telling them everything. “I’m sorry that I never told you what I knew about my family… my dad…. It was when I’d just been getting to know you two, and I didn’t want to scare you off. Then it got to be too late to tell you and I.. I just —”“We understand,” Becky said with a small smile. “I always knew something was wrong — you know that — since the end of the first month of our first year. I couldn’t figure out why you wouldn’t tell me. I mean, what would excuse your secrecy?.. But this does. You were afraid of our judgment… of losing our friendship.”“Let’s not worry about it. We know now… just don’t hide anything from us again, okay?” Draco pleaded with a small smile.I gave a smile in return, forcing the barriers inside my mind to not crumble and fall as they were threatening to do. Clearing my throat, I said, “You know you can’t tell Fred, George, or Hermione about my spy work, right?”Becky sighed, “I figured. Beats me why you finally get to open up to me with your secrets only for me to have to keep them… especially from George.”The two love birds, I thought sadly. Hopefully she’s good at keeping secrets, even if it is from the guy she cares about so much.I looked around curiously as someone else Apparated there, power emanating off of them in waves. They weren’t very recognizable either. I looked at Draco, “Another Death Eater?”He looked at the newcomer in confusion. “I don’t know her.”I looked back at her curiously. Curly brown hair kind of like mom’s. Gray eyes, not quite the Ollivander silvery gray. Pert little nose. Looked about my age. Short height…. As well as a very familiar choker. “Ohhh,” I said in realization. “Yeah, no Death Eater… that’s my secret guard and teacher for the school year.”Draco looked confused. “That’s not Seraphina.”“Yes, that is. She told me she had a hand at illusion, I just didn’t know how good. I suppose she’s found an alias to go under while at school with me.”As she came up to the three of us, I couldn’t help but smile. Is she trying to be some relative of mine, or something?She held her hand out to me with a wink, talking in a low Italian accent, “Anastasia Capitani, distant cousin of Orele’s, I am so sorry for your loss —” this next part she said in a whisper, “to others I only speak Italian, so you two” she looked at Becky and Draco “should look confused as I say this: I am playing as a third or fourth cousin of yours living in Italy. I’m going to Hogwarts with you to learn a bit of English and see how the famous Scotland school works. Oh, and Melody, you know how to speak Italian.”“I do?.. I mean.. yeah…” I felt lucky my feelings were blocked, because otherwise my face would look exactly as Becky and Draco’s looked at that moment. Lost. Also, a Ministry official was walking towards us, so I started stalling with the information Seraphina had said. “I have cousins in Italy. I forgot to tell you about the letter I got —”“Letter about.. Anastasia here?” Becky played along, pointing at Seraphina who acted like she didn’t notice the gesture.. or maybe she wasn’t acting….She actually stared at the Ministry official — a short woman — with some barely hidden distaste.This sounded fake even to me, but I had to keep going. “Yeah. Looks like that first sentence was the most amount of English she knows so far, but she’s coming to Hogwarts with us this year to learn some. It’s also some sort of project she has to note some of the main differences between —”“Hem hem.” A small voice, high pitched yet sounding — and feeling — like poison honey. Seriously, she has the audacity to just interrupt a conversation?I turned to see the Ministry woman. A little bit too good of a look at her, too. She had a toad-like face with a disturbing little smile. I had a very bad feeling this was someone I would not enjoy knowing. I didn’t like what her personality gave off.If sugar could kill.“Hi?” I said.“Melody Riddle?” she asked.. sort of kindly.“Yeah.. um, what’s your name?” She seemed the type to enjoy proper greetings, was that proper enough?It seemed good enough as she beamed at me. “Dolores Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic. May I speak to you alone?”“Sure…” I said, waving to Becky and Draco before awkwardly following her.She stopped a short ways away to face me. “So sorry for your loss. I also presume that you’ve recently been informed of the secret identities of your biological parents?”I glanced around for where Severus could be. I noticed him nearby, watching us, and he gave a small nod of encouragement. “Yeah… I have.”“Are you also aware you will be under close investigation due to this information?”“That’s news to me… but I guess it makes sense for you to be cautious.”“I’m glad you understand,” she said brightly.Sure.. I understand… “So what is the procedure? Are there certain rules I need to follow for you to ensure that I’m stable, or whatever?”She giggled. Even that sounded evil… who is this woman?! “I’ll just be keeping a close eye on you this year. You should have nothing to worry about.”She’ll actually be at Hogwarts this year… great, just great. I do have something to worry about, you creepy woman, what about it?… It didn’t make it any better that Seraphina was glaring daggers at this woman as though she wouldn’t notice.“It looks like I also need to keep watch over — what did you say she was to you? A cousin?” Umbridge now pointed at Seraphina.“A third or fourth cousin,” I said with a shrug. “Why her?”“You could see why we’d find it suspicious that, out of any year she could have done it, she decided to do her little project this year, can’t you?”“But… her school decided —”“I’ll see you at the start of term,” she interrupted with a smug little smile, and walked away.I felt lost. They were suspicious of Seraphina. That couldn’t be good.“Did she really say that?” Seraphina stood next to me asking that question. She couldn’t have heard, so my next best bet was that she looked into my mind.“How are you doing that when I have so many barriers up?” I asked, keeping everything I really didn’t want her to know in the deepest corners of my mind.“Strong magic, darling, keep up,” she said with a sly grin.I snorted, “I know… and yeah, she’s going to be keeping an eye on you, too… what is she going to be doing at Hogwarts besides watching us?”“What’s the one open position for teachers this year?”“Oh, right… Defense Against the Dark Arts… how appropriate….”Seraphina chuckled, but then sighed. “We’ll have to be a lot more careful than I thought we needed to be.” Then she really looked at me, “I have to tell you something.”“What?”“Your father has something he’d like you to do for this year, besides learning Dark magic from me —”“Spy on Harry Potter while you spy on Professor Dumbledore?” I asked before she could continue. Now this is a first, I thought proudly as she looked genuinely surprised at me.“How —?”“Lucky guess considering I know the man… or should he be called the snake?”Seraphina chuckled, but looked at me curiously. And Severus thought I was being so trusting toward her… which I was. I liked her a lot. But some of what Severus had kept reminding me when I’d spent so much time with her rang through my ears, especially after the vision of her and my dad.She was dad’s ally. Not mine.“You’re hiding something,” she said with a grin. “Amazing that you’ve been able to hide it from me so far.”Ooh, awkward… I looked around, and saw my family go sit down in the front row. “I want to go sit down with my family, I’ll see you on the train… and maybe let you know what I’m hiding from you, if I am truly hiding anything.”She grinned in approval, “Smart girl. I will see you then.”I made my way over to the seats, and plopped down next to Lissy. “Hey, how is everything?” I asked as I looked along the line of my family.“We’ve been doing pretty well, considering,” Lissy said, wrapping her arms around me in a tight hug.Grandma and grandpa patted me comfortingly on my shoulders.“The real question is,” Gerald said, taking a seat on my other side, “if you’re okay?”I grimaced, “As well as I can… I still feel awful.”“You’re not the only one,” he admitted, staring guiltily at the coffin.“Don’t be so hard on yourself,” I said softly. “It’s not your fault.”I leaned back to look at Jim. He had his arms crossed and stared at mom’s coffin, acting like I wasn’t there…. He no longer had anything to say to me. I guess I couldn’t blame him.“Blake’s been crying a lot since… what happened…” Lissy said. “So either he misses your mom, you, or both.”I sighed, “He’s never cried after I’ve left the house before, so I know which one it is.”“Come hold him anyways,” grandma said with a smile. “I know you missed him.”I nodded, standing to go and take Blake from her. He was restless in her arms, looking everywhere around himself, upset. I picked him up — he got heavy! well, he is two… — and he stopped.I smiled, walls threatening to fall down as I carried him back to my seat. It was a bad idea to do that, because my affection for him felt like it was just pouring through a big hole in my walls. It wasn’t good, but yet I didn’t want to let him go. I looked at Lissy, and draped my free arm around her. I cared about her, too. Lissy took hold of my hand. And Nick… I looked at him, seated next to Jim, and beckoned him to me.Nick looked lost, but he got up and came over anyway. I brought my arm around Lissy to hug him as well. He slowly hugged me back.“I know you just got to know her this past year,” I said softly. “But, she’ll always be in your memories… and I swear —” at this I looked to all three of them in turn, “— I will be here for you guys when you need me. I’ll find a quick way for all of you to contact me so I can be there to help as soon as possible.”I don’t know what came over me to say all of that.. such an extreme promise.. but it seemed to calm the boys. Lissy merely smiled gratefully.“Yay Melly,” Blake said, playing with my hair. He was slow in learning words, but that he even tried to say my name made my day that much better.

I walked into Grimmauld Place with such an unsettling frown on my face, it caused even Hermione to hold off on hugging me as soon as I came in the door.“What’s wrong?” she asked.“Right…. We expected tears. You look as though you’re extremely mad about something,” Fred said in concern.I shook my head, trying not to say anything. I should have left with tears on my face after seeing my mother lying motionless and pale in a coffin, along with some mild joy that I’d gotten some time with Lissy and my brothers.But no.I walked up to mom’s coffin, and seeing her like that just made me furious. All I could think was that she didn’t have to die. Why did she have to visit dad and provoke his temper to the extreme? She could have stayed home. The problems between us would have dissipated by now… I would have been able to take back what I said to her… she and dad could have had a different ending to their conversation.Not only did I have to deal with that, but Seraphina pulled me aside as everyone else left. “You need to pull down more walls than just that one I notice missing. This funeral was too much stimulation for your emotions. You must watch out if you don’t want to break down at random.”My anger was stewing, and part of the trouble at that moment was that I was trying not to let it scream like hot water in a kettle pot. Just letting it lightly heat up… it would take a long time to get it all out, though. But, I felt, if it kept my walls up then so be it.What also made it worse was Becky asking, “So if you’re pretending to be on your dad’s side, does that mean you would still have to kill people who are against him? In order to keep his trust in you, of course.”Then Draco’s response, “Don’t be ridiculous! Of course she’s on his side! He’s her father!”… She figured I was a spy for Professor Dumbledore and the Order… and Draco believed I was mainly a spy for my dad. If only I could know for sure how I felt about it, then I could’ve told them exactly who I sided with. In the end, as much as I wanted to say that I was for Dumbledore… it proved difficult when he only wanted to keep me in the dark like Harry.Either way, they had both looked curiously at me for my answer. I had pretended Severus was calling me, speeding away so I could avoid it.Maybe I’ll be sure about it later on… or not….My complicated relationship with Draco wasn’t going to make things any better this year, not with the Ministry taking root at school. I was going to snap so much more often, I could feel it.. and with Draco still liking me as more than a friend — me still liking him, too — wasn’t going to help. I knew he would eventually be trying to reconcile for my breakup outburst, and I’d be stuck continuing to push him away and say no. I couldn’t be worrying about a relationship on top of having that weird Umbridge woman watching me.I also realized afterwards that I would probably see more of Marcus than I had ever wanted or intended to — him gaining my dad’s favor gave me more problems than if he had just stayed an extra year at Hogwarts….And.. what if more time with dad makes me love him too much to continue down the path my mom wanted me to follow? I can’t save him from his path, for the sake of the world. All of this is going to be a lot harder than I thought, especially with me even enjoying the company of his strongest ally — which annoys the hell out of Severus.Fred put his hands on my shoulders and shook me roughly out of my thoughts, “Hello, is someone in there?”I — automatically — just as roughly pushed him away, backing myself into the wall from the force with a thud. Shaking a little, I looked around the room. Fred, George, Ginny and Hermione stared at me with an overload of worry while Ron looked on curiously at my behavior. In the doorway stood Severus, Remus and Sirius — all three, I could tell, were about to say something to me. I knew I wouldn’t be able to say much or stand any questions, so I covered my mouth with my hand while muttering a “Sorry!” and ran up to my room.Once I was safely there, I took deep breaths to try regaining my composure for I’d begun to breathe heavily in a panic about my forefront emotional wall breaking apart. I sat down on my bed and took a peek into my mind — a great large hole had been made, and it was all from going to that funeral. Damnit, I thought, wondering if there was a possibility to fix it.I put my hand to my head — as if I could fix the cracks in the wall by doing what people did when they had headaches. No, I thought resignedly. I’ll have to take this wall down. No point in even trying to patch it up when it’s this badly damaged. As I let the wall fall apart, a very strong feeling seemed to land a punch right in my stomach as if falling from hundreds of feet in the air on top of me.Guilt.I let out a tearful choke as I forced myself out of my mind, holding my hand to my mouth to hold off the possible sobs that didn’t come.Thirteen down… twelve more to go. And it wasn’t getting any easier to take them down. It was ridiculous how much more there were to go, and yet the pain since the last wall went from about twenty to ninety. Guilt had already shown up to rear its head in my mind, so… how much guilt does that show I have? Four years’ worth?“Are you all right?”I looked up to see Severus walk in.“Is something the matter?” He sat down next to me on the bed, and I wondered… what if he had been a father?“I… a lot happened at the funeral, and I started to ponder it all too much. I didn’t mean to push Fred like that, but all that anger just festering inside me decided to lash out…… I only just now took away that broken down wall. I have twelve left, and it’s not getting any easier to take them down.”“There’s a lot of guilt,” he noted.I nodded silently. “Lissy and my brothers have to live with this now… my friends each have their own idea of whose side I’m on, and I’m technically still lying to them because I couldn’t give a straight answer as to which one it is… my other friends believe I just found out about who my father is and that I’m trying to cope with it, plus him killing my mom… Draco is nearly a separate matter altogether, because I’m afraid of what could happen if I continued letting him be my boyfriend… I’ll be having this Ministry woman on my back for this whole year… I like Seraphina even though I know she can’t be trusted — especially since she knows how I’m feeling, or what I’m thinking, so I have to always watch myself around her… my dad, now that — that — that’s even more complicated because I have mixed feelings with how much he cares for me, and yet — and yet he denies it so furiously because he doesn’t want to be weak… Severus, this is all so much —”“I know, Melody…” he said softly, rubbing soft circles on my back. “You shouldn’t have had to go through all of this.”“I do though, don’t you see?” I asked, my heart filling with despair. “I deserve all of this… because I put myself in it. I chose to help my dad return to power. I kept it a secret from everyone for all this time. It’s my doing, so I deserve whatever backfires on me.”We were silent for a time. Severus seemed to finally work up the courage after a while to take hold of my hand, and squeeze it softly as a form of comfort. I let a grateful smile show.The moment was soon gone, however, when Remus and Sirius burst into the room. Severus withdrew his hand, as though he couldn’t be allowed to show how he cares for his god daughter.Remus did the talking. “Dementors on Privet Drive. Mundungus left his shift, and the boy had to take care of them on his own. He’s going to be expelled!”Severus’ anger skyrocketed and he burst out of the room, leaving with Remus. Only Sirius stayed behind.“W-what?” I burst, trying to make sense of all the information that had been thrown out.“Are you all right?” he asked instead.“I’m fine, but what did you all mean?”“We have a shift of guards watching over Harry at the home he lives in on a Muggle street called Privet Drive. It was Mundungus’ shift, and he left in the middle of it to God knows where. Dementors attacked Harry and his cousin, and Harry had to use his magic to protect himself. He’s going to be expelled for underage magic.”“But he had good reason!” I said in shock. “They can’t expel him!”“This is the Ministry, Melody,” he said, placatingly. “And at the moment, they want to discredit Harry as much as possible with all he’s been saying about Lord Voldemort coming back. Dumbledore will do what he can to lift the charges.”“And he’ll win, right?”“I believe so. Even though the Minister is doing his best to discredit Dumbledore as well, I’m sure he’ll still win Harry’s case and let Harry go with just a warning.”“... Why were there Dementors on Privet Drive anyways unless they were sent there?”Sirius contemplated that. “Voldemort…”It couldn’t be dad, I thought as Sirius rushed out of the room. He wants Harry all to himself. Any damage done would be Harry’s death done by his own hand…. No, there must be someone in the ministry who sent the Dementors after him so he’d have to be expelled.The worst part about all of it was that I couldn’t share my true opinions with everybody. I supposedly only just found out about my dad, so to others I wouldn’t possibly know anything personal about him.Life officially sucked.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I began waking up in the middle of the night, sweating and breathing heavily. Something.. somebody.. kept chasing me. And each time I slept, they were getting closer and closer. Is it dad? Is it a Dementor? Is it a Death Eater? Is it a member of the Order? Is it Seraphina? Is it Harry?... Is it mom?Finally, I had to sit up and wonder… was it my dream from when I was younger just showing up again?... I realized it was. I’d had the Inner Eye as a warning for my future, and I hadn’t even realized it. But who is chasing me? Who am I so afraid of?“You can’t sleep either?”I looked up. Ginny and Hermione were awake. Ginny was the one who’d asked.Somehow, I felt relieved not to be the only one awake. When I was younger, I had my mom’s bed to go lay down in when I had my nightmare. Only thing was that she was always asleep, and I never wanted to wake her up.“No.. with all that’s going on, it’s going to be hard to get back to sleeping normally,” I said softly. Honestly. Sleeping hadn’t been all that great to begin with since mom died, since it was so much easier to get up early in the morning… but this was the first time the nightmares had shown up since before I’d turned eight.“I don’t blame you,” Hermione said while she and Ginny moved over to my bed. They squeezed in under the covers with me… and that was how I realized that my bed was bigger than I thought. Do these things expand on their own? “With all that you’ve been through this past month, who wouldn’t have trouble? And now, Harry’s got trouble going his way.”“I guess we’ll both be having problems this year. Especially with the Ministry.”“Well,” Ginny said, “you both also have us as your friends. We’re here for you.”I was happy it was still dark at that moment, because I automatically had a sad smile on my face. “I never doubted it.” But how good of a friend can I really be when I’ve been helping the wizard you are all so against? Nevertheless, even with those painful thoughts filling my mind, I was able to sleep easily for the rest of the night.I woke up alone, but I felt rested. I got up and walked down the stairs, smelling pancakes… and hearing screeches of pain and swearing? I entered the dining room to see a white owl pecking away at the hands of Sirius, Ron, and Hermione.“Bloody hell, Hedwig!” Ron began to shout, mixing in with Sirius’ swears.A painting in the hallway behind me was suddenly revealed from behind the mysterious curtains I’d seen when I first moved in. A bloodcurdling scream was then heard from the woman in the painting, loud enough that I had to cover my ears.“Mudbloods and filth in my house! Leave this place and never return, you mutants — you dirt — you —”Sirius, while plugging his ears, staggered towards the painting. As did Remus. The both of them grabbed the curtains, and struggled to close them.“Shut up, woman!” Sirius shouted, mustering up more than enough strength to pull the curtains the rest of the way.I unplugged my ears, though they still rang once the room was silent.“Phew!” Sirius said, walking up next to me.“And what lovely woman was that?” I asked.“My mother,” he replied grimly.My eyes widened in realization. “Wait a darn minute! That means my grandparents can put my mom in a painting, right?”“They could have,” a voice came from behind me. “But that’s a very expensive business. And she explicitly stated in her will that she did not wish to be placed in a portrait.”I slowly turned my head to see Professor Dumbledore standing behind me. He seemed to have a lot of frustration built up in him that I hadn’t expected to see from the powerful wizard.“Oh…” I said in disappointment. Then I looked at what was in his hand and groaned. An owl cage with Ebony, mom’s barn owl… I guess she’s now mine. “Did mom say that Ebony is mine in her will?”“Yes,” Professor Dumbledore said in slight amusement, taking a look at the angry owl ruffling her feathers. She hated cages. “I thought I’d wait a while before I gave you her owl. Give you the time to mourn before you get one of your mother’s possessions… considering how upset she’s been the past few weeks, it may be best to let her out now.”Ebony hooted as though in complete agreement.“After this crazy owl quits pecking people,” I said, pointing to the white owl that was perched at the very center of the table, hooting angrily. “I don’t want Ebony to feel inclined to join in.”“Ah, is that Harry’s owl?”“Yes! She’s mad for whatever reason!” Ron said.“Must be Harry’s doing,” he said, picking up one of the letters. I peeked around his arm to read it: I’ve just been attacked by Dementors and I might be expelled from Hogwarts. I want to know what’s going on and when I’m going to get out of here. There were three of these; each addressed to Sirius, Ron, and Hermione. Harry is not happy. This is especially the case if he felt like he had to tell his owl… Hedwig, was it?... to peck the living hell out of these people just to get answers. Boy, am I glad none of this had to come to that for me… actually, wait, it’s way worse being able to know what’s going on… so much to hide… yet I still prefer knowing over being kept out of the loop.Professor Dumbledore turned to the three of them, with short glances at me as he talked. “Don’t tell him anything. We’re figuring out how to transport him here from Privet Drive in a few days. The less he knows, the better.”“Not that we even know that much,” Ron grumbled.He looked at me, then. I gave a small nod. Is there really that much doubt that I know to stay quiet? Apparently so.

“So you haven’t been in the meetings, big deal! You’ve still been here, haven’t you? You’ve still been together! Me, I’ve been stuck at the Dursleys’ for a month! And I’ve handled more than you two’ve ever managed and Dumbledore knows it — who saved the sorcerer’s stone? Who got rid of Riddle? Who saved both your skins from the Dementors?”I sat just outside Fred and George’s room, with said twins, listening to this insanity. It was the first time I’d heard Harry shout so loud — it was also the only indication that there was even a conversation going on with Ron and Hermione — and yet we were a floor above them. It had been a few days since the incident I’d heard about with the Dementors, and the members of the Order had just brought him in. It was almost dinner time.We’d been using these Extendable Ears the twins created for the joke shop they’d somehow gotten the money to get their merchandise started. One would’ve already guessed that would be their future job. Though, so far, we hadn’t been hearing anything, even without Harry’s voice being so loud.“How often is he like this?” I asked the twins. But the shouting restarted before they could get any words out.“Who had to get past dragons and sphinxes and every other foul thing last year? Who saw him come back? Who had to escape from him? Me!“But why should I know what’s going on? Why should anyone bother to tell me what’s been happening?

“Can’t’ve wanted to that much, can you, or you’d have sent me an owl, but Dumbledore made you swear!

“Four weeks I’ve been stuck in Privet Drive, nicking papers out of bins to try and find out what’s been going on!

“I suppose you’ve been having a real laugh, haven’t you, all holed up here together —”And just like that, the shouting stopped — was cut off. Everything was quiet once again.“Well, it’s not often he’s this upset around us. So we don’t know,” Fred said.“Nothing beats your temper, though,” George added.“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I said, turning my head the other way and crossing my arms.The boys chuckled. George replied, “Becky tells me she’s seen the worst of your temper, too. She feels lucky not to have been receiving it.”I looked at him, “When did she tell you this?”“It was a letter sent to me yesterday. Something about your temper being unleashed at the funeral.”Those cheeky grins! Ooh when I get my magic…“Flint get on your nerves much?” Fred added.“You’d get mad too, if you had him for an ex… the nerve of him —”They laughed loudly — not as loud as Harry’s shout, mind, but loud enough. “And — and what about with Malfoy? Did he —”“Well, the suspense with what’s going on is killing me,” I said quickly, standing up. “I’m going to go see what’s going on downstairs.”“Nonsense!” they said, their laughs ending just like that. They seemed surprised. So Becky didn’t tell them either about our break up. Probably assumes I already have…I did a little wave, “See you later!”They jumped up, each grabbing an arm, and Disapparated. A little owl twittered madly and flew to the top of a wardrobe along with Harry’s snowy owl. Maybe Ron’s owl since Hermione already has Crookshanks.Fred sidestepped out of my reach as I tried to grab him — just once, let me throw up on you! I thought irritably.“Stop doing that!” Hermione said, sounding flustered.After biting down my sickness, I yelled in exasperation, “I just wanted to walk down the stairs!”The twins ignored the both of us, turning to beam at Harry.“Hello, Harry. We thought we heard your dulcet tones,” George said.Fred continued, “You don’t want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out. There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didn’t hear you.”I snorted, but Harry didn’t look to be in the mood for any jokes.“You two passed your Apparition tests, then?” he asked, a large frown on his face.“With distinction,” Fred said, playing around with the Extendable Ears in his hands. It was a flesh colored string with an ear attached.“It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to walk down the stairs,” Ron said.“What do you think I’ve been trying to tell them? You’re lucky they don’t take you with them,” I said, feeling a bit grumpy, myself.“Time is Galleons, little brother…” Fred said. “Anyway, Harry, you’re interfering with reception. Extendable Ears,” he added quickly once Harry’s eyebrows raised in question, and held them up. “We’re trying to hear what’s going on downstairs.”“You want to be careful, if mum sees one of them again…” Ron started to say.“It’s worth the risk, that’s a major meeting they’re having,” Fred said.And it’s the one time I decide to join in, because it

a major meeting. But what happens during that one? There’s nothing coming in the reception. Just my luck.The door opened, then, and Ginny came in. “Oh, hello, Harry! I thought I heard your voice.” That is too happy a voice for a person who’d been shouting in anger, I thought. But then, she turned to the twins and said, “It’s no-go with the Extendable Ears, she’s gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door.”

why — I knew it couldn’t just be Harry’s fault.The disappointment set into their faces as George asked, “How d’you know?”“Tonks told me how to find out. You just chuck stuff at the door and if it can’t make contact the door’s been Imperturbed. I’ve been flicking Dungbombs at it from the top of the stairs and they just soar away from it, so there’s no way the Extendable Ears will be able to get under the gap.”Fred heaved a deep sigh. “Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snape’s been up to.”Either that’s because he knows Severus’ job is something important, or they all still don’t like him and just want to know what’s up with him.“Snape!” Harry quickly exclaimed. “Is he here?”“Yeah,” George said, softly closing the door and sitting down on one of the beds; Fred and Ginny did the same. I leaned against a wall.  “Giving a report. Top secret.”“Git,” Fred added, as though it added something interesting.“He’s on our side now,” Hermione said with a frown, giving a glance at me as though I’d get upset. I knew how they felt about Severus, and this had started before I got so close with him, so I understood. There were things he did that were expressly against Gryffindor house, so I wasn’t going to defend him against them. Especially since the worst of it was always pointed at Harry.“Doesn’t stop him being a git,” Ron said with a snort. “The way he looks at us when he sees us.”“Bill doesn’t like him, either,” Ginny said.“Is Bill here?” Harry asked. “I thought he was working in Egypt?”Fred answered with ease — happiness, even. “He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order. He says he misses the tombs, but;” he gave a playful smirk, “there are compensations.”“What d’you mean?”George answered this time, giving a horrible French accent when mocking the woman he spoke of — who I recalled, but never met personally. “Remember old Fleur Delacour? She’s got a job at Gringotts to eempwoove ‘er Eenglish —”“And Bill’s been giving her a lot of private lessons,” Fred sniggered.George continued, “Charlie’s in the Order, too, but he’s still in Romania. Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlie’s trying to make contacts on his days off.”“Couldn’t Percy do that?” Harry asked. That brother’s name was familiar, the most successful of the kids who was prefect and then head boy. He actually flaunted it, which Draco had made fun of quite often.What was news to the both of us was how Hermione and all the Weasleys in the room exchanged upset looks… dark looks. Something happen with Percy?Ron was the first to speak, “Whatever you do, don’t mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad.”“Why not?”“Because every time Percy’s name’s mentioned, Dad breaks whatever he’s holding and Mum starts crying,” Fred answered.“It’s been awful,” Ginny said.George seemed most mad about it when he said, “I think we’re well shut of him.”“What’s happened?” Harry asked.“Percy and dad had a row,” Fred said. “I’ve never seen dad row with anyone like that. It’s normally mum who shouts.”Ron continued, “It was the first week back after term ended. We were about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and told us he’d been promoted.”Promoted? I guess I could see why they’d have a row, after the way the Minister decided to believe only in what

“You’re kidding?” Harry said in disbelief.“Yeah, we were all surprised,” George said, “because Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch, there was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought to have realized Crouch was off his rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wasn’t going to complain.”“So how come they promoted him?”“That’s exactly what we wondered,” Ron said. “He came home really pleased with himself — even more pleased than usual, if you can imagine that — and told dad he’s been offered a position in Fudge’s own office. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts: Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected dad to be all impressed, I think.”“Only dad wasn’t,” Fred said grimly.“Why not?” Harry asked.I felt like I was intruding on this family’s business. I didn’t belong in that room. I had never been a part of their personal problems before, and I shouldn’t have been there at that moment.Why do Hermione and the twins trust me so much?“Well, apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry checking that nobody’s been having any contact with Dumbledore,” George said.

is information worth knowing. The Minister is making sure his own employees aren’t in cahoots with whom he considers a ‘crackpot’ of sorts. If so, they either get fired or just don’t get caught like Tonks and Shacklebolt.“Dumbledore’s name is mud with the Ministry these days, see,” Fred said. “They all think he’s just making trouble saying You-Know-Who’s back.”“Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone who’s in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks,” George said.“Trouble is, Fudge suspects dad. He knows he’s friendly with Dumbledore, and he’s always thought dad’s a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle obsession.”“But what’s that got to do with Percy?” Harry asked. I was starting to wonder about that, too.“I’m coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office because he wants to use him to spy on the family — and Dumbledore.”Harry let out a low whistle, filling in the silence that followed. Family issues… why must they exist? “Bet Percy loved that.”Ron gave a hollow laugh. “He went completely berserk. He said — well, he said loads of terrible stuff. He said he’s been having to struggle against dad’s lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that dad’s got no ambition and that’s why we’ve always been — you know — not had a lot of money, I mean —”Ginny made a screechy noise while Harry breathed in disbelief, “What?”Ron lowered his voice, “I know. And it got worse. He said dad was an idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big trouble and dad was going to go down with him, and that he — Percy — knew where his loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry. And if mum and dad were going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going to make sure everyone knew he didn’t belong to our family any more. And he packed his bags the same night and left. He’s living here in London now.”As Harry muttered something under his breath, I started to wonder, what if I was around Percy’s age? Would I have moved out of the house because of my row with my mom? Moved in with dad or Becky or something? Then I’d be feeling real stupid.“Mum’s been in a right state. You know — crying and stuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slammed the door in her face. I dunno what he does if he meets dad at work — ignores him, I s’pose.”“But Percy must know Voldemort’s back,” Harry began slowly. “He’s not stupid, he must know your mum and dad wouldn’t risk everything without proof.”Everyone but Harry and I flinched at the name. Hermione, Ginny and the twins gave me short glances as though they worried I’d be upset. I’m fine, the mere mention of his name is not going to force me into tears.“Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row,” Ron said. “Percy said the only evidence was your word and… I dunno… he didn’t think it was good enough.”“Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously,” Hermione said, to the nods of everyone. As do so many other people, I thought. My own mother dying of a heart attack — the nerve!“What are you talking about?” Harry asked.“Haven’t — haven’t you been getting the Daily Prophet!” Hermione asked.Why does she sound so nervous! I thought. Is Harry’s anger that terrifying? Please, I’ve seen worse from both of my parents. It’s part of the reason I’m also so terrifying when I’m angry…. But I also wonder; what has been put in the articles in the Daily Prophet? I don’t keep up with the news like everyone else… oh, maybe Hermione can tell me if she saw the article written about my mom!“Yeah, I have!” Harry said defensively. But how much? I wondered.“Have you — er — been reading it thoroughly?”“Not cover to cover. If they were going to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline news, wouldn’t it?”The others flinched once again, while Hermione quickly continued. “Well, you’d need to read it cover to cover to pick it up, but they — um — they mention you a couple times a week.”

“But I’d have seen —”“Not if you’ve only been reading the front page, you wouldn’t,” Hermione said, shaking her head. “I’m not talking about big articles. They just slip you in, like you’re a standing joke.”

“What d’you —?”Hermione sounded like she had to force her voice to sound calm as she said, “It’s quite nasty, actually. They’re just building on Rita’s stuff.”“But she’s not writing for them any more, is she?”“Oh, no, she’s kept her promise — not that she’s got any choice.” Hermione gave a smug smile.I couldn’t help my own small smile, wow, she actually blackmailed the bug. Good for her.  “But she laid the foundation for what they’re trying to do now.”“Which is what?” Harry lightly snapped.Somebody’s impatient, I thought, reminding me of myself as I waited and waited for people to finally tell me who my dad was.“Okay, you know she wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and saying your scar was hurting and all that?”“Yeah.”“Well, they’re writing about you as though you’re this deluded, attention-seeking person who thinks he’s a great tragic hero or something.” Hermione said this very quickly. Like it would be different to hear it quickly and painlessly. Like a band-aid. “They keep slipping in snide comments about you. If some far-fetched story appears, they say something like, ‘tale worthy of Harry Potter’, and if anyone has a funny accident or anything it’s, ‘let’s hope he hasn’t got a scar on his forehead or we’ll be asked to worship him next —”Harry’s expression turned furious in a matter of seconds. “I don’t want anyone to worship —” he started.It’s okay, nobody here is accusing you, I thought.Hermione cut him off quickly, perhaps so he wouldn’t start shouting again. “I know you don’t. I know, Harry. But you see what they’re doing? They want to turn you into someone nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it, I’ll bet anything. They want wizards on the street to think you’re just some stupid boy who’s a bit of a joke, who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and wants to keep it going.”“I didn’t ask — I didn’t want — Voldemort killed my parents! I got famous because he murdered my family but couldn’t kill me! Who wants to be famous for that? Don’t they think I’d rather it’s never —”“We know, Harry,” Ginny said kindly.“And of course, they didn’t report a word about the Dementors attacking you,” Hermione said. “Someone’s told them to keep that quiet. That should’ve been a really big story, out-of-control Dementors. They haven’t even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy. We thought they would, it would tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off. We think they’re biding their time until you’re expelled, then they’re really going to go to town — I mean, if you’re expelled, obviously. You really shouldn’t be, not if they abide by their own laws, there’s no case against you.”Wait a second, I realized. Why would they put an article about my mom dying if she’s not an important person like Harry, the Minister, or Professor Dumbledore? Well, she’s the daughter of the infamous Ollivander, but when has that ever made her famous? It —My train of thought was interrupted. Footsteps sounded, coming up the stairs, and the twins — tugging at their Extendable Ear with grins — gave a resounding “Uh oh,” and Disapparated.“So they think to bring me with them when they go somewhere, but when they leave I’m left behind,” I said with a scoff. “I wouldn’t want to go to an alternate dimension with them.” Ginny and Hermione giggled lightly.Mrs. Weasley appeared in the doorway, “The meeting’s over, you can come down and have dinner now. Everyone’s dying to see you, Harry. And who’s left all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen door?”“Crookshanks,” Ginny responded with ease. “He loves playing with them.”“Oh, I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keeps doing odd things like that. Now don’t forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and wash them before dinner, please.”Kreacher, I hadn’t seen much of… it was kind of like I was the only person he avoided so easily. He was the house elf — and Sirius despised him as much as the creature despised him back.Ginny grimaced at all of us before following Mrs. Weasley out of the room. I quickly followed behind them so Harry, Ron and Hermione could have some time together, just the three of them. Since everybody decided to burst in on their conversation.While Mrs. Weasley and Ginny went back to the kitchen, I leaned over the banister to see all the witches and wizards in the Order whispering excitedly to each other. Severus stood in the very center of the group, so I made my way down the stairs to meet up with him. He saw me coming.“So,” I said when I reached him, “you gave the report to watch the Department of Mysteries?”“Yes,” he said curtly, pulling me over to the side to whisper in my ear. “Not so loud. You’re not supposed to know,” he hissed.I pulled my arm out of his grasp, “Oh, chill out, everyone’s paying attention to their own conversations.”He crossed his arms and looked around at everybody. Exactly as I’d said, everybody was still engaged in their own conversations. It wasn’t like I’d shouted it at the top of my lungs, so nobody noticed.“Was there anything else you told them?” I asked after a few moment’s silence between us.“None of your concern, Melody. Worry about your own problems —”“But those are my problems —”He gave me a look that said to shut up.My shoulders drooped, but then I thought of something. “Why wouldn’t you let me look at the article published about my mom… that day when you were taking me here?”“Melody, we’re not discussing this here,” he said dismissively.“Yes, we’re doing this here and now,” I replied defiantly. “Why would there be an article about her death unless the Ministry considered her as somebody important to speak of? They especially wouldn’t talk about a woman no one knows about when her death is just a heart attack. What else was said about her death, Severus?”Severus, himself, was looking infuriated with me. His hands formed into tight fists. “Enough, Melody,” he said, his teeth clenched together.“What? Are you annoyed with your goddaughter now? Are you extra happy now that you’ve dumped me off here so you can be alone at home with your books and meals so you don’t have me to bother you? Huh?”“Melody —”“I know I haven’t always been truthful with you — and I am really sorry for withholding information from you — but now I tell you nothing except the truth. I have told you everything. Don’t I deserve that same courtesy?”He didn’t respond. His anger receded, and I could sense his feeling of guilt.“You told me to trust you that day in Professor Dumbledore’s office. And whether or not that trust is for me believing that you just want me to be safe, I’ll take a note from Seraphina as I say this — how can I trust someone who hides what he’s doing from me? Who hides from me the things that I need to know, that pertain to me — whether or not I’m of age shouldn’t make a difference. The point is that these things are being hidden from me when they shouldn’t. I don’t care what Professor Dumbledore believes… I — and even Harry — need to know what is going on. I know you understand that, I can feel it, so why do you do what he says? Yet, when it comes to being nice to all students in school — whether Slytherin or otherwise — you don’t do it?”I quickly walked away from him, feeling my foremost wall crack. I felt like crying, but I wouldn’t do it. Especially not there, surrounded by other witches and wizards.There was a crash in the hallway — Tonks had tripped over the umbrella stand. Mrs. Black’s curtain opened, and the screeching began, but I wasn’t paying attention. All I realized was that Severus left out the front door without trying to make it right with me….Without even a “see you later.”

I walked down the steps to the basement kitchen behind everybody, noticing how extra happy Harry was to see his godfather, Sirius. I couldn’t even get the strength to think about when I’d felt happy about seeing Severus… well, I was lying to myself. There were plenty of times I could remember, I just felt extremely upset with him at that moment.We entered the room, where Mr. Weasley and his eldest son talked quietly at the end of the table. When Mrs. Weasley cleared her throat, Mr. Weasley jumped to his feet in surprise and Bill hastily rolled up the piece of parchment they were discussing.“Harry!” Mr. Weasley said positively, walking up to said boy and shaking his hand with boisterous energy. “Good to see you!”“Journey all right, Harry?” Bill asked, trying to pick up twelve scrolls at once in his arms. “Mad-Eye didn’t make you come via Greenland, then?”Ah, I thought, remembering how much I was used to Barty claiming that form throughout the previous year. I forgot the real Mad-Eye would be in the Order.“He tried,” Tonks said. She walked over to help Bill with the pieces of parchment, toppling over a candle on the last piece in the process. “Oh no — sorry —”“Here, dear,” Mrs. Weasley said with an exasperated tone, repairing the parchment with a wave of her wand. I noticed it looked like a building plan. The Department of Mysteries, I bet. Mrs. Weasley took a glimpse at Harry, who’d also seen the plan, and snatched it off the table to cram it into Bill’s overstuffed arms. “This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings,” she snapped, walking over to the dresser to take out dinner plates.Bill, annoyed by how full his arms were, took out his wand to mutter, “Evanesco!” The scrolls vanished.“Sit down, Harry. You’ve met Mundungus right?” Sirius asked.A man, who was covered in multiple pieces of unnecessary clothing, woke up ever so slightly and mumbled tiredly, “‘Some’n say m’name? I ‘gree with Sirius…” He raised his hand in the air, as if they’d been making votes.

Ginny giggled lightly as Sirius responded, “The meeting’s over, Dung. Harry’s arrived.”“Eh? Blimey, so ‘e ‘as. Yeah… you all right, ‘Arry?”“Yeah,” Harry replied.The man — Mundungus… did his parents name him that or is that just a nickname he got over the years? — searched around in his pockets while staring at Harry and pulled out a grimy black pipe. He put it in his mouth and used his wand to ignite it, then breathed in and out. Green smoke seemed to devour him.Ew, I thought, moving near the other end of the table to lean against the wall, Mrs. Weasley would need some help so I wasn’t sitting down just yet.“Owe you a ‘pology,” he said to Harry.“For the last time, Mundungus,” Mrs. Weasley called out, “will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen, especially not when we’re about to eat!”“Ah. Right. Sorry, Molly.”The smoke vanished as he put the pipe back in his pocket, but the rancid smell remained.“And if you want dinner before midnight I’ll need a hand,” she said to the room. “No, you can stay where you are, Harry dear, you’ve had a long journey. And anyone else except Melody, she’s helped enough.”I sighed and took a seat. So much for that, I thought it would help keep my mind occupied. Today had to be the day she decided I’d helped enough, didn’t it?“What can I do, Molly?” Tonks asked enthusiastically.Mrs. Weasley gave an apprehensive look at her. “Er — no, it’s all right, Tonks. You have a rest too, you’ve done enough today.”“No, no, I want to help!” she replied happily, knocking over a chair as she rushed over to the dresser where Ginny collected the knives.I was quickly distracted by Bodoujn and Crookshanks both hopping into my lap, purring contentedly. Cats! Why didn’t I think of that? I thought as I pet them and they both purred a little louder. Cat fur was straying all over my dark clothes, but I didn’t care. It was a comforting activity while I looked into my mind to see that the wall had been on the verge of breaking, and the comfort of the cats were sort of melding it together.I came out of my thoughts to see that knives were chopping meat and vegetables on their own — watched by Mrs. Weasley, of course, as she stirred a large cauldron dangling over the fire — and everyone else was helping out, pulling out other dishes and food from the pantry. It was just Mundungus, Sirius, Harry and myself at the table. Well, no one is going to notice me, I figured, going back into my thoughts.What else could dad be up to that the Order is discussing? It can’t just be his plan to get into the Department of Mysteries for whatever relic he wants to snatch… there has to be more going on.

And then… what was said about my mom in that paper? There has to be more to it if her death was so important as to note it in the news. Any reporter who came to the funeral would have noticed that there were Ministry officials there, watching the procedures and — not to mention — paying such close attention to

. There is something more to it than just a heart attack.. so

? What more was there to this that Severus and Professor Dumbledore aren’t telling me?… I was so caught in my thoughts that I didn’t notice Crookshanks had left me until Bodoujn headbutted my chest. I looked up to see that the ginger cat had settled into Sirius’ lap.Harry had just asked, “What cleaning?”“Trying to make this place fit for human habitation,” Sirius replied, waving a hand around him. “No one’s lived here for ten years, not since my dear mother died, unless you count her old house-elf, and he’s gone round the twist — hasn’t cleaned anything in ages.”“Sirius,” Mundungus said, appearing not to have paid attention to anything as he was examining an empty goblet. “This solid silver, mate?”Sirius looked at the piece in disgust. “Yes. Finest fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver, embossed with the Black family crest.”“That’d come off, though,” he muttered, rubbing at it with his cuff.“Fred — George — no, just carry them!” Mrs. Weasley shrieked at the twins.Harry, Sirius, and Mundungus scattered away from the table as the large cauldron of stew, an iron flagon of butterbeer, and a heavy wooden breadboard — with a knife — hurtled through the air toward the table. I jumped back from the table then, too, as the stew skidded the entire length of the table and stopped just before the end — around where I had been sitting — leaving a long black burn on the wooden surface. The flagon of butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling everywhere, and the bread knife slipped off the board to land — point down and quivering — right where Sirius’ hand had been before he dove away.“For heaven’s sake!” Mrs. Weasley screamed. “There was no need — I’ve had enough of this — just because you’re allowed to use magic now, you don’t have to whip your wands out for every tiny little thing!”“We were just trying to save a bit of time!” Fred said, rushing to wrench the knife from the table. “Sorry, Sirius, mate — didn’t mean to —”But Harry and Sirius were too busy laughing their hearts out. It was Mundungus, who had fallen backwards out of his chair, that swore as he stood up. Bodoujn and Crookshanks had run to hide under the dresser, hissing furiously.“Boys,” Mr. Weasley said, bringing the stew to the middle of the table, “your mother’s right, you’re supposed to show a sense of responsibility now you’ve come of age —”“None of your brothers caused this sort of trouble!” Mrs. Weasley shrieked, slamming a fresh flagon of butterbeer onto the table, almost spilling as much as the first in her rage. “Bill didn’t feel the need to Apparate every few feet! Charlie didn’t charm everything he met! Percy —” She stopped, giving Mr. Weasley a frightened look as his own became frigid.“Let’s eat,” Bill said quickly.“It looks wonderful, Molly,” Remus said, as he ladled some stew onto a plate and handed it across the table to her.There was silence for some time, but for the sound of chairs being pushed in and cutlery chinking against the plates. Everyone stayed quiet to let Percy’s name filter slowly, but surely, out of the room.Mrs. Weasley broke the silence as she turned to Sirius. “I’ve been meaning to tell you, Sirius, there’s something trapped in that writing desk in the drawing room, it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course, it could just be a boggart, but I thought we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at it before we let it out.”Sirius was indifferent. “Whatever you like.”“The curtains in there are full of doxies, too,” she continued. “I thought we might try and tackle them tomorrow.”“I look forward to it,” he replied sarcastically.Hermione, Ginny, and Tonks were on my left doing their normal form of entertainment — asking Tonks to make faces for them. Because she was a Metamorphmagus, she could make her face do all kinds of stuff. The girls were laughing as they requested their favorites; a duck beak, a pig snout, and so on.All I could do was listen in on the intense conversation Mr. Weasley, Bill, and Remus were having about goblins.“They’re not giving anything away yet,” Bill said. “I still can’t work out whether or not they believe he’s back. Course, they might prefer not to take sides at all. Keep out of it.”“I’m sure they’d never go over to You-Know-Who,” Mr. Weasley said with a shake of his head. “They’ve suffered losses too; remember that goblin family he murdered last time, somewhere near Nottingham?”“I think it depends what they’re offered,” Remus input. “And I’m not talking about gold. If they’re offered the freedoms we’ve been denying them for centuries they’re going to be tempted. Have you still not had any luck with Ragnok, Bill?”“He’s feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment,” Bill replied, “he hasn’t stopped raging about the Bagman business, he reckons the Ministry did a cover-up, those goblins never got their gold from him you know —”Laughter from the end of the table where Fred, George and Ron laughed at something Mundungus said, drowning out Bill’s words.I looked down at Bodoujn, and stroked him some more as he lay asleep in my lap.“I don’t think we need to hear any more of your business dealings, thank you very much Mundungus,” I heard Mrs. Weasley say sharply.“Beg pardon, Molly,” Mundungus said quickly, wiping his eyes and sending a wink Harry’s way. “But, you know, Will nicked ‘em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I wasn’t really doing nothing wrong.”“I don’t know where you learned about right and wrong, Mundungus, but you seem to have missed a few crucial lessons,” Mrs. Weasley said frostily. Somebody’s upset with this man. Perhaps only because he’s the reason Harry got into this mess with the Dementors? No, I bet it’s something more than just that.Fred and George stuck their faces into their goblets of butterbeer, George hiccuping and coughing at the same time…. Hiccoughing!Mrs. Weasley threw a nasty look at Sirius before getting up to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding. Harry looked at Sirius questioningly and they whispered softly to each other, perhaps explaining Mundungus’ usefulness. He sounded like a crook, so he would know about all the other crooks in the streets.I had already finished one thing of rhubarb crumble when Mrs. Weasley gave me another helping. How much food does she think I can eat? Every single night, she tried giving me more than I was capable of eating, and in the end it went to waste. Even though it felt rude, I wasn’t trying to stuff myself like everyone else at the table.Once everyone had had three or four more helpings of dessert, they were all done. Fred and George took my second piece off my plate as per usual, splitting it. All I had left over was my goblet of butterbeer, which I was savoring. I only had butterbeer every so often — never had it in the Ollivander home.Some people leaned back, satisfied. Some yawned tiredly. Ginny sat cross-legged on the floor, rolling butterbeer corks for Crookshanks to chase. Bodoujn soon hopped off my lap to join in.Mrs. Weasley yawned, “Nearly time for bed, I think.”“Not just yet, Molly,” Sirius said, looking at Harry as he pushed his plate away. “You know, I’m surprised at you. I thought the first thing you’d do when you got here would be to start asking questions about Voldemort.” Then he looked at me, “You too, and yet you’ve been here for longer. Not a word.”I looked down, the atmosphere rapidly changing. Of course I want to know, but who would have told me? Of course, I should've known that once Harry Potter got here, those questions would be answered. In my head, I shook myself, what the hell are you thinking, Melody? You’re the one that’s been trying to protect him all this time.I asked, “But who was going to answer my ques —”“I did!” Harry snapped indignantly. “I asked Ron and Hermione but they said we’re not allowed in the Order, so —”

let something go when there was information you wanted?

“And they’re quite right,” Mrs. Weasley cut him off with ease. “You’re too young.” She no longer looked tired as she sat straight as a board in her chair, her fists clenched. Yet her distress, added with what she said, just made me angry. 

of that. Just look at what these young people have done — have gone through — at young ages. They, and I, definitely deserve answers.“Since when did someone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to ask questions?” Sirius asked. “Melody has been through her own terrible ordeal. Harry’s been trapped in that Muggle house for a month. They’ve got the right to know what’s been happen —”“Hang on!” George interrupted.Fred was just as upset, “How come Harry and Melody get their questions answered?”“We’ve been trying to get stuff out of you for a month, and you haven’t told us a single stinking thing!”Fred talked in a high pitched voice, much like his mother’s. “‘You’re too young, you’re not in the Order.’” Back in his regular voice, he was even more upset, “Harry and Melody aren’t even of age!”“It’s not my fault you haven’t been told what the Order’s doing,” Sirius said calmly, “that’s your parents’ decision. Harry, on the other hand —”“It’s not down to you to decide what’s good for Harry or Melody!” Mrs. Weasley said sharply, an abnormally dangerous look on her face for such a nice woman. Kind of like mom was, I thought with a sigh. “You haven’t forgotten what Dumbledore said, I suppose?”“Which bit?” he asked nicely. At the same time his tone of voice was calm, it also sounded like he was readying himself to run to the battlefield.“The bit about not telling Harry and Melody more than they need to know,” she replied. Wow, I realized, never thought I’d be placed in the same sentence as Harry so much in one day!“I don’t intend to tell them more than they need to know, Molly,” Sirius said. “But as Harry was the one who saw Voldemort come back —” shudders sounded off around the table “— and Melody’s learned her tie to him, they have more right than most to —”“They are not members of the Order of the Phoenix!” she screeched. “They’re only fifteen and —”“And Harry’s dealt with as much as most in the order, and more than some.”Me too, I thought, well, not really, I suppose. More like those of the Death Eaters. Except I’ll never become one. I really would prefer to be an ally like Seraphina is, I guess — like my mom once was — but what would my Dark Wizard name be?... No, no, no, no, no! What am I thinking, being a…. Well, what else is there for me? When these people in the Order find out about my involvement — people all over the world find out — I’ll be screwed. Damn it!“No one’s denying what he’s done!” Mrs. Weasley’s voice rose even more. “But he’s still —”“He’s not a child! And neither is Melody!” Sirius was getting impatient.I didn’t blame him. I was too. If ever I have children, I thought, I was never hiding anything from them. If they wanted the truth, they were going to get the truth. My word on it.“They’re not adults either!” color rose in Mrs. Weasley’s cheeks. “They’re not James and Orele, Sirius!”My head snapped up. Huh? Why would he think —?“I’m perfectly clear who they are, thanks, Molly.”“I’m not sure you are! Sometimes, the way you talk about them, it’s as though you think you’ve got your best friends back!”She must be exaggerating on the best friend part with mom. Her best friends were Quirinus Quirrell and — as sad as I am to say this — Gilderoy Lockhart. Didn’t Sirius say she only hung out with them sometimes? Not often enough, I thought, to be best friends.“What’s wrong with that?” Harry asked.“What’s wrong, Harry, is that you are not your father, however much you might look like him!” Mrs. Weasley said, still staring Sirius down. “And Melody may be like her mother in some ways, but we should just thank to dear heavens it doesn’t go that far.”

, you’re going to shout your thoughts about my mother to the world? Where’s the respect for the dead? Where’s the respect for the fact that I’m

in the room and you’re talking about

“You are still at school and adults responsible for you should not forget it! At least Snape knows what to say, and what not to say —”“Meaning I’m an irresponsible godfather?” Sirius demanded, his own voice rising.“Meaning you have been known to act rashly, Sirius, which is why Dumbledore keeps reminding you to stay at home and —”“We’ll leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of this, if you please!”Mrs. Weasley turned to her husband. “Arthur! Arthur, back me up!”He didn’t speak at once. He took off his glasses and cleaned them slowly on his robes, not looking at his wife. Once he put them back on, he said gently, “Dumbledore knows the position has changed, Molly. He accepts that Harry and Melody will have to be filled in, to a certain extent, now that they are staying at Headquarters.”“Yes, but there’s a difference between that and inviting them to ask whatever they like!”“Personally,” Remus said softly. Mrs. Weasley turned to him quickly in hopes that he’d take her side. “I think it better that Harry and Melody get the facts — not all the facts, Molly, but the general picture — from us, rather than a garbled version from… others.”I nearly laughed, he must know about Fred and George’s Extendable Ears.Mrs. Weasley, breathing deeply in rage, looked around the table for the support that never came, “Well, well… I can see I’m going to be overruled. I’ll just say this: Dumbledore must have had his reasons for not wanting Harry and Melody to know too much — Severus being proof that he hasn’t told Melody anything — I’m speaking as someone who has Harry’s best interests at heart —”“He’s not your son,” Sirius said quietly.“He’s as good as. Who else has he got?”“He’s got me!”Mrs. Weasley’s lip curled, “Yes, the thing is, it’s been rather difficult for you to look after him while you’ve been locked up in Azkaban, hasn’t it?”Really Mrs. Weasley?! I never thought I’d lose respect for someone so quickly.Sirius started to rise out of his chair in a deep fury.Remus stopped it before the fight began, telling them both sharply, “Molly, you’re not the only person at this table who cares about Harry. Sirius, sit down.”Mrs. Weasley’s lower lip was trembling. Sirius sank slowly back into his chair, his face white.“I think Harry and Melody ought to be allowed a say in this,” Remus continued, “they’re old enough to decide for themselves.”“I want to know what’s been going on,” Harry said, right away.I paused a moment before saying, “I don’t want to be left in the dark, either. I want to know, too.”Mrs. Weasley’s voice cracked as she said, “Very well. Ginny — Ron — Hermione — Fred — George — I want you out of this kitchen, now.”

“We’re of age!” Fred and George yelled together at the top of their lungs.“If they’re allowed, why can’t I?” Ron shouted.“Mum, I want to hear!” Ginny screamed.“No! I absolutely forbid —” Mrs. Weasley started to say as she stood up.Mr. Weasley sounded exhausted as he said, “Molly, you can’t stop Fred and George. They are of age.”“They’re still at school.”“But they’re legally adults now.”Mrs. Weasley’s face went red. “I — oh, all right then, Fred and George can stay, but Ron —”“Harry’ll tell me and Hermione everything you say anyway!” Ron burst. Uncertainly, he added “Won’t — won’t you?”I noticed Harry’s hesitation right off the bat, but then he said, “Course I will.”Ron and Hermione beamed.Mrs. Weasley was extremely upset. “Fine! Fine! Ginny — bed!”She followed a raging Ginny up the stairs. Remus had to run off to close the curtains over the portrait of Mrs. Black. Once he returned, closing the kitchen door behind him and taking his seat once more, Sirius spoke.“Okay, you two… what do you want to know?”Harry’ll ask all the questions right now, I suppose. He knows even less than I do.Harry took a deep breath and asked, ignoring the shudders, “Where’s Voldemort? What’s he doing? I’ve been trying to watch the Muggle news, and there hasn’t been anything that looks like him yet, no funny deaths or anything.”“That’s because there haven’t been many funny deaths as far as we know… and we know quite a lot —”“More than he thinks we do, anyway,” Remus said.“But,” Sirius continued, “there is the death of Melody’s mother, Orele Ollivander.”Harry, surprised, turned to look at me. Though I wasn’t able to tell emotions as well as before, I could tell he had such a mix of them.I kept my face even as I asked, “What did it say in the paper… about her death? Was it on the front cover?”“Not on the first cover, but that was because she was considered old news — the type of news that’s been trying to keep the down low on Voldemort’s return,” Sirius said.“I thought you would know by now that they ruled her death a suicide,” Remus watched me closely as he explained. “That Voldemort’s old ally — the Predator — had left a note explaining who she was, what she’d done, and that she’d taken her own life because she finally realized that he was never coming back.”A suicide… I thought, turning my head to look at something — anything — else. The walls were my solace for a moment. How could they tell me it was a goddamn heart attack? Eventually, someone at school that actually reads the Daily Prophet would’ve told me what it actually said. I would’ve looked like a fool.“Old ally?” Harry asked.My fists clenched, “No…” I said, as calmly as I could. “Severus and Professor Dumbledore told me the article just said she had a heart attack — no suicide. Nothing about her past….” I looked at Harry, “Voldemort killed my mom a few weeks ago. She never told me that she’d been a Dark Witch…. Nothing makes sense anymore…. Whatever. He hasn’t killed anyone else this summer, right?”Good, I found a change in subject…. So I was right, there

be any article about some random thirty-four year old woman having a heart attack! It’s the death of a Dark Witch. And not only a death, but a damn

. Screw the Minister! Screw Professor Dumbledore!

I guess they aren’t going to mention anything about dad’s new ally, the Angel of Death.“No one else,” Sirius said.“How come he’s stopped killing so many people?” Harry asked, rolling with my change in subject.“Because he doesn’t want to draw attention to himself. It would be dangerous for him. His comeback didn’t come off quite the way he wanted it to, you see. He messed it up.”Remus continued with a smile, “Or rather, you messed it up for him.”“How?” Harry asked.“You weren’t supposed to survive!” Sirius said. “Nobody apart from his Death Eaters was supposed to know he’d come back. But you survived to bear witness.”“And the very last person he wanted alerted to his return the moment he got back was Dumbledore,” Remus said. “And you made sure Dumbledore knew at once.”“How has that helped?” Harry asked.“Are you kidding?” Bill said, incredulous. “Dumbledore was the only one You-Know-Who was ever scared of!”Sirius continued, “Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort returned.”“So, what’s the order been doing?” Harry asked.“Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort can’t carry out his plans.”“How d’you know what his plans are?”“Dumbledore’s got a shrewd idea,” Remus admitted, “and Dumbledore’s shrewd ideas normally turn out to be accurate.”“So what does Dumbledore reckon he’s planning?”“Well, firstly,” Sirius said, “he wants to build up his army again. In the old days he had huge numbers at his command: witches and wizards he’d bullied or bewitched into following him, his faithful Death Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants; well, they’ll be just one of the groups he’s after. He’s certainly not going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death Eaters.”“So you’re trying to stop him getting more followers?”“We’re doing our best,” Remus said.“How?”“Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who really has returned, to put them on their guard. It’s proving tricky, though,” Bill said.“Why?”I’m not even asking all the questions, and yet, I’m getting the answers dad probably wants to hear about, I thought in satisfaction before frowning to myself. God, whose side am I on?“Because of the Ministry’s attitude,” Tonks said. “You saw Cornelius Fudge after You-Know-Who came back. Well, he hasn’t shifted his position at all. He’s absolutely refusing to believe it’s happened.”“But why?” Harry sounded not only desperate, but annoyed. I’m right there with you. “Why’s he being so stupid? If Dumbledore —”“Ah,” Mr. Weasley said with a wry smile, “well, you’ve put your finger on the problem. Dumbledore.”“Fudge is frightened of him, you see,” Tonks said.Harry was incredulous, “Frightened of Dumbledore?”There wouldn’t be any need if he would just trust the man who’s always been there to help him out.“Frightened of what he’s up to,” Mr. Weasley said. “Fudge thinks Dumbledore’s plotting to overthrow him. He thinks Dumbledore wants to be Minister for Magic.”“But Dumbledore doesn’t want —”“Of course he doesn’t,” Mr. Weasley said. “He’s never wanted the Minister’s job, even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power instead, but he’s never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had, even though Dumbledore never applied for the job.”“Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledore’s much cleverer than he is — a much more powerful wizard, and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever asking Dumbledore for help and advice,” Remus said. “But it seems he’s become fond of power, and much more confident. He loves being Minister for Magic and he’s managed to convince himself that he’s the clever one and Dumbledore’s simply stirring up trouble for the sake of it.”Harry became angry. “How can he think that? How can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up — that I’d make it all up?”“Because accepting that Voldemort’s back would mean trouble like the Ministry hasn’t had to cope with for nearly fourteen years,” Sirius told us bitterly. “Fudge just can’t bring himself to face it. It’s so much more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore’s lying to destabilize him.”“You see the problem,” Remus said. “While the Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from Voldemort it’s hard to convince people he’s back, especially as they really don’t want to believe it in the first place. What’s more, the Ministry’s leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they’re calling Dumbledore’s rumor-mongering, so most of the wizarding community are completely unaware any thing’s happened, and that makes them easy targets for the Death Eaters if they’re using the Imperius Curse.”“But you’re telling people, aren’t you?” Harry asked, looking around at the members of the Order. “You’re letting people know he’s back.”Humorous smiles went all around.“Well,” Sirius said, “as everyone thinks I’m a mad mass-murderer and the Ministry’s put a ten thousand Galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets, can I?”The image that implanted in my mind had me suppressing a chuckle.“And I’m not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community,” Remus said. “It’s an occupational hazard of being a werewolf.”“Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off, and it’s very important for us to have spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet Voldemort will have them.”“We’ve managed to convince a couple of people, though,” Mr. Weasley said, “Tonks here, for one — she’s too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage — Kingsley Shacklebolt’s been a real asset, too; he’s in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so he’s been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in Tibet.”Harry looked disappointed. “But if none of you are putting the news out that Voldemort’s back —”“Who said none of us are putting the news out?” Sirius asked. “Why d’you think Dumbledore’s in such trouble?”“What d’you mean?”“They’re trying to discredit him. Didn’t you see the Daily Prophet last week?” Remus asked. Not at all, Remus. If it wasn’t something about Voldemort on the front page, he wasn’t even bothering with it. “They reported that he’d been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because he’s getting old and losing his grip, but it’s not true; he was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a speech announcing Voldemort’s return. They’ve demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot — that’s the Wizard High Court — and they’re talking about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, too.”Bill grinned as he said, “But Dumbledore says he doesn’t care what they do as long as they don’t take him off the Chocolate Frog Cards.”Classic, I thought with my own grin.“It’s no laughing matter,” Mr. Weasley snapped. “If he carries on defying the Ministry like this he could end up in Azkaban, and the last thing we want is to have Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who knows Dumbledore’s out there and wise to what he’s up to he’s going to go cautiously. If Dumbledore’s out of the way — well, You-Know-Who will have a clear field.” He seriously doubts Professor Dumbledore’s ability to stay out of prison? There’s a

dad’s afraid of him… he’s clever and

. No one can hold Professor Dumbledore captive. That’s part of the reason I know I can’t mess with him. I could see it in him when we first met.“But if Voldemort’s trying to recruit more Death Eaters it’s bound to get out that he’s come back,” Harry asked, looking slightly upset, “isn’t it?”“Voldemort doesn’t march up to people’s houses and bang on their front doors, Harry,” Sirius said.Right, I thought, he wouldn’t be much of a Dark Lord if he was polite enough to ask people to join him. He didn’t even ask me. He just assumed I was with him, and I went along with it.“He tricks, jinxes and blackmails them. He’s well-practiced at operating in secret. In any case, gathering followers is only one thing he’s interested in. He’s got other plans too, plans he can put into operation very quietly indeed, and he’s concentrating on those for the moment.”“What’s he after apart from followers?”“Stuff he can only get by stealth.” We all looked confused, so Sirius elaborated, “Like a weapon. Something he didn’t have last time.”“When he was powerful before?”“Yes.”“Like what kind of weapon? Something worse than the Avada Kedavra —?”I automatically covered my ears at those last words, my walls threatening to actually fall over. The memory of dad’s voice yelling those words.. mom getting hit with the spell and crumbling to the floor. Gone, zip, no more life. “Ahh…” I moaned, holding back a shriek.“That’s enough!” Mrs. Weasley spoke from the shadows by the door. She looked furious, her arms crossed and everything. I was able to forget about the memory by paying attention to her anger. So much of it… it’s amazing! “I want you in bed, now. All of you,” she looked around the room.“You can’t boss us —” Fred began to say.“Watch me,” she snarled. She trembled slightly as she turned to Sirius, “You’ve given them plenty of information. Any more and you might just as well induct them into the Order straightaway.”“Why not?” Harry said. “I’ll join, I want to join, I want to fight.”I bet you do, boy, I bet you do.“No.” Surprisingly this came, not from Mrs. Weasley, but from Remus. “The Order is comprised only of overage wizards. Wizards who have left school. There are dangers involved of which you can have no idea, any of you… I think Molly’s right, Sirius. We’ve said enough.”Sirius shrugged carelessly. Mrs. Weasley beckoned for her sons and Hermione to follow, and they followed. Harry, with defeat in his face, followed suit. Most of the order also filed out of the room, softly discussing other topics with each other until all that remained was silence.I sat where I was, continuing to massage my head. Remus and Sirius were the only two left with me, each one placing a hand on my shoulders in concern.“Are you all right?” Remus asked. “What happened?”“Just — just a bad memory…” I said softly. I looked at them, then, realizing something that I hadn’t ever thought of before. Ridiculous, really, because then I could have found some way to understand my ability a little more/ “Did my mom ever have visions… like she could see some things before they happened?”They nodded.“It bothered her a lot,” Sirius noted. “She had to find a way to understand them, and even then — over the years — she seemed to have that same problem you just said. ‘A bad memory,’ she’d say, ‘don’t worry about it…’ What did you see?”“It’s really something I saw that I wasn’t actually there to see — that I had a vision of. Did Severus or Professor Dumbledore tell you?”They looked at each other, lost, before shaking their heads.I’m making a gamble here, I realized to myself as I stared at their expectant faces. Professor Dumbledore and Severus will most likely be furious about this… but, at the same time, what do I care? What is he really going to do to the guilt ridden, mourning fifteen year old girl? Kill her?“I… I saw my mother’s death at the same exact moment it happened.”Leaning forward, they looked even more concerned. “It’s worse than we thought, then,” After a short while of just staring at me, Sirius said. “Dumbledore had said something about how fragile you were about what happened, but we hadn’t expected this.”The members of the Order must know, I thought comfortingly to myself. Even if Professor Dumbledore thought that they shouldn’t know, I feel like I’m right to tell them. I must be useful for something besides evil. “Professor Dumbledore and Severus believe it was something Barty Crouch Jr. did to me. One day, he sort of stole me away and did something with my magic, put it in a potion before replenishing my magic and sending me on my way… and since the maze, I’ve been seeing things from my da — from Voldemort’s — perspective. Including the night Harry saw him come back and… and when my mom was murdered.”Looks were exchanged, and Remus said, “Excuse us for just a moment, Melody, while we discuss this.”Once they left the room, I figured I would be up all night explaining this stuff so I looked into my mind to tear down the front wall. Pain of a thousand punches hit me in the gut, and tears fell. I quickly wiped each one away, mad that the process wasn’t getting any easier — it was getting harder, especially so in keeping them up for long periods of time. One more down and eleven left standing.Now is the time to show my worth as a spy. Severus wanted me to lay low as a mere student, or just the daughter of the enemy — well,

. I will be more than that in both sides of the war even if it gets me killed. I guarantee it.

I wandered through the streets, my hands in my jean pockets, at some early time in the morning, trying to see if I could keep my mind occupied. I already figured that sleep wasn’t going to happen. I was too filled with adrenaline after having told Sirius and Remus about my visions, and how they conceded to asking me to tell them about these visions whenever I got them. Since it was done by potion to me — a kind of Seer — it wasn’t something where they could figure out how to stop it. Especially since I was already adept at blocking my mind.I sighed. The look on their faces was of sorrow as they told me they could use my visions to their advantage — and to tell me I couldn’t tell this to any of my friends. I had to swear to it.They were happy with the recent vision where dad was asking about whether Seraphina’s followers had gotten into the Department of Mysteries yet. I didn’t have any names, but they were glad to know they needed to watch out for anyone trying to get in during the day.And, in case it’s not already deduced, Seraphina was another subject I had to keep quiet about. Word couldn’t be spread to Harry and the others for the main reason that they had enough of a hard time keeping the boy who lived off of the subject of Lord Voldemort. Knowing there was yet another extremely powerful Dark Witch who allied herself with him would’ve raised some worry.I didn’t tell them about the January break-in, mainly because Severus already knew about it and admitted that he wasn’t allowed to tell the Order about it. Professor Dumbledore actually wanted to let the break-in happen, for some form of evidence the Ministry couldn’t ignore.But we both knew they will ignore it anyway.The most difficult part about it all was figuring out what I could and could not tell them. What was news to keep to the knowledge of Death Eaters, and what was news to give to the Order? What was allowed for the both of them?I rubbed my forehead in frustration. I was supposed to use the walk to forget about everything for a few minutes, not dwell on it further.Remember when there was nothing to worry about except school? something in the back of my mind sneered. All those years in Colorado were so easy. No friends, no drama, just school. Just living life with mom and Jim, believing the man was my dad. Everything was even easy up to the end of that first month of school at Hogwarts. There were things mom hid from me, and I knew and felt that at the time, but I didn’t worry about it. There was no stress. Nothing but learning a new school, and getting to know new friends.I vigorously shook my head and looked at my surroundings. Back on Sirius’ block. I hadn’t been going too far from Grimmauld Place. I pretty much just walked around in circles. Maybe I could walk the few blocks to town.I slowly walked towards town, wondering what time everything opened. I have about two hundred forty pounds left in my pocket from working at the Muggle bookshop, maybe I could grab something. If anything is open at whatever early hour it is now. Hopefully I can do all of this before everyone wakes up back at Grimmauld Place.Sirius and Remus had watched me walk up the stairs to my room, but after I went in — finding Hermione and Ginny fast asleep — I waited behind the door for the footsteps of everyone staying there to come up the stairs and go into their designated rooms. I had mapped this all out in my mind throughout the past week, having stayed awake long enough each night to know which footsteps belonged to who and what room they walked into. After it was over, I snuck out.I felt rebellious doing it, knowing I wasn’t supposed to. That it was dangerous for me, even. Yet, the rush of it made me feel like a normal teenage girl. If I was still in America, is this what I would be doing? Sneaking out at night? Getting grounded often? It would be an annoying position half the time, but it would be so much easier to deal with. If I wasn’t a witch like mom, she’d still be alive — wouldn’t have even confronted dad in the first place. And it would just be her, Jim, Nick, and me.I looked down at my feet, feeling bad for thinking in such a way. It would be easy, but Blake wouldn’t be born — no matter how much I hate his father, I care about him. I would never have met my grandparents, or known my dad. Lissy would be stuck in that foster home… and then kicked out with Ms. Roachers and the other foster kids because they couldn’t fund it anymore. To think she probably could’ve turned out like my dad.I gasped and stood where I was as I realized that that was probably why mom did it. She knew all about dad’s past — probably knew him better than anyone — and he would’ve told her all about it back when they were together. She would have looked at Lissy and seen a young girl, bereft of both her parents and proper loving care. That, combined with magical powers, would have created yet another Dark Witch. And yet… she’s such a sweet little girl. How could evil hide within such a nice exterior?Lissy is a lot more strong-willed than I would have first thought. A lot more so than my own father. She kept herself sane throughout the years, the same way Harry Potter seems to have had to do in his own aunt and uncle’s home.

. If I hadn’t grown up with my mom and Jim, or in

loving home in general, would I have been strong-willed in staying sane and kind like Harry and Lissy? Or… would my heart have turned into cold stone, devoid of love, like dad?A shiver crept into my body, and I crossed my arms over my chest. I wish I could believe that I would have been strong enough to be good and whatnot, but then I’m not so sure about that. I felt loved at home when I was growing up, but school was a different matter. I didn’t like anybody there. Now that that’s mentioned, I didn’t quite like the people in Spinner’s End either — I’ve often had negative thoughts about them. Is there something in my blood from dad’s end of the family that’s against Muggles? Maybe. But I don’t feel any dislike toward Jim — he raised me, anyways. And I have nothing against Muggleborn witches and wizards either, Hermione is living proof of that.Maybe the point of it all is that I

strong, but some of it sneaks past in my personality.That made me feel a little better. A little.I rubbed my arms and, having reached the town, looked into one of the small stores. A barbershop. The clock in there read seven fifteen and my eyes widened. I hadn’t realized how much time had passed.“Ugh! Stupid!” I muttered to myself, slapping my forehead in frustration.Mrs. Weasley would have already gone into the girls’ room by now so the three of us could help her with breakfast. I was going to be in such trouble, especially once they told Severus about my little outing.I will be lectured about how dangerous it was for me to be out at night like that. Plus, I’ll be in

trouble for telling the Order about my visions when no one told me I could do that — and I never asked —

“I’m so so so sorry I’m late! This doesn’t usually happen!”

I turned around to see a man — out of breath — running towards the door. I hopped out of the way as he threw himself at it. He fumbled with his keys a bit before finding the correct one and jamming it into the knob. The door opened and he propped it open with a stopper before hurrying in.“Late?” I asked, looking at the hours on the glass door. Oh, this place was supposed to open at seven. He’s fifteen minutes late… and he thinks I’m a customer waiting for him.“Yes, I’m so sorry. I didn’t get a wink of sleep last night,” then he chuckled, “was at the bar until about two in the morning. I’ve got a bit of a hangover, but I feel great!”“Oh…” I said softly. “Uh — I —”“Come on in, now,” he said, beckoning me in. “I’m open.”I stepped in timidly, wondering if I should really be doing anything like that when they probably already found out that I wasn’t in bed. Ah, I’m tired. Should have just tried going to bed when I had the chance.“What do you need to do with your hair?” the man continued, taking out his utensils. “A trim, a small cut?”This made me think. I should change my hairstyle if I’m going to go along with all of this. I don’t need all this hair — too much to worry about — so… “I was thinking you could give me a short haircut,” I demonstrated by putting my hand above my ear, “like up to here.”“To such pretty hair?” the man asked in surprise.“Yeah,” I replied, suddenly feeling confident. “Take your time doing it, too, in consideration to your hangover. I may want it short, but I don’t want it to look like I let a drunk guy chop it off.”He laughed in response.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛A half hour later, I walked out of the shop having spent twenty pounds on the haircut. Looking in the mirror, it actually looked pretty good, making my silvery gray eyes pop out nicely. The man had even complimented them.“I’ve never seen such bright gray eyes before. Silvery almost. I suppose it was a good idea to cut your hair… but that was also very pretty.” He ended his sentence on a regretful note.I looked around me as I walked. For seven forty five in the morning, there were quite a number of people out. On their way to work, I guess. But my priority is making it back to Grimmauld Place as soon as possible. Breakfast is always at eight.Arriving there ten minutes later, I took a deep breath before thinking the line to get in and walking up to open the door. The moment I walked in, there were hands on my arms and I was Disapparated into Fred and George’s room.I held my hand to my mouth again with a groan. “I’m going to end up losing consciousness for hours again because of you two.”“You’re lucky you got here before breakfast or mum would have freaked out,” Fred said, poking me unceremoniously in my chest. “She told us she was letting the girls sleep in today, since she’d heard that you were up a little longer last night to talk to Sirius and Lupin. So, when we popped in and found out you were gone —”“How long were you out?” George asked.“And who made you the curfew police?” I snapped.“Oy, who said we were telling you off?” he replied with a laugh. “I never knew you had it in you. And you got a haircut too, how are you going to pull off that you never left?”“Oh…” I calmed down my temper, chastising myself for jumping to such a stupid conclusion. Fred and George were rebels, themselves, they wouldn’t care that I’d disappeared so long as I came back. “Well, that I did it.”“Looks great, too,” Fred said, pacing around me to look at it from every angle. “It brings out your eyes.”“Did you go out just to do that?” George asked.“No, I was actually out for a bit of fresh air. I hadn’t actually thought I was going to get my haircut — but I was there, and I had the money to do it.”“Wicked,” they took hold of my arms once again and Disapparated into my room. Hermione and Ginny were just walking out the door.Hermione was the first to say, “Where have you been?”“You cut your hair?” Ginny asked.I could have laughed at the difference in urgency for each question. But I didn’t as I swallowed the urge to vomit. “Don’t tell anyone.. I just went out for a bit of fresh air and ended up getting a haircut in the process. I’ll just say that I cut my own hair.”“That’s so dangerous, though,” Hermione said. “You could have been —”“What?... I could have been what? Hurt? Stalked? Killed? Take your pick, I could have protected myself whatever the situation.”“But… if the Ministry is after you for being —”“I think they’re more interested in watching me than killing me for the moment. I’m not doing anything suspicious, so no harm done. Now, I’ll be ready in a little bit, I just have to change clothes… and I will be going downstairs by foot.” I glared pointedly at the twins who merely chuckled.“Suit yourself,” they both said, disappearing with a crack!I quickly changed clothes, and then hurried downstairs as the clock struck eight and breakfast had finished cooking.“George,” Mrs. Weasley said, “be a dear and go wake up Ron and Harry for me. Everyone got to sleep in a little bit today, but we can’t sleep for long when there’s so much left to do. Let them know that I found more doxies and a nest of dead puffskeins under the sofa.” As he left to do so, she looked up at me and gasped, “When did you cut your hair?”“Last night,” I said with a shrug. “Did I — uh — cut it okay?”“It looks very nice, dear,” she replied, the surprise beginning to wear off. “It’s amazing how you made it look like that, even in the back. How did you manage — and where did your hair go?”“Well, Fred and George helped out a bit,” I said with a shrug.Fred choked a bit on his food.“I almost expected them to give me a mohawk just to be funny, but they did good,” I said, giving Fred a look to go along with it.George came back in as Mrs. Weasley said, “Oh, that is so thoughtful of you, boys!”“Huh?” George sounded.“She’s talking about you helping me cut my hair,” I said, looking George in the eyes. “I couldn’t have done the back of it without your help. Plus getting rid of it once it was all cut.”“Oh. Right,” he gave me a wink.Breakfast was eaten quickly, and then we went into the drawing room — a high-ceiling room covered with dust. All of us stood by the moss-green velvet curtains tying cloths over our mouths and noses, each holding bottles of Doxycide — a deep, black liquid. Once Harry and Ron came, Mrs. Weasley pointed out the two bottles left on the table for them.“Cover your faces and take a spray. It’s Doxycide. I’ve never seen an infestation this bad — what that house-elf’s been doing for the last ten years —”Hermione gave a disapproving look Mrs. Weasley’s way as she said, “Kreacher’s really old, he probably couldn’t manage —”“You’d be surprised what Kreacher can manage when he wants to, Hermione,” Sirius said, entering the room carrying a bloodstained bag of dead rats. Right, for Buckbeak, I thought, recalling the few visits I made to the hippogriff since I first started staying at Grimmauld Place. “I’ve just been feeding Buckbeak,” he said to Harry’s inquisitive look. “I keep him upstairs in my mother’s bedroom. Anyway… this writing desk…”Dropping the bag in an armchair, he bent over the writing desk to peer into the lock of a cabinet that shook slightly. “Well, Molly, I’m pretty sure this is a boggart, but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at it before we let it out — knowing my mother it could be something much worse.”“Right you are, Sirius,” Mrs. Weasley said.Amazing how they’re so nice to each other now — agreeing even — when they had such a terrible disagreement last night. But, it’s not hiding their tension… everyone ought to be able to feel that.Sirius looked up at me and gave a mischievous smile, added by a knowing wink, “Nice haircut. What do you call it? A doxy-bob?”He must know I went out… I thought awkwardly as I fake laughed, “Har har, very witty.”Suddenly, a loud clanging bell sounded followed by Mrs. Black’s wailing and screaming.Exasperated, Sirius said, “I keep telling them not to ring the doorbell!” He ran out of the room, and we could all hear him rushing down the stairs as Mrs. Black screeched, “Stains of dishonor, filthy half-breeds, blood traitors, children of filth…”“Close the door, please, Harry,” Mrs. Weasley said.It was easy to notice that Harry walked as slowly as he possibly could to the door, waiting momentarily to hear any conversation since Mrs. Black’s curtains had closed. When he finally closed the door, he returned to the group with a regretful look on his face. He wanted to listen in on anything he could possibly catch.I leaned against the wall in wait as Mrs. Weasley read Gilderoy Lockhart’s Guide to Household Pests. Well, looks like they haven’t yet found who really wrote the books. Hopefully they do before Blake goes to Hogwarts.Mrs. Weasley spoke, “Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because doxies bite and their teeth are poisonous. I’ve got a bottle of antidote here, but I’d rather nobody needed it.” Straightening up, she stood in front of the curtains while we faced her in a line. “When I say the word, start spraying immediately. They’ll come flying out at us, I expect, but it says on the sprays one good squirt will paralyze them. When they’re immobilized, just throw them in this bucket.” She carefully moved to her own spot in the line. “All right — squirt!”After a few squirts, doxies came out with full anger. Tiny needle-sharp teeth bared, they had shiny wings like beetles, their fairy-like bodies covered with thick black hair and four arms with all fists clenched. I squirted a few that came towards me, missing a couple times but always finding my target and throwing them into the bucket. If I had been a squib, still having no knowledge of the wizarding world, would I have started learning how to shoot a gun? It feels safe to have a wand — or a squirt gun, in this case — at hand… it would have turned out the same way in the Muggle world, right?“Fred, what are you doing?” Mrs. Weasley asked sharply. “Spray that at once and throw it away!”Harry and I glanced over at Fred who was holding a doxy by its midsection with his thumb and index finger, no doubt enjoying the control he had.To struggle or be in control….“Right-o,” he replied brightly, spraying it in the face so it fainted. But once Mrs. Weasley’s back was turned, he pocketed it with a wink at Harry and I.“We want to experiment with doxy venom for our Skiving Snackboxes,” George whispered to us under his breath.Ah, of course, I thought, they have that sick box stuff. I just want to know where they got the money to be able to think about doing all of this.Harry sprayed two doxies at once before muttering, “What are Skiving Snackboxes?”“Range of sweets to make you ill. Not seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you out of a class when you feel like it. Fred and I have been developing them this summer. They’re double-ended, color-coded chews. If you eat the orange half of the Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment you’ve been rushed out of the lesson for the hospital wing, you swallow the purple half —”“— which restores you to full fitness,” Fred butt in, “enabling you to pursue the leisure activity of your own choice during an hour that would otherwise have been devoted to unprofitable boredom. That’s what we’re putting in the adverts, anyway.” He sweeped up a few doxies from the floor, and pocketed them. “But they still need a bit of work. At the moment our testers are having a bit of trouble stopping puking long enough to swallow the purple end.”“Testers?”“Us. We take it in turns. George did the Fainting Fancies — we both tried the Nosebleed Nougat —”“Mum thought we’d been dueling,” George said.“Joke shop still on, then?” Harry asked, faking an adjustment on his spray bottle’s nozzle. He knows something about how they got the money, I thought, edging a little ways from them so that I could still hear them and yet they thought I wouldn’t be listening in. I quickly sprayed a doxy that charged towards my face.“Well, we haven’t had a chance to get premises yet,” Fred replied, his voice dropping lower so I had to strain to hear anything, “so we’re running it as a mail-order service at the moment. We put advertisements in the Daily Prophet last week.”“All thanks to you, mate,” George said. “But don’t worry… Mum hasn’t got a clue. She won’t read the Daily Prophet anymore, ‘cause of it telling lies about you and Dumbledore.”Did he give them money?.. Ohhh… the prize money from the Tournament….De-doxying ended up taking the whole first half of the day, so that it was well past noon when we finished. We all finally removed the cloths from our sweaty faces.Mrs. Weasley fell back into the armchair, and then sprang up in disgust as she realized that she sat on the bag of dead rats.The curtains hung limp and damp from all the spraying, no more doxies springing out as all of them lay unconscious in the bucket next to the bowl of their eggs which the twins eyed almost hungrily.Mrs. Weasley pointed to the dusty glass-fronted cabinets on either side of the mantelpiece, crammed to maximum capacity with many objects. “I think we’ll tackle those after lunch,” she said exhaustedly.The doorbell rang again and we all looked to Mrs. Weasley.“Stay here,” she said, grabbing the bag of rats and running toward Mrs. Black’s wailing. “I’ll bring up some sandwiches.” She — surprisingly very carefully — closed the door behind her.All of us dashed over to the window to look down on the front doorstep. There was the top of an untamed ginger head with a stack of badly balanced cauldrons.“Mundungus!” Hermione said. “What’s he brought all those cauldrons for?”“Probably looking for a safe place to keep them,” Harry replied. Wow, already getting a hang of how everybody works around here. Impressive. “Isn’t that what he was doing the night he was supposed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy cauldrons?”“Yeah, you’re right!” Fred said as the front door opened and Mundungus pushed himself through and disappeared from our sight. “Blimey, mum won’t like that….” He and George crossed over to the door and put their ears against it to listen now that Mrs. Black’s screaming had stopped. “Mundungus is talking to Sirius and Kingsley,” he muttered, frowning in deep concentration. Never thought I’d see him frown. “Can’t hear properly… d’you reckon we can risk the Extendable Ears?”“Might be worth it,” George responded eagerly. “I could sneak upstairs and get a pair —”The idea was rendered unnecessary as we all heard Mrs. Weasley clearly shouting at the top of her lungs.“We are not running a hideout for stolen goods!”Fred stepped back from the door, opening it a crack with a satisfied smile on his face like he just ate something delicious. “I love hearing mum shouting at someone else. It makes such a nice change.”“— completely irresponsible, as if we haven’t got enough to worry about without you dragging stolen cauldrons into the house —”George shook his head. “The idiots are letting her get into her stride. You’ve got to head her off early, otherwise she builds up a head of steam and goes on for hours. And she’s been dying to have a go at Mundungus ever since he sneaked off when he was supposed to be following you, Harry — and there goes Sirius’ mum again —”The shrieks and screams drowned out Mrs. Weasley’s voice and George tried to quickly close the door, but Kreacher snuck himself in just before he could.The house-elf took no notice of any of us, rather shuffled hunchbacked through the room. He muttered softly under his breath in a voice like a toad’s, “... Smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but she’s no better, nasty old blood traitor with her brats messing up my Mistress’ house. Oh my poor Mistress, if she knew, if she knew the scum they’ve let in her house, what would she say to old Kreacher, oh the shame of it, Mudbloods and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can he do….”Fred spoke loudly, “Hello, Kreacher,” and closed the door.He froze and, unconvincingly, gave a start of surprise. “Kreacher did not see Young Master.” He turned and bowed to Fred, then muttered to himself while still facing the ground, “Nasty little brat of a blood traitor it is.”“Sorry?” George asked humorously. “Didn’t catch that last bit.”“Kreacher said nothing,” he replied, now bowing to George, and added, “and there’s its twin, unnatural little beasts they are.”I couldn’t help my snort as I crossed my arms and leaned against the wall.The elf stood and looked at everyone in turn with a disgusted look in his eyes. I had to notice that he was careful not to look at me, his eyes purposefully skipping over me as he looked around. “... and there’s the Mudblood, standing there bold as brass, oh if my Mistress knew, oh how she’d cry, and there’s a new boy, Kreacher doesn’t know his name, what is he doing here, Kreacher doesn’t know…”Hermione clarified for him. She’s too nice to the thing that’s insulting her. “This is Harry, Kreacher, Harry Potter.”His eyes widened and he muttered faster than ever. “The Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though she is my friend, if Kreacher’s Mistress saw him in such company, oh what would she say —”“Don’t call her a Mudblood!” Ron and Ginny angrily said together.Hermione, as always, defended him. “It doesn’t matter, he’s not in his right mind, he doesn’t know what he’s —”“Don’t kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what he’s saying,” Fred said, eyeing the house elf with dislike.“There’s no point in getting worked up over it anyway,” I said. “He’s not worth all the upset. He didn’t have the best family in the world to teach him the right way to think of people, now did he?”Everyone shrugged, but listened in as they realized Kreacher was still muttering as though we couldn’t hear him. His eyes were trained on Harry.“Is it true? Is it Harry Potter? Kreacher can see the scar, it must be true, that’s the boy who stopped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how he did it —” His eyes suddenly focused on me, for the first time since I started staying in that house. I instantly felt uncomfortable with that look in his eyes, so I turned to look out the window.“Don’t we all, Kreacher?” Fred asked.“What do you want anyway?” George continued.Kreacher’s eyes moved to George, “Kreacher is cleaning.”“A likely story,” a voice said in the doorway. I looked to see Sirius glowering at the house elf with extreme hate. At the sight of him, Kreacher flung into a bow that brought his face down to the floor. “Stand up straight. Now, what are you up to?”The elf straightened his back up immediately, per the order. “Kreacher is cleaning,” he repeated. “Kreacher lives to serve the noble house of Black —”“— and it’s getting blacker every day, it’s filthy.”“Master always liked his little joke,” Kreacher said with a bow, continuing in an undertone, “Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke his mother’s heart —”Sirius snapped angrily, “My mother didn’t have a heart, Kreacher. She kept herself alive out of pure spite.”Another bow, “Whatever Master says,” then more muttering, “Master is not fit to wipe slime from his mother’s boots, oh my poor Mistress, what would she say if she saw Kreacher serving him, how she hated him, what a disappointment he was —”“I asked you what you were up to. Every time you show up pretending to be cleaning, you sneak something off to your room so we can’t throw it out.”“Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master’s house. Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it’s been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it —”“I thought it might be that,” Sirius said, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall. “She’ll have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it, I don’t doubt, but if I can get rid of it I certainly will. Now go away, Kreacher.”Kreacher began shuffling out of the room with a glare of utmost loathing toward Sirius, muttering, “— comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh my poor Mistress, what would she say if she saw the house now, scum living in it, her treasures thrown out, she swore he was no son of hers and he’s back, they say he’s a murderer too —”“Keep muttering and I will be murderer!” Sirius said irritably, slamming the door behind the elf.Come on now, from the life he lived he doesn’t know any better…Hermione was distraught. “Sirius, he’s not right in the head. I don’t think he realizes we can hear him.”“He’s been alone too long, taking mad orders from my mother’s portrait and talking to himself, but he was always a foul little —”“If you just set him free, maybe —”“We can’t set him free, he knows too much about the Order. And anyway, the shock would kill him. You suggest to him that he leaves this house, see how he takes it.”Sirius walked across the room toward the tapestry that Kreacher tried to save and we followed him curiously. It was immensely old with the family tree across it and large words across the top reading: The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black“Toujours Pur” “You’re not on here!” Harry said.Sirius pointed to a small, charred hole in the tapestry. “I used to be there. My sweet old mother blasted me off after I ran away from home — Kreacher’s quite fond of muttering the story under his breath.”“You ran away from home?”Hell, I would too with a mother like that….“When I was about sixteen. I’d had enough.”“Where did you go?”“Your dad’s place,” Sirius said, looking back at Harry’s awed stare. It seemed kind of obvious to me that that’s where he’d go for shelter. “Your grandparents were really good about it; they sort of adopted me as a second son. Yeah, I camped out at your dad’s during the school holidays, and then when I was seventeen I got a place of my own, my Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of gold — he’s been wiped off here too, that’s probably why — anyway, after that I looked after myself. I was always welcome at Mr. and Mrs. Potter’s for Sunday lunch, though.”“But… why did you….?”“Leave?” Sirius gave a bitter smile and ran a hand through his tangled black hair. “Because I hated the whole lot of them: my parents, with their pure-blood mania, convinced that to be a Black made you practically royal… my idiot brother, soft enough to believe them… that’s him.” He pointed a finger to the very bottom of the tapestry at the name ‘Regulus Black,’ followed by date of birth and a date of death only about fifteen years earlier. “He was younger than me, and a much better son, as I was constantly reminded.”“But he died.”Are any of the rest of us really a part of this conversation? I thought humorously. It seems like more of a moment between boy and godfather. I wish Severus would do something like this with me, though he’s not even one to tell me his feelings so openly.“Yeah,” Sirius said thoughtfully. “Stupid idiot… he joined the Death Eaters.”“You’re kidding!”“Come on, Harry, haven’t you seen enough of this house to tell what kind of wizards my family were?”“Were — were your parents Death Eaters as well?”“No, no, but believe me, they thought Voldemort had the right idea, they were all for the purification of the Wizarding race, getting rid of Muggle-borns and having purebloods in charge. “They weren’t alone either, there were quite a few people, before Voldemort showed his true colors, who thought he had the right idea about things…. they got cold feet when they saw what he was prepared to do to get power, though. But I bet my parents thought Regulus was a right little hero for joining up at first.”“Was he killed by an Auror?”“Oh no. No, he was murdered by Voldemort. Or on Voldemort’s orders, more likely, I doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed by Voldemort in person. From what I found out after he died, he got in so far, then panicked about what he was being asked to do and tried to back out. Well, you don’t just hand in your resignation to Lord Voldemort. It’s a lifetime of service or death.”That would be why mom preferred being an ally to being a follower. She was a strong-willed person already, in any case, so she may have wanted to be the Darkest Witch of her time. But dad beat her to it by some number of years….

Important enough to be killed by him in person, huh? Does this show the order that mom had some kind of significance for him to be the one to —“Lunch,” Mrs. Weasley said, coming in through the door. She held her wand up high in front of her, a large tray of sandwiches and cake balanced on the tip.Harry and Sirius stayed beside the tapestry while the rest of us went for the food. I wasn’t quite sure why, but I was extra hungry. Everyone got two sandwiches and a piece of cake to start with but, even eating that, I wanted something more. I thought maybe it was time to start going downstairs for nighttime snacks, since I surprisingly wasn’t even tired from missing sleep the night before. Where was this energy at when I spent those long nights visiting my dad during my first year of school?“How’d you eat all of that so fast?” Fred asked, just starting his second sandwich.“What? I’m hungry. Can’t I be hungry?”“After how much mum stuffed us last night?”“I ate as little as possible in case you forgot. You’re eating slower than me now because you ate my leftovers.”“Well, considering how small you are, we figured you get full a lot faster than us.”“Nope.” I grabbed another sandwich. “I was just smart enough not to stuff myself.”“Hurry up, you two, or there won’t be any food left,” Mrs. Weasley called out to Harry and Sirius.The rest of the evening was spent in complete concentration over trying to empty the glass cabinets safely. I never thought it would be something I would have to consider being almost dangerous to do. The objects literally fought to stay in their spots in the cabinet. Sirius actually got bitten by a silver snuffbox. Within seconds of being bitten, his hand developed a disturbing brown crust.Examining his hand with interest, he said, “It’s okay, must be Wartcap powder in there.” He threw the box into the sack that they were depositing every piece of debris from the cabinet. George sneaked into it with his hand wrapped in cloth and pocketed it along with the doxies.We found a tarnished silver instrument looking much like a pair of tweezers or a compass, but with more than two legs, that crawled up Harry’s arm and attempted to puncture his skin with a needle. But Sirius grabbed it and smashed it with a book titled Nature’s Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy.There was a music box that, when wound, emitted a quiet and sinister tune. We all started feeling weak and sleepy until Ginny and I quickly slammed it shut. I was not about to get stuck under any kind of spell.Mild things were finding a number of ancient seals, and an Order of Merlin, First Class, that had been awarded to Sirius’ grandfather for “Services to the Ministry.”Something that was, in my opinion, somewhere in the middle for danger was a locket that none of us could open… because I felt very odd when holding it. Like it belonged, in a sense, with me. I was only too glad for them to take it and toss it in the bag, making the feeling go away. The main issue was that it only seemed to affect me, and no one else, that way.Kreacher tried several times to smuggle stuff from the rubbish pile, muttering curses every time we caught him at it. When Sirius wrestled a large golden ring bearing the Black Family Crest from him, he actually burst into tears and ran out of the room calling Sirius the worst kinds of names he could think of.“It was my father’s,” Sirius said as he contemptuously threw it into the sack. “Kreacher wasn’t quite as devoted to him as to my mother, but I still caught him snogging a pair of my father’s old trousers last week.”Though Sirius didn’t find the humor in it, the twins and I sure did… bursting into fits of laughter at the image. Fred and George Apparated away with me in tow when he threatened to smack us with said trousers, only further causing us to double over with aching sides.We might have been doing a lot of cleaning, but I can never say it wasn’t fun.

Mrs. Weasley kept us working hard over those three days — in a way she hadn’t made us do before. I already felt sore on the second day of deep cleaning. Decontaminating the drawing room took three days to do. The only activity left over to do was to remove the tapestry, which resisted all of our attempts to remove it. Mad-Eye Moody had not yet stopped by to find out what was inside of it.Moving from the drawing room to a dining room on the ground floor, there were large spiders lurking in the dresser. At which point Ron disappeared for about an hour and a half until we’d gotten rid of them. Sirius easily threw china bearing the Black Family Crest into the sack. The same fate went for a set of old photographs in tarnished silver frames, to which the objects in there squealed at the breaking glass.Kreacher’s muttering became more and more offensive every time he attempted to save something and got caught. Sirius went so far as to threaten to set him free with some clothes but, after a couple of tears, all Kreacher did was “Master must do as Master wishes,” and then he would turn away and mutter, “but Master will not turn Kreacher away, no, because Kreacher knows what they are up to, oh yes, he is plotting against the Dark Lord, yes, with these Mudbloods and traitors and scum but yet Master should worry more about the child of the Dark Lord betraying them all….”My head had snapped up at hearing this. This was the first time the house elf had even mentioned me in his muttering, and I had to be referred to as ‘the child of the Dark Lord.’ I took a deep breath, remembering my own words to everyone else about not getting upset over his offensive wording. He didn’t know any better, after all.Against Hermione’s own protests, Sirius grabbed Kreacher by the back of his loincloth and threw him roughly out of the room.The doorbell rang… very often. Many times a day, really. And each time there were Mrs. Black’s screams and then silence as the rest of us waited by the door to listen in on what was being said. Not that we got to hear very much before Mrs. Weasley called us back to the nearly deadly chores.Severus came often, though he never once came to talk to me — I supposed I had to be grateful considering I was still mad at him. Professor McGonagall came only once, but all of us caught a glimpse of her in Muggle clothing… an odd sight, but she couldn’t stay long. Those two were the only ones who were too busy to stay for very long.Sometimes, though, the visitors helped out. They happily offered, surprisingly enough, for people who knew how gruesome those tasks could be. Tonks joined the afternoon in which we found a ghoul hanging around in an upstairs toilet. Remus, who did stay for the nights in the house but was always gone during the day, helped us repair a grandfather clock that had been shooting heavy bolts at anyone who passed by. Mundungus happened to slightly redeem himself in Mrs. Weasley’s eyes that day he saved Ron from an old — pretty ancient, actually — set of purple robes that tried strangling him the moment he took them out of their wardrobe.I didn’t sneak out after hours again, but I didn’t get much more sleep. I could maybe sleep for a few hours, and then I would be awake for the rest of the night. Half of the time, I went down to the kitchen where Remus and Sirius were awake having a drink. We mostly sat in silence, as though remembering some of the things that happened in our lives together, and thinking about what we could’ve done better.There’s a lot that I could have done better, but yet… I don’t think there’s much of it that I would really change. It all led to this point here at Grimmauld Place, and will lead to so much more than if I had told mom, Severus and Professor Dumbledore from the beginning about my dad. I would have been shut off from knowing anything, and would be so overly protected that it would’ve been ridiculous. I did good with my life, considering.. I just can’t run away from it now.One Tuesday night, though, I started to walk down the stairs and instead stopped at the top to listen in on the voices I was hearing. Voices that were there when they normally weren’t.Sirius and Remus were up as usual though, on top of their voices, the most strange thing was hearing other voices.“Melody should be coming down soon. Should I go tell her now to stay there?” I heard Remus ask.“No, she’ll try to listen in anyway. Besides, something tells me she had some sleeping draught slipped into her pumpkin juice tonight,” Professor Dumbledore replied.“Because you told me to,” I heard Mrs. Weasley reply.I thought something seemed strange with the pumpkin juice… which is why I gave it to Ginny. Thank goodness I didn’t take it, otherwise I would have been banished into another horrible nightmare and I wouldn’t have known Mrs. Weasley did it. Or that Professor Dumbledore had instigated it. Now Ginny’s going to wake up wondering why she had such a deep night’s sleep.Then I heard Severus’ voice. “You should have given her the Draught of Living Death if she’s slept as little as you say she has. It would give her the long, dreamless sleep she needs.”I’m not drinking anything they give me ever again, I thought as my lips set into a thin line. They’re hiding things again.Severus continued, “But, if anything, she’s created those nightmares all by herself.”“You watch your mouth! She’s only a girl!” Mrs. Weasley snapped at him. “She —”“— didn’t know any better?” he snarled. “Blasphemy. She knew exactly what Crouch did to her. Not only could she have told a teacher or Dumbledore about what happened, but she was strong enough to stop him from —”“Children get frightened, especially —”“— not Melody.”I couldn’t help but realize he was right about it. Even though he knew that wasn’t the actual series of events that had happened only months before — that I really did it willingly — there is truth behind it. I knew exactly what I was getting myself into when I first started helping dad out four years ago. I didn’t tell anybody about it, and my actions could have killed a lot of people.“I wonder what Orele was thinking when she placed you as Melody’s guardian —” Sirius said with a sigh.“And I wonder what the thought process was when you were placed as Potter’s guardian —”“Quiet down… quiet down….” Professor Dumbledore said calmly. “This is not a debate. Orele made the choice she thought was right… and Lily and James made the decision they thought was right.”There was silence.He continued, “Now, for the hearing on Thursday, I have asked that Arthur take Harry to work with him so that he may have his hearing in the afternoon and be taken home soon afterward.”Ohh, the unnecessary hearing… well at least Professor Dumbledore will be there so it will be an immediate open and close case. But I hate that he had it ordered for me to be drugged so I wouldn’t listen in — and so I’d sleep, which I hate to admit that I’m almost afraid to do each night.“Might I come with him?” Sirius asked hopefully. “You know, for support —”“No, Sirius… there are followers of Lord Voldemort and the Angel of Death in that building that will know who you are. Peter would have made sure of that once he found him, and his ally and followers came into their ranks.”“... Yes.. of course….”“The hearing will be short and almost painless anyway, since I will be there defending him. There is nothing to worry about.”“Thank goodness. Harry won’t be expelled for sure, now,” Mrs. Weasley said gratefully.“Right,” Sirius almost sounded disappointed, “wouldn’t want him to lose his education.”Unless the Ministry is stubborn. Just like me. No matter what, I

show them all that I can watch out for myself and I don’t need any help. I can do all of this on my

⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Wednesday evening at dinner, Mrs. Weasley turned to Harry and said, “I’ve ironed your best clothes for tomorrow morning, Harry, and I want you to wash your hair tonight too. A good first impression can work wonders.”Harry suddenly looked nervous.I understood why he would feel that way.“How am I getting there?” he asked monotonously.“Arthur’s taking you to work with him.”Mr. Weasley smiled encouragingly at him. “You can wait in my office until it’s time for the hearing.”Harry glanced over at Sirius longingly, so Mrs. Weasley said, “Professor Dumbledore doesn’t think it’s a good idea for Sirius to go with you, and I must say I —”“— think he’s quite right,” Sirius interrupted through clenched teeth.Mrs. Weasley pursed her lips.“When did Dumbledore tell you that?” Harry asked.“He came last night, when you were in bed,” she replied cheekily. “By the way,” she looked at me with a smile, “how did you sleep last night?”Sirius stabbed moodily at a potato with his fork, obviously upset about something more than not being able to accompany Harry to his hearing.“Surprisingly very horrible,” I said, relishing my selfish victory at her sudden frown. This is what would have happened if I actually had that sleeping induced pumpkin juice. “I usually wake up after the first nightmare, but for some reason the nightmares just kept coming one after the other.”Even Sirius and Remus had their guilty looks. Hey, it’s your fault for thinking everything is just dandy if you give the scarred girl a draught when she already has trouble sleeping.The sad part was… I was to the point where I didn’t even feel bad for making them all feel guilty.

I spent the rest of that night sitting on my bed, thinking about the night before. They had discussed more than what was going to happen leading up to Harry’s hearing. For the time being, that was to be their top priority until it was over with, so they could be sure it wouldn’t go so bad as to kick Harry out of school. In any case, there was also discussion in regards to me — the reason why they’d tried to have me drugged in the first place.I couldn’t remember the whole conversation, because my blood had started to boil on quite a number of them. Especially at each of them agreeing that they shouldn’t get me too involved in my dad’s affairs, because I was both too young and was of such a vulnerable mind that I could hightail it over to his side. First and foremost were Remus and Sirius explaining what I had told them about my visions to Professor Dumbledore. Severus was angry.“She wasn’t supposed to tell that to anyone —” my godfather started to say.“Don’t blame her,” Sirius defended me, “she was genuinely upset about keeping it all in, and rightly so. No one should have to deal with those kinds of things, especially if it’s terrifying enough to show up in her dreams. It’s no wonder she hardly sleeps now.”“She certainly had no issue keeping you a secret from the rest of the school — and me — when all she knew was that you were an escaped convict who killed people and followed orders from the Dark Lord.”“That’s different… when she met me, she didn’t believe I had done those things.” Sirius had sounded ultimately proud about that.“How did you two come to meet?” Professor Dumbledore asked curiously.Didn’t I tell him that on the morning of mom’s death? I’d thought critically to myself. No, wait. There were a lot of things I skipped over in my pain. My walls certainly blocked out some details. I think I may have only said that Sirius and I bumped into each other.“Well, you have to notice — when you’re prowling the grounds for a possible fleeing rat — that a snake slithering through the grass is a mighty suspicious thing, especially when it seems like it’s in a hurry to get somewhere. In following her, she even got surrounded by other snakes on her way into the Forbidden Forest…. Once she came out, I got a hold of her and took her back to the Shrieking Shack.”“Did you ask her what she was doing ?” Professor Dumbledore asked thoughtfully. Now I look really suspicious, especially to everyone else.“I did, but she didn’t want to talk about it to me. Even if she did see that I wasn’t dangerous, she wasn’t one to spill her secrets. For all I knew, it could just be a fun pastime for her to hang with the snakes when she’s upset.”“Did she seem upset?”“I had to notice that she seemed to have had a lot on her mind. There was something going on in her private life that bothered her.”Yeah, I had to deal with catching a rat for dad. I had to deal with the fact that I can never get a break from dad, because I have to do something dangerous for him all the time. Everything to do with him stresses me out!“But she also knew things that she couldn’t possibly have known. While she wouldn’t tell me what she was doing, she did say that she had gotten news from some source. That Peter was the rat Ron owned, and that he was the one to kill the Potters rather than me. So.. not only could she tell that I had never killed a soul, but she’d gotten the information. I don’t know how, but —”“Snakes are rather intelligent creatures,” Professor Dumbledore said. “Knowing who her father is, of course Melody has the ability to interact with them. Snakes can spy and are very silent. She did, indeed, tell me about those very escapades on the morning of Orele’s death.”God, Professor Dumbledore is good at covering my tracks. I don’t really trust the man that much, but he

“Never told me —” Severus grumbled.

“You had made rules for her not to use her Animagus form unless she had your permission. Yes, she kept her free time unknown to others, as it perhaps gave her a more stress free environment.”

“When did this girl become an Animagus?” Mrs. Weasley asked in surprise.“Her first year at school,” Severus huffed.Her gasp was a little dramatic. “So young!”“She’s clever. With parents like hers, it’s not surprising that she has such strong magic and the ability to learn quickly.” Remus was the speaker there. “I remember Orele was one to do whatever she could to be the best, even though she hated having to learn and go through moments of failure. Melody has that same feeling, although she has next to no problem at getting things right on her first try.”“That’s where Melody is identical to Voldemort,” Professor Dumbledore admitted. “She hides her feelings and thoughts just like him. Orele had mentioned before I first met Melody that that was something the girl found out how to do on her own. As if she was automatically trying to guard herself from others….”“Why?” Mrs. Weasley squeaked. “Why are we comparing the poor girl to — to that monster?”“Because Molly,” Professor Dumbledore said, “there is a lot that makes her similar to him, and yet he never even raised her. He has tried over the years to take her, and talk to her, in secret. I worry that since her mother had been convinced by the dark side for so long, that even Melody’s conscience may well be easily corrupted. Now that Voldemort has taken her mother out of the picture, after she’s done so much to redeem herself, there is nothing keeping Melody from making that decision to follow in his footsteps.”There was an instant uproar at this from Sirius and Mrs. Weasley.“That can’t be, she’s a good soul —” Mrs. Weasley cried.“Melody has a stronger will than that! Orele raised her well —”I wasn’t sure what was done, because I heard nothing, but the outrage immediately ceased. Professor Dumbledore began talking softly after a short pause. “Orele was the only chance we had at keeping Melody under, I’m sorry to say, control. She raised her, loved her, and even reprimanded her… Melody had not only love for her mother, but respect. She respected her enough to want to be a better person than many wizards are today.“I told Orele all of this when she first contacted me four years ago… I’m afraid that without her, Melody will lose all the will she has to follow the life already laid out for her. Melody may very well revert to her father’s ways automatically.”It became so silent I could hear the twins snoring though I was a floor below them. I had felt like I was having trouble breathing, myself. Professor Dumbledore warned mom of the consequences — that I could decide to become evil like dad — and she ignored him entirely by getting herself killed on purpose. The worst part is that Professor Dumbledore really thinks I could become just like him… even though I’ve established with him that I don’t want to let that happen. Mom must have believed I wouldn’t, otherwise she’d still be here.“Also,” Dumbledore continued, “I apologize for not mentioning it sooner, but there was a good reason we didn’t tell Melody about what the Daily Prophet wrote about Orele…. Since her death, she has become practically unmanageable. Walking outside on her own for hours on end and defying orders — all of which led us to send her here to distract her from her pain.“Severus and I decided that claiming it was a heart attack was far less stimulating than for Orele to have taken her own life, closer to the truth though it may be.”I bit my tongue, infuriated to the point I barely felt my teeth digging in too deep. Exactly. Neither of you wanted to deal with me, so you put me in an environment where I wouldn’t dare act up around other people that don’t know what I’ve done.“Is that why part of the newspaper Hermione received all those weeks ago was ripped off?” Remus asked curiously.“Precisely so. I caution you all — whether it be to Melody, or even Harry — to keep all other Order of the Phoenix intel quiet from here on out. They don’t need to know any more than they already do, otherwise — as you all well know — they may get the bright idea to try enforcing their assistance on us.“But I have talked your ears off long enough. I want you all to get some rest now…. We need to be there every step of the way for Harry at his hearing in two days. I apologize for worrying you about Melody, but it is essential you all know the dangers of having Voldemort’s daughter under this roof — especially at her most vulnerable.”I quickly donned the Disillusionment Charm and stayed out the way as everyone filed out and went upstairs to their rooms. Remus, Sirius, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley… except for Severus and Professor Dumbledore, who stayed in the kitchen.“Do you really mean to say that Orele was able to hide Melody’s existence even from you?” Severus asked in surprise. “I thought you just never told me because Orele wanted to keep her safe in America until she felt it was safe to bring her here.”“I was impressed to be sure,” Professor Dumbledore said. “Melody wouldn’t have been on the list to go to Hogwarts had Orele not sent me a letter with her address asking to speak with me. She would have attended an American school, and no one would have been the wiser about her identity.“Melody was a lot better at keeping her strong magical tendencies hidden than Voldemort. She was even able to keep them from Orele. “It had only been recently that I saw an explanation for all of Melody’s behaviors. Even when she was upset with Orele, she still had a strong respect for her that kept her out of trouble. Orele was the kind of person Voldemort needed that he never had, someone to love him and keep him in line. I sometimes wonder if he felt that kind of energy in her, and if it was another reason why he was so attracted to her.”Severus sighed, “So it wasn’t just her interest in the Dark Arts, it was her personality… Melody talked about her last vision with me, and explained that he did have hidden love for Orele that he tried to suppress. It seemed to be wishful thinking on her part but… after thinking about it, now I see she really did see love there. Not only for Orele, but for Melody as well.”“In Voldemort, that is a dangerous combination,” Professor Dumbledore explained. “He realized that feeling was there while Orele yelled at him in a way no one else dares, so he killed her before it could set in deeper. If Melody confronts him in a similar way, he may just kill her too. He can suppress the feeling so long as no one else knows he has it.“Courtesy of Seraphina, he has put her in the difficult position of spying on Harry during a school year that will need her complete attention. With doing her NEWTs early, and having the Ministry watching her, he knew it would put a lot of unnecessary stress on her… yet, he felt like he had to.”There was a long silence after that.“Something else on your mind, Severus?” Professor Dumbledore asked.“She hates being left in the dark like this. And she’ll know something went down when she wakes up in the morning after being put under the sleeping draught, if she has slept as little as Lupin and Black say.”“We cannot risk her knowing anything. She is in a painful state, any more stimulation and it could push her to drastic measures.”“I don’t feel right hiding things from her anymore… you didn’t have to see the pain in her eyes as I refused to tell her what she wanted to know. The situation she’s in right now is hurting her more than anything. She’s around friends who don’t know about the things she has done, and she’s scared about what could happen when they find out. She already feels lucky enough that Miss Figsund and Mr. Malfoy are still friends with her… I could see that in her face at the funeral.”Professor Dumbledore was silent as far as I could tell, but I knew he’d made some look when Severus spoke again.“What?”“I remember when I first told you that I was going to bring her to the castle early — after explaining who she was. You were adamant in your mind that you were not going to care for her one bit. Your attitude toward her slowly changed over the years. Why is that?”“She… she has as much heart as Orele, and more. While she may look so much like her father, and act partly like him, I do see a lot of Orele in her. It doesn’t even matter so much that she’s gone, because there is still a part of her within Melody. That constant attitude where no matter how upset she is, she tries to make a joke out of it…. I never quite realized it before, but Orele had been almost like a sister to me when we were in school.”“I’ve never heard you speak in such a manner before unless it was about Lily.”“Orele was… Melody is… like family. Orele had always encouraged me to be myself around Lily, and that had helped me overcome my shyness. She kept me safe by occupying the time of Potter and his friends while I spent what time I could with Lily… while she couldn’t do that all the time, she did it whenever possible.“In fact, she blamed herself for not being there that day I messed everything up with Lily. While she liked hanging out with James and his posse… she hadn’t really believed he could love her as much as I did.”Lily and James?... Harry’s parents?... Oh, that.. that explains so much.Severus continued, “Of course, I had offered to be by her side when she got stuck letting Gilderoy Lockhart think she loved him. I never understood why she agreed to be his girlfriend, and I thought that since I messed things up with Lily I might as well make up for Orele’s hard work by being there for her.”“And what was her response?”“That she would prefer to be with someone who loved her the right way rather than someone who held that same love for someone else. She felt the same as me, that we were more like brother and sister, and didn’t want things to grow awkward between us… well, except that soon after that, her becoming the Dark Lord’s newest ally and lover had brought me into an argument with her. She tried to explain something to me, and I didn’t think to listen. I followed him, but I felt like with her temper she could get herself killed. I was angry that she didn’t heed my warning from when I first told her about meeting him… that he was cold hearted and had no mercy. I didn’t want her to get herself killed.”“Do you think now that she was testing a theory?”“Yes. Her love for Voldemort, his love for her… and Melody. All proof that he had feelings, and that someone in Salazar Slytherin’s line could be raised in what we have considered in this day and age to be the right way. That girl has proved time and time again just how loving and caring she can be.”“Severus, be that as it may, we can’t lose focus of this situation. Orele is gone, and Melody already committed horrifying acts unbeknownst to anyone. Remember Barty Crouch… if she hadn’t stepped in, the worst that could have happened would have been his death — something far more preferable to the fate he actually met. Even if he never received the Dementor’s Kiss, no one would have been able to repair the damage she knowingly caused to his memories.“On top of everything, despite claiming loyalty to keeping Harry safe, she has even shown an affinity toward Seraphina who will guide her further down that path. Under her mother’s influence she was a good person, but under Voldemort and Seraphina she may continue to change in a bad way. We don’t have anyone on our side that she respects enough to listen to. She has already begun causing problems by telling the Order about her visions, and I know she has done that on purpose.”“She’ll listen to me if I can just tell her everything that’s going on. If I discuss everything the Order knows and Voldemort knows.. she’ll respect me too.”“We can’t risk that, Severus. I’m sorry. There’s no knowing what she could do with that type of information.”I’d heard enough by that point, so I had disappeared back into my room, closing the door gently behind me.I sighed to myself as I remembered that night. I knew there had to be a reason I have never really respected Professor Dumbledore, and here's why. He may be right that the things I have done don’t give me much hope of trust, but he is still the one making sure everyone keeps things secret.

had respect for my mom, of course, but I had been extremely frustrated when I realized there were things she wouldn’t tell me. Now I see that Professor Dumbledore was the reason why. Same thing goes for Severus… I

respect him. But, in a sense, I have also grown to respect Seraphina — because she doesn’t let anyone tell her what to do and what not to do. Not even dad.

Severus’ past puts things into perspective for me. Hermione had been right that he has a lot of faith in me, and cares more about me than any other student. It also puts into practice the fact that he had been conflicted on how he felt about me because he hates my dad, but cared so much for my mom. Like a sister, he’d said. And his feelings about Harry explain so much as well… Harry’s dad stole the love of Severus’ life. Considering how much I’ve heard that Harry looks like his dad, it’s no wonder he picks on him — not that that kind of behavior is excusable in any way.

The story also explains the reason for his frostiness toward my mother when she came to Diagon Alley to go shopping with me my first year. It had been years since they’d seen or heard from each other, and they still hadn’t made up since she’d become a big part of Voldemort’s life.

There is so much more to everything than I thought. Than what I already know. And it’s up to me now to prove mom’s theory. One that she had worked so hard on for not much longer than I have been alive. She certainly inherited the ability to follow an obsession from grandpa, because it seems that this had been ruling a better part of her life.

What can I do to prove what kind of person I am? Where do my loyalties truly lie?⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I walked into the kitchen early the next morning, rubbing my eyes. I heard voices, but yet I hadn’t expected to see Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Remus, Sirius, and Tonks sitting there — everyone dressed and ready for the day except for Mrs. Weasley, who wore a quilted, purple dressing gown. Tonks yawned excessively, but everyone else seemed more on edge than sleepy.Harry’s hearing is today.“What is this, a party?” I asked, taking a seat next to Remus and Tonks.“You could say that,” Sirius said with a hollow sort of chuckle. “Did you get any sleep last night?”“No… the night before really did a number on me…” I said, my own yawn ringing throughout the kitchen.Sirius looked concerned, but Mrs. Weasley tried to act nonchalantly about the matter.“You’ll be all right, dear,” she said. “All you need to do is keep trying and you’ll be able to get that insomnia fixed up in no time.”Sure….“It’s not exactly that easy, Mrs. Weasley.”She was about to say something back, but Harry walked in at that moment all dressed and ready for the day. I don’t know, but I think I would be trying to delay getting ready like that for a day I’m not looking forward to.Mrs. Weasley jumped to her feet at his entrance. “Breakfast,” she pulled out her wand and hurried over to the fire.Wow, I never had anything like that except from mom when I used to wake up in the middle of the night to get a snack and she was down in the kitchen… Why does it feel like Mrs. Weasley just totally dissed me? I wasn’t asked about breakfast. It seems that her mind has accumulated — since Professor Dumbledore told everyone to watch me — a tendency to think of me as something that deserves no attention.“M-m-morning, Harry,” Tonks yawned once again, stretching her arms into her now curly blonde hair. Metamorphmagi were amazing. “Sleep all right?”“Yeah,” Harry answered.“I’ve b-b-been up all night,” another yawn. “Come and sit down….” She pulled a chair out for him, knocking another one over in the process.“What do you want, Harry? Melody?” Mrs. Weasley called. Now she asks me. “Porridge? Muffins? Kippers? Bacon and eggs? Toast?”“Just — just toast, thanks,” Harry said.“A muffin, thank you,” I said, trying hard not to grind my teeth together.Remus glanced at Harry before saying to Tonks, “What were you saying about Scrimgeour?”“Oh… yeah… well, we need to be a bit more careful, he’s been asking Kingsley and me funny questions… and I’ll have to tell Dumbledore I can’t do night duty tomorrow, I’m just t-t-too tired.” Tonks gave another big yawn.“I’ll cover for you,” Mr. Weasley said. “I’m okay, I’ve got a report to finish anyway….” I suddenly realized he was wearing, not wizard’s robes, but pinstriped trousers and an old bomber jacket. He turned to Harry, “How are you feeling?”Harry shrugged.“It’ll all be over soon. In a few hours’ time you’ll be cleared.“The hearing’s on my floor, in Amelia Bones’s office. She’s Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and she’s the one who’ll be questioning you.”“Amelia Bones is okay, Harry,” Tonks said. “She’s fair, she’ll hear you out.”Harry nodded.Bones sounds familiar. Isn’t there a

Bones in our year? What House is she again… Hufflepuff? I think so.Sirius spoke abruptly, “Don’t lose your temper. Be polite and stick to the facts.”Harry nodded once more.“The law’s on your side,” Remus said softly. “Even underage wizards are allowed to use magic in life-threatening situations.”Mrs. Weasley came in with a wet comb and started attacking Harry’s hair with it — to the boy’s surprise. “Doesn’t it ever lie flat?” she asked desperately. I had never seen it flat, so it seemed logical to me — especially once he shook his head — that that was part of the magic of his hair. It was naturally — and would stay — unkempt.Mr. Weasley checked his watch and then looked up at Harry. “I think we’ll go now. We’re a bit early, but I think you’ll be better off there than hanging around here.”“Okay,” Harry replied, dropping his toast as he got up.Tonks pat him on his arm, “You’ll be all right, Harry.”“Good luck,” Remus said. “I’m sure it will be fine.”Sirius was grim, but I had to grin, as he said, “And if it’s not, I’ll see to Amelia Bones for you….”Harry smiled weakly. Mrs. Weasley hugged him.“You’ll be all right,” I said. “You’ve been through much worse. I know you can handle this.”His smile got a little bigger, “Thanks.”“We’ve all got our fingers crossed,” Mrs. Weasley said, with a small grin pointed towards me.“Right,” Harry said. “Well… see you later then.”He followed Mr. Weasley out the kitchen and up the stairs.Yeah, he’ll be fine. The Ministry is nothing compared to the horrors my dad’s put him through. I finished up my muffin and walked back to my room where the girls still slept peacefully. Just wish I could sleep.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛A half hour passed by and everybody was awake and eating breakfast, anxiously awaiting the news. There was some issue I’d heard while I was in my room — something about Harry’s hearing being changed to a much earlier time on extra short notice. Thankfully, though, Mr. Weasley sent an owl saying that he made it just in time. Mrs. Weasley had been in quite a panic before then.“He won’t get expelled, will he? Oh, I hope he doesn’t. They can’t do that!” Hermione said, repeatedly, while taking a bite of her eggs.“He’ll be fine, Hermione,” I said, leaning against the wall in the kitchen with my hand outstretched in case she needed to grab my hand and squeeze. Which was needed a couple times every few minutes. “You know how it is with him. I think he must have luck attached to that scar of his.”Hermione giggled appreciatively.“Right,” Ron agreed with a grin. It was surprising to see him warm up to me over the weeks I’d been staying.I don’t know if Harry and Hermione decidedly had good things to say about me or something, but it was like I had become a friend to Ron as well. And it didn’t feel right to me.“I’m sure he’ll be all right.” He stuffed his mouth with bacon.Somebody suddenly stood in the threshold of the kitchen, and everyone jumped up in excitement believing it was Harry. It wasn’t.Severus stood in the doorway, the cold and aloof facial expression I remember from when I first met him was on his face. Everyone but Sirius sat back down in disappointment, Ron had an ugly look on his face.“What do you need, Snape?” Sirius asked.“I want to spend the day with my goddaughter. Am I not allowed that simple courtesy?”I looked down at my feet. Did I have to have as bad a start to the day as Harry? While I used to be ecstatic at the sight of Severus, at that moment I just felt a little hurt remembering how he acted. But, I didn’t say anything against him taking me like I would have a week before because I had also seen him show Professor Dumbledore that he didn’t like keeping secrets from me. Maybe something can be fixed today… or maybe that’s just my imagination and hope getting the better of me.“No —” Sirius began to say.“Sirius,” Remus said quietly. “Do you really think you have a choice in the matter? He is her guardian now.”Sirius sat back down, sulking silently.I felt bad for him. All cooped up in the house with no where to go. Two of his old friends dead, one a traitor and, though the other one was still there, he was mostly out of the house. And the kids of the friends who are dead remind him so much of them… but they have to leave the house sometimes, too.Whoa! Severus’ hand had suddenly grabbed my arm and I was being dragged up the stairs and out of the house. Then Disapparated somewhere… his house. We were inside in the living room alone within moments of him opening the front door.“What do you really need?” I asked monotonously as I looked up at him.I was slightly taken aback to see that the frosty look was gone from his face. His defenses were completely down, too. That was an unexpected gift.“I meant it when I said that I want to spend the day with you.” His hand still held onto my arm, his grip gentle and yet never wavering.I wasn’t sure what to say to that, so I just looked down at the ground.“I’ll tell you everything,” he said softly. “Everything that you haven’t heard already about what the Dark Lord is doing. It is true what the Order told you about him searching for followers — and, as a result of what Seraphina pulled, he also expects you to recruit some. They will be your followers…. He expects that you give yourself a name as his ally so he’ll be able to officially announce about you once he comes to further power.”My head snapped up, “Wait… so I won’t be.. I won’t be a secret anymore? He’ll announce that his daughter is his new ally?”“Yes… hopefully that won’t be happening anytime soon, but there’s no knowing for certain. And… a few nights ago..”“I know… I heard everything.”My mind was beginning to crack at the daunting idea of everyone knowing who I was and who I worked for… forget trying to help the Order of the Phoenix. I’m going to be found out, and have to go into hiding with dad. I’ll be stuck with him twenty four seven. No breaks. Constant stress.Severus growled, “I told them you would find out about the draught —”“— well…” I awkwardly interrupted. “Wasn’t so much finding out than that I just didn’t drink it…. Anyways, I heard him when he said he figured I might be weak-willed toward the Dark Arts without my mom around…… In the end, he might have a point.”I turned my head to the side so I wouldn’t have to see him hesitate to respond — as I was sure he would — only to find a picture on the side table that I hadn’t noticed before. How have I never seen that, and yet I lived here for a week?!“You heard…?” he seemed to lose thought for a moment, but then cleared his throat. “What happened to the sleeping draught then?”“I didn’t trust it the moment Mrs. Weasley gave it to me just before bed… so I gave it to Ginny.”“What if it had been poisoned?” he sounded amused.“Mrs. Weasley’s not stupid enough to try to poison somebody around her own family — I sleep in the same room as her daughter! Everyone should know nothing good would’ve come from that. Besides,” I grinned cheekily at him, “I learned from the best potions master ever, I’m sure I could’ve whipped up something to save her.”He chuckled softly.And yet, I feel I would’ve still been blamed for her being poisoned if it had come to that…. The thought was not reassuring.I groaned, “Why did mom have to tell the Ministry, of all people, who’s kid I am? This could have all been avoided, and Professor Dumbledore wouldn’t have had to tell the Order anything!”He pursed his lips, “He admitted he would have told the Order anyways. It’s information needed so that they can watch you more closely, especially since he found out your part in the past.”“But,” I looked down again as I felt despair kicking on my chest, “I thought he agreed that I played an important part in getting dad into an easier position of getting killed — defeated….”Severus placed two fingers gently under my chin to lift my gaze back up to his. “Be that as it may, you have still done some unforgivable things. The best of the Order wouldn’t have gone so far for spy work.”My eyes welled up with held back tears I quickly blinked away. “I know… that’s why I admit Dumbledore has a point about me. Most of what I’ve done hasn’t actually been for Harry’s sake. Rather for dad’s, because… because I wanted to help him.”Severus gave me a look of remorse, moving his hand from my chin to place his palm against my cheek. It was as he wiped his thumb under my eye that I realized a tear must’ve escaped me.I broke free from his grip the moment it slackened, and picked up the picture I’d been studying earlier. “Why didn’t I notice this before?” There were two out of three very familiar looking people in it, though they were so much younger than I’d ever seen them. Possibly aged fifteen, I saw both mom and Severus smiling up at me and laughing at something the red headed girl was saying.He cleared his throat nervously, “Ah, well, you were out of the house or up in your room more often than not.”Mom had an air about her younger self that I didn’t remember seeing in her adult years. A drive to find her future, and be successful. Her gray eyes seemed to look ahead of the moment, especially so when she looked at Severus and the red-headed girl. I remember how mom always enjoyed things as she got them… what made her change from a future driven girl to a woman who felt joy at the things she already had?Looking at the red headed girl, I suddenly realized that her eyes were a very familiar shade of green. “This is Lily?”His long moment of silence gave me all the answer I needed. “You overheard that conversation, too?”“I didn’t want to miss anything… besides, you want to feel like I respect you and now I do, even more than just knowing that you wanted to tell me everything. You actually cared for my mom a lot more than just the one time I saw you two interact. And… it must have been hard knowing the woman you loved went with somebody else….”He didn’t respond.“You said something about it being your fault any chances with Lily got messed up. What happened?”He sighed, “James and his posse enjoyed tormenting me. Orele usually stepped in and had some fun doing duels with them as a form of distraction while I slipped away. But that day, well, Orele was in detention and I was down by the lake when they came and had me hanging upside down in a tree. Lily came up to tell them to stop, and I got upset because Orele was always more subtle in getting them to stop… you know boys at that age, they don’t like it when a girl has to protect them. I…. I said something I shouldn’t have.”“Yeah?”“... Ah, Melody, you know the word for Muggleborns….”I looked up at him, finding his face full of regret. “Severus… I’m sorry….”He shook his head, “No, I am. That’s nothing you need to worry about.”“It is. It’s a feeling you still have to deal with, even if it happened all those years ago.” I put the picture down. “I guess that just shows how scared I am that I may just end up like dad, or that I’ll spend the rest of my life regretting the decision I made to help him out if everything goes awry for the rest of the world because of him.”“I know… but I am here for you when you need to vent…. Your mother had always been there for me when I needed it… I didn’t use her help very often over the past few years, though I have needed it excessively. The best I can hope to do is repay her back for everything she has done for me by being there if you need me. Will you accept my help? I can understand if you don’t, I refused your mother’s many times.”I crossed my arms — not defensively, just awkwardly — and asked, “What kind of help are you thinking of giving me?”“Firstmost… to get those walls down….”I shivered involuntarily.“I know it scares you, and I see you’ve taken three down already. But that eleventh wall has cracked a little —”“Don’t lie, I know it cracked something fierce.”A small laugh forced itself out of his throat, causing him to clear his throat before he held his hand out to me. “Do you trust me?”I looked at it. He’s let me see a side of him that I’ve never seen from him before.. all so I can feel trusted and a little more involved. And he told me about a past that still hurts him to this day. He does deserve trust… looks like there still is an adult I can count on.I put my hand in his, but was more than surprised to have him pull me in for a tight hug. The wall cracked even further, eventually falling dramatically down, especially since the familiar smell of his potions closet hit me… the herby, flowery smell that felt refreshing as it circulated through my lungs.My stomach lurched painfully, and I couldn’t hold back the tears as I hugged him back and buried my face in his chest. I guess I was wrong… he is like a cuddly teddy bear when he wants to be.

I felt better, and yet worse, once the tears had stopped falling. The way they fell so fast, and of their own accord, made me realize that I was probably going to cry harder and longer each time I brought a wall down. Ten more times of doing that was looking less appealing by the minute. By the second, actually.Severus decided to take me out to the Leaky Cauldron for lunch, and said I could get as much food as I wanted. Considering the gourmet meals I was getting at Grimmauld Place, I was happy to just get a burger and some fries.“That’s not healthy,” Severus mumbled as I ate.Swallowing a bite I had taken, I said, “Having something fattening is okay every once in a while, vegetable junkie.”“I’m not a vegetarian. I do eat meat —”“It’s okay Severus, I can keep it a secret. I mean, fries are a vegetable, but I guess you don’t want them because they were fried. Too fattening as you might say. So, you’re a vegetable junkie and a skinny junkie.”“I forgot just how infuriating you can be sometimes.” He sounded very disgruntled, but a small smile still appeared on his face.“Doesn’t stop you from liking me,” I replied with an upbeat chuckle.“Aw, how sweet,” a smooth voice said. The person sat down next to me.I turned to see, “Seraphina? Hi!”Wow, I thought, I bet dad feels jealous of her one way or another. She’s walking around like a free woman… I suppose people don’t know she’s his ally just yet. I would’ve thought I’d hear about the Order tailing her by now if she’s always walking out in the open like this.I looked around at my surroundings, and then asked, “How are you not being followed?”“So long as he promises to keep an eye on me,” she gestured toward Severus, “no one in their right mind is going to take a chance at it. Dumbledore has told them just how dangerous I am.”She sounds extra proud about that.Severus, I realized, was frowning. “Why are you here Seraphina?”“Actually, how did you know we were here?” I asked.“I have my secrets,” Seraphina told me with a smirk. “As for why I’m here, it’s because I had to hear Lucius Malfoy beg for me to find you in a timely fashion.”“What does he need? You can say it in front of Melody.”She raised an eyebrow at him, “My, what a change in you this is. Was this girl powerful enough to put you under an Imperius Curse?”“Ha, ha,” he mocked. “Now, what is it?”“Oh, no, you’re still your sarcastic, boring self… pity,” she said with a pout. But then she started speaking animatedly to the both of us. “Anyway, Malfoy wanted to tell you that the plan failed.”“Plan? What plan?” I asked.“It was a plan to get Mr. Potter expelled from Hogwarts. Mr. Malfoy had been notified of the boy’s spellcasting outside of school the moment it happened, and convinced Fudge to take the chance at getting him expelled. Considering Fudge’s desperateness at discrediting him, he went for it.”“So Harry won his case?”“Dumbledore won it for him,” Seraphina quickly noted. “It was Malfoy’s idea to change the time at the last minute so that the boy would be late, almost losing his case automatically, and Dumbledore wouldn’t be there to help him out. All for naught, since Weasley brought him into work with him, so he was able to get there quickly without being extremely tardy. As for Dumbledore, he made it and presented a witness — some squib who lives on the boy’s street.”I found myself rolling my eyes, “I told him he gets out of tight spaces without much issue. Of course he was cleared. What did Mr. Malfoy think would happen?”Seraphina laughed. “Maybe we need your expertise since you know so much. Even your father thought it could work. To get him fully discredited, and then be able to corner him when he’s all alone? He was excited…. I would like to watch Mr. Malfoy deliver the news with your accompaniment, Severus.”“He wants me to come with him? That’s what the urgency is about?” Severus asked.She inclined her head.“Tell him to go alone — or with you, since you’re so eager — I’m spending the day —”“Oh, come on, it’ll be fun! You can go back to enjoying some time with your goddaughter after it’s over. In the meantime, he brought his son too, so the two of them can wait outside while we have the … discussion.” Her large grin showed just how much she relished conflict. And torture… she was hoping for torture to happen, too, considering the sadistic smile I was looking at.Severus sighed, “Fine. Come, Melody, you can wait with Mr. Malfoy while I make sure his father survives.”I raised an eyebrow at him, “With news like that, it sounds like you hardly think you’ll be able to hold dad back.”“The Dark Lord will be fine. He doesn’t put much faith in plans made so suddenly.”"Actually," Seraphina said. "He does have reason to be upset. Malfoy was speaking to Fudge after the hearing was over. He was stupid enough to do it out in the open, so when the boy and Mr. Weasles walked out, they saw them speaking. The Order will be looking into that.""Oh…” I thought aloud, “that is dumb. Yeah, make sure he's alive by the end of the day. I don't need another friend where my dad happened to kill their dad."Seraphina laughed extra hard, to the point I nearly thought she’d fall out of her seat.Severus just shook his head with a sigh and stood up. "Don't tell that joke to Draco. He wouldn't find it very amusing.""Come on, you have to admit it's at least a little hilarious," Seraphina said with small chuckles."No."I smiled, glad to see that he was still his usual self.“By the by,” Seraphina said, looking at me closely. “I love your haircut, darling. It’s perfect for you.”“Wow, look at who was the first to notice,” I said, looking pointedly at Severus.“I noticed,” he said nonchalantly.“You didn’t say anything about it, though.”“Am I supposed to?”“Yes! Then I can know if you like it or not.. or if you just don’t care one way or another. I bet you’d notice it better if I dyed it.”“I forbid it.”“You can’t forbid it. Only dad —”He frowned deeply at me.“I’m kidding!” I said, putting my hands up. “Yeesh, I’m not that much of a bad-mouth.”“Yes, you are.”“Oh, lighten up.”“You are very irritating, Melody. Stop talking, and let’s go. We don’t have all day.”I burst into laughter. “Awe, come on —”“Did the Dark Lord move into Crabbe Chateau already?” he asked Seraphina, ignoring me completely.“Yes. Dumbledore started his sweep on my mansion yesterday evening, so it was good of you to warn us. Voldy moved out that morning, and I had members of the Order questioning me to high heaven. What the point of that was, I have no idea, because honestly it doesn’t matter to me if he’s at my place. I’m hardly there anyway. The poor Crabbes will have to deal with his face from now on.”He nodded and looked down at me. “Stand up before I ground you.”“I can sit while we Disapparate… and besides, ground me how? I’m at headquarters constantly cleaning like I’m already grounded.”“Don’t be cocky, and don’t be spoiled.” Severus growled dangerously.I’m just joking… gah, I guess I better stop kidding around like that with Severus, because he is getting more furious by the minute. Unless he can’t take a joke because Seraphina is right here…. Yeah, yeah, that must be it. Otherwise he

get irritated, but not this bad where he’s seriously threatening and chastising me.I obediently became quiet and stood next to him, taking hold of his arm.Seraphina curiously raised an eyebrow at me, but it didn’t last long when she and Severus Disapparated at the same time. We got to Crabbe Chateau, and her attention had already been moved to where Lucius and Draco stood. Lucius was extra nervous, fidgeting with his coat, and flinched when he heard the crack. He sighed in relief when he was Severus, but stiffened again once seeing Seraphina and myself. Seraphina gave a satisfied smile.“He’s been staying in our main room,” Lucius said with a shaky voice. He looked at me, “C-Could you —?”I interrupted him softly, I’m not even sure why but… my mouth started talking before my brain registered anything. “Stop shaking,” I brushed his shoulders and looked him in the eye. “Just tell him you made a slight mistake, and explain what happened. You’ll be all right. You haven’t done the worst thing in the world, so he won’t make as big a deal out of it this time."I'm counting on you to do that. I don’t want you to fall down the ranks of his Death Eaters…. There isn't much I can do to change his mind on such matters, but I know you’ve got this.”"Thank you," he replied softly. He straightened himself out and, with Severus and Seraphina following him, opened the door to the main room. Seraphina waved her wand, and the door closed with an ominous bang.“I think she did that on purpose,” I said out loud.“You mean shutting the door to make it sound like he’s walking to his doom?” Draco said hollowly. “I think so too… erm, thanks for doing that for my father. He needed that.”“I like your dad. I know mine is difficult.. so anything I can do to keep your dad out of trouble.”“But he told me everything… like about the Quidditch World Cup —”“Where your parents fled from the Dark Mark with us in tow? That obviously goes into the papers as quickly as possible, and dad knew I was going with you. I had to be honest with him about that. But, I swear, I knew for a certainty that he wouldn’t hurt your dad. There were other former Death Eaters that committed dumber actions than that — and your dad knows how to make up for his mistakes, silver tongue that he has.”He gave a small smile. “Thanks, Mel… your haircut looks nice.”I automatically ran my hand through my shortened hair, letting it sift through my fingertips. “Thank you… but, it’ll never be as nice as yours.”“I wouldn’t expect it to be anything like mine,” Draco replied with a small smile. “But, while I have you hear, I thought maybe we could talk —”A cough caught in my throat at that, my conscience knowing where it was going, and I looked down at my feet. I would have to nip the problem in the bud immediately. “Draco, just for this year let’s leave things alone and be friends again.”I wish I could explain to him what’s really going on. My dad doesn’t understand love and relationships… and considering the way he ended mom’s life just like that, I’m not sure I understand it either. I’ve always figured that if you love someone, you would do anything for them to keep them alive and safe. Except dad was scared. He killed her because he loved her…… I don’t know how I feel about Draco, I was only in a relationship with him for a few months. But if I can, I will keep him out of harm’s way —

“Oh.. erm.. I guess…” he replied softly, disappointment crossing over his pointed features.The tenth wall in my mind cracked deep, and what felt like my heart broke in half a little. Curses, why must I feel so bad?⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Lucius came out looking like he’d just been blessed with something wonderful, only to see us sitting on the couch. Emotions were still blocked off from my face, but I was beginning to see facial expressions a little better. Draco had a look on his face that said he was trying not to be upset, trying to make the best out of it.I had Severus looking at me with a frown, like he knew I did something wrong. Lucius wasn’t really trying to figure out why Draco was so upset. He wanted to go home to Narcissa so he could celebrate another day of living — after getting a celebratory hug from Draco, of course.Before Draco followed his dad out, he turned and said, “See you later, Melody. It was… nice seeing you.”Seraphina was looking from me to the stairs he’d just went up, and then asked, “What horrors went on out here while I was dealt a disappointment in there?”“Nothing important. Does dad need to see me?”“I would like to see you, yes,” a voice said from the door they had just come out of. He walked over to me with a smile.Pushing my feelings down extra far, I looked up at him with another smile.“There is something I would like to discuss with you in private,” he said, putting his arm around me to rest his hand on my shoulder and guide me through the house to walk around the garden in the back. “I have a few tasks for you while you’re at school this year. I’m sure Seraphina already told you the main priority.”Oh boy… “Yeah…. Spy on Harry Potter. I thought I was already doing that for you ever since the day we first met, though.”He chuckled, “Smart girl. I’ve taught you well.”Exactly what you were hoping to boast to mom about, huh, dad? That you taught me well, and she didn’t at all, I thought almost angrily behind my small smile.“You will be my ally, that much is a guarantee. When I met Orele, she already had her alias. Seraphina does too, but right now you’re in position to replace your mother.”“So, if mom had agreed to be an ally again, it would have just been her and Seraphina?”“You as well, but not right away. You’re still in school after all.”Right, a man who doesn’t care about his daughter wouldn’t say something like that to her. He would have said she’d be an ally no matter what. He

care. He just doesn’t want others to see it because he believes it a sign of weakness. But he still gives off the signs….He continued, “I need for you to think up both of those necessities. A name and a sign for yourself… and what else do you require as an ally?”“... Followers?”He nodded.Shoot! “But I was told mom didn’t have followers.”“We need all the people we can gather. When the war comes, and people know who you and Seraphina really are, there is nothing they can do to stop us… unless you want to be like your mother and chance us losing because you didn’t add to our ranks.”My eyebrows furrowed in thought, “Did you lose some battles in the last war because of her?”“Yes,” he hissed. “I let her get away with it then, but I’m not letting it happen now when there is so much more on the line.” He stopped and turned me to face him, “Your infuriating mother never listened to me. I’m not making the same mistake with you. Let me know now if we’re going to have any… disagreements.”I swallowed. So now he’s talking to me in a — well, a sort of — fatherly tone. A highly dangerous ‘I will kill you if you don’t do as I ask’ tone, and literally too, but a fatherly tone nonetheless…. Huh, that poses a terrifying thought.“No, no disagreements. I admit, I’m still learning the ropes from you. I am very grateful for all that you have taught me… I just don’t want to disappoint you.”His smile, bright and proud as it was, made him look even more threatening somehow. The sharp teeth did the trick on that note.I searched through my head for a change in subject. “What do you think of my haircut?” I asked.He touched his hand to the top of it. “Perfect… it’s reminiscent of the way my hair was cut. It looks really good on you. It makes you look…”My heart sank “... more like you?”That’s something I hadn’t thought of in regards to the way he’d had his hair styled when he was younger. I should’ve looked into that before getting it cut. Now what will the Ministry think when they see me like this? They have all his files, so there would be all those ID pictures of him to go off of. Old as they may be, I’m sure they made sure they stayed nice and clear after all this time.His smile seemed to widen, if that was even possible, and made me feel like he was accepting me into hell. “I have another matter to discuss,” he admitted softly.Why don’t I like the sound of this? “Yes?”“A Marcus Flint spoke with me on the matter of being your bodyguard —”I frowned deeply. “Did he come to you after mom’s funeral?”He gave me a look upon being interrupted.“Sorry,” I muttered, “it’s just that I refuse to have any sort of bodyguard that I am able to defeat on my own. With one spell, at that.”“It almost seems as though the problem is something more.”I paused. He doesn’t know. Otherwise he would have mentioned it, and understood without me having to explain, why I refuse so wholeheartedly… ugh, and I can’t mention it, either. I — I don’t want to be that ruthless. If dad were to find that out, he might kill Marcus. I don’t think I’d be able to live with myself after that. So, all I said was, “That is the half of it. The other is that he has a strong dating interest in me. I dated him and then broke it off. I felt nothing for him.”When he cheated, that was when I figured I really had no emotions. And yet, the pain from breaking it off with Draco is intense. Each time I bring down a wall, it gets worse. There’s ten walls left, one’s cracking now, and the pain of having done that to Draco is almost unbearable. Why is he so different?“I felt nothing for your mother —” you’re a damn lie, too, dad, “and yet we worked so well together. Try it. He comes from a strong family, and his strength more than makes up for his weakness in magic.”Love is not a weakness. And I highly doubt Marcus has any since he did that to me so easily… then again, do

really even have any?“I’m sorry dad, but I refuse to have anything to do with someone who only has muscle strength and not even one magical strength. It’s so bad that I had to tutor him in his last couple years at Hogwarts.”He looked thoughtful, “You do make a valid point, Melody. I’ll keep that in mind…. In that case, would you prefer Barty’s protection?”An honest grin found its way to my lips. It wasn’t only the irony that got to me, considering he’d tried to kill me only a few months ago, but the fact that I’d had a lot of fun learning from him. For a paranoid psychopath, he was a surprisingly great teacher. “I would enjoy that. Matter of fact, is he around?”Dad shook his head, “I’ve tasked him to track down all my former Death Eaters that dared ignore my call. He claimed just last night that he’d found evidence of Karkaroff attempting to flee to Africa — he’s after that lead as we speak.”I snorted, feeling slight shame in how I felt about it as I replied. “When he comes back, make sure he knows that I won’t forgive him if he hasn’t killed the coward by the time I next see him.”If the light way he squeezed my hand meant nothing, then his grin at least spoke volumes about how he felt hearing me say that. I even found myself relishing the feeling of his attention on me being that of pride and accomplishment.I may not be absolutely certain about whose side I’m on, but I have to admit that for some odd reason… this feels right.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Severus Apparated me back to Grimmauld Place. Once we walked in the door I tried to run through the hallway to the stairs, but he grabbed onto the collar of my shirt before I could do anything.“What do you think you’re doing?” he whispered in my ear.“I’m trying to go find Harry to congratulate him on winning his case. Can I go do that, please, while you’re still standing here trying to choke me?”He let go of my collar only to take tight hold over my upper arm as I tried to wrangle my way out. “Melody Riddle, you know why I’m trying to talk to you —”“And you know why I’m trying to avoid it, so —”“No, you will not avoid me. What did you discuss with your father?”I stopped struggling and groaned, “Severus… he is asking the impossible from me this year all because he doesn’t want to look weak in front of Seraphina and the Death Eaters — and the world once it comes down to it.”“Tell me,” he growled.“Not with that tone. It’s upsetting enough that as soon as Seraphina showed up you became irritated and short with me for no reason.”“You started acting the spoiled brat!” he shouted, about as loud as Mrs. Weasley normally is when she blows up at somebody.Mrs. Black’s portrait started screaming and screeching curse words. The moment I heard the curtain close over the portrait, I replied in a soft tone in case anyone came down the hallway to listen, “You know me better than that Severus. I kid, I joke, I tease. You also know my mother, she has never spoiled me rotten even once.“Dad is the worst of everything in that he puts all this pressure on me to do what he asks, trying to get me to be just like him. There — you happy? — that’s part of what was said. I’m starting to look and become him. Now… let me go!”I shouted the last part at the top of my lungs, causing Mrs. Black’s painting to start screeching again and for Severus to let go of me. I ran down the hallway and up the stairs to see Sirius finish closing the curtain. He looked worriedly at me before shooting Severus an angry glare, but I was not staying to watch a fight break out between two childhood enemies.I got to the top of the stairs and suddenly heard two cracks. One being the twins appearing beside me, two being them taking me along only to appear right in what I recognized as Harry’s room.After rubbing my aching stomach, I said, “It would be nice if, you know, just once, I could be allowed to go places on my own again. I really do miss those days when I could walk up the stairs. Where I could knock on someone’s door, and walk in.”“But you did once say you wished you could learn how to Apparate without getting sick, so —” Fred started to say.“I never told you that,” I deadpanned quickly.“Becky told us,” George said with a lovesick smile. “You mentioned it your first year of Hogwarts.”“Don’t tell me you all took that seriously? That was — what? — four freaking years ago. A person changes.”“True, I recall you being an angel,” Fred said.“You think so, but recall again. When we first met, I didn’t have a wand, so there was no way to protect myself if I said something two random strangers with wands didn’t like.”“You can’t do anything now. You’re not at Hogwarts, it’s against the law,” they said smugly.“Watch me do it and get away with it,” I said with a small smile.I turned to find Harry, Ron, Ginny and Hermione sitting quietly just staring at us. Harry had just been watching us bicker with a smile on his face.“So I heard you won your case,” I said. “Congrats. I told you it would work out.”“Yeah, thanks,” he said.Fred, George, and Ginny instantly began chanting, “He got off! He got off! He got off!”I could hear Mrs. Weasley from all the way downstairs screeching, “How many times do I have to tell you to shut up?”

A few days passed where Severus didn’t come by again. Wow, I thought, How amazing that we had just made up after not speaking for days at a time, and now it’s happening all over again.I’d had to get rid of that tenth wall on my own in the quiet of my room while everyone was asleep. A smart idea, because it felt like forever before I finally stopped crying and the pain in my chest stopped throbbing so violently. Nine left to go. But the guilt rose further, to the point it felt like I was drowning in it. So I observed what went on around me to see what I could distract myself with.Ah, I realized, Sirius is acting all gloomy now. He celebrated just as much as everyone else when Harry found out he could still go to school, and yet.. what is it? Jealousy? Selfishness? Maybe both? Can I do something to fix it?Harry looked so confused, and almost guilty, about the way Sirius was reacting. I saw him disappear with Ron and Hermione to finish cleaning the room Mrs. Weasley assigned them to, and I figured I had to skimp out on my chores to talk to Sirius.I followed him up to his mother’s old room where Buckbeak stayed, carrying the bag of dead rats with him. When he opened the door, I made sure to slip inside before he could close it.It was a big room, the bed frame and everything had been stripped and moved off to be stuffed into a closet. Buckbeak lay on the large mattress, preening his feathers as he pretended to ignore our entrance.“Nice renovations,” I said with a nod, turning to look at an amused Sirius. “What?”“What’s on your mind?” he asked with a chuckle, closing the door softly behind him.“The real question is…” I said, sitting down next to Buckbeak while avoiding the blood stains to the best of my ability. “What’s on your mind?”His chuckle turned into a full-blown laugh.Suddenly, I felt a little awkward. “What’s so funny?”“I’m sorry, it’s just that you sometimes act like a mother. What happens to the kid in you half of the time?” He threw a rat Buckbeak’s way, and the hippogriff immediately stopped cleaning his feathers to catch it mid-air.I thought critically about that, settling on a shrug for my response.Sirius’ smile turned into a frown as he looked at me, suddenly seeming to notice that I wasn’t as amused. “Hm.. I think I know what this is about.”“You do?” I asked curiously.“Of course,” he sat down on the floor next to the bed, patting the ground next to him in welcome. When I obliged, he said, “You must be worried about how your parents’ decisions affect your own.”Suddenly, all thought of fixing his relationship with Harry was tossed out of my head as I stared back at him. I wasn’t even thinking of talking to him about that, and yet he’s right on the money.He smiled knowingly, “You can talk about it with me. Must be important if you’ve skipped the daily cleaning.”I turned my head to look at Buckbeak, feeling uneasy as I thought about how much the battle of light versus dark bugged me… how to even describe it without saying something that shouldn’t be said.Sirius nudged my shoulder playfully, “Don’t tell me you’re going to be shy now. When I met you, you were an overconfident brat.”I should’ve been indignant… should’ve felt insulted… instead I released a much needed laugh. If I could just avoid the subject.. “That is the most insulting —”He nudged me again, “Don’t get off topic. I can tell it’s bothering you.”I sighed, feeling ambivalent about discussing my thoughts. However, the expectant look on his face spurred me on. “I suppose I am worried.”“You suppose?” he asked, raising an eyebrow challengingly.“Okay, fine, I am worried,” I said, rolling my eyes as I stared at my hands. “It’s just… my mom has always been such a kind, giving person. No matter who asked, she offered a helping hand. It seemed to be the case when she was my age, too, considering how so many people remember her from school. And yet… she was also this Dark Witch…… Did she kill people, too?”Sirius was hesitant as my question hung in the air. “Well… yes, the Predator did kill,” he sighed. “Don’t tell Dumbledore I told you this, but I’m as clueless as you on this business with Orele. How someone so considerate of everyone around her could have fallen in the trap of practicing Dark Magic…… I considered her one of us — with me, James, Remus and Peter — she even became an Animagus with us.”My gaze snapped up to his, “She was an Animagus?”His eyes widened, “You didn’t know? I thought she helped you become one.”“Well, yeah, but… she never told me that she was one.”“Curious,” he replied thoughtfully. “Sounds like there was a lot she didn’t reveal about herself.”Time to test a theory.“What would you have done.. if you had found out back then that she was the Predator?”He shook his head, looking over his shoulder at Buckbeak,I nudged his shoulder, “I’m serious, Sirius.”A chuckle bubbled through his chest as he looked at me, “I don’t doubt it. Issue is… I can’t rightly say what I would’ve done had I known. Attempt to listen and understand… or attack and chain her up?”My stomach weighed me down heavier than usual.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛On the last day of the holidays, I sat around on a bed in the boys’ room with Harry while he stood up on a chair and swept up his owl’s droppings from the top of the wardrobe. It looked like a more tedious task than I thought was even possible.I hoped for the swift return to Hogwarts so I wouldn’t have to do the same for Ebony — then the job for cleaning up owl poop would befall whoever was tasked with cleaning the owlery. As it was at Grimmauld Place, Ebony was happier outside, so I allowed for her to be gone as long as she wanted… so long as she returned before it was time to return to school.“How did you stay sane living with your aunt and uncle? Considering my family history, I feel extra lucky to have had my mom.” I rubbed the back of my neck awkwardly.While I didn’t like showing my insecurities to anybody, it seemed to be a good idea to do so with him. It felt like it would possibly slow down the process of needing to take down walls, because I was not eager to keep breaking down every time I lost control of my feelings. The greatest part about explaining it to Harry was that he understood why I wanted to know, because he nodded.“I’m not quite sure, myself.”“I mean… I guess you just have a stronger will than that thanks to your parents… stronger than my dad’s… most likely stronger than mine….”He paused at that, contemplating the possibility. “I don’t believe that,” he admitted.I scoffed, “And why not?”“Your parents’ choices aren’t what defines you… your own choices do.”I fell backwards on the bed so I was laying down, “It’s not like my choices are all that much greater than theirs. I’ve let Draco say and do all sorts of horrible things to you guys.”“True,” he agreed, bobbing his head back and forth as if to say ‘maybe, maybe not.’ “But that’s from you. Not your parents. You’ve helped us so much that it doesn’t really matter that your father is Lord Voldemort. You made your actions your own.”Yeah, but you haven’t seen every decision I’ve ever made, Harry, I thought ruefully.“Maybe… but I can’t help this feeling I’ve had since my mom died…” I glared pointlessly at my hands, clenching and unclenched them in front of me. “The feeling that my parents’ choices are going to become mine whether I want them to or not.”Harry stopped sweeping to look over his shoulder at me. He wasn’t given the chance to respond, however, as Ron walked in with three envelopes in hand.“Booklists have arrived,” he said, throwing one up to Harry and frisbeeing one to me. “About time, I thought they’d forgotten, they usually come much earlier than this…”I opened up mine as quickly as I possibly could. I had both of the usual pieces of parchment out when I heard Harry throw the bag over Ron’s head into the trash can that swallowed it, and burped the way Uncle Gerald used to do to annoy me and mom… Ugh…Anyway, there was the letter reminding us that the first day of school was the first of September — which would be the following day — and then the other one telling me the books I needed. But, why were they…?“Only two new ones,” Harry said, now seated in the chair he’d been standing on. “The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5, by Miranda Goshawk and Defensive Magical Theory, by Wilbert Slinkhard.”I was about to wonder why there were only three, but I almost forgot the boys didn’t take Ancient Runes. I have to also get Magical Hieroglyphs and Logograms. Sounds fun though.

Fred and George appeared right beside Harry. He was so used to it that he didn’t even jump.“We were just wondering who assigned the Slinkhard book,” Fred said.“Because it means Dumbledore’s found a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher,” George added.“And about time, too.”“What d’you mean?” Harry asked.I was lost as well. That Umbridge woman… “I thought Professor Dumbledore already did find somebody,” I said.Fred elaborated. “Well, we overheard Mum and Dad talking on the Extendable Ears a few weeks back, and from what they were saying, Dumbledore was having real trouble finding anyone to do the job this year.”George added his two cents. “Not surprising, is it, when you look at what’s happened to the last four?”Harry counted them off with his fingers, “One sacked, one dead, one’s memory removed, and one locked in a trunk for nine months. Yeah, I see what you mean.”So that woman knew she was going to be the new teacher before Professor Dumbledore even did. How about that? “And don’t forget,” I reminded them, “the one who did the actual teaching throughout the year had his soul sucked out of him.”Everyone shivered involuntarily.“Actually,” Harry said, “a few hours after Crouch admitted to everything, Dumbledore found out that it wasn’t actually him we’d been talking to. The real Crouch is still out there….”I forced my eyes wide in fake surprise, feeling my ninth wall crack a little with the thought of what I had done so easily. “Then who was in his place?”“His father.”Everyone shuddered again.“Someone had erased his memories, and replaced them with his son’s…”“Sounds barbaric,” George replied in dismay.I flinched, “Anyways, point proven. Bad things happen to wizards that take the Defense Against the Dark Arts position.”The silence that followed was almost reverent, as though to honor their memories.“What’s up with you, Ron?” Fred asked curiously, breaking the silence.I turned to look at an open-mouthed, speechless Ron staring at his letter from Hogwarts. What is up with him?Fred got impatient almost immediately when he didn’t receive a response. “What’s the matter?” He came up behind Ron to look over his shoulder at his letter. His mouth dropped open as well. “Prefect? Prefect?”George quickly snatched the envelope from Ron’s other hand and held it upside down. The scarlet and gold Gryffindor Prefect badge fell out into his palm. “No way,” he whispered.Fred seized the letter from Ron’s hand saying, “There’s been a mistake. No one in their right mind would make Ron a prefect….”Their heads turned in unison toward Harry, as though he were to blame. “We thought you were a cert!”“We thought Dumbledore was bound to pick you!” George said, glaring between the badge and his little brother as though Ron had stolen the opportunity from Harry.“Winning the Triwizard and everything!” Fred agreed.“I suppose all the mad stuff must’ve counted against him.”“Yeah…. Yeah, you’ve caused too much trouble, mate. Well, at least one of you’s got their priorities right.” Striding over to Harry, he clapped him on the back and gave Ron a scathing look. “Prefect… ickle Ronnie the prefect…”“Oh, Mum’s going to be revolting,” George groaned, thrusting the badge back to Ron as though it were contaminated, and he was going to be infected if he held it any longer.“You two are terrible brothers, you know that?” I said as Ron stared at it in deep shock. Harry took it from him to look at it closely.“Oh, please, you’re no different. We all know you’re a prefect —”I would have retorted, but at that moment Hermione burst in in an excited frenzy with envelope in hand. “Did you — did you get —?” She noticed the badge in Harry’s hand and let out a happy squeal. “I knew it! Me too, Harry, me too!”I could have slapped myself in the face. Everyone assumed Harry and I would be prefects… but I suppose, in all seriousness, the question is: Why didn’t we?“No,” Harry replied quickly, pushing the badge back into Ron’s hand. “It’s Ron, not me.”“It — what?”“Ron’s prefect, not me.”Hermione’s jaw dropped, “Ron? But… are you sure? I mean —” her face turned red as Ron turned to look at her defiantly.“It’s my name on the letter,” he said.Bewildered, she tried to redeem herself, “I… I… well… wow! Well done, Ron! That’s really —”“Unexpected,” George said with a nod. It was true, we all knew that’s what she was saying in her head.She blushed harder, “No, no it’s not… Ron’s done loads of… he’s really…”I shook my head in amusement. It was entertaining for Hermione to completely embarrass herself.Mrs. Weasley backed into the room, opening the door wider than Hermione had left it, carrying a pile of freshly laundered robes. She glanced at everyone’s envelopes, “Ginny said the book lists had come at last.” She then made her way over to the bed and started sorting the clothes into two piles. “If you give them to me I’ll take them over to Diagon Alley this afternoon and get your books while you’re packing. Ron, I’ll have to get you more pajamas, these are at least six inches too short, I can’t believe how fast you’re growing… what color would you like?”“Get him red and gold to match his badge,” George said with a smirk.“Match his what?” Mrs. Weasley asked absent-mindedly, rolling up a pair of maroon socks and placing them on the pile for Ron.“His badge,” Fred said, as though he had to get it over with. “His lovely shiny new prefect’s badge.”Mrs. Weasley was silent for a few moments, the big news having not penetrated her fixation on the pajama dilemma. Once it clicked though… “His… but… Ron, you’re not…?” Ron held his badge up and she gave a shriek most similar to Hermione’s. “I don’t believe it! I don’t believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! That’s everyone in the family!”I choked back my laughter as George looked at her indignantly. “What are Fred and I, next-door neighbors?”Mrs. Weasley merely pushed him aside to pull Ron into a big hug. “Wait until your father hears! Ron, I’m so proud of you, what wonderful news, you could end up Head Boy just like Bill and Percy, it’s the first step! Oh, what a thing to happen in the middle of all this worry, I’m just thrilled, oh Ronnie —”Fred and George made loud retching noises behind her back, and I punched them both in the arm for it. She was too busy kissing Ron’s face, making it turn red in embarrassment, to notice the twins.“Mum… don’t…. Mum, get a grip….” he said, trying to push free.She pulled away and breathlessly asked, “Well, what will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but you’ve already got one, of course.”“W-what do you mean?” Ron asked in near disbelief.“You’ve got to have a reward for this!” she said fondly. “How about a nice new set of dress robes?”“We’ve already bought him some,” Fred said sourly.“Or a new cauldron, Charlie’s old one’s rusting through, or a new rat, you always liked Scabbers —”Ron had a hopeful look on his face as he asked, “Mum, can I have a new broom?”Her face fell slightly at that.He elaborated quickly, “Not a really good one! Just — just a new one for a change…”She hesitated, but then she smiled. “Of course you can…. Well, I’d better get going if I’ve got a broom to buy too. I’ll see you all later…. Little Ronnie, a prefect! And don’t forget to pack your trunks…. A prefect… Oh, I’m all of a dither!” She gave Ron another kiss on the cheek, sniffled loudly, and then bustled from the room.Fred and George exchanged looks.Fred spoke first in a very false, anxious voice. “You don’t mind if we don’t kiss you, do you, Ron?”“We could curtsy, if you like,” George added.“Oh, shut up,” Ron said with a scowl.“Or what?” Fred said with an evil grin on his face. “Going to put us in detention?”“I’d love to see him try,” George sniggered.“He could if you don’t watch out!” Hermione said angrily.Fred and George burst into laughter.Ron muttered, “Drop it, Hermione.” I highly doubted he was going to be as high strung in his duties as prefect like Hermione would.. or like Percy did.“We’re going to have to watch our step, George,” Fred said, pretending to shake in fear, “with these three on our case….”“Yeah,” George shook his head, “it looks like our law-breaking days are finally over.”“Whoa, now,” I said quickly before they could disappear. “‘These three?’ I’m not a part of this!”“You may not be in Gryffindor tower with us, but you’re still —”“I’m not a prefect, you dummies,” I snapped.Everyone’s mouths dropped open, “What?”I raised an eyebrow, Why is it so surprising that Harry and I haven’t been chosen as prefects? The way this year has been going — considering what has happened — it’s going to seem like we got it either out of pity or favoritism. And besides, why would I want it when I’ve got enough to worry about? “I’m not a prefect. Same as Harry.”The twins grinned from ear to ear.“Does this mean you can get into trouble with us this year?” George asked.I snorted, but then I shrugged, “Might as well.”“All right! Now… let’s leave ickle Ronnie and his sidekick, Hermione,” Fred said while the both of them grabbed my arms and Disapparated before Hermione could get them.We appeared in their room, and they started dancing as I attempted to compose myself.“We’ve got Melody! We’ve got Melody!” they chanted.I shook my head, allowing a smile to show on my face, “You may just be the goofiest people I have ever met.”Fred bowed and, taking his wand from behind him, conjured up a bouquet of flowers. “Now we have you and Becky on our side.”“A nice team, for sure,” I said, slightly humored. “But I’m not dating you.”“Why not? We could be the incredible foursome!”“For one, do you two ever do anything separately?”“No,” they simply said.“So…” I looked at Fred, “George never gets any alone time with Becky? You’ve never had any alone time with Angelina? It’s like you’re glued to each other, no wonder she hasn’t been —”“Before we do that,” he said, “what happened to you and Draco?”My heart gave a pang — my ninth wall almost broke down — and so I quickly walked out of the room before they could stop me.

I heard Mrs. Weasley return at around six o’clock, and by then I had finished packing all my things into my trunk. I looked around at the suddenly empty room with a smile, betting that the boys were having a more difficult job locating their items. I wasn’t quite sure how all their stuff got strewn around the house, but it could’ve just been the fact that boys are boys.I had nearly left the room when I heard a tap tap on my window. I turned to see two owls, one brown and one tan, seemingly competing to get in before the other one. Wow, I thought ironically, if these happen to be Becky and Draco’s family owls, then they’re exactly like their young owners. Always trying to beat each other. I opened the window and they both sped in, landing on top of the dresser. They both chirped as though saying to ‘pick me first!’I took both of the letters at the same time, to the amusing disappointment of the owls, and opened them. The brown owl was Becky’s family owl, Marmaduke, and the tan one was Lucius’ special owl that he liked to let Draco use to contact me. How do owls find us so easily…? Always something interesting to keep me on my feet in this world.In looking at them both I was amazed to see the exact same kind of message from the both of them:

Hey Melody,                                                                                                            Hi Melody!!!!!!Guess what? I just got my letter,                                                                              I don’t believe my eyes,and I made prefect! I’m                                                                                           because it can’t be right.going to send a letter soon to                                                                                 My letter says that IBecky to rub it in her face                                                                                       made prefect… but thatbecause I know you made it, too.                                                                            means you didn’t get it.See you in the prefect’s                                                                                           Hope it’s not disappointing,carriage on September first!                                                                                    but I know it’s difficultDraco                                                                                                                      enough after what’s happened.                                                                                                                               Please send me a letter back, I feel bad!                                                                                                                                Love,                                                                                                                                       Becky

I almost couldn’t believe it. “Oh, my lord,” I muttered, unsure about whether I should be happy or upset. As right as Becky is to say that my year will be difficult enough without being a prefect, it almost seems as though I wasn’t picked for it not only because of who I’m related to but what I have done. Even if Professor Dumbledore understands why I did all of it, it’s still horrible enough to dock whatever good reputation I had with him.A crack sounded, and I heard the twins say, “Dinner’s ready.”I jumped out of their reach before they could grab me, but my attention continued to stay on the letters I was just sent. “Hey, George, did Becky send you a letter yet?”“No… why, is something wrong?” He asked this with a sense of urgency.Ah, love, something I — as the Dark Lord’s daughter — may never know. “Well, you might consider it to be something wrong.”“Don’t keep us in the dark, what’d she tell you?” Fred said nervously.Marmaduke twittered excitedly and turned around to reveal a letter tied to his back. It was addressed to George, who quickly untied it and opened it up. He read it carefully, only for his mouth to drop a second later. “Becky… is a prefect?!”“What?” Fred asked, snatching it from him. George didn’t even care that he did, he just stood there in shock. “Well,” he said, patting his twin brother on the back, “now may be the time to rethink about dating her, George.”“Oh, don’t,” I snapped at them. “It’s still Becky. If I know her, then I know she’ll easily give you two some leniency. Now, leave while I send her and Draco letters back explaining to one that the other got it, too.”“You mean… Malfoy got prefect, too?” Fred asked.“Do you need some support? We can comfort each other in this time of great misfortune,” George said, holding out his arms.I laughed. But inside I felt a bit hollow. Seems like this year is going to be against Harry and I in even worse matters than I first thought, and it’s not just because we didn’t get prefect. That doesn’t matter. It’s the deeper meaning behind not getting it that worries me.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I finally got to walk downstairs, after insisting to the twins that one more Disapparition and I would end up in a coma for weeks. I really will, though, I thought to myself. I was sick of waiting a few minutes before eating with the worry that I might throw up anything I swallowed.I’d had to write quick letters to Becky and Draco explaining the situation… and making sure that Becky knew I wasn’t too upset about it. I congratulated the both of them, but I knew they would be highly upset at having to be partners.In the basement dining room, a scarlet banner had been hung over the table — no doubt by Mrs. Weasley — which read: Congratulations Ron and Hermione — New Prefects. She looked like she was in a better mood, too.Ron was sitting there goggling over his brand new broomstick, but also listening as Mrs. Weasley gave him some news that I overheard just as I was walking into the room.“Your father and Bill are on their way, Ron, I’ve sent them both owls and they’re thrilled.”Fred rolled his eyes. I punched him lightly, and he faked a sad face.Sirius, Remus, Tonks and Kingsley Shacklebolt were already there, and Mad-Eye Moody stumped in shortly after everyone had gotten situated with their drinks.“Oh, Alastor, I am glad you’re here,” Mrs. Weasley declared brightly while the man shrugged off his cloak. “We’ve been wanting to ask you for ages — could you have a look at the writing desk in the drawing room and tell us what’s inside it? We haven’t wanted to open it just in case it’s something really nasty.”“No problem, Molly…” he said, his magical eye swiveling upward to look through to where the writing desk was standing just above us. “Drawing room…” he growled. “Desk in the corner? Yeah, I see it…. Yeah, it’s a boggart…. Want me to go up and get rid of it, Molly?”“No, no, I’ll do it myself later. You have your drink. We’re having a little bit of a celebration, actually….” She gestured toward the scarlet banner. “Fourth prefect in the family!” She ruffled Ron’s hair fondly.“Prefect, eh?” he growled, his normal eye focusing on one while the other whizzed to the side of his head. I looked over at Harry, realizing the eye’s intent, and Harry seemed to feel the eye staring at him as he moved away toward Remus and Sirius. “Well, congratulations, authority figures always attract trouble, but I suppose Dumbledore thinks you can withstand most major jinxes or he wouldn’t have appointed you….”Ron looked rather startled, but his father and eldest brother walked in before he could find the words to respond with. The funny part was that Mrs. Weasley was in such a good mood that she didn’t even mind that they had brought Mundungus with them.“Well, I think a toast is in order,” Mrs. Weasley said proudly, once everybody had a drink. I had grabbed some water, but no one noticed since they were expecting me to abide by butterbeer or pumpkin juice for the toast. Not tonight. “To Ron and Hermione, the new Gryffindor prefects!”Ron and Hermione both beamed as everyone drank and applauded them.“I was never a prefect myself,” Tonks said brightly as everyone went to the table to help themselves to dinner. Her hair had been a waist-length tomato-red, making her look as if she were a part of the Weasley family. “My Head of House said I lacked certain necessary qualities.”“Like what?” Ginny asked, placing a baked potato on her plate.“Like the ability to behave myself.”Ginny laughed. Hermione took a sip of butterbeer and choked on it. Thumping Hermione helpfully on the back, Ginny asked, “What about you, Sirius?”It was Sirius’ turn to laugh. “No one would have made me a prefect, I spent too much time in detention with James. Lupin was the good boy, he got the badge.”“I think Dumbledore might have hoped that I would be able to exercise some control over my best friends,” Remus said. “I need scarcely say that I failed dismally.”I chuckled and walked over to Fred and George, who were talking with Mundungus. “Is he really a trustworthy person to be buying from?”“What?” Fred asked defensively. “Nothing shady here, honest. We’re in desperate need, and he’s the only one who was able to get his hands on these.” He showed me some shriveled black balls in his hands, a faint rattling noise emitting from them. “They’re —”“Venomous Tentacula seeds…” I mumbled.“Oh, right, forgot you were so knowledgeable,” Fred chuckled lightly, handing them over to George to take a closer look.“How did you get those?” I asked Mundungus.“A good businessman never reveals his secrets!”“Well, good thing you’re not a good one so tell me,” I replied.At Mundungus’ indignant look, Fred and George laughed heartily. “Come on, Melody,” George said, “we’re trying to do business with him. Don’t insult him before we’re done buying, it’s rude.”“So can I insult him after?”Before Mundungus could retort, Fred asked him, “So, Dung, how does ten Galleons sound for the whole lot?”Mundungus began to speak, but stopped short as he stared behind us. We turned to see that Harry had come over to listen in.Fred winked and beckoned Harry closer as he told Mundungus, “It’s okay, we can trust Harry, he’s our financial backer.”“And what am I,” I asked curiously. “An assistant manager?”“Well, sure! Becky’s got the attitude to be our lovely cashier, and you can do our finances and business discussions.”“Great… being in charge of money and business decisions… it’s what I’ve always wanted….” I replied sarcastically.George ignored me and showed Harry the seeds, “Look what Dung’s got us. Venomous Tentacula seeds. We need them for the Skiving Snackboxes but they’re a Class C Non-Tradeable Substance so we’ve been having a bit of trouble getting hold of them.”“Ten Galleons the lot, then, Dung?” Fred asked again.“Wiv all the trouble I went to to get ‘em?” Mundungus asked with wide eyes. “I’m sorry, lads, but I’m not taking a Knut under twenty.”“I told you he’s a crook,” I said, gesturing unceremoniously at him. “Why would you do business with him?”“That’s why when everything is all set up, you’ll handle the business deals…. Anyways, Dung likes his little joke,” Fred told us.“Yeah, his best one so far has been six Sickles for a bag of knarl quills,” George grinned.“Be careful,” Harry warned them softly.“What? Mum’s busy cooing over Prefect Ron, we’re okay.” Fred quickly dismissed.“But Moody could have his eye on you.”At that, Mundungus looked nervously over his shoulder at Alastor. “Good point, that,” he grumbled. “All right, lads, ten it is, if you’ll take ‘em quick.”Fred was delighted as Mundungus emptied his pockets, took the money, and scuttled off toward the food. “Cheers, Harry!”“Congratulations,” I said. “You had someone help you hustle the hustler.”He gave a small “Psh!” and looked at their new inventory crowding even their large hands. “We’d better get these upstairs….” They walked away with quickness.“Oh, now you walk,” I said. “Don’t you want to Disapparate?”“Shut up, Melody!”I chuckled and then looked over at Harry. Something was troubling him. “What’s the matter?”“Hm?” he’d been lost in thought. “Oh, nothing.”“Come on, even I’ve made that look.”He bit his lip, “What if me giving them the winnings from the Triwizard Tournament only causes another row with the family like with Percy?”“Oh no….” I said quickly. “No, I think you did the best thing for Fred and George’s interests. It’s not going to cause a problem with the family, especially if their business becomes successful. Which I’m pretty sure it will…. You made a wonderful choice to help their future. If they let their mom find out, she’s going to love you even more for it.”He gave a small smile, “I hope you’re right.”“They’re using the money for their future, something they would have had a lot more trouble doing without your help. Mrs. Weasley is sweet, but if she even thought that they had no plan or ability to do this she would shut them down and try to get them respectable, easy jobs to start out with. At least with this money, they have something to look forward to after they finish school this year. Heck, they don’t even need to graduate the way their plans are going.”He laughed, “Yeah.”Then we were silent, and in that silence we overheard Harry’s name being mentioned by Kingsley Shacklebolt in a conversation with Remus.“... why Dumbledore didn’t make Potter a prefect?”“He’ll have had his reasons,” Remus replied.“But it would’ve shown confidence in him. It’s what I’d’ve done, ‘specially with the Daily Prophet having a go at him every few days…. He and Riddle are continuously placed as the bad news of the day. I’m almost surprised they haven’t received any hate mail yet.”

Oh, that’s right… the papers had written about my mom’s past as the Predator… I suppose there would be something in there about her having a daughter going to Hogwarts school. What would the public think about that?... I should really start ordering the paper for myself.

“Dumbledore is making sure to block any mail from making its way to them,” Remus replied, dropping his voice a little lower.I sidled up closer to them, hiding in the shadows as Harry wandered away.“Harry’s got some bad ones, that’s certain, everyone has lost their golden image of the Boy Who Lived. But, Melody’s situation has been worse, he tells me… she had letters coming in telling her that she’s bewitched Harry into believing Lord Voldemort’s coming back, and there are some saying she is the spawn of the devil and should kill herself. As much as these two have gone through, we can’t let them see any of these.“Placed in positions of authority, I think, would give them more difficulty than they need. From my perspective, it seems that Harry is already Dumbledore’s favorite, so being prefect would make it seem like Harry is getting special treatment. For Melody… it might be considered plain stupidity while the wizarding world views her as a mini-Voldemort close to hatching from its shell.”That was when I’d heard enough. I quietly walked away and, avoiding collisions with unsuspecting people, left the dining room to make my way to my room unnoticed. I don’t need people to shelter me from the world’s painful words… and possible curses, if what happened to Hermione last year was any indication… and Professor Dumbledore was supposed to be the one who understood that fact most of all. Oh well… only Severus is….My heart gave a near heart-tearing scream. The ninth wall threatened to break completely, so I sat down in an upstairs hallway to regain some strength and keep it from falling down. I was not ready to let it down just yet. I need to keep this wall for a little while longer, please…I heard crying. But it wasn’t coming from me. I touched my hand to my face, but I felt no tears. Curious, I stood up and followed the sound of the sobbing. It was coming from the drawing room… and I was not the first one to notice it. Harry was standing in the doorway watching with a horrified look on his face while all I was hearing sounded like Mrs. Weasley saying the incantation for ridiculing a boggart over and over again.When I sidled up behind Harry, I saw her boggart change from a dead Percy to a dead Harry.“Mrs. Weasley, just get out of here!” the real Harry shouted to her. “Let someone else —”Remus ran into the room, followed by Sirius and Mad-Eye, asking, “What’s going on?” One look between Mrs. Weasley and the dead Harry on the ground, and he instantly pulled out his wand on the boggart saying clearly and firmly, “Riddikulus!”Harry’s body disappeared, hovering above where he once lay was a silvery orb. The moon. He waved his wand once more, and the orb vanished in a puff of smoke.“Oh — oh — oh!” Mrs. Weasley fell into a storm of tears, her face buried into her hands.Remus walked over to her, “Molly, Molly, don’t…”Within a second, she was sobbing her heart out into Remus’ shoulder.“Molly, it was just a boggart,” he said soothingly, patting her on the head kindly. “Just a stupid boggart…”“I see them d-d-dead all the time! All the t-t-time! I d-d-dream about it…” she moaned into his shoulder.

Poor Mrs. Weasley… Harry and Percy must not have been the only ones she saw dead. It must have all of her kids, and even her husband that the boggart was showing her. Harry she considers as another addition to the family, so of course she’ll worry about his death during times like these.

“D-d-don’t tell Arthur,” she gasped, wiping her eyes quickly on her sleeve cuffs. “I d-d-don’t want him to know…. Being silly…”Remus handed her a handkerchief, and she blew her nose.I backed up into the hallway, thinking that since no one noticed me so far it would be best to leave. But their talking continued, and my curiosity got the better of me once more as I bent to the floor under the shadows of the walls in an attempt to disappear.Mrs. Weasley said shakily, “Harry, I’m so sorry, what must you think of me? Not even able to get rid of a boggart…”“Don’t be stupid,” Harry said, giving her a half-hearted smile.Her tears began again. “I’m just s-s-so worried. Half the f-f-family’s in the Order, it’ll b-b-be a miracle if we all come through this…. and P-P-Percy’s not talking to us…. What if something d-d-dreadful happens and we had never m-m-made up? And what’s going to happen if Arthur and I get killed, who’s g-g-going to look after Ron and Ginny?”“Molly, that’s enough,” Remus said sternly. “This isn’t like last time. The Order is better prepared, we’ve got a head start, we know what Voldemort’s up to —”Mrs. Weasley gave a squeak of fright. When are people going to stop being afraid of his name? It’s not like he’s going to appear if you say it….Even Remus was slightly irritated by this. “Oh, Molly, come on, it’s about time you got used to hearing it — look, I can’t promise no one’s going to get hurt, nobody can promise that, but we’re much better off than we were last time. You weren’t in the Order then, you don’t understand, last time we were outnumbered twenty to one by the Death Eaters and they were picking us off one by one….”

So, then what did dad mean by saying that it was mom’s fault everything went awry? Was it some time before he went to kill Harry’s parents that things were beginning to pick up for the Order? Or was he saying that because mom had no followers… that when she’d disappeared there was no one to keep his operation going in order to keep his Death Eaters from hiding or going into Azkaban? That’s an interesting phenomena.

“Don’t worry about Percy,” Sirius said suddenly. “He’ll come round. It’s a matter of time before Voldemort moves into the open; once he does, the whole Ministry’s going to be begging us to forgive them. And I’m not sure I’ll be accepting their apology.”

That last part sounded really bitter. But, I can’t blame him. I’d be mad, too, if the Ministry believed I would send my best friends to their dooms and then put me in Azkaban for twelve years.

Remus gave a goofy response. “And as for who’s going to look after Ron and Ginny if you and Arthur died, what do you think we’d do, let them starve?”Mrs. Weasley smiled back, but continued to tremble. “Being silly,” she muttered again.Under the cover of the shadows, I returned to my room with a heavy sigh of relief. I might not get the chance to sleep tonight, as usual, but there is the possibility of getting to see my friends tomorrow before they have to go to the prefect section together. Then, perhaps, I can just go sit with Lissy and Trixy. Yeah, I thought with a smile, that’ll call for a nice change in pace after what’s been going on this summer.

“No, I can carry my own luggage — no — Fred!” I screeched.Fred and George had their suitcases bewitched, and insisted on doing the same for mine. Before I could do anything, besides keep tight hold on Bodoujn and Ebony’s cages, Fred had my bag next to his and all three of our suitcases went hurtling down the stairs.“Why are our suitcases moving so fast?” I asked them nervously. I looked at the bottom of the stairs where they were going, and saw Ginny just reaching the bottom of the staircase with her own luggage. “Ginny, look out!” I called out.Too late. She turned around to look, and the load of luggage barreled her to the ground.“You idiots!” I yelled at the top of my lungs, placing my pet cages on the ground before running down the stairs to pull the luggage off of Ginny. They followed me and helped out.Mrs. Black’s portrait began her usual screeching, so when Mrs. Weasley came to investigate and saw us pulling Ginny to her feet. She forgot all about covering up Mrs. Black, and instead gathered from her own intuition what had happened with Ginny and our trunks.Within minutes, we were all plugging our ears up as Mrs. Weasley and Mrs. Black both screamed at the top of their lungs.“— could have done her a serious injury, you idiots —”“— filthy half-breeds, besmirching the house of my fathers —”In the end, it was me that closed the curtains out of mere irritation. “Too much screaming,” I muttered to myself, the twins watching me nervously as if I were going nuts. “The only time I had to deal with it, it was with mom and Gerald annoying each other — and that was funny.”Hermione poked her head out of our room only to see Mrs. Weasley disappearing somewhere with Ginny to tend to some of the bruises she was acquiring by the minute from the luggages’ hit.“She’ll be okay,” I told her. I pointed to the twins, “I don’t know about these two, though. Someone needs to take their magic away from them.”She nodded with utmost seriousness before returning to the room.

“We hadn’t meant to do that,” Fred said with an awkward shrug.“Didn’t mean to? Everyone’s been telling you all summer not to use your magic so much. Is it really all that hard to just do things yourselves?”“Yes,” they both replied.“You two are a lost cause,” I said, throwing my hands up in the air dramatically.Soon, Mrs. Weasley had finished patching Ginny up and was calling up the stairs, “Will you lot get down here now, please!”Mrs. Black had begun screaming again while I saw Hermione and Harry bolting down the stairs with their baggage and their pets. Harry’s owl, Hedwig, looked all flustered so it was clear he’d just stuffed her into her cage. Which was why I had made sure I gave myself enough time to do things, and put Bodoujn and Ebony gently in their cages before leaving my room with my stuff. Otherwise I’d have to deal with Ebony later, and she was never very good at forgiving.Nobody bothered to close Mrs. Black’s curtain again, since there was too much noise in the hallway anyway to stress over it. While she screamed, “Mudbloods! Scum! Creatures of dirt!” Mrs. Weasley shouted, “Harry, you’re to come with me and Tonks! Leave your trunk and your owl, Alastor’s going to deal with the luggage…. Oh, for heaven’s sake, Sirius, Dumbledore said no!”Sirius, in his Animagus form as a black dog, had appeared beside Harry as Harry had nearly tripped over all the trunks cluttering the hallway to get to Mrs. Weasley.“Oh, honestly… well, on your own head be it!” Mrs. Weasley gave up trying to scold him and opened the front door. The three of them walked out. All I could assume was that Tonks was outside waiting for them.About a minute later, Mad-Eye showed up with a cart wearing a porter’s cap and had all the trunks placed on it before he made his way out the door.“All right,” Mr. Weasley called out soon after he left. “Ron, Hermione, Melody, you three are coming with me!”We quickly followed him out the door.It took around twenty minutes to walk to King’s Cross Station, to my utmost surprise. I hadn’t realized Sirius lived so close to it, and that was for most of his young life.When we walked into the station, we were close behind Mad-Eye as we saw him walk over to the platform between nine and ten and disappear. We followed his path to the wall and took turns leaning against it to get to Platform nine and three quarters where Harry, Tonks and Mrs. Weasley were helping Mad-Eye unload the trunks off of the cart. We were nearly done by the time that Fred, George, Ginny and Remus arrived.“No trouble?” Mad-Eye asked Remus.“Nothing,” he replied.“I’ll still be reporting Sturgis to Dumbledore. That’s the second time he’s not turned up in a week. Getting as unreliable as Mundungus.”We were supposed to have another member of the Order with us today? But what would he do? It seems like everybody had everything under control without him. Ah well…“Well, look after yourselves,” Remus said, going around to shake everyone’s hands. When he got to Harry, he clapped him on the shoulder, “You too, Harry. Be careful.”While Mad-Eye also put in a word of encouragement for Harry, Remus gave me a quick hug and then held me at arm’s length to look me in the eye, “Be strong. Think you can do that for me?”I nodded wordlessly.“And don’t forget, all of you —” Mad-Eye added in a low voice to everyone in the group, “careful what you put in writing. If in doubt, don’t put it in a letter at all.”There’s no one I can dare send letters to anymore, anyway… I thought, the pit in my stomach deepening. As happy as I am to go back to Hogwarts, I’m worried about what is going to happen.“It’s been great meeting all of you,” Tonks said, hugging Hermione and Ginny. “We’ll see you soon, I expect.”The warning whistle sounded for the train, causing everyone to grab their luggage and hurry to get on. Mrs. Weasley gave goodbye hugs to everyone… except me… as we ran, giving her farewells to them. I hopped on and looked at the compartments around me. Where would I sit? Draco and Becky should be in the prefect’s carriage by now, so I can’t sit with them. I can’t sit with Harry, because that would cause a lot of commotion as well….I walked down the hallway, and my suspicions were confirmed. Doors were locked as I passed by, people tried to look down at their feet as if I couldn’t see them. I sighed, I don’t care what they think. I just hope I can find a compartment.A hand tapped my shoulder, and I felt like I heard everyone give slight gasps through their compartment doors. I turned around, ready to defend myself if need be, when all I saw was Seraphina’s disguise as Anastasia.“Oh God, it’s good to see you,” I said, a bit relieved.She quickly hugged me, and whispered, “I made sure to save a compartment. Your little — er — bodyguards are in there now waiting.”“Vincent and Greg?” I asked, also in a whisper, as she let go and led the way. “How’d you know they know me?”“Young Malfoy had a hard time shaking them off of him on his way to the prefect’s carriage and, judging by how he’s your — erm — friend, I made a little guess about them.… Did you hear about him being prefect?” She was still whispering… it made me feel like I had to follow along with it, although I wasn’t particularly sure why.“Yeah, he and Becky are the prefects this year. They sent me letters yesterday. Draco had assumed that I was his co-prefect.”“I can see why, judging by how well you’ve done in previous years according to Snape.”“What, he actually praised the work I’ve done outright?”“He cares about you, of course he’s praised your work. It’s people he doesn’t like that you should be surprised about him praising.”“True… except that he and I rectified our first fight only to get smack in the middle of another one.”“That one may have been my fault. I do irritate him to that point. I’m so sorry, dearie.”I stared at the back of her head. She’s sorry for it?... I don’t know if it’s specifically her fault, but still…. She was willing to apologize to me for that? And mean it, too? Dad won’t even apologize… for anything. “Um — no, no.. you have nothing to be sorry about. It’s fine, it’ll fix itself.” Stop showing her your feelings, damn it! She’s not supposed to know you have them, you dolt! You have Lord Voldemort as a father, control yourself!I stopped suddenly when I came up to a compartment with young second year Slytherin students, including Lissy and Trixy. I had been hoping to be able to sit with Lissy, but she was so preoccupied talking to friends her age with such excitement about whatever topic that I didn’t want to bother her. I suppose it was only general knowledge among me and my closest friends — and Becky’s little sister, Trixy — that my mom had adopted her last year. The last best Christmas present for the two of us.Seraphina made a small sound at the back of her throat that sounded oddly like a “Huh.”“What was that?” I asked softly, surprised that I had forgotten she was there.“Nothing. Here we are,” she opened the compartment three doors down where, when I followed, I saw Vincent and Greg waiting.They both hopped up and stood stiffly as though at attention. Never did that for Draco.“Don’t do that,” I said irritatedly. “I’m still just Melody.”They both blushed and looked at each other in embarrassment before sitting down.Seraphina took a seat across from Greg, by the window. I looked above her to see an emerald green suitcase I assumed to be hers. I had my wand, but I didn’t feel much like using it just to put my luggage on the top so I placed my pet cages next to Seraphina and tried to pick up my suitcase. It was too heavy.“Here,” Greg bent down and picked it up for me, placing it next to Seraphina’s bag.“Thanks,” I said softly.“No problem… you really are still Melody… I’m glad….” he said it awkwardly, like he wanted to say something more to make me feel better but wasn’t sure how to say it.I smiled, but inside my mind I held my wall together tightly. I wanted to hug him, but then it would be nearly impossible to keep myself together. I’d had to pull away from Severus real quickly when he hugged me the last time so that I could keep the rest of my walls up. I wasn’t about to lose more than just that one. “That means a lot to me.”He smiled, too, and then sat down and looked at Seraphina. “So she really doesn’t know any English?”Ohh, that’s why she was whispering to me. Her character supposedly can’t speak fluent English… Yeah, I guess she wants only Draco, Becky and me to know, because it’s hard to trust Greg and Vincent not to open their mouths by accident. It’s why they stick around Draco half the time so they don’t have to say too much.“No,” I clarified, taking my seat as well, “she only knows the basics like ‘hi,’ ‘how are you,’ ‘nice to meet you,’ ‘my name is Anastasia,’ and ‘I’m sorry for your loss.’”Seraphina gave a big smile and nodded as though she were happy to show what English words and sentences she knew. I had to bite my tongue to keep from laughing.“She’s Italian,” I finished.“And she’s your cousin?”“Yeah, third or fourth from my mom’s side. She’s doing a school project, so she’s here for the year. I would have switched with her, but since the Ministry has decided to keep me under close investigation this year, I have to stay. It’s probably for the best anyway, since dad still needs another pair of eyes inside the school.”“Right, it makes sense,” he nodded.I looked at Vincent, who wasn’t saying anything. “Something bothering you..?”His cheeks flushed and he looked down at his hands, “It’s nothing.”“Vincent… you’re my friend —”“It’s hard to see you that way anymore…!” he blurted. “I’ve been taught for so long to bow down to the Dark Lord, and… now that you’re his daughter, that changes everything.”I hadn’t expected that from him, but it made sense. I had been worried it would happen with at least one of my friends.“Come on —” Greg started to say in protest.“Let it go,” I said firmly.“But —”“There’s nothing we can do about it. He feels that way, let him be. I’ve got enough to worry about without trying to fix a friendship that has been broken because of something I have no control over.”Vincent looked wounded, but said nothing. Greg only glared at him pointedly.Ah, I thought sadly, at least that’s the worst that has happened with my friends. I’m sure worse will come along the way when Harry, Hermione and the Weasleys find out about my involvement with my dad. That’s what I’m hoping won’t come any time soon.. or, at best, never comes.“Is it true?” a voice asked at the compartment door.I looked up, hiding my surprise. I hadn’t even heard the door open, let alone expected a visit from Pansy, Millicent and Blaise. Pansy was the one who’d asked the question.“What?” I asked. “I kind of have no clue about what’s going on in the papers, so could you enlighten me as to what you’re asking?”“That you're the daughter of the two most ruthless Dark Wizards of all time… it's no wonder you're such a powerful witch!”Pansy sounded and just looked so awestruck.Blaise… while he may have considered me with some respect last year, especially after taking me to the Yule ball, he seemed to look at me in a whole new light at that moment. He studied me as if he were trying to look at what else lay underneath me.Millicent just acted like Vincent. Distant, and yet reverent. But, then again, she didn’t matter to me so much for someone who didn’t spend a whole lot of time with me. I had spent more time with Pansy than her the previous year, since I gave her some private defense lessons… well, what started off as private before turning into a full on class in the common room. I was especially more used to Pansy since I used to watch her publicly fawn over Draco….I had to mentally shake myself as my anger suddenly built up. What is wrong with me? “Ah, yes, that news does travel fast, doesn’t it?”“Yeah,” she said, eagerly sitting next to me so she could continue in a near whisper. “How does it feel?”Blaise sat down next to Greg so he could listen in. Millicent continued to stand in the doorway looking awkward.I stared at her in surprise. “Pansy… that is not something I can just describe off the bat….” For a moment, though, I was kind of relieved that she didn’t know about my involvement in my dad’s plans. As far as most Slytherin students knew, my dad was dead, because not all of them had parents who were Death Eaters. And that included Pansy, Millicent, and Blaise…. “Everyone is scared of me… it’s different….”“Different enough to make you the Slytherin House ruffian — since you’re not a prefect as most people expected,” Blaise said.I snorted with laughter. “You — you mean a bully, huh?”“In a manner of speaking. We’ll be right by your side,” he gestured to everyone around me.“Who my parents were doesn’t make a damn difference. If I don’t like people, I’m not talking to them or bothering with them worth a dime. Besides, being a bully is not going to do me too well this year when I’ve got people watching me.”“Oh, yeah, you would have people watching you wouldn’t you?” Pansy replied. “They would want to be on their guard.”I could have rolled my eyes at the way these two were talking to me. If they had Death Eaters for parents and knew what I had done to help dad, they probably wouldn’t be so eager to sit next to me and talk as though they were my bestest friends in the world. Or they would probably be something like Greg — still acknowledging me as a friend but being slightly more wary about what they say to me.“Who’s that?” Blaise asked curiously, pointing to Seraphina who had a thoughtful look on her face as she stared out the window.What is she thinking about? I wondered as I answered him, “That’s my cousin, Anastasia. She’s coming to Hogwarts this year to better her English, and see the differences between her school and Hogwarts. She mainly speaks Italian.”“What an awkward time for her to come,” Pansy said softly, as though if she talked any louder ‘Anastasia’ would suddenly understand what she was saying. I wasn’t sure Seraphina was even paying attention.“I know, but she’s in her last year of school and she’d set it up with my mom before she died that she could come to Hogwarts for a sort of senior project she has.”“There was a picture of your mom in the paper.. Anastasia kind of looks like her…”“Well, it was her side of the family. She’s a very distant cousin, the daughter of my — um… my grandma’s sister. Mom looks like grandma, so I guess the girls all share the same faces.”“Except you…”“No…” I said with a sudden realization once more. “That’s true, I apparently look like my… my dad more than anything. The only thing I share with my mom’s side of the family is grandpa’s eyes.” And light skin. I almost forgot that. If it weren’t for mom being a part of the Ollivander family, I would have had dark brown eyes and pale skin too. I shivered at the thought.“Are you all right?” Blaise asked anxiously.“Spiffy.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛An hour had passed by as the train made its way to Hogwarts. Pansy, Millicent, and Blaise had left to their own compartment after the food trolley had passed by and they bought some sweets. I wasn’t quite in the mood but, since I wasn’t sure how things went in the prefect’s carriage, I bought some pumpkin pasties and chocolate frogs for Becky and Draco. Seraphina whispered that she wanted some Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum, so I got some of those and handed them to her.The pleased look she gave made her look like mom did whenever I did something that made her proud. I almost choked up at the memory, but luckily that was when Becky and Draco burst in with their usual bickering, distracting me from the inner demons of my thoughts.“It’s not funny at all that he’s the Gryffindor prefect. It just means that Professor Dumbledore believes he can be trusted in a position of authority. Now you — ho ho ho — you as a prefect is the most laughable thing I have ever seen. Snape was probably behind Dumbledore believing you could be one.”“Oh, yeah, my bad for being a good student —”“Pff —” Becky snorted with laughter. “You? A good student? That’s a laugh!”“Shut up! You weren’t even supposed to be a prefect in the first place!”“I know, and either way it goes I still know how to make your life miserable —”“You —”“Candy, anyone?” I asked, holding up the chocolate frogs and pumpkin pasties.Draco instantly forgot the conversation and descended upon some of each candy. It seemed as though he started to sit next to me, but hesitated and switched to sit next to Greg. I tried not to feel disappointment as Becky sat next to me instead.“Pig,” she muttered, looking at Draco with disgust.“You stopped, too. You know you’re just as hungry —”She ignored Draco completely. “Melody, you know I don’t eat sweets on the train,” she said to me seriously.“Come on, you’re a prefect!” I said. “Today’s a new day. You can do something different. Right?”She seemed to be debating it. “Ah, I don’t know…”“You know you want to. You don’t have to eat too much, but come on you’ve been starving yourself for the past four years. At least eat a little bit before the feast tonight.”With a shrug, Becky took a pumpkin pasty.Draco stood up, the wrappers falling to the floor, and Vincent and Greg followed suit as per usual.“See? Pig. All that candy gone within the minute,” Becky said with a shake of her head.“You took a longer time than you think to decide if you wanted a snack or not,” Draco retorted.“Right, around two minutes was it…? Besides, if you’re planning on doing your corridor patrol now, I doubt we’re supposed to bring our friends with us.”“I can do what I please. I’m a prefect now. I’m in charge of everyone on this train.”“Except for me and the other prefects. Oh, and the Head Boy and Girl, if you’ll recall.”“There’s still the rest of the crowd,” he said with a pointed grin, walking out of the compartment with Vincent and Greg on his heels.“Okay,” Becky said the minute they were out of earshot. “Do Crabbe and Goyle know the truth about Seraphina here?”“It’s only you, me, and Draco. No one else. I’m not sure I want Vincent and Greg to know, because as… well… unintelligent as they are, I feel like they could easily let it slip.”“Not even Lissy…? I know Lissy already told Trixy about the whole thing with you and your….” she changed her tone to a whisper. “Father.”“Lissy doesn’t even know about Seraphina, or anything about her aliases as the Angel of Death or Anastasia Capitani.”“She sure knows about your mum’s old alias, though. She and Trixy have been disappearing in her room to look through old newspapers they got Madam Pince to send to them.”“How in the world did they manage to get that old bat to do that?”“Ah, they know how to be buddy buddies with the staff.”I gave a small shrug, “Yeah, they sure know how to be sweeties.”“Correction — Trixy knows how to fake being a sweetie, whereas Lissy is a natural sweetie.”I chuckled, but then realized something. “Oh, that’s right… too much to do….”“What?”“On top of this one training me,” I said, pointing to Seraphina, “I have to prepare for becoming an ally… I need a name and followers. Ooh.. and a way to contact them if need be.. wouldn’t want tattoos I don’t think….” I sighed in frustration. I can’t just ask anybody to follow me. How did dad do it? Well, whoever agreed with his outlook came to him… but my outlook is so different from his, and if I showed that to people then I’d have Seraphina here putting me down. She became dad’s ally for a reason — she must agree with his ideals. But then, since she obviously knows so much… why hasn’t she exposed Severus for truly being with Professor Dumbledore? He and I are both certain she knows….“I’ll be your first,” Becky said unexpectedly.“Huh?”Becky gave a little giggle, but she looked at me with utmost seriousness. “Hey, I’m with you to the very end.”“I couldn’t do that, you’re my best friend not my puppet —”She cut me off quickly, “I’m sure you know it doesn’t have to be like that. With your father, yeah, it probably is… but I’d like to think about it as a job. A boss and her subordinates. I do what you say because you hired me. Draco and I, and maybe Crabbe and Goyle, could be your first followers.”I smiled.“Hm…” This came from Seraphina.I turned to look at her, having forgotten for a minute there that she did understand English.“Oh, no, don’t worry. I didn’t hear a thing,” she said, surprising me for a moment. She gave me a small grin, and faked like she was taking ear plugs out of her ear. “See? I don’t know anything.” Then she faked putting them back in. “I don’t listen unless spoken to.”My muscles relaxed — I hadn’t even been aware that they’d tensed up. Her words seemed genuine — not that I believed she hadn’t actually heard me, but… that she wasn’t going to spill any of my feelings to my dad. Proof that I was a kinder person than he could ever be, and that I showed my friends that I cared about them. I just wish I could believe that it could stay that way….⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛By the time the boys came back, Becky and I had gotten dressed and she left to go find George. He hadn’t written a letter back to her about her being a prefect, so she worried that the twins were freaking out about her calling them out on their troublemaking. But, though I knew she wouldn’t ever do that, I let her go find them. Wish I could have something romantic like that… no, I can’t wish that. I need to think about the hole I’ve dug for myself.“We’re almost there. Where’s the disappointment?” Draco asked.“Becky went to find her troublemaker boyfriend. She’s got her prefect badge, so whenever we get there she won’t have to worry about running back here to go find it.”“Oh, that’s right, she’ll be gone with him and his twin brother more often than not, won’t she?” he asked, sitting down next to me and stretching out leisurely with his eyes closed. “Maybe this year will be better for me than I originally expected.”“What were you expecting?”“Well,” he began, sitting up to look at me. I was more than vaguely aware of our close proximity while he remained unfazed. “More time for just you and me, don’t you think?”“Umm… well…” I glanced nervously around me for a subject change.Seraphina said something incoherent, and I quickly turned my head to look at her. I wasn’t sure if it was really in Italian, or if she was just blabbering random gibberish, but she was pointing out the window with a pretty believable look of awe and amazement. I scooted away and leaned over to look out the window to see the school edging closer and closer into perspective.“Oh, that’s right, we’re almost there. Awesome,” I said quickly. As much relief as I had, though, I couldn’t help but notice the deep set feeling of disappointment that came with it. I avoided Draco’s gaze that I could feel boring into the back of my skull.“Is everyone ready to go?” I heard Pansy ask.I could see in the reflection of the window that Pansy stood in the doorway once more with Millicent and Blaise, all of them wearing their robes.“Where’s Becky?” she looked around in confusion.“Wherever she wants to be. I know we’ll get to see her at the Slytherin table with us, anyway,” I said, still staring out the window as the train began to slow down.When it finally stopped, we all stepped out onto the platform to begin making our way toward the carriages. I was surprised not to hear Professor Hagrid’s voice calling out to the first years, but a familiar woman’s voice. “First years line up over here, please! All first years to me!” Professor Grubbly-Plank…. maybe Professor Hagrid is out doing something or is sick… I don’t know.The moment Draco led the group into pushing young students out of the way and bullying them, I held back and hid from their sight in case they noticed. I was not about to be a part of that, no matter who everyone knew me to be.“Found you!” Some grabbed my arm, and started pulling me along.“Hey — wha —?” I started to ask, feeling lost.Fred was the one pulling me, almost causing me to lose my balance. “Glad I’ve caught you. Becky and George are waiting for us just ahead.”“As good as it is to know I’m invited somewhere besides with a group of bullies, I would appreciate it if I weren’t being dragged to the brink of death.”“Dramatizer,” he mumbled in my ear as he let my hand go… only to make an attempt at grabbing my arm.I hopped out of his reach and ran ahead of him in the direction he’d said Becky and George were waiting. I knew my destination was correct by the red head I saw floating above all the shorter heads in the crowd. For having a short mom, those Weasley boys certainly got extra tall. Which, alas, was the reason Fred caught up to me.The first indication was the footsteps coming closer and closer behind me. The next was his arm wrapping around my waist and lifting me up, bringing my feet above the ground. “Whoa, whoa, no. Put me down, Fred.”“Or what?”“Or I will hex the hell out of you! Do not play with me!”He chuckled as he put me down, but the moment he saw my serious face his own expression downcast. “What?”“What do you think?” I hissed quietly, continuing along the way closer to the carriages while he walked next to me. “Everybody here has read the papers. Do you really think any of them are still going to think of me as that random smart girl from Slytherin?”His expression matched mine as he considered it. “But —”“There’s no but to it… if any of them even think that I have a weakness, they’re going to do their best to exploit it. As easy as it is for me to defend myself, I’d much prefer not to in case of the possibility that if I injure someone I could be expelled and possibly placed in Azkaban just because of who my parents were and are.”By then we had reached Becky and his twin, close to a kiss when Becky saw us out of the corner of her eye and said, “There you are! Come on, let’s hop on the next carriage.”As downcast as George looked that he didn’t get his kiss, it seemed he knew his twin was in a much worse state than he was. He opted to tease him, “What’s up mate? Did Melody turn you down for the thirtieth time? I told you to stop chasing her.”Fred laughed. They could always do that for each other. “I just can’t help myself.” Then he leaned close and whispered something to him from which he gave a nod. I made an easy guess that figured he told him he’d talk about it later tonight between the two of them.I had been paying so much attention to them that it was a surprise when Becky shouted in my ear, “Melody!”“Huh?! Oh, what?” I asked “Where’s Anastasia? I wanted to introduce her to the boys.”My body froze. I had forgotten all about her while trying to steer clear of both bullying and being bullied. And I was supposed to watch her, too…. Damn it! “Damn, I must’ve lost her,” I said as I started to walk back into the crowd.That was when “Anastasia” suddenly appeared in my path. I almost ran into her in my hurry.She smiled mischievously and, before going to meet the twins, she stopped and whispered into my ear, “Don’t worry, dear princess… I wouldn’t do such a horrible thing as to get you in trouble. I know I must be watched, I just thought I’d watch you and how you act around certain people. It’s very interesting, indeed.” She then passed me by to give the boys her greeting that only her fake character figured out how to say fully in English.I sighed. This was only the beginning of the year, but yet I could feel her just plotting something in that intelligent mind of hers. What can I do?

As usual, the entrance hall was lit by the bright, welcoming torches. It felt like the usual nice homecoming that Hogwarts always had, but I still had the pain inside me from all the events that the summer left me with. As much as I loved that I was back in school, I felt a heavy emptiness that persisted no matter how much I tried to push it down. Mom may not have been at school with me, but I could usually look forward to her letters… not anymore.Seraphina leaned next to me to whisper, “Look at who’s coming to kidnap me. Sir Severus Sans Shampoo Snape.”Despite the ache in my heart, I couldn’t help myself at her comment. I burst into laughter. As much pain as I was in, a joke like that erased my worries, if for only a moment. For someone I was supposed to be wary of, Seraphina seemed to know exactly what was needed to lift my spirits.Severus reached us and, before he could say anything with his suspicious glare at Seraphina, she waved her arm in front of his face playfully. “All right, I’m coming. Don’t get irritated.”He rolled his eyes and grabbed hold of her arm before looking pointedly at me. “I want to see you in my office after the feast tonight.”“Sorry, Professor, but I’m exhausted from the long day. Maybe tomorrow.”“Miss Riddle,” he said in a stern tone. “As your godfather, I will insist. You and I need to have a discussion, both alone and with… Miss Capitani.”I sighed. “Fine.” I then quickly followed Becky and the twins into the Great Hall.The four long tables were buzzing with conversation and excitement for the beginning of the new year. People called out greetings to each other, and Lee Jordan whisked Fred and George away to the Gryffindor table, leaving Becky looking disappointed.“What’s wrong? You didn’t get a kiss on the train?” I asked humorously.“No!” she said irritatedly. “They were talking to Lee the entire time, and then I wasn’t left alone with George until Fred decided to go find you.”“You had more than enough time, then, when Fred left. What took you so long?”She looked over at the Slytherin table and, avoiding my question entirely, began walking over there and sat in what I guessed was considered our new group.“Becky —” I started to say.“It’s nothing,” she replied quickly as she sat in between Pansy and Draco.I stared at the back of her head for a moment in stunned silence before sitting on Draco’s other side, in between him and Blaise. Becky usually always sat next to me. Just what in the hell did she and George talk about…?“So, what about it?” Blaise asked.“Hm? What about what?” I replied, wondering if I’d spaced out again in the middle of him talking.“What I said on the train. Although, I was thinking of it in a bigger sense than just being the school bully. You’ve had time to think about it and, I say if you have all of us to back you up, then you could become the next Dark Witch. Become stronger than your father ever was.” He was gesturing to himself and the group we were sitting in, very serious about the idea.A moment of clarity entered my mind as I mulled that over. This sounds like it will be easier than I had originally figured. I have a willing group of followers right here. Even Vincent and Millicent will do it, I’m sure, because they’ll just do what I want out of fear for who I am… all I’d have to figure out now is what my name would be….“You know something, Blaise,” I told him with a smile, “you read my mind. I have been thinking about that, considering what both of my parents were.”He smirked knowingly. “I thought you might see it that way.”I snorted, “You do realize you’d be following my orders, right?”“You’re so smart and beautiful that I don’t mind. I’ll easily follow you, whatever you need.”I’d have liked to be able to shrug that off with a laugh and say, ‘Smooth.’ But I didn’t. I felt the blush hit my cheeks and mentally panicked, wondering what was going on. I calmed down when my cheeks cooled down a minute later, but… I still have nine walls up in my mind, why did my emotions just fluctuate like that?“What’s going on?” Draco had turned around and stared at the two of us with an expression of suspicion.Ooh… how much did he see…? It was bad enough that Blaise saw me blush, let alone Draco. Regaining my original composure, I said, “Blaise just gave me a good idea. I’ll talk to all of you about it later.”“I have to talk to you alone, too,” Draco said, quite possibly reiterating what he’d been trying to say on the train.What’s that emotion he has right now? Damn, if I still had that emotional fluctuation, I might have been able to see it right now, but then I’d be in a more vulnerable position than I’m ready for. “Depends on what it is,” I replied readily.He was about to respond but was cut off by the sound of the doors to the entrance hall opening to reveal Professor McGonagall leading the new, scared looking first years with the stool and Sorting Hat in hand. He forgot everything about what he was going to tell me, and instead whispered, “Some of these students will be under my wing soon.”“They’ll more than likely come to me if they need anything before they come to you,” Becky quipped.“Shut up, Figgy.”The Great Hall gradually silenced altogether as the group reached the front and Professor McGonagall placed the stool and the hat down. We all waited with bated breaths for the Sorting Hat to sing its new song. Then the rip near the brim opened and it sang: In times of old when I was new

And Hogwarts barely started

The founders of our noble school

Thought never to be parted:

United by a common goal,

They had the selfsame yearning,

To make the world’s best magic school

And pass along their learning.

“Together we will build and teach!”

The four good friends decided

And never did they dream that they

Might someday be divided,

For were there such friends anywhere

As Slytherin and Gryffindor?

Unless it was the second pair

Of Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw?

So how could it have gone so wrong?

How could such friendships fail?

Why, I was there and so can tell

The whole sad, sorry tale.

Said Slytherin, “We’ll teach just those

Whose ancestry is purest.”

Said Ravenclaw, “We’ll teach those whose

Intelligence is surest.”

Said Gryffindor, “We’ll teach all those

With brave deeds to their name.”

Said Hufflepuff, “I’ll teach the lot,

And treat them just the same.”

These differences caused little strife

When first they came to light,

For each of the four founders had

A House in which they might

Take only those they wanted, so,

For instance, Slytherin

Took only pure-blood wizards

Of great cunning, just like him,

And only those of sharpest mind

Were taught by Ravenclaw

While the bravest and the boldest

Went to daring Gryffindor.

Good Hufflepuff she took the rest,

And taught them all she knew,

Thus the Houses and their founders

Retained friendships firm and true.

So Hogwarts worked in harmony

For several happy years,

But then discord crept among us

Feeding on our faults and fears.

The Houses that, like pillars four,

Had once held up our school,

Never turned upon each other and,

Divided, sought to rule.

And for a while it seemed the school

Must meet an early end,

What with dueling and with fighting

And the clash of friend on friend

And at last there came a morning

When old Slytherin departed

And though the fighting then died out

He left us quite downhearted.

And never since the founders four

Were whittled down to three

Have the Houses been united

As they once were meant to be.

And now the Sorting Hat is here

And you all know the score:

I sort you into Houses

Because that is what I’m for.

But this year I’ll go further,

Listen closely to my song:

Though condemned I am to split you

Still I worry that it’s wrong,

Though I must fulfill my duty

And must quarter every year

Still I wonder whether sorting

May not bring the end I fear.

Oh, know the perils, read the signs,

The warning history shows,

For our Hogwarts is in danger

From external, deadly foes

And we must unite inside her

Or we’ll crumble from within.

I have told you, I have warned you….

Let the Sorting now begin. The hat went still once more, and applause broke out… but not without whispers and mutters. Everyone around me looked as though they shrugged it off except for Becky, whose face had gone white as she looked over at me.The hat seems like it knows the school is, or will soon be, in a dangerous position, but how? What is going to happen? Will dad try to take it over when he is in full control, or is the Ministry possibly planning something to overthrow Professor Dumbledore?The sorting began with Professor McGonagall eyeing everyone still whispering with that deathlike stare before she began calling names. I didn’t pay attention to any of it. Personally, none of it worried me nor applied to me in any way.I looked around at the faces surrounding me as they watched the sorting. Will I have to threaten any.. all of them to stay loyal to me? I might have Becky and Draco no matter what I tell them, but what about the rest of them? What can I even consider as my… mission? Call us the double-sided team?“To our newcomers, welcome!” Professor Dumbledore’s voice boomed, surprising me out of my mindless daydreaming. He had a beaming smile on his face as if it were just another normal year. I wish it could be. “To our old hands — welcome back! There is a time for speech making, but this is not it. Tuck in!”There were some appreciative chuckles along with a round of applause as he sat back down, and the food appeared on the tables. Draco dug right in, placing food on his plate as well as eating what he picked up.Blaise gave me a pointed look before whispering, “You dated that?”I ignored his comment, and began placing food on my own plate. Talk like that is expected from Marcus as an ex, and Fred as a small little joke. Draco, possibly, now that he’s also an ex. But Blaise? All he’d been was a needed acquaintance for the Yule Ball. I can’t see any further interest in him.“Is that all you’re eating?” Becky asked.I looked up in surprise, “What?” I looked down. It was a chicken leg and some mashed potatoes. It looked like a lot to me at that moment… but, then again, my eating was becoming very inconsistent. Sometimes I ate a lot… sometimes I barely ate anything.She put her hand on Draco’s head to lift herself up on her feet and walk over to squeeze herself in between me and Blaise. All I heard was Draco’s loud “Ouch!” before feeling her push me away from Blaise into Draco’s side, and plop down next to me.“You need more than this,” Becky said, taking my plate and heaping a whole bunch of different foods on top of it.“Becky, I’m not going to be able to finish all of that,” I told her, point blank.She looked at me, a heavy stare of worry and despair. “You’ve lost quite a bit of weight, Melody. You need to eat more than that measly little bit you had.”“I’m not going to be able to finish all of it. I’m not that hungry.”“Why not?”“Do you really need to ask?” I was starting to get irritated, looking at the plate so covered with food that I was not in the mood to stuff down my throat. “I put what I know I’ll be able to eat, and nothing more.”“Can’t you at least eat some of what I put on there?” she asked desperately.“No. I don’t have the stomach for it right now.” I pulled the food that I was originally eating on top of the food she stuffed my plate with and ate those with quick succession. When I was done, I pushed my plate away from me, feeling extra full.Becky frowned at my plate, but before she could even think about how to force it in me, all the food disappeared and Professor Dumbledore stood up to begin his speech. Becky crossed her arms with a “hmph” of disappointment.“Well, now that we are all digesting another magnificent feast, I beg a few moments of your attention for the usual start-of-term notices. First years ought to know that the forest in the grounds is out of bounds to students — and a few of our older students ought to know by now too.“Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me, for what he tells me is the four hundred and sixty-second time, to remind you all that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a number of other things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr. Filch’s office door.“We have had two changes in staffing this year. We are very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures lessons; we are also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.”There was a round of politely unenthusiastic applause. The Umbridge woman smiled sweetly… dangerously… happily. I figured in terms of Professor Hagrid that he was just doing something important for Professor Dumbledore. He would never quit Hogwarts.Professor Dumbledore continued. “Tryouts for the House Quidditch teams will take place on the —”“Hem hem.”You have got to be kidding me, I thought irritably as Professor Dumbledore turned to look at Professor Umbridge inquiringly. She stood, fully ready to make her own speech. Everyone at the teacher’s table stared at her with such shock, not hiding their incredulity, whereas Professor Dumbledore looked surprised for only a moment before smartly sitting back down to let her entertain herself.“Thank you, Headmaster, for those kind words of welcome. Hem hem! Well, it is lovely to be back at Hogwarts, I must say!” She smiled, pointed devil-like teeth showing with the action. “And to see such happy little faces looking back at me!”I looked around me only to see people looking both taken aback and offended at being addressed like kindergarten-aged children.She continued, “I am very much looking forward to getting to know you all, and I’m sure we’ll be very good friends!”Draco and Becky were holding back their laughter. I couldn’t find it in me as I stared at this woman. There is something underlying that top personality that I do not trust. Like she has some hidden, evil motive… heck, I feel more wary around her than my own father. And that is saying something.After another, “Hem, hem!” her voice switched from near child-like talk to business. “The Ministry of Magic has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be of vital importance. The rare gifts with which you were born may come to nothing if not nurtured and honed by careful instruction. The ancient skills unique to the Wizarding community must be passed down through the generations lest we lose them forever. The treasure trove of magical knowledge amassed by our ancestors must be guarded, replenished, and polished by those who have been called to the noble profession of teaching.”She paused, and turned to give a bow to the other teachers, none of whom bowed back. Professor McGonagall’s eyes slimmed to make her look like a hawk, and Severus just stared at her with seething dislike. He and Seraphina both have shown to have problems with her, so that proves just how much I have to watch out for her.“Hem, hem,” she began her speech once more. “Every headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts has brought something new to the weighty task of governing this historic school, and that is as it should be, for without progress there will be stagnation and decay. There again, progress for progress’s sake must be discouraged, for our tried and tested traditions often require no tinkering. A balance, then, between old and new, between permanence and change, between tradition and innovation…”“This is ridiculous, I don’t even know what the point of listening to this is,” Becky complained. “It’s not like when Dumbledore gives a speech. He at least has an aura that makes it easy to listen to him without spacing out.”“It’s just too funny to me,” Draco said, still snickering.I looked around. There were other people speaking during her speech, but yet she kept on talking as if she didn’t notice. People could probably talk over her and she would still keep on going. It was annoying enough that her speech was continuing when it was quite obvious to me that no one cared what she had to say… even though she seemed to have threats laced into it.“... because some changes will be for the better, while others will come, in the fullness of time, to be recognized as errors of judgment. Meanwhile, some old habits will be retained, and rightly so, whereas others, outmoded and outworn, must be abandoned. Let us move forward, then, into a new era of openness, effectiveness, and accountability, intent on preserving what ought to be preserved, perfecting what needs to be perfected, and pruning wherever we find practices that ought to be prohibited.”She sat back down. Professor Dumbledore decided to be big and clapped encouragingly. The rest of the staff clapped along, but some for only a short moment before they stopped. There was some clapping from a few of the students.“It’s done already? Oh, come on, that was entertaining,” Draco said.I snorted, “More like incriminating.”Draco looked at me with a warm smile on his face.I coughed and tried to look anywhere else only to finally realize that Professor Dumbledore stood up again.“Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was most illuminating,” he said with a bow in her direction. “Now — as I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held…”My attention was divided as I saw Seraphina through the crack in the Foundation Hall entryway, just waving to me and at the staff table. I looked from her to Severus, who glared at her pointedly and shook his head. She beckoned for both of us to come.I sighed softly and tapped Becky and Draco’s shoulders, they leaned in to hear me whisper. “I have to get going for now. I need to talk to Seraphina and Severus. But, Becky I’ll see you in the dorm, and Draco I’ll see you in the morning.”I looked over my shoulder to see if Professor Umbridge was looking my way. When she wasn’t, I pulled out my wand.“Hey,” Becky whispered softly.“Hm?”“Thanks for giving warning.. before disappearing… it’ll make for a nice change.”“Right,” Draco added. “It’s a lot nicer to know where you are going to disappear to. Rather than trying to ask later and getting no answer.”My mouth set in a thin line. “That’s as good as the year can get. Enjoy your first year students.” I donned the Disillusionment Charm and quickly snuck out of the Great Hall. Funnily enough, Seraphina hadn’t seen me. So, when I came around behind her and removed the Disillusionment Charm, I tapped her shoulder and she was instantly on guard with her wand pointed at me.I chuckled, “Whoah, now, chill out. It’s just me.”She raised her eyebrows at me and put it back in the pocket of her robes, “How did you do that?”“Disillusionment Charm. Didn’t want Professor Umbridge to see me walk out.”She was awed. “Impressive.”I shrugged and said, “Well, it would be best that we make our way to Severus’ office. Professor Dumbledore should be finishing his speech soon, so let’s not get stuck in the crowd.”We went to wait in the office, and were surprised to see him come in a few minutes later and close the door.“Well, that was short, wasn’t it?” I asked.“There wasn’t much else for him to say after Umbridge gave her speech. What she had to say was enough warning for everyone to know what’s coming this year.”“I hate that woman,” Seraphina growled. “Out of all the Ministry officials that Fudge could have sent to Hogwarts, it would be her.”“What has she done that is so horrible?” I asked curiously. “Not that I like her so far, it just seems strange to think that you, of all people, could hate a person so much.”Seraphina looked at me gravely as she said, “Oh, you’ll find out just what kind of person she can be. Umbridge is that woman who will lie to get ahead, and hurt and torture the innocent to get what she wants.”The full brunt of that sentence hit me square in the chest. For one… what has Professor Dumbledore just brought into this school? For two… Seraphina cares about who gets hurt…. I decided to test her opinion. “So.. you care about innocent people like mere children? Wizards who have no qualms with you or dad…? You care about the Muggles?”She gave me one look.. and then she burst into fits of laughter. “Oh dear… oh… I’m sorry, that accusation was just too good!” It took a while for her to stop laughing, which was most unexpected for me as I glanced at Severus, because I’d said it with the utmost seriousness. When she stopped laughing, she looked at me with a smile on her face. “Ah, I knew I liked you, dear. See, she uses ruthless tactics to get what she wants… power. You could say she’s similar to your father, but she hides it behind a fake personality so sweet it’s disgusting. She has given me and my followers problems because most of them are half bloods… but I know for a certainty that she is one herself, she only lies about her blood status so that she can rise in the ranks a lot quicker.”“How is that a problem to you?”“You know of the Sacred Twenty-Eight, do you not?”“Yes, of course, the twenty eight families still reported as fully pureblood by the 1930s.”“Very good. Well, she decided to boast of her status as a pureblood but I don't recall Umbridge as being one of the names on the list. So, I had one of my followers do a little sleuthing, as well as ask her how this was possible.” Her expression turned to that of severe offense, “The nerve of her to say that she was a part of the Selwyn family.”Wow, so she is another person who feels strongly about being pureblood. Of course, she wouldn’t have any other kind of thought in mind, considering she’s on dad’s side. It’s just that sometimes.. it seems to me that she has a different side to her than what he has.“In any case,” Severus broke the silence, causing us both to look at him and for Seraphina to lose track of her angry thoughts. “We need to keep a low profile this year. I’ve been informed by Umbridge, herself, Melody, that she does not want you doing lessons with me anymore. She and the Ministry are in agreement that you shouldn’t be learning at levels higher than your own classmates.”I stared at him. “What about how I already did my O.W.L.s last year?”His lips thinned, “She considered your test nullified.”“What? Why didn’t you or Professor Dumbledore do anything about it?”“My hands are tied, Melody. Not to worry, though, I made a copy of your test. And Professor Dumbledore only agreed so there wouldn’t be any more problems than there already are. But what I was saying about a low profile is that we’ll be doing our lessons one night a week. Same goes for you and Seraphina. Umbridge should be given no reason to believe that you’re doing anything behind her back.”I frowned thoughtfully. Well, wouldn’t be that much different from sneaking out in the middle of the night to talk to dad… except that that had been every single night. “Which nights?”“My lessons will be done on Friday nights, while Seraphina’s lessons will be Saturday nights. That gives you the time you need during the week to have enough sleep before each weekday… unlike a lot of your previous years.” He looked at me pointedly.I gave a small cough before asking, “What times?”“Whenever the time allows for you to get to us, and to get through as many lessons as possible before you get tired.”“Would it also make me a lot stronger to repeat some lessons? Refresh my memory on some of them like Legilimency and Occlumency?”“Yes, it could.”“And make me strong enough to cast difficult spells even when I’m exhausted? I’m sure battling is a very difficult thing to do —”“Now, don’t come up with any idea to fight —”“Even if I don’t want to, being who I am means that I’ll have to fight sometimes and I need to be prepared. Dad wants to get me started now, and there’s not much that we can do about that except get me ready for whatever he needs me for… and, Severus, I want to fight. I have to be able to protect myself someway, somehow, when things go awry.”He sighed as he looked at me, debating silently with himself before giving in “Yes, I suppose so…” Then, he turned to Seraphina, “I need to speak to Melody alone for a moment. You can go to your room, it’s just next door.”“That sounds perfect,” she said, standing up with a stretch. “It has been a long day. Time to get ready for a long year ahead, too.” She gave me a wink, “Good night, dearie. And…” she looked at Severus, “you as well, Snape.”When she left, Severus waved his wand to close the door and muttered another spell.“Silencer?” I asked.“I don’t need anyone intruding…. Look, you have a lot to watch out for this year. Umbridge is going to keep as close an eye on you as she can. As it so happens, she was in Slytherin when she came to school here, so odds are she’ll expect me to give her the password whenever she so desires.”I slouched down in my seat with a groan. “And here I thought it was already difficult enough. She would be the kind to check that I’m still in my room, too… But, Seraphina will teach me the art of illusion, won’t she?”“Seraphina has already decided that that will be your first lesson. But until you work with her this Saturday night, you need to keep an eye out for Umbridge or at least get on her good side to begin with.”“Do you know how difficult that’s going to be?” I asked, pulling my arm over my eyes. Too much.“I know, but remember that you’re not alone.”I raised my arm slightly to look at him, “Aren’t you still mad at me?”“I wasn’t mad at you in the first place. We were spending some necessary time together and then Seraphina showed up… and you acted like you didn’t mind in the least.”I sighed, hiding my eyes with my arm again. The pressure felt nice. “I guess I’ve just learned to take things as they come. Quality time, as much as I can spend with someone, is memorable no matter how short it is… I just don’t want anything to end forever before things can be patched up.”I heard him stand, and walk over to kneel in front of me, placing a hand on my shoulder. He pulled my arm away from my face to stare solemnly back at me. “Like I said, you’re not alone. Things perhaps did not go so well with you and your mother, but remember that she still loved you no matter what… I’m not.. great with feelings or emotions, which are what make you difficult to deal with at your age and with your problems, but I’m trying. I’m here, and despite what I’d like to say otherwise, Seraphina is here for you, too.”I felt my foremost wall crack, and even more so as he placed a hand on my chest over where my heart was.“And your mother is still in here with you. Just another reason why you’re different from your father. You feel love.”“I don’t understand love —”“You’re only saying that because you feel lost. You know what love is, Melody, you just need to take the time to regain the feel of it.”“No.. I’ve never understood it, Severus…” I turned my head away. “I’m not as loving as you think I am. Look at what I’ve done. Look at the last thing I ever said to my mom.”He leaned in to hug me, but I quickly sidestepped out of the chair. So fast that I fell.I hopped to my feet and cleared my throat to keep the wall from breaking and my tears from falling.“Melody…”“I’m not ready to take the ninth wall down,” I said, my throat felt like it was closing in on itself as I tried to remain calm. My voice was shaky, though. “As much as I have left to take down I don’t want to feel the brunt of any of that pain yet.”“Face it sooner rather than later. That wall is cracked beyond repair. You need to take it down now, then there’s only eight left to deal with.”I had to calm myself down in order to speak clearly, “I’m not ready yet, Severus.”Something was screaming to be said in the back of his mind, and I was happy to see him not say whatever it was. What he did say was, “As you wish…. Here, I’ll escort you to the common room.”

“First day of classes! Wake up, wake up, wake up!” Becky screeched into my ear, shaking me back and forth under the blankets.I cursed like there was no tomorrow. When I sat up, she stood back and smiled cheekily at me. “What the hell, Becky?”“Time for breakfast. Get dressed!”I looked at my alarm clock… seven thirty…. “It’s not going to take an hour and a half to eat breakfast,” I replied monotonously. “Let me remind you how this works, Becky. My alarm clock goes off at eight. That’s when you and I get dressed, and downstairs by eight thirty. Why are we awake now?”“If we get a head start to breakfast, maybe Snape will give us our schedules first… then we have time to chill out a bit outside before our first class.”I rubbed my eyes with a groan. “Oh, fine.” I pulled the blankets off of me and dragged myself out of bed while Becky hopped up and down excitedly. I looked over at our roommates, and grumbled, “Even Pansy and Millicent don’t get up this early.”“I’m sure that they did on our very first day of Hogwarts ever, though..”I laughed, “I forgot. They did, didn’t they? In fact, they didn’t even start talking to us like we existed until last year.”“Yup!” Becky said, hurrying to get herself dressed as well. “How times have changed, Melody! How times have changed.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛We got downstairs to find Draco, Vincent, and Greg waiting there for us.“What took you so long?” Draco asked, his arms crossed over his chest.“Didn’t expect this to be a part of your idea, too,” I said in surprise. “Usually you’d also prefer to sleep.”“Not much I can do about it. Even if I disagreed, Becky could easily come up to our dorm to wake us up, whereas we can’t go anywhere near your dorm.”“Because according to the Founders, girls are more trustworthy than boys,” Becky recited.“Yeah… sure, whatever,” Draco replied. “Girls could do some of the same untrustworthy acts as boys do.”“You wish,” Becky replied.I rolled my eyes at both of them. Always arguing about one thing or another… but, hey, it’s a good sign for me. As long as I hear that, I know they’re still with me as friends. As annoying as they get, I’m glad that I still have them.When we got to the Great Hall, the ceiling showed to be a miserable, cloudy gray. “Do you still want to go outside?” I asked them.“We’ll eat quickly and stay outside until it rains,” Becky said, pulling me over to the very empty Slytherin table.Surprisingly enough, the food appeared in front of us as soon as we sat down. I raised my eyebrows interestedly. “Huh, never thought that that was how breakfast actually worked. First come, first serve, I see.”“You’re up early,” I heard the drawl behind me. I turned to see Severus, his own eyebrows raised at me.“Surely, that’s not surprising. You’ve seen me do it over the summer.”“Never for school.”“Of course not.” I said with a smirk, “That would mean that I take school seriously.”Becky giggled uncontrollably.“Remember Miss Riddle, that not all teachers will take that as a mere joke,” he replied as he placed my schedule in front of me.“That’s why I only say it to you, you understand me……. Mostly…” I said, looking at my schedule closely. “Ugh… Defense Against the Dark Arts is first? Someone murder me….”“That can be arranged if you don’t take heed of when and where you say it.”I raised an eyebrow at him, “Yeah, I’m surprised at why I forgot just how morbid you are sometimes.”“Knowing you didn’t really forget,” he said as he began to walk away.“Wait!” I said, causing him to turn and look at me. “Is, uh, Anastasia coming to my classes with me?”“Anastasia has informed me that she will not be accompanying you for the next few days due to the projects she was assigned to finish before beginning.”A knot occurred in the pit of my stomach. Should’ve guessed. I have to face Professor Umbridge alone, then.Severus leaned down to whisper in my ear, “She was called in at the last minute for classified meetings with your father. It’ll only be a couple days.”“Well, what good does that do me if Professor Umbridge is the very person Seraphina is supposed to be here to protect me from?”“That is part of what they’re discussing.”“How is that supposed to keep me safe? Umbridge could do just about anything at any given time.”He sighed and rubbed his forehead, “Let Seraphina figure that out.” Then, he quickly walked away.I grumbled as I helped myself to some pancakes and sausages, feeling like the morning was already getting off to a bad start.Draco gave me a small punch to the arm, “Hey, don’t worry about it. We’re in every single class you go to, so you’re not alone.”“Technically, I am… Study of Ancient Runes, hello!” Becky said, waving her hand in front of his face as though he were blind. “You didn’t want to do ‘the hard class’ with us.”“Shut up with your lies,” he said with gritted teeth.“No, dumb bell, it’s called speaking the truth. You don’t want to hear it, that’s your own issue, idiot.”“House traitor..” he coughed.“What was that?”“Oh, nothing, you’re just hearing things.”“I am a prefect, if you remember —”“And so am I, in case you forgot. Something going on with your brain there? Because it sounds like you may need to get that checked by Madam Pomfrey…” he made a small hiss and leaned away from her as though it were contagious.“I’ll toss you off the end of the astronomy tower,” she said deadly. “Say something again about me being a House traitor, and I’ll be forced to give a fellow prefect the punishments of old.”He narrowed his eyes at her.“Well,” I said, standing up. “I’ll just go outside now before you start your duel.”Becky giggled as she followed suit, “Oh, don’t worry about that. We’re prefects now! We’re going to be a lot more mature than that, right Draco?”Draco was confused for a second as he moved his hand away from his pocketed wand. “Uh — right! Exactly.”The weather when we walked outside was gloomy with a cool breeze. After such a hot summer, the fresh air was very welcoming.“So…” Becky said, wrapping an arm over my shoulder with a large grin. “Care to tell us what we’re getting into?”“What do you mean?”“Meaning.. what exactly have you done for your father?” She gestured between herself and the boys. “Do we have a right to know, or not?”“Ohh..” I pondered it. When I explained everything to Professor Dumbledore, I’d detailed as much as I could possibly muster… but, considering Vincent and Greg were also with us I felt it would be necessary to minimize. Not completely, but just enough that it didn’t take me all day to explain. And so I did.Letting dad sit around in my head at the end of our first year of Hogwarts until we found a snake for him to host for a while (“Oh, so that’s why you sat around in your bed for so long!” Becky). Assisting his memory the following year by letting the Basilisk out (“It was you all along?” Draco). Searching for and sending a.. faithful (blech) follower of his to him in the midst of the chaos that gave me my concussion (“You’ve done so much for him…” Draco). Making the potion for his revival the previous year… along with what I did to save the guy that took the real Mad-Eye Moody’s place as our Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher (“So that was what the detention was for!” Becky).“Wait…” Draco shook his head fervently. “If you two were in on everything together, then why did it seem like everything got extra strained during the exams?”“Because it did..” I said with a shrug, turning my face away from their expectant gazes as we walked.We’d been walking around the grounds in circles… me stopping in the middle of talking every time another student wandered by, leading up to Draco — and even Becky — yelling at them to ‘scram!’I continued, “He’d tried using my dad’s resurrection potion as a means to kill me… since I had to — for a better lack of wording — donate my magic for it, he’d wanted to suck me dry.”“And yet you still saved him?” Becky asked, sounding more awed than I expected. I had assumed I might hear outrage at him — even at me — not incredulity and reverence for my actions.Suddenly, I felt my body being engulfed from behind by a pair of arms that hugged me tight. The following feelings were a confusing tornado of complete happiness and heartbreaking pain as I turned slightly to realize it was Draco holding me. My breathing became shallow as I began inwardly freaking out, and quickly broke free from his grip. I breathed a few deep sighs of relief before walking to the nearest tree to sit down.I need to relax, none of this is going very well for me if Draco keeps trying to pull stunts like that.Becky sat next to me and also gave a small sigh, but she had a smile on her face.“What’re you smiling about?” I asked.“Well,” she said as Draco sat on my other side. I dared not look at his face. “Thanks for explaining… well, everything. Some of it is disturbing to say the least, but at least you’re finally honest with us. Even though I know this won’t be an easy year.. at least we’ll get through it together.”My smile felt broken as I asked, “How’s that?”“Because, Melody, now you don’t have to go through a hard time alone. You have me and Draco…. Honestly, if you had told us from the beginning, things would have been so much easier for you.”I almost groaned with irritation, but I had to recall that I deserved that so I kept silent on that matter.Becky continued unfazed by my silence, “But, at least with the way the universe works, the truth always comes out. Now we can help you.”I closed my eyes, feeling slightly weightless, “Thanks for being understanding…”She gave me her cheeky smile, “Hey, what else am I here for?”“Irritating the crap out of me,” Draco mumbled.“Shut up, weasel.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛We walked into the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom to see Professor Umbridge seated at her desk in the fluffy pink cardigan from the night before with a velvet bow in her head.“Good morning!” she said brightly when the whole class sat down.“Good morning,” some people mumbled. I highly doubted anyone was really awake.“Oh, tut tut, that just won’t do at all. I should like you, please, to reply, ‘Good morning, Professor Umbridge!’ One more try… Good morning, class!”“Good morning, Professor Umbridge!” most people chanted back.She looked straight at me, as if knowing that I wasn’t going to respond the way she wanted. “Something the matter, Miss Riddle?”Damnit, I thought to myself, irritated that she knew I didn’t say it. Ah, it can’t be helped.. I have to play it smart when dealing with her. “No, I just wanted to greet you on my own…. Good morning, Professor Umbridge!”Her eyes widened, but then she gave a large smile and giggled as a blush crossed her cheeks. “Oh, dear, as nice as that is, flattery won’t get you anywhere.” Sounds like it hit your fat ego where it counted, though. “Next time, however, I insist you greet me with the rest of your classmates. Understood?”“Yes, Professor Umbridge. I understand, Professor Umbridge. I apologize.” I felt like throwing up my own words.Everybody was staring at me with the utmost shock, and I figured I knew what was going through their minds without even needing to read them. Why would the daughter of a Dark Lord express obedience to a mere Ministry official taking place at the school as a professor?.. Because I know how to play my cards. Being careful with my actions and my mouth is what is needed right now.“Wands away and quills out, please.”I spared a glance to Becky and Draco while we did as she asked. Draco just shrugged his shoulders wordlessly. What is she having us do writing for? This is a class for spell-casting, even the first day usually….She opened her bag, extracting her wand… it was extremely short. I had to keep myself from gasping, Oh God, what has Professor Dumbledore allowed the Ministry to bring in to this school? Short wands aren’t always indicative of height — mostly, they have to do with the person’s personality. The more narrow-minded and shallow they are, the shorter the wand is… and it seems like a very rigid one from this distance, too. She tapped the blackboard with it, causing these words to appear: Defense Against the Dark ArtsA Return to Basic Principles A return to basic principles? I looked between her and the board. I hadn’t had time to look over the school books that Mrs. Weasley bought for everyone only the day before we had to catch the train to school — especially since she wanted to throw a prefect party for Ron and Hermione. What was the name of the Defense Against the Dark Arts book again?“Well, now, your teaching in this subject has been rather disrupted and fragmented, hasn’t it?” She turned to face us with her hands clasped in front of her, looking as though she’d rehearsed this many times over so she could repeat it to all of the older students. “The constant changing of teachers, many of whom do not seem to have followed any Ministry-approved curriculum, has unfortunately resulted in your being far below the standard we would expect to see in your O.W.L. year.“You will be pleased to know, however, that these problems are now to be rectified. We will be following a carefully structured, theory-centered, Ministry-approved course of defensive magic this year. Copy down the following, please.” She touched her wand to the blackboard once again to reveal: Course aims:Understanding the principles underlying defensive magic.Learning to recognize situations in which defensive magic can legally be used.Placing the use of defensive magic in a context for practical use. It took a couple of minutes of quills scratching across parchment for everyone to finish writing it down. When we were done was when she mentioned the book. “Has everybody got a copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?” Oh yeah, I packed that wondering what we were supposed to be learning… because it seems basically everyone has that book from any age between first and seventh years.We all learned quickly when it came to what Professor Umbridge wanted — since we didn’t want to hear her berate us like we were little kids again — we responded, “Yes, Professor Umbridge!”“Perfect,” she said with a satisfied smile. “I should like you to turn to page five and read chapter one, ‘Basics for Beginners.’ There will be no need to talk.”Is this all we’ll be doing? I wondered as I took out the book and opened to the page she mentioned. If it is… then that means that the Ministry does not want us knowing how to use spells properly. So then, if we wanted to revolt against any of this, there would be no winning the battle.“Miss Riddle, if I may speak to you for a moment in my office, please?” Professor Umbridge said, gesturing to me to follow her when I looked up.I swallowed a lump in my throat as I stood and followed her into her office, closing the door behind me and taking a seat at her desk. The room was repulsive. The usually familiar look of a normal office from other professors, or the fake Alastor Moody’s setting with all the magical instruments, was then covered with lacy covers and cloths. There were vases filled with flowers, each residing on one fancy doily. One wall was covered from top to bottom in ornamental plates, each sporting a large kitten with different colored bows from the next.“Please, sit,” she said sweetly.I sat down in the seat opposite her.She leaned forward, her hands clasped in front of her. “You don’t need to fake it anymore, sweetie.”It’s a trap! “Fake what?”“Come now, I was in Slytherin too… you and I are the same in that way. We seem harmless at first glance, but in reality we can rule over everyone with an iron fist.” To bring her point across, she even clenched her hand into a fist and shook it meaningfully.I stared at her, uncertain what she was trying to accomplish.“Being a part of the Ministry has given me the type of power I have always aspired to have, but I found my way into this school so I could push my power to higher grounds.”“So?” I asked. “What are you saying?”“You have the blood of the most powerful Dark Lord of all times… it’s no wonder you have excelled in everything you have learned. I want to channel that power. You help me, you have a high spot at the Ministry guaranteed when you graduate from Hogwarts… because as my second-in-command you follow my orders while enforcing the rules on others.” She gave a smile dripping with obvious poisoned honey. “What do you say?”I couldn’t help myself. I blurted, “That’s enslavement!”“Now you see why I asked you to sit down —”“Why in bloody hell would I do that?” I stood with quickness, and looked down on her. That felt like a much better vantage point than staring at her eye to eye. “You may be my professor, but I’m not too scared of you to go so far as let you enslave me under your will!”“Don’t make me do it, Miss Riddle,” she said, her smile never wavering.“Do what? Send me to Professor Snape? Professor Dumbledore? I’m not scared of them, either —”“That temper and sense of royalty must have come from your mother, the spoiled brat that she was. But if she was that easily enslaved by your father, then it shouldn’t be too hard to enslave you as well.”My fists tightened. “You —” Damnit, I left my wand in my bag. “You privileged, snotty Ministry floozy!”Her smile widened, “Detention, then, Miss Riddle. Tonight after your classes, if you don’t mind. Don’t be late.” She stood. “Oh, and before I forget… if you so much as speak a word of this to anyone else, you will regret it. You may be the daughter of the Dark Lord everyone fears so terribly, but even you have your soft spots. That Professor Snape is one.. your friends sitting in that classroom now.. your distant cousin.. your adopted sister…. Remember that well before you even think of trying anything.”All of the air was sucked out of my lungs. I felt as though she might as well have punched me in the stomach so hard that I fell back out the window to the ground far below.“I have made my point,” she opened the door and stood there holding it open in wait for me to walk through. “You may get back to work now. For your detention, just say that your mouth got the better of you. Oh — and leave your wand in your dorm room… I don’t want any funny business.”My heart fell to the pit of my stomach as I walked through the door. They all only just barely forgave me for not telling them what I’d been doing over the past few years… what is going to happen if they find out Professor Umbridge blackmailed me and I don’t tell them? I looked at Becky and Draco’s faces as I sat down. They grinned. Just like old times, they smiled as though it were just any old fun day while my pain multiplied.Seraphina, where are you?⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“What did she want to talk to you about?” Becky asked after we left Defense Against the Dark Arts. She could already tell something was bothering me. What should I say? “She decided to make me mad by faking that she could see right through my so-called ‘fake’ personality. And, well… long story short she insulted my mom for having had me and I lost it. My mouth moved out of my brain’s control. I have detention tonight after classes.”“But that’s not fair!” Draco exclaimed.Becky also voiced her outrage, “A teacher is not allowed to —”I hushed them both about their protests. God, imagine if I told them I was blackmailed. “I’d rather not. Even she said it… it would be the daughter of the darkest Lord of all time begging for attention, and that’s the last thing I want this year.”Becky’s mouth set into a thin line as we got into line behind the Gryffindors filed outside Severus’ classroom. The line slowly moved in, and we made our way to a table close to the front.“Settle down,” Severus said coldly, coming in and closing the door behind himself. But there was no need for the command, because the noise had ceased the minute everyone heard the door close.“Before we begin today’s lesson,” he said, sweeping over to stand behind his desk and proceeding to stare at each of us in turn. “I think it appropriate to remind you that next June you will be sitting an important examination, during which you will prove how much you have learned about the composition and use of magical potions. Moronic though some of this class undoubtedly are, I expect you to scrape an ‘Acceptable’ in your O.W.L., or suffer my… displeasure.”His gaze turned to poor Neville Longbottom, who gulped loudly in fear.“After this year, of course, many of you will cease studying with me. I take only the very best into my N.E.W.T. Potions class, which means that some of us will certainly be saying good-bye.”His pointed look rested on Harry, and they both smiled with pleasure. Yeah, we get it, you will be happy not to see each next year, now let’s get on with it! I need some potion-making to occupy my mind.“But we have another year to go before that happy moment of farewell, so whether you are intending to attempt N.E.W.T. or not, I advise all of you to concentrate your efforts upon maintaining the high-pass level I have come to expect from my O.W.L. students.“Today we will be mixing a potion that often comes up at Ordinary Wizarding Level: the Draught of Peace, a potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation. Be warned: If you are too heavy-handed with the ingredients you will put the drinker into a heavy and sometimes irreversible sleep, so you will need to pay close attention to what you are doing. “The ingredients and method” — he flicked his wand — “are on the blackboard” — the ingredients and steps appeared — “you will find everything you need” — he flicked his wand toward the cupboard — “in the store cupboard” — said cupboard door sprang open — “you have an hour and a half…. Start.”The amount of concentration that was needed to be put into making the potion was just what I needed to forget about the ordeal. When Seraphina got back, she would know how to fix everything. I just have to be patient.My nerves calmed.“A light silver vapor should now be rising from your potions,” Severus called with ten minutes left in the class period.As it happened, I had just finished. The vapor, as he’d described it, was floating out of my cauldron in calming waves. Oh, how I wish I could take this potion and forget about all of my worries. But I can’t. I need to stay alert no matter how painful everything is.“Potter, what is this supposed to be?” I heard Severus ask.Draco, also finished with his potion, was one of all the rest of the Slytherins to look up with eagerness to watch Severus taunt Harry as per usual. Becky and I watched, but only because there was nothing to be done about it.“The Draught of Peace,” Harry responded.“Tell me, Potter, can you read?” he asked softly.Draco couldn’t contain his laughter as he let it burst.“Yes, I can,” Harry responded tensely.“Read the third line of the instructions for me, Potter.”Harry squinted at the blackboard, trying to carefully read what was on there, No wonder he messed it up. He needs a new pair of glasses. “‘Add powdered moonstone, stir three times counterclockwise, allow to simmer for seven minutes, then add two drops of syrup of hellebore.’”“Did you do everything on the third line, Potter?”His response was muttered softly.“I beg your pardon?”“No. I forgot the hellebore….”“I know you did, Potter, which means that this mess is utterly worthless. Evanesco.” The contents of his cauldron vanished. “Those of you who have managed to read the instructions, fill one flagon with a sample of your potion, label it clearly with your name, and bring it up to my desk for testing. Homework: twelve inches of parchment on the properties of moonstone and its uses in potion-making, to be handed in on Thursday.”I filled my flagon with my potion, wrote my name on it, and followed the rest of the class to hand him our potions for grading. When I reached him, he gave me a long look, so I stayed standing next to him while everyone walked out. With a flick of his wand, the door closed behind them.“What’s wrong?” he asked.“How long before Seraphina comes back again?” I asked back, not wanting to lie to his question.“Unfortunately…” Uh oh. “She sent me an owl and asked that you be told she’ll be gone for longer than expected. The Dark Lord has started planning for the Azkaban breakout, and needs all of her attention to be on that for the moment. But, not to worry, she’ll be here at the latest by Saturday night for your first lesson.”My heart dropped further down into my stomach. Not to worry? But I have an emergency! Oh no… I brought my hands up to my face.“Melody?”“I have detention with Umbridge tonight and Seraphina is not here!” I let out a hysterical laugh. “I don’t know what’s worse. That I have no protection for a few days or that I have to spend time alone with that fake woman.”His expression became serious, “What did you do, Melody? I told you to keep a low profile and stay on her good side —”“I slipped!” I cried. The ninth wall cracked and fell in my hysteria. The tears appeared in my eyes and fell as I blinked them away. I kept my hands covered over my face. Severus’ arms took me in gently and he rubbed my back as I cried it out… and he would never know why I was really crying. She’ll try to force obedience out of me and I have nothing to help me. No way to protect myself because, not only is she a teacher, but I’m not allowed to bring my wand. Otherwise someone I care about will get hurt. Why me?“Do you know what she’ll be asking you to do? I’m sure it can’t be too bad. There’s a conduct to follow —”“I don’t know what it is, and that’s the problem,” I pulled away from him, shaking but trying hard to steady myself and rub my eyes dry. “If the Ministry is so against me being here, then she could just be here to torture me for the whole school year — maybe even until I leave.”“Melody —”“I’m sorry, I know you think I’m overreacting… I’ll just go.” I quickly grabbed my bag, and ran out the door.“Melody!”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The afternoon classes passed by much faster than I had anticipated, the pit in my stomach thickened with every passing minute. What is she going to subject me to? Her hope is to force me under her will, but she obviously won’t be able to do that with any normal detention activity… it seems that she has her own personal vendetta far from the goal of the Ministry.“Why are you so lost in thought, Mel?” I heard Draco ask me curiously. We had just entered the Slytherin common room, everyone seated in there taking their first day’s worth of homework out to work on. “I mean, you’ve had detention before. You know it’s not the end of the world — I survived that trip into the Forbidden Forest so you can’t get much worse than that.”I forced a smile to my face, “Yeah, but the detentions I’ve had before were fake and don’t count for much of anything as I’ve so explained to you. The one going into the Forbidden Forest, I came with you so you wouldn’t feel alone. I don’t know what her intentions are for punishment, especially if she’s in from the Ministry. So long as she’s here, it sounds like she’s allowed to make whatever changes she deems necessary.”“I could come with you if you like —” Draco started to say.“No!... I mean.. no thanks, Draco.. I’ll.. I’ll be back for dinner.”I ran up the stairs and dropped my bag off in my dorm. I even left my wand as requested, though I knew I was going to miss it. I sighed, and made my way to my detention.When I knocked on her door, her poison-filled voice said, “Come in.” I opened the door to see her sitting behind her desk with a prunish smile on her face. “Close the door behind you and sit down, please.”The door closing behind me felt ominous, and I slowly made my way over to the chair in front of her to sit. “So, what is my punishment?”“You are going to be doing some lines for me, Miss Riddle.”“I’m sorry, what?” I couldn’t believe my luck. Just lines? I should have figured it would be simple, and I got scared over nothing. “But I didn’t bring anything for that, I —”“Oh, don’t worry,” she said, placing some sheets of parchment in front of me. “I have these, and a very special quill for you to use.” She handed me a long, thin black quill with a very unusually sharp tip. Like a knife. She leaned forward, “I want you to write ‘I must surrender’ on one line and ‘I must obey’ on the second line. Then repeat the process.”“For how long… and where’s the ink?”“As long as it takes for the message to sink in,” she said, leaning back now with a smug look. “I need you to write in small, but readable letters. Oh, and you won’t need any ink.”I looked down at the blank parchment before me, suddenly feeling apprehension. It can’t be this easy. I wrote: 'I must surrender on the first line' and 'I must obey' on the second.I inhaled a sharp gasp and dropped the quill, grabbing onto my wrist at the sudden pain to the back of my right hand — the one I was writing with. I looked at the parchment to see that the words I had scraped in were now colored with a dark, red ink. Is that…? I looked at the back of my hand to see those same words embedded in my skin as if someone had grabbed my hand and scratched them on. But then, the skin healed over, leaving my hand slightly red as though I had only accidentally bumped it against something.. my skin as smooth as it had always been.I looked at Umbridge with a dead fury. “What the hell?!”“You see, Miss Riddle, this exercise places full control in my hands over all of the students. Your power was meant to be used as a weapon… surely you didn’t believe that with the parents you had that you could live any type of normal life?”I gritted my teeth together as I stared at her. So this is what Seraphina meant…. “Everyone is already scared of you, so why not use that to your advantage? Now, would you prefer to continue or will you surrender? I’m being kind enough to give you the chance to decide now.”I can’t give in like that… I may be Slytherin, but I have more pride than that to just give in…. No! I’m the daughter of two of the darkest lords of all time, I will not go down like this! I glared at her as I picked up the quill and began the lines once more.She sighed, the smile never leaving her face as she shook her head. “Persistence does not get you anywhere, Miss Riddle.”“If persistence gets me nowhere, then it will do the same for you, Professor Umbridge. I will not be anybody’s human weapon.”“Oh, you will,” she said as I gasped once more at the words being etched back into my skin. “It’s only a matter of time before you will give in.”“We’ll see about that,” I growled, writing it again and flinching from the pain.“Agreed.”After what seemed forever, I finally heard her say, “Quill down, stand up.”My hand was shaking when I dropped the quill on the blood written parchment, and I pushed the chair back before standing. She walked around the desk to stand in front of me and look into my eyes.“Still determined not to take my offer, I see. But, your determination is already lacking —”“The only reason I’m doing anything you’re asking is because you’re my professor. Nothing more,” I responded angrily, glaring at her with utmost hatred. Ooh, when I’m strong enough to be dad’s ally, I’m coming after you first Umbridge!Her smile widened. “I knew that sweet persona wasn’t real… that isn’t something you have to hide anymore. Now that everyone knows your true parentage, you can let your — as they say — true colors spring free.”“They won’t be true colors if I let you control me as though I’m a weapon for you to use only to protect yourself.” I walked out of her office in a huff.“Be here tomorrow morning before breakfast, Miss Riddle,” she called after me.My fists clenched, This can’t be happening to me.

The end of the next morning’s torture session had Professor Umbridge closing the door with her wand before I could run out as I had planned to do ahead of time…. I wanted to do it before I exploded, but she wasn’t giving me that option.“What do you want now?” I asked irritably.“Just give in. Where is this source of persistence coming from for the daughter of —?”“What the hell does it matter to you?”“It matters a great deal. Don’t you understand? Giving in will benefit you more —”Can’t stop, I’m blowing up… “Shut up!” I screamed, closing my eyes tightly and putting my hands over my ears. The minute or so of silence actually felt like complete bliss as my mind raced furiously.. surprised by Umbridge’s lack of response. It was actually rather worrying.“What is going on here?”I opened my eyes in surprise to see Seraphina — well, Anastasia — in front of me, and Umbridge frozen beside her. What is this? “What — when did you — what did you —” I was at a loss for words. She is finally here… but what just happened?“I can’t even be gone for a day without something happening. Damn, I warned your father!” She walked up to me. “What did she do to you?”“Well, I —” I hardly had the chance to respond before she snagged my right hand to inspect it.Her face broiled into a storm of fury. “How dare she?.. It looks like it was done with a curse.. so it’s irreversible… Damn. At least it didn’t get to sit in too deep before I came. Gods, torturing a child! I said she was no good, didn’t I? Gods! What did she use?”I pointed out the quill that fell off the table in my attempt to run out as quickly as possible. “I’ve.. never heard of them before… I was writing these words on that piece of paper. There was no ink for it…. I’ve been writing in my own blood. Anything I write on the page gets written into my hand.”Seraphina picked up the quill and parchment to take a closer look.“How.. how did you find out I was here?… I thought you weren’t coming back until about Saturday?”“Well, I asked your friends of course. You’ve missed breakfast, and you might just miss your first class of the day. And then you let off a lot of magical energy, so I popped in here…. You’re actually quite lucky your father decided to finish the discussions early. Really early.”“Magical —?”“Well, you were so angry with this woman that you took control of her mind. She’s frozen now because you wanted her to, as you said, ‘shut up.’”I stared at Umbridge a moment in disbelief.. but the woman made no sound or movement to prove Seraphina wrong. “But I didn’t mean to take control of her mind.”“As it happens, this was one of the lessons that I wanted to teach you. As strong as your magic is, I figured you were bound to be able to do this.”“Except I didn’t even use the Imperius Curse! I don’t have my wand! I didn’t —”“Thanks to Crouch, you already have Dark magic flowing through your blood. There’s a lot you can do without a wand. Besides, most witches and wizards can’t get rid of the mindless magic they have before getting a wand in the first place — you know, that show of magic before getting the wonderful invitation to Hogwarts?” She put the quill and parchment down to look at me. “Now that I’m here, what you have to do is take control of this situation with her.”“I can’t,” I said through gritted teeth.She raised an eyebrow at me, “And why not? What is she holding over you? You can curse her to high hell.”“She’s a teacher —”“I’m sure that’s never held you back before, especially on fake teachers.” She waved her wand, “It’s easy to just scare her into submission to you. Rather than the other way around.” The door opened and my wand flew through into her other hand. The door closed once more.“I — I can’t,” I started to panic, backing away as she tried to hand me my wand.“What has she done to you?” I watched her face get confused, and then suspicious all within a few seconds.Oh, crap…. Well, whatever, I have to let something out to someone. “I — she threatened to hurt the people I care about!… There! You happy? She threatened to hurt Severus! Becky! Draco! Lissy!.. You! If I told anybody anything, or if I tried anything against her…. Ugh, so long as I have kept on refusing to do as she asked, I have to write those stupid words into my skin until I so-called ‘comply!’”The suspicion left her face. A look of surprise, instead — or is that awe? — crossed her features.“Yeah, I know, I have a heart — I can’t hide it when it comes to those I care about getting hurt. It hurts even more that I can’t tell anyone what’s been happening — again! I’ve been patiently waiting here for you to finish whatever it was that you were doing with dad, because I know you can help me. What do I do to fix this?”She smiled again, this time it was full of sincerity. “I already told you.. take control of this situation. Be fierce with her. The rest will fall into place.”I sighed a breath of relief as I realized she was speaking the truth. I have to be heartless, one way or another, in order to make this woman the least of my problems. Maybe I can trust Seraphina more than Severus and Professor Dumbledore believe. “Okay. How do I do that?”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛A short time later, Seraphina walked out the door with a wink in my direction before closing it behind her. I did as she instructed to remove the mind control off of Umbridge and relaxed my mind — sans the barriers — before reverting to what I had done when I first did the mind control, with my hands over my ears and my eyes shut tight.“Shut up? Your family and friends’ lives hang on the balance here, and you think you can tell me —”“Yes… I do…” I said sternly, raising my head up and opening my eyes to look at her. I dropped my hands to my sides with a heavy slap as I felt a familiar surge of dark energy flow through me. The feeling seemed to come despite the fact I hadn’t used Dark Magic in a while… but it gave me the confidence I needed to deal with the problem. “God, you make it so hard to try playing the quiet, heroic type.”She stood completely still. So still, I was almost worried I had control of her mind again. But then she spoke. “So it was all a ruse.”I sat down on the desk, “Oh, of course it was, idiot. But, there’s no keeping that up if you’re going to keep pestering me —”“Get off my desk —”“No,” I said with a big grin. I watched with glee as she nervously backed away from me — guessing correctly that my eyes must’ve turned red. “See here, you don’t get to play the big, bad wolf anymore. I don’t care what you do. I’m considered someone to fear anyways, as you liked to remind me during these disgusting sessions. However, no matter what you say after I leave this room, it doesn’t matter.”“Your friends are still on the line. Your sister, your cousin and that professor as well.”“I don’t care,” I said plainly. “You can do whatever you want to them. They’re just my coverup and, no matter what you say or do to them, they’ll still believe me over everything else. So what I suggest is that you leave me alone, and there will be no more issues.”She took her wand and pointed it at me. “You don’t have a —”I whistled, and her wand flew right out of her hand to mine. I can’t wait to see what other amazing tricks Seraphina has to teach me, I thought as I chuckled deeply, “What makes you think that I need mine in order to hurt you, let alone protect myself from you?”Her face went white. As fun as it would’ve been to start a duel with her with my wand, currently located in my robes, I wanted to get out of the room as quickly as possible.“I admit, it was very clever to hope that I’d be your weapon. But life is not always that simple as to torture somebody more powerful than you into being your weapon.” I threw her wand back to her. “I got to hand it to you, this will be a scar for life.. however minor. It’ll only show your failure at getting what you want.“Now… I’m going to walk out of here…” I gestured dramatically at the door, “and if you so much as do anything else to bother me again, I can tell the Ministry and Professor Dumbledore all about that quill and your plans to enslave me.”She snorted, “Like they’d believe you.”“Perhaps not me. But dozens of students, yes. I have a lot of power above them all now, Umbridge… and should you try anything again, I will do anything and everything I can to protect myself. I have nothing to lose. Good day.” I opened the door and walked out, satisfied with her horror-stricken face.Now to tell Becky and Draco about this… crap, and Severus too.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Seraphina and I walked into the Transfiguration classroom where Professor McGonagall was finishing her talk on the O.W.L.s. She looked up at me when I came in with such a stern look on her face that I felt shame.“Sorry, professor. I went to go find my cousin. She had left her room, so she got lost in the hallways.”The sternness left her face. “Don’t worry about it, Miss Riddle, that’s perfectly understandable. I was just explaining to the rest of your classmates about the importance of the O.W.L.s so you don’t have to worry about it.”Then what did you look at me like that for??“Actually…” I sat down next to Draco, with Seraphina sitting on my other side. “I have to retake the O.W.L.s. The Ministry considered my test null and void.”Her mouth set into a thin line, but she continued with her lesson nonetheless. “Today we are starting Vanishing Spells. These are easier than Conjuring Spells, which you would not usually attempt until N.E.W.T. level, but they are still among the most difficult magic you will be tested on in your O.W.L.”Once everyone had begun testing their luck on the Vanishing Spells — and I pretended to whisper in Italian to Seraphina on what to do — Professor McGonagall motioned me to the front of the classroom.“How could she be allowed to do that?” she whispered to me.“I don’t know. It was just what Professor Snape explained to me,” I replied in surprise. McGonagall is worried about me? “He said he copied my test, though, so I wouldn’t have to worry about my original scores being gone — but I have to take it all over again.”She tsked. “And I’ve heard she is not letting anyone use spellcasting in her classroom.”“She’s not. She expects everyone to read it in the book, and not practice the spells — as if they should be able to cast them without issue during the O.W.L.s. We’re not even learning Defense Against the Dark Arts… we’re basically learning the underlying, unnecessary concepts of it.”She hummed to herself irritably before asking, “How many more detentions do you have with her?”“This morning was my last…” thank God “I wasn’t trying to get —”“I know. Neither was Potter…” she said softly.I looked at her in surprise, “Harry got detention with her?”“Oh, yes. Tonight. And I will tell you as I told him. Misbehaviour in Dolores Umbridge’s class could cost you much more than House points and a detention.”I sighed, “I know. It’s just — I mean — she insulted — ah, forget it. I’ll be more careful from here on out.”She nodded, believing me. “Whatever she says, you can’t let it get to you. You seem to have better control over your temper than Potter, so keep it that way.”“Yes, professor… I believe in karma anyway.” I will get the woman back one way or another. Oh, yes, I will, I thought, ignoring the dumbfounded look on Professor McGonagall’s face.I sat back down in my seat to find that Seraphina and Becky had finished vanishing their snails. Draco’s was halfway between vanished and still solid. Greg and Vincent’s were not going invisible at all. I was surprised to see Blaise and Pansy come up to me with bubbly excitement that they had also vanished their snails.“Isn’t it great, Melody?” Pansy asked. And in a whisper, she continued, “Is this a good skill to have to follow you? We could learn how to vanish ourselves next, and be spies for you!”My eyes widened. “Well, both of you hold your horses. When I come up with my plan for being a Dark Witch, I’ll let you know… then you can decide whether or not you’ll still be happy working with me.”Not that it’ll save them from working for me, anyway.“Is there a difference between yours and your father’s?” Blaise asked curiously.“Oh yes,” I said, giving a glance to Seraphina. “A big difference. I just have to see if I can get away with it.”Double Charms came straight after double Transfiguration where Professor Flitwick also explained the importance of the O.W.L.s. After that, we spent more than an hour reviewing Summoning Charms. I had no homework in Transfiguration because I already knew how to do the Vanishing Spell — since Draco, Vincent and Greg had to practice it for homework — but Charms gave us the largest amount of homework yet.I wasn’t worried about it, but some people already looked like they were having heart attacks.It was during lunch that I explained everything that happened with Professor Umbridge in a whisper to Draco and Becky. They were absolutely mortified. “I know I should’ve told you anyway,” I said, wringing my hands nervously. “But I was freaking out, because I knew you would want to tell someone.. and if she found out I told you, then she would —”“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Becky said, breathing in and out very deeply as she patted my back. I almost wondered if she was patting my back to calm herself down rather than me. “But how did you get out of it?”“It’s all thanks to Seraphina, really….” I said quietly, giving a small smile at Seraphina.. who was more interested in looking at her food. More than likely, she was deep in thought. In a smaller whisper than before, I reviewed to Becky and Draco on what I’d said to Umbridge before telling them, “I’m kind of worried that I had to pretend like I didn’t care what she would do to you guys.. but Seraphina explained that if I acted like that, she wouldn’t care enough to come after you.”“That would be bad. I mean we are the prefects. She even asked us and all of the other prefects to basically spy for her by coming to her if we heard any so-called lies about You-Know-Who coming back.” Becky contemplated it, and then hugged me. “Oh, I’m so glad it worked out. I was starting to worry for a second that you were hiding things from us again. But, this time it was to protect us.”I shook my head, “It doesn’t completely work out until I get my revenge on her. But that’ll wait, I suppose… I will get it, though.”“Speaking of… are you really going to become a Dark Witch?” Becky asked curiously… almost worriedly.“Of course. Dad has his high expectations.. while I’m not worried about the O.W.L.s, I am worried about this. I want my own beliefs in my group. Ones that I can’t tell him. Like… I don’t believe in pureblood supremacy.”Draco gasped.“Now you act like you’re surprised?” I asked him, recalling the previous year at the Yule Ball when he admitted to knowing about my trips to the library with Hermione and the twins. I was still in shock about him being okay with it. “In any case, you know how I —”He pointed at Seraphina.I grinned. Oh, he’s worried about her listening in. “Actually, I don’t believe I have much to worry about when it comes to her.” I looked over at her. She was still lost in thought, but I had a feeling she was listening in. “I’m sure there’s a lot she knows about me already, and she hasn’t yet told my dad.”“Important word being yet.”Surprising how worried he sounds, I thought. That was when I realized he had hold of my right hand, him and Becky studying it carefully. Draco was running his thumb over the slight cut from Umbridge’s demon pen — I was so lucky it hadn’t set in too deep before Seraphina came to help me — and he did it in very soothing, circular motions.… But I quickly withdrew my hand and cleared my throat.“Well,” I said, “I want to see what I can do to win her over. I’m sure she certainly doesn’t care too much about how anyone runs things so long as she gets the power to do as she desires… or maybe there’s something deeper to it. I’ll have to find out. One thing’s for sure, I need to get working on how I want my group to be.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛After lunch was Care of Magical Creatures, the air outside shifting into a much cooler breeze. I felt the occasional drop of rain as we walked down the slope to Professor Hagrid’s hut — who was still not there. Professor Grubbly-Plank stood a ways away from his front door in wait for our class to get down the hill.Harry, Ron and Hermione were walking ahead of us and, once they reached her, Draco exclaimed, “Look, they must be so sad that their favorite oaf of a teacher still isn’t here.”Everyone around me except for Becky and Anastasia laughed. Anastasia looked confused for a second before she realized what was going on. I signaled both of my hands pointing between Harry and Draco, and then used those same fingers to mimic a wand duel. She had to hold in her chuckles.“Everyone here?” Professor Grubbly-Plank barked once we’d all gathered around her. “Let’s crack on then — who can tell me what these things are called?” She indicated what would look to just about anyone like a pile of twigs.Hermione’s hand shot into the hair. We were standing behind her, so Draco thought it ‘appropriate’ to mimic her by using his fingers like buck teeth and hopping up and down the way she did in her eagerness to answer questions. Pansy gave a shriek — almost scream — of laughter and elbowed me painfully in the ribs in her hysterical fit. She was so loud she caused said twigs to leap into the air and show their true form. The pixie-like bowtruckles.“Oooooh!” I heard from Gryffindor girls, Parvati and Lavender.Professor Grubbly-Plank scattered a handful of woodlice among the bowtruckles, who immediately dived for the food as she said, “Kindly keep your voices down, girls! So — anyone know the names of these creatures? Miss Granger?”“Bowtruckles,” Hermione responded. “They’re tree-guardians, usually living in wand-trees.”“Five points for Gryffindor. Yes, these are bowtruckles and, as Miss Granger rightly says, they generally live in trees whose wood is of wand quality. Anybody know what they eat?”“Woodlice. But fairy eggs if they can get them.”She just does not want anyone else to answer, does she? I thought with a small chuckle. It’s such a mystery why she’s in Gryffindor and not Ravenclaw.“Good girl, take another five points. So whenever you need leaves or wood from a tree in which a bowtruckle lodges, it is wise to have a gift of wood lice ready to distract or placate it. They may not look dangerous, but if angered they will gouge out human eyes with their fingers, which, as you can see, are very sharp and not at all desirable near the eyeballs. So if you’d like to gather closer, take a few woodlice and a bowtruckle — I have enough here for one between three — you can study them more closely. I want a sketch from each one of you with all body parts labeled by the end of the lesson.”Everyone surged forward. Draco agreed to grab two since he was eager to partner up with the boys, Becky, Anastasia, and myself. We sat down somewhere and took out quill, ink and parchment while we waited for him to come back. When he did, he was smirking in Harry’s direction as he gave us a small bowtruckle and used the largest for him and the boys.“Hold up. Why do you get the biggest?” Becky asked.He looked at her like it was an obvious answer, “Because I got the bowtruckles for all of us in the first place. It’s very hard when everyone is up there, so I deserve the best.”“Uh, no, I want to switch!”“Hell no!”Seraphina and I were already working on our bowtruckle pictures. I was holding it as she drew it. I told Becky, “Switch or not, you may want to start drawing yours before Anastasia finishes.“Ooohh!” she said with an angry growl, leaving Draco alone to start working on her picture.As we worked, I couldn’t help noticing Draco give small glances over at Harry’s group. They were closer to us than I had first realized, so it hit me that he was most likely listening in on what they were saying.“I wonder if Hagrid is ever coming back,” Becky noted conversationally.“Hopefully he can’t,” Greg said.As we all finished with our drawings, Draco gave a knowledgeable smirk.“Yes,” he spoke loudly, so it carried over to Harry’s group. “Father was talking to the Minister just a couple of days ago, you know, and it sounds as though the Ministry’s really determined to crack down on substandard teaching in this place. So even if that overgrown moron does show up again, he’ll probably be sent packing straight away.”Greg and Vincent laughed goofily, but they weren’t loud enough to cover Harry’s loud, “Ouch!”I looked over curiously to see that the bowtruckle had swiped him, leaving two deep cuts in the palm of his hand, and then set off at full speed into the Forbidden Forest. I could only guess that he had accidentally squeezed it in his anger toward Draco… Professor McGonagall was right about one thing. Harry’s temper easily went through the roof, and it was getting him into deeper trouble than he needed to be.I groaned, News for dad to enjoy.The bell rang in the distance and most people stood up to quickly leave, not even finished with their bowtruckle drawings. Our group handed our drawings to Professor Grubbly-Plank before setting off toward the castle… but then Anastasia and I got called back because my dear cousin had written her paper in Italian. The professor did not understand why I was laughing so hard while trying to explain that she and I had the same exact labels.

Friday came faster than I had expected. Since I finally had nothing to worry about in accords to Professor Umbridge, everything was going a little more smoothly. Classes weren’t anything new because I had already learned the O.W.L. levels for each of them. The most I had been learning that was new was everything going on in Ancient Runes and Care of Magical Creatures.Once the afternoon classes were over, Seraphina surprised me when she told me to promptly drop my bag off in my dorm and follow her. I followed her down the hallways in slight confusion.“What’s going on?”“Your father wants to see you.”“Uh… well, I don’t know how we’re supposed to get off of Hogwarts’ premises without permission….”“We have Dumbles’ permission, don’t worry about it. Umbitch is in the middle of her detention with Sir Potty-Mouth, so it’ll be an easy trip under the radar if we leave now.”I was impressed. “Professor Dumbledore is okay with this?”“Well, no I lied,” she said, almost causing me to slap myself in the face for believing her. “When I brought the news to him, he blatantly refused. But he is so busy worrying about everything Harry Potter related that I know he won’t notice you’ve disappeared. I have permission to come and go as I please, because of my meetings with your father…. Just stay close.”I sped up to walk side by side with her, wondering what dad could possibly want to talk about… and silently hoping that Harry was okay, knowing the type of punishment Umbridge was subjecting him to. It’s about his third day doing it with her too, if I recall correctly, so whatever he has to write into the back of his hand is going to scar badly… I feel bad that I can’t do anything to stop it. It’d be too suspicious to her.“If he’s expecting a status report on my followers,” I said, “I haven’t exactly gotten far for the first week back to school.”She waved her hand, “Nonsense, you’ve gotten farther than he should ever expect…You’ve branched out.”I raised an eyebrow at her. “Right… let’s see, I have Draco and Becky for sure. Probably Greg and Vincent, and only a possibility for Blaise, Millicent and Pansy.”She shook her head. “You have all of them. The key to having people say they’ll follow you is that, even if they don’t like where you’re going, you have to blackmail them into staying loyal no matter what.”“That’s what you and dad do?”“Yup!” she was fairly eager to reply. “Very effective way to keep them. Either they stay loyal to you for life, or they die.”Figures.. “There are other ways of effectiveness, too. I could try those.”“Like what?”“The quill.”She laughed heartily, her features turning from Anastasia back into herself with quick succession as we walked.We reached the other end of the gate, and I took Seraphina’s arm as she Disapparated to Crabbe Chateau in the gardens where dad waited for us.“Melody,” he said instantly, walking toward me with his arms outstretched.Okay… I thought as his arms went around me in a hug, last time he put an arm around my shoulder, now he’s giving me an awkward hug. Is he trying to be more loving? I thought he said it was a weakness… What is he doing?“Hi.. dad… What’s going on?” I asked, deciding to put my arms around him to try hugging back. He really didn’t know what he was doing, the way he patted my back almost felt like someone had just died, and he was trying very poorly to make me feel better.When he withdrew, he instantly grabbed my right hand to look at it more closely. Oh, wow… “Explain this to me.”“Well, it didn’t set in all the way. I think the quill is supposed to be more effective if it’s done often enough to sink in more deeply, but luckily Seraphina didn’t let it go too far.”“What happened?”I sighed and told him about the detentions, what the quill did and when Seraphina stepped in — excluding me freaking out about the safety of the people I care about, of course. “I didn’t know what to do, so I sat down to wait until Seraphina could come back.”“I would have thought you knew what to do in that situation,” he sounded irritated.I gently pulled my hand out of his, trying not to get just as irritated with him. “Everybody has been telling me to lay low because she’s a Ministry official. In which case, I thought it best to keep down until I had further instructions. I wouldn’t want to act out of turn, and ruin your return to power.”He smiled, “I see… Very smart.”I should have said your attempt at returning to power, I thought bitterly. “In any case, it should be good to know that I’m capable of dealing with torture.”“Very,” he agreed with a nod. “Which is why I wonder how far you’ve gone in what I asked of you?”“Well, first things first, Harry is getting into trouble very easily this year. That Umbridge woman has given him the same detention all this week, and it’s because he lets his anger get the best of him — if you want to use that to your advantage in future confrontations, be my guest. He has all of the Gryffindor qualities.“Secondly, I have,” I counted everyone off on my fingers, “seven followers already —”He had smiled knowingly at my first point… but by my second point it had dissolved into a frown. “Not all of Slytherin House?”My mouth set in a thin line, “As much as I’d like to threaten everybody to follow or die, I’m still under Ministry supervision, which makes it especially difficult while that Umbridge woman happened to be in Slytherin when she went to Hogwarts. Not only that, but if everyone in Slytherin House disappears under strange circumstances, I would be the first person they’d look at considering everything that’s happened.”He growled but nodded in agreement. God, no wonder Professor Dumbledore could see right through him. He seems to have a hard time thinking things through before acting.“The rest of it is hard to think through. I have the people, but I don’t want to copy you by tattooing everybody. And then.. what kind of name would I choose?”“You’ll figure it out, I’m sure,” he brushed it off before turning to Seraphina, gesturing pointedly at my hand. “Make sure this does not happen again.”She laughed, “I’m not to blame for this one. You’re the one that requested I leave the castle in the first place. Luckily you ended the meeting earlier than expected —”He gave her a dangerous look. “I am not to blame. I put you in charge to watch her. Figure it out.”She rolled her eyes, “Whatever, Voldy. That only means that I must decline all your orders to come meet.”His displeased hiss sounded like it packed a snake bite with it, “Fine, you child.”I raised an eyebrow between the two of them. “It won’t do me well if the adults I have taking care of me are both children.. then what does it make me?”It surprised me that they both laughed at this. So, I could not help it, I laughed with them. That was a pretty unique moment for me to see dad’s face crinkle with laughter… normal laughter at that…. How would any of this have gone if mom had stayed with him and let him raise me, too? How would I have been?“But…” dad continued once he’d stopped laughing, “to the matter at hand, Melody. If this woman is really planning on doing this to all of the students, then it would not be something Fudge allowed. She is doing it in secret.”“Probably,” I agreed. “What are you thinking?”“She was in Slytherin, as you say, so her thinking is the same… use her as your first test of being my ally.”My heart stopped in my chest. “What are you saying?”“She’s a Ministry woman rising in the ranks at a considerable speed according to Lucius. She certainly wants strength and power if her threat for you to be her secret weapon is any indication.“Give her this option… when she agrees to assist me in anything I ask, and also knows to leave you alone and allow you free reign to form your follows… that when I rise enough to overtake the Ministry, she can be in charge of very important affairs there.” An evil smile covered his face.My stomach felt like it wanted to burst. I kept my voice as calm as I could, “You’re planning to take control of the Ministry? Is that what the meetings have been about?”“Yes,” he replied proudly.“When?”“That detail hasn’t been worked out quite yet, but we’ll see. By that time, I’m hoping that you will be strong enough to help infiltrate it.”“Exciting,” I said with a smile. Crap. “Well, I know how to —” I was going to talk about my mind control.But Seraphina cut me off. “She knows how to strategize very well. You’re quite lucky to have her brains on your team —”“And what is that supposed to mean?” dad looked at her dangerously. “She got her brains from me!”“Your brains aren’t good enough,” she tsked. “It’s partly Orele’s too.”“No. Orele hated learning. She would only learn what would put her in control.”Are we really having an argument about whose brain I have?… I’m confused why Seraphina won’t let me tell dad about my mind control.She sighed dramatically. “Agree to disagree, Voldy. Anyway, we really must be getting back. Dumbles’ head will blow if Melody is gone too long.”“Fine. I will call for you two another time,” he said evenly with a last glare at her. He then turned to me and said, “Make better progress on your project.”“Yes, dad.”He ruffled my hair with his hand, “There’s my girl.”“Yeah, yeah, enough sentiments,” Seraphina said, holding her arm out to me.“What are you implying?” dad asked her furiously.But at that moment, I grabbed hold of her arm and she Disapparated us back to the castle. She set off to walk across the grounds, the moon shining brightly on our path. I was surprised time had passed by that quickly while we were away.“Why did you interrupt me before?” I asked curiously.“Oh, dearie,” she said with a sigh, walking so fast that I felt like I had to run to catch up. She slowly changed into the form of Anastasia as we moved. “Your father doesn’t know everything there is to Dark Magic.”My eyes widened. “Are you serious? He studied the Dark Arts for years, how is it that you know more than he does?”She grinned, “He has only traveled all over Europe.”“So… you’ve traveled the world?”“I’ve traveled so much further than just the world… but that’s a story for another time. As fun as it would be to show off your magical skills to him, I think if you want to surpass him it would be best that we keep most of our lessons between us.”“Why —”She stopped in her tracks and turned to look at me. “Don’t tell me you trust him?”I was taken aback by her suddenness and stared at her in disbelief. “I —”“As much as he may care for you, he will not let that blind him if you become a threat to his power! Any attempt at becoming more powerful than him and he will not hesitate —”“I know!” I shouted, making her look back at me in surprise. I took a deep breath, closing my eyes before continuing in as low a tone as I could muster, “I know… I’m not oblivious. He killed my mom.” My fists clenched tightly as I felt anger suddenly surge through me at the memory. “I know that being his daughter does not change his attitude toward being afraid of me becoming more powerful than him. That’s why he’s so scared of you, because he can’t defeat you… it’s why he sent you to Hogwarts with me. He expected Professor Dumbledore to somehow capture or kill you.”I looked down at the ground trying to keep my anger under control, but images of dad’s wand going up with the green flash of light and mom’s body lifeless on the ground popped up at the forefront of my mind. I struggled to keep the walls up but the cracks deepened through each and every single one of them, causing the images to just spring forth and give me pain both in my head and heart. What’s going on with me? I thought in a panic. Why do I feel so angry, sad and guilty all at once?A hand touched my shoulder and what seemed like ice swept through my body in large waves until I felt numb both body and mind. I opened my eyes to see that Seraphina’s eyes had changed from an electric blue to a clear ice blue… and then slowly turned back.“What did you just do?”“I might be entertaining guesswork here, but I thought you weren’t ready to take down those last eight walls yet,” she said with a small smile.I chuckled softly, “Well, you did warn me that it would be only too easy to break down. I guess my mind has nearly reached its limit….” My heart dropped, “As much as I wanted to push it off, I’ll have to take it down sometime soon, I guess.” I continued walking toward the castle, Seraphina walking beside me.Seraphina shrugged. “If you want to keep it going, I can always use my water element.”“Your — huh?”“That skill I just used to cool your blood is one of the lessons I’ll be teaching you. You can’t water bend, but what you do have is mental manipulation — what I shortened to you as mind control. It’s one of the more rare elements, but you’ve got it.”My eyes widened, “Is it a skill everyone is born with?”“Yes, but few can truly access it,” she responded proudly. “Many never figure out how to achieve strength in that field. So many people ended up in St. Mungo’s Hospital with fire, water or air injuries because the unknowing elementals didn’t properly learn how to reverse the magic they used in anger by accident — like with Umbridge. Yours had been done with concentration — lose that concentration, and the spell on them is basically broken.”“Which was why you told me to relax my brain… but if your element is water, how did it seep into my blood?”“I have the rarest magic, and that is that water has the ability to control through blood manipulation. Did I ever mention to you that I am a skilled necromancer?” I shook my head at her question. “Well, my ability to bend water is why. It’s such a Dark Art that very few people have been able to do it over thousands of years — such as Morgan LeFay.”“Wow,” I said, holding my hand to my head. It hurts…… “Well, I’m going to go lay down. This is a lot to take in.”“Of cour —”“Miss Capitani! Miss Riddle!” I suddenly heard.My head pounded even more dangerously at the sharp tone, reminding me painfully of the year I received a concussion, and I looked up to see Severus storming down the stone steps. He was absolutely infuriated. Luckily, since no one else was supposed to know what really happened, his voice lowered to an angry whisper. Directed at Seraphina.“How dare you take Melody to the Dark Lord against Dumbledore’s orders! It was hard enough to get you in to the castle, I’m not sure I even want to defend your idiocy to him for pulling such a low act.. even for you.”“Ooh, touchy are we?” she asked humorously.“This is not even remotely funny! What would’ve happened if Umbridge found out she was missing? This is no game, Seraphina!”“Oh, leave her alone!” I said, just as quiet and dangerous. “What was she supposed to do, tell him no? He wanted to be sure I was okay after the whole fiasco with Umbridge’s detentions.”He looked at me with worry, “Are you all right, Melody? You look pale…”“Go, dearie,” Seraphina said seriously. “Go lay down; relax and sleep. Your barriers will stay up if you don’t let your temperature rise. I can handle Snape on my own.”I nodded and began my slow trek up the stone steps, through the hallways, and down to the dungeons. At least the air in the dungeons feels cool…but now I’m freezing… I can’t use the warmth spell or my body might rise to temperatures I don’t want. I just need to keep these walls up a little bit longer, I swear.I reached the entrance to the Slytherin common room, said “Amortentia,” and slowly walked in. Almost there, Melody, almost there…… Huh?“You’re finally back,” I heard the familiar drawl.“Draco? What are you doing up?”He stood from his favorite armchair to walk toward me, “I was waiting for you… what happened?”“Just a.. a visit to dad…” I replied uncomfortably as he drew nearer. Damnit, this is not the time! I already feel hotter! He stood in front of me, his gray eyes curious. “I have a splitting headache now, too, so I’m just going to go to bed. Good nigh—”I tried to walk past him, but he grabbed my arm before I could completely make it. “Oh, no you don’t,” he whispered. “I’ve been trying to talk to you, you know. Now that we’re alone, I can do whatever is necessary to keep you in the same room with me until we get this situation figured out.”I growled, “What situation, there’s no —” I gasped as he pushed me in front of him. I tried to push forward, but he slowly kept on pushing me back. My legs kept backing up with no way to move anywhere else. “Draco, where the hell is this strength coming from?”He sighed, “Becky knew you would do anything and everything you could to get out of this, so she swiped a strength potion from Snape’s shop.”And my friend is supposed to be on my side! “There’s nothing to talk about,” I said as my back touched the wall. Suddenly I felt as though I were suffocating — what is he doing?“Let go of me or I’ll — I’ll — I’ll hex you!” I said irritably, my body heat rising significantly. I inwardly freaked out at the instability of my barriers.“No, you won’t,” he said, stroking my cheek softly with his thumb.

“Why do you keep on pushing us away — me away?”“It’s the way things have to be — now, let me go!”“No.”“Then I will hex you.”His hands were at my wrists before I could grab my wand. Both were brought above my head. As much as I struggled, I couldn’t break free. I looked down at my feet to hide the burning sensation in my cheeks. I wasn’t prepared for this!“Now what?” he asked.“I still know some wandless magic. I’ll only hex you using that if you don’t let me go.”“I don’t believe you.”“Urgh, why not?”“If you wanted to do it, then why haven’t you already done so?”“I’m trying to give you a chance here!”“Melody, just talk to me.”“No! Let me go, Draco!”“You can’t hurt me.”“Oh, how naive are you? I could bring you down with one spell! Now let me go before I’m forced to —”“Then do it.”“Don’t tempt me!”“I want to talk, so we’re going to talk. If you’re going to hurt me, then do it already. If you have no problem doing that, then I’ll know the answer to the problem that’s been bugging me since we broke up. Do it, Melody!”My head pounded dangerously, but as much as I tried to summon up a spell in my mind….. I couldn’t bring anything together to pose any harm to him. My attempts were such horrible failures, and with his constant persistence.. everything finally caused me to explode.“Fine!… I can’t bear to hurt you! What point are you trying to make here?”“I wanted to see if what Snape said was true. That you were scared you would harm me the same way…” he trailed off, but I knew what he meant. Why did Severus tell him that?I slowly looked up into his eyes, staring down at me with such intensity that my nerves tangled into a knot. “The way you looked at me that day, though…. Your fear of me.”“Melody, you idiot, I could never be afraid of you the way everyone’s afraid of your father. I care about you!” We stood in tense silence for a few moments as his words sunk in before he continued. “You’re the same girl you’ve always been, no matter who your father is. Your ideals are different from his! Your heart is different from him!“Flint tried to scare me before — did you know that? — he tried to make me believe that you don’t know what it is to care about someone, but that’s a lie! I know you! You care about your family! You care about your friends! I know the day we broke up hurt you more than you are willing to admit! I’m here for you! All you have to do is just let me in!” His voice broke slightly on his last sentence, revealing an emotion I was no longer equipped to ignore.My heart fluttered painfully against my chest and stomach. I struggled both to keep my broken barriers up, and to get out of his strong grip. I felt tears fall slowly down my face in my weak efforts. “Let me go.. please, let me go,” I practically sobbed. My emotions were skyrocketing through my brain in such loops that it scared me.“No,” he said calmly, leaning towards me so his forehead rested against mine. When was the last time he and I got this close? I feel like all the air around me has been sucked away.He leaned yet further and gently placed his lips against my own… but yet, as gentle as it was, every single one of my barriers came crashing down. One after the other. 8.. 7.. 6.. 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1… Nothing. Draco let go of my wrists, pulling away just in time for me to burst into heavy tears and bury my face in his chest. He wrapped his arms comfortingly around me, his body cozy and his arms giving me the heavy sensation of protection.“How do you feel about me now, Mel?”“I — I — I do c-care about you,” I mumbled almost incoherently.He chuckled, “I knew it,” and pulled me closer — to the point that his citrusy cologne surrounded me in waves. I found myself shamelessly hoping it’d rub off on me.So many different emotions confused my mind at once — all of the ones I had felt while talking to Seraphina except in bigger, more painful waves. “I’m — I’m — I’m sorry f-for ass-ss-ssuming you w-wouldn’t want m-me.”“That’s okay, Quirrell.”“Oh, sh-shut up,” I couldn’t help my small laugh. I wiped my tears off my face.He rested his chin on top of my head, “Are you feeling better?”“A little…” I responded softly, sniffling a little. “Can… can I stay with you tonight? I…… I don’t want to be alone anymore.”“Yes, Mel, of course you can.”

Becky ran into the boys’ dormitory in a panic. “Draco, she’s not in our dorm! Did you —” she pulled open the curtains to Draco’s bed and paused before meekly finishing, “… get to talk to her?”

Before her, Draco was asleep on his back with his arm draped around Melody, who was fast asleep with her head against his chest and her arm wrapped around his stomach.

Draco’s eyes slowly opened, and he looked back at her groggily, “Whaddaya want?”

“It… worked better than even

expected,” she replied with her cheshire grin. “I had thought, since she wasn’t in her bed, that she didn’t come back last night. I was about to say that I am not stealing another strength potion for you.”

“Really? That’s too bad. If she hadn’t shown up, I wouldn’t have known that the potion would work wonders for getting her to listen to me.”

“Oh?” Becky looked down at Melody curiously, and then couldn’t help her awe and relief. “Would you look at that?”

“What?” Draco craned his neck to look at the sleeping girl.

“She’s… smiling. Lately, I’ve seen her constantly wake up from a nightmare. Or she’ll be frowning in her sleep…. What else happened?”

“Snape told me everything that’s been worrying her… she put up so many barriers in her mind after her mother’s death that it’s been hard for her to take them down. A hug helps her take down one, so I decided to test out how much a kiss would destroy. She had eight left… before she fell asleep, I asked her how many I took down and she said ‘all of them.’”

“Wow.. wait, why would Snape tell you that? He didn’t know I took the strength potion.”

Draco snorted with laughter. “Oh, he knew.”

“But how? I was so sneaky with it!”

“Relax, dimwit, you’re not going to get in trouble for it.”

She glared at him, and gave a long glance at Melody.

“Hah!” he said triumphantly, placing a soft kiss on Melody’s head. “You can’t hit me with her in the way.”

“I’ll just wake her up,” she taunted.

He pulled Melody’s small frame closer. He had grown about a foot taller than her since they were last together, so she almost looked like a dwarf next to him. “Let her sleep. It’s Saturday and, according to you and Snape, it looks like she needed it.”

Becky pouted, “True… well Lissy, Trixy and I will go get you two some breakfast. That way, she can eat when she wakes up. They wanted to show her something important.” She stood to leave.

“Fine, but close my curtains before you do.”

She rolled her eyes, “Okay, but now is really not the time to get freaky on her.”

“Shut up! She wanted it closed.”

“Yeah, yeah, blame her,” she said, closing the curtain back up.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I slowly opened my eyes, at first surprised by how dark it was when I felt so refreshed. But then I remembered that the curtains of the four poster were closed, and I hadn’t even slept in my own bed. I lifted my head to see Draco looking at me with a smile.“You’re awake.”I rubbed my eyes with a yawn, “How long have I been out?”“The girls left for breakfast a while ago if that explains anything.”“Oh, why didn’t you wake me up? You must’ve —” I said in embarrassment, moving to sit up. But the hand that held my waist pulled me back down. “Oof! Ah, come on, that strength potion should’ve worn off by now.”He laughed, “It did. I don’t think you really tried getting up.”“Don’t you want to get up and stretch? I’m sure you can’t be comfortable after Becky woke you up so early.”Draco looked at me in confusion, “You were asleep, how do you know that?”“How else do you think I witnessed my mom’s death?” I asked.“Oh…” his cheeks reddened. “Sorry for asking.”I giggled softly, burying my face in his chest. “It’s okay. I let out all the pain I’d been holding in for the past few months last night…… Thank you.”He pulled me closer, “Good.”We lay in comfortable silence for a few minutes, the sound of him breathing and his heart beating soothing my nerves. For the first time in months, I finally felt like a weight was lifted off my shoulders… and it was pure perfection.“Can I consider us as being together again?” he asked suddenly.I lifted my head to look at him — he stared back just as intently. “Yeah..” I said with a small smile. “If you’ll have me… I’m sorry, I bro —”He cut me off with a leisurely kiss on the lips, causing me to forget my train of thoughts as I got lost in the feeling.“Sorry to ruin your moment,” a humored voice said, accompanied by a loud thud that sounded off next to us. “But Trixy and I have something to show you.”We jumped and looked up to see Lissy and Trixy staring down at us with hardly contained excitement. Draco groaned as I eagerly sat up to look at the large pile of newspapers they had dropped next to us.“Are these what I think they are?” I asked curiously, my excitement matching theirs in boatloads.“If you’re thinking that these are the articles about the Predator I told you about, then they are exactly what you think they are,” Lissy said triumphantly. “We have to bring them back to the library though, so Madam Pince can account for everything. But that shouldn’t be a problem right?”“No, no problem at all. Being in the library will help me clear my mind.”“That will be where I take my leave,” Draco said with a sigh, sitting up as well.“Where are you going?” I asked pointedly“Gryffindors have Quidditch practice today, and Weasley just made the team. I’m going to have some fun.”I rolled my eyes, but merely stood and tried to pick up the papers. “Oi, this is heavy,” I waved my wand lazily at it so it levitated next to me.Draco gave a look of pure joy as he sped next to the papers and held one hand underneath them as if he were holding them up himself.“What are you —?” I started to ask, having a hard time holding back my laughter, when Becky walked in the door with two plates of food in her hands.She narrowed her eyes at him and, without blinking, looked from him to my wand. “You’re not fooling me. Blimey, don’t you realize I know you, you weak bastard?”He frowned, “How d’you it’s not the strength potion still working?”“Oh, please. It has long since worn off.” She came into the room, and handed us our plates with her Cheshire grin. “I figure since you feel so much better that you might want a lot of food.”I looked at the plate covered in heaps of pancakes and eggs, surprised to feel my mouth water like crazy. “And you are absolutely right,” I said, stowing my wand away before stuffing my mouth with as much food as it could fit. “Thank you,” I said in between bites.“No problem. Hey, at least you’re finishing it quickly. We’ve got to get to the library —”Trixy tapped my shoulder for attention. She was deaf, so in order to know what she was saying her mom put a special spell on her. The words she would sign appeared in front of her so others could read what she was saying, and — vice versa — words appeared only to her as we spoke. “How is this still in midair?” she signed to me in wonder, walking around the newspapers in puzzlement.“Mhmm?” I questioned, my mouth full of pancakes. After swallowing, I said, “We’ve all still got wandless magic inside of us. Wands are basically crutches, but I’m only on the basics of figuring out how to do without it.”“Figuring it out? Are you sure you’ve not mastered it?”“There’s more than just levitation. That’s the easy part… hey, where are Vincent and Greg?”“Should still be eating breakfast,” Becky said with a scowl. “You know these boys, always thinking with their stomachs.”“And we know you, always thinking with — oh, wait, you don’t think,” Draco said impishly.Becky chased him out of the room shouting every profanity at him she could think of.Hmm.. I thought curiously. The tables have truly turned between them… Becky usually wins the battles….⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Jeez..” I said softly as I perused the articles in the library with Becky. Lissy and Trixy decided to leave to get to work on their homework, excessively more worried about surviving the school year with good grades than anything else.“What did you find?” Becky asked.“What haven’t I found?… Mom was nearly as bad as dad. Look at how many deaths were caused by her, and.. and she would leave an eagle feather on the bodies as proof that she was behind it.”Becky couldn’t help her giggling. “I’m sorry — I-I’m horrible — it’s just that I can’t imagine your mum doing that. She was always so nice.”“Things are not always what they seem…” I mumbled begrudgingly. “There was a picture of her at Severus’ house that showed the face of a girl more driven by her goals than the woman I remember raising me.”“Having a kid changes a lot. My mum always tells us that before we were born, she and dad were complete hoodlums,” she laughed.“I can see why you guys would find that funny when they seem so strict against that sort of stuff now,” I replied with a smile. “Every time I’m over there, all I hear is them yelling down your throats about how easy it is to destroy your futures.”“Oh yeah, we’ve heard that talk over a billion times now.”My mind did a backflip, “Wait.. back to what you first said. What was my mom going to do if she didn’t become pregnant with me?”“Beats me,” she shrugged cluelessly. “You say it was as if she had a plan for being killed by your dad. Without you, she would have stayed and probably died all the sooner.”I brought my hand up to my mouth, my other arm crossed over my chest as I fell into deep thought.“Oh! I’m sorry —”“Hmm?” I looked up at Becky in surprise as she looked completely mortified.“I didn’t mean to say that so blatantly, I’m so —”“Whoa whoa, wait,” I said with a small smile. “You don’t seriously think that offended me, do you?”She didn’t respond as she could only look down at her hands in utter shame.“No, look at me, see?” I gave her a big grin as she returned her gaze to me. “I’m all right. With those barriers all taken down — if you remember what Draco told you about this morning — I’m all better.”“Oh,” she sighed with relief. “Then what was that frown on your face?”“I’m just curious if she really did always have this plan on her mind. You got to admit, a lot of planning had to go into what she’s done.. but then surely not even she knew that she and dad would fall in love.”“Well no, that’s never planned out,” Becky said thoughtfully. “But plans do change. It would have started out one way and, as everything went along, it turned into proving something else…. What she was proving is the real question.”Before I could even think to respond, Hermione sat down with us. “What’s going on here?”“Well..” I tried to quickly gather up the papers, but she merely snatched one of them from the pile to look through it.“What are you looking —?” Then she found it, swiftly turning to me with a reproachful look. “Melody, why are you looking into this? This is really something you should leave alone!”As Becky’s head was still deep in the paper — as if hiding from the Gryffindor girl while she looked at me — I glanced over at her and put my finger over my lips as a motion to not say anything.I sighed, turning to Hermione as I replied. “Come on, Hermione. You, of all people, are telling me to leave something like this alone?”I could see her cheeks burn a bright red as she slammed the paper down angrily. “This is different!”“Different, huh?…. Oh yeah, that’s right. You and the boys were meddling in business that was not yours, whereas this is my business.”If possible, it was as if her cheeks got even redder. She had no response.I almost smiled at how well I could get to her, but I pushed it down and merely groaned. Got to play nice with the Gryffindors for now until I have to play evil. “Sorry, that was uncalled for.”“Tha — that’s all right,” Hermione said, mustering a smile. “I’m sorry, too, it’s just it feels like it’s a bit too soon for you to be looking at this.”“I’m fine. I’m trying to strategize whatever my mom had been thinking at the time, but at the moment I’ve got nothing. No one in their right mind would consciously create life with someone so evil…”Hermione was silent.“You see these papers, they prove she had evil in her as well…. Why did she change that when she was pregnant with me?” Hermione’s input might be as good as any.She shuffled uncomfortably, “What if she didn’t change that?”My eyes widened. This is unexpected. “What do you mean?”“What if she’d been intending on inducting you into his army once you’d gotten older? I can’t claim to know your mother, but one thing’s certain is that she went to see You-Know-Who that day willingly. Maybe she meant to discuss it with him but he was so angry at her for disappearing for so many years with you, that he killed her?”I could only stare at her wide-eyed and open-mouthed. Is this what she really thinks of my mother?“You’ve got to admit, her going to see him is very suspicious. There’s no other way to describe it except that she planned to return to him with you in tow.”My brow furrowed. “He’s been trying over the past four years to get a hold of me, and yet you’re telling me she was just now going to talk to him about the two of us helping him to power?”“She couldn’t very well help him before in the state he was in. After finding out he had been restored to full body and strength, that was her chance to repent.”I inwardly rolled my eyes, but had to admit to myself that that would’ve been a pretty good deduction if it were true. “Hermione, she never taught me any type of Dark Magic… she raised me with love.”“You never know what her methods were. You’ve still got some of the strongest magic anyone has ever seen. Perhaps, because of the love you’ve grown up with, it has made you a stronger witch. Strong enough to fight alongside You-Know-Who and help him win.”My fists tightened uncontrollably, so I took a deep breath. “I refuse that theory, so this conversation is over. What did you come up to the library for? I thought the Gryffindor Quidditch team was having their first practice today?”Hermione was surprised by my wording, but her plan must have succeeded because she pulled today’s newspaper out of her bag and pointed out one story before reading aloud. “‘The Ministry of Magic has received a tip-off from a reliable source that Sirius Black, notorious mass murderer… blah blah blah…” she skipped down, “is currently hiding in London…. Ministry warns Wizarding community that Black is very dangerous… killed thirteen people… broke out of Azkaban.’ It’s the usual, but still, Sirius has to make sure he never leaves the house again. Lucius Malfoy saw him at King’s Cross, and —”“And because of Wormtail, everyone knows his form as a big black dog,” I finished, my heart sinking. He only wanted to see his godson off…“Exactly… and there’s also this.” She pointed to a column barely an inch long sitting underneath an advertisement for Madam Malkin’s robe shop.TRESPASS AT MINISTRYSturgis Podmore, 38, of number two, LaburnumGardens, Clapham, has appeared in front of theWizengamot charged with trespass and attemptedrobbery at the Ministry of Magic on 31st August.Podmore was arrested by Ministry of Magic watchwizardEric Munch, who found him attempting toforce his way through a top-security door at oneo’clock in the morning. Podmore, who refused tospeak in his own defense, was convicted on bothcharges and sentenced to six months in Azkaban. “They sure made it small so no one could see it… isn’t Sturgis the one Mad-Eye was complaining about not showing up to see us off?”Hermione nodded solemnly.So he must’ve been standing guard near the Ministry, and got placed under the Imperius Curse by one of the Death Eaters or Seraphina’s followers. Otherwise, Professor Dumbledore would never give any orders to break in to the Ministry. “That’s curious.”“Any ideas?” she asked.Should I?.. Eh, what harm could it really do? “Must’ve been placed under the Imperius Curse by a Death Eater. Professor Dumbledore is too cautious to have put a plan such as this into action.”“Of course,” she replied thoughtfully.I turned to look at Becky only to find that she had disappeared. “Wha — where’d she go?”Hermione was just as surprised as me, “I didn’t see her leave.”What is going on with her…? I swear —“Look, since she’s gone, I know you said ‘conversation over’ but can I please explain my thinking?”This can’t be good if she didn’t want Becky to overhear… I sighed, “Explain what?”She hesitated when she looked behind me, “Excuse me, this is a private conversation.”I turned to see Anastasia. Gesturing for her to sit down, I explained, “It’s alright, this is my cousin, Anastasia. She’s Italian, so she won’t understand a word you say.” I looked at Seraphina, who gave a believable look of confusion, before I said, “Anastasia,” and pointed to Hermione, “This is Hermione.”She gave a big smile and extended her hand to shake Hermione’s, “Hi, how are you? Nice to meet you.”“That’s all she knows,” I said dismissively. “Now, what is your explanation?”“Well…” Hermione said with a quick, curious glance at Seraphina before turning to me. “It was something Sirius discussed with us before we left for school. Of course, he doesn’t see it this way but Dumbledore does —”“That without my mom, I’ll fall into a deep depression and end up following in her footsteps?” I asked heatedly.She flinched. “Yes… Sirius was angry about it, but I feel that Dumbledore may very well be right. My theory bases itself off of that in the way that she went to go see him either expecting a proper discussion or, knowing that if she should die, it would somehow turn you to him even more. Whichever way it goes —”“Now you listen here, Hermione, and listen well,” I growled, shocking the brilliant girl so much that she froze. “You do not have enough facts or evidence to support this so-called theory of yours. “My mother may have been a Dark Witch, but I know there is something more behind what meets the eye because she was an amazing person. If she were to have wanted me as a part of his army, then why in all my years did she never discuss it with me? If what you theorize is the case, then why was my father’s identity hidden from me?”She swallowed audibly, at a loss for words.“You and Professor Dumbledore speak of me as though, without her, I am a lost puppy subject to all types of evils. Evil surrounds us all. I was raised by a woman who taught me to be kind and proper to everyone. A woman who had me grow up among Muggles in America where Voldemort wouldn’t find us. If she were to hold the same ideals as him then I wouldn’t be sitting here in this library with you, Hermione Granger. We would never have such discussions together, and I would not have helped you in the past.“Who I am is not what you and everyone else are trying to make me out to be. You want to be afraid that I may turn out like them, the same way everyone else in this godforsaken school is, then you are no friend to me. My friends know who I am.”I stood and stormed out of the library with Seraphina following closely behind.

MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORMDOLORES UMBRIDGE APPOINTED FIRST-EVER “HIGH INQUISITOR” In a surprise move last night the Ministry of Magic passed new legislationgiving itself an unprecedented level of control at Hogwarts School ofWitchcraft and Wizardry.“The Minister has been growing uneasy about goings-on at Hogwartsfor some time,” said Junior Assistant to the Minister, Percy Weasley. “He isnow responding to concerns voiced by anxious parents, who feel the schoolmay be moving in a direction they do not approve.”This is not the first time in recent weeks Fudge has used new laws toeffect improvements at the Wizarding school. As recently as August 30thEducational Decree Twenty-two was passed, to ensure that, in the event ofthe current headmaster being unable to provide a candidate for a teachingpost, the Ministry should select an appropriate person.“That’s how Dolores Umbridge came to be appointed to the teachingstaff at Hogwarts,” said Weasley last night. “Dumbledore couldn’t find anyone,so the Minister put in Umbridge and of course, she’s been an immediate success, totally revolutionizing the teaching ofDefense Against the Dark Arts and providing the Minister with on-the-groundfeedback about what’s really happening at Hogwarts.”It is this last function that the Ministry has now formalized with thepassing of Educational Decree Twenty-three, which creates the new positionof ‘Hogwarts High Inquisitor.’“This is an exciting new phase in the Minister’s plan to get to gripswith what some are calling the ‘falling standards’ at Hogwarts,” saidWeasley. “The Inquisitor will have powers to inspect her fellow educatorsand make sure that they are coming up to scratch. Professor Umbridge hasbeen offered this position in addition to her own teaching post, and we aredelighted to say that she has accepted.”The Ministry’s new moves have received enthusiastic support fromparents of students at Hogwarts.“I feel much easier in my mind now that I know that Dumbledore isbeing subjected to fair and objective evaluation,” said Mr. Lucius Malfoy,41, speaking from his Wiltshire mansion last night. “Many of us with ourchildren’s best interests at heart have been concerned about some ofDumbledore’s eccentric decisions in the last few years and will be glad toknow that the Ministry is keeping an eye on the situation.”Among those ‘eccentric decisions’ are undoubtedly the controversialstaff appointments previously described in this newspaper, which have includedthe hiring of werewolf Remus Lupin, half giant Rubeus Hagrid,and delusional ex-Auror ‘Mad-Eye’ Moody.Rumors abound, of course, that Albus Dumbledore, once SupremeMugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and ChiefWarlock of the Wizengamot, is no longer up to the task of managing theprestigious school of Hogwarts.“I think the appointment of the Inquisitor is a first step toward ensuringthat Hogwarts has a headmaster in whom we can all repose confidence,”said a Ministry insider last night.Wizengamot elders Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden haveresigned in protest at the introduction of the post of Inquisitor to Hogwarts.“Hogwarts is a school, not an outpost of Cornelius Fudge’s office,” saidMadam Marchbanks. “This is a further disgusting attempt to discredit AlbusDumbledore.” (For a full account of Madam Marchbanks’ allegedlinks to subversive goblin groups, turn to page 17). “So begins the crap,” I said Monday morning at breakfast, handing the newspaper back to Draco. Weasley, huh? That Percy boy who separated himself from his parents after getting that promotion?Draco was thrilled, “Weasley’s family must be so embarrassed.”“Yeah..” I replied softly, frowning at my plate.“Something wrong?” he asked, putting his arm around me. “Whatever it is, I know how to fix it.”I snorted, “With a kiss?”He laughed, “And here I thought I was sneaky.”I had to chuckle, “As nice as that always is, I’m more worried about Becky. When we were in the library yesterday, she disappeared without saying anything. And she didn’t return to our dorm last night.”“Really?” he asked, looking around. “She’s with the Weasley twins if you want to go talk to her.”I looked in the direction he was gazing to see a happy, bouncy Becky joking around with Lee Jordan and the twins. With a sigh, I shook my head, “Ah, no, leave her to her simple joy. I may be worried, but she needs some type of happiness before we go to Defense Against the Dark Arts this morning.”“I’m sure it won’t be as bad as last week, Mel. Seraphina helped you get Umbridge off your scent.”My shoulders sagged, “Yeah, but now my dad wants to see if I can talk her into working with us… you know their plans to take over the Ministry, whenever that may happen. He wants her to help because she obviously has a similar way of thinking. An inside to the Ministry is as good as any.”Draco’s concern showed clearly in the expression on his face.“Seraphina is coming to class with us, so when I go talk to Professor Umbridge she’ll be backing me up. As much as Seraphina hates her, I think she’s going to enjoy blackmailing her if she doesn’t want to comply.”“You? Taking part in blackmail? I know who your father is, but not even you do blackmail.”“On the contrary,” I said with a devious smile. “Remember Miss Roachers. If I hate the person enough, blackmail is no tough task.”He laughed, “Good point.”I turned to look at the two girls sitting across from us, “Hey Lissy, have you heard anything about how Miss Roachers and the rest of the orphans are doing?”She looked up in surprise, “Erm.. no, I haven’t heard anything. I doubt she would want to contact me, anyway.”“Surely she would have taken them to a new orphanage?”Lissy snorted, “If she did that, then it wouldn’t be her getting the money for the kids she’s got.”“But wouldn’t an orphanage give her a job?”“I’m not completely sure about that with the attitude she always gives off, but even if they did she’s really greedy with money. She doesn’t just want a measly paycheck, she wants everything.”I frowned, “Figures… if I ever find her again, I’m going to make her give up every child she still has. She can live on the streets after that for all I care.”A rabble of random Italian in the form of a question sounded as Anastasia sat down next to me with a look of utter confusion.“How much of that did she understand?” Trixy asked, eyeing Anastasia suspiciously as the latter merely noticed her and gave a big grin.Imagine Seraphina doing that on her original face… nope, can’t do it. “Nothing of it. She was asking why I didn’t come wake her up.. she’s upset that she doesn’t have enough time to enjoy her breakfast.”On cue, she started stuffing food into her mouth. Another thing she would probably never do in her own skin.Lissy and Trixy laughed uncontrollably.I smiled, “This is nothing, you should’ve seen Professor Sprout’s face when Anastasia turned in a paper written in Italian.”“No! Really?” they signed together — I supposed because Lissy became incapable of saying complete words at that moment — in tears from their abundant laughter.I rubbed the back of my neck with an awkward smile, “Guess I forgot to check what she was doing.”Anastasia pretended to look lost as we laughed.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Today..” Professor Umbridge declared haughtily from the front of her classroom, “you will read chapter two, starting on page fifteen. Take notes as you go.”I raised my hand, and she eyed me suspiciously. “Excuse me, Professor, but can Anastasia and I speak to you in private?”“Can it wait, Miss Riddle?”“No, it’s… extremely important.”Her eyes narrowed, but she nodded and turned to walk into her office. Anastasia and I followed quietly, nodding to each other in the hopes that it would go as planned. When she closed the office door behind us, she whipped around to look at us.“What is so important that you had to interrupt my class?”“Interrupt? All you have them doing is reading, stupid,” I snorted, casually sitting down on top of her desk and crossing my legs in front of me as she sputtered indignantly. “Anyways, it seems that I have a proposition I must give to you by order of my father.”She burst into laughter, “You can’t be serious? You Know Who is dead!”I smiled, “Is he? I’m sure even the Minister knows he’s alive, he just doesn’t want it getting out to the public.”“I never —”I held up a finger. “Before you say anything rash, I will explain my father’s proposition. You like power, correct? You want control over everything around you?”She gave off a pose that insinuated she didn’t want to give in, but it sounded tempting. “Go on.”“He’s planning his return to power now, and since he heard about the little stunt you pulled with me he’s got something to offer you. He can forgive your insolence if you agree to do whatever job he asks of you from here on out. Then, after he overtakes the Ministry sometime in the future, he will give you the power you feel you deserve.. and you can rest assured that it will deal with your hatred of wizards born from non magical families. Does this interest you so far?”Her sharp intake of breath suggested that it most certainly did interest her.I ran the lines through my head as I talked, having practiced it with Seraphina the entire day on Sunday. She’d gotten the more specific details from dad on Saturday night so we knew exactly what it was we were offering Umbridge. I didn’t like it but, at the same time, I realized dad was being strategic in using her — someone that was high-ranking in the Ministry and, yet, also showed a questionable need to be in power.“All he wants from you this year is to just make sure that you continue your ruthlessness towards the students, especially Harry Potter, if they say anything about his return… that’s something that shouldn’t be too hard for you, but here’s the tricky part. Don’t tell the Minister.. don’t tell anybody about this.”I could almost see the cogs turning in her head, “Or what?”I chuckled, causing her to bristle nervously. “Well, then,” I said with a little nod to Anastasia who transformed into Seraphina, giving off all the magical energy she could muster to keep the woman in line. “Not only will the Ministry have to listen to the large group of children you have put through your special detention, but this powerful woman holds a strong grudge against you for pretending to be a part of the Selwyn family.”Her eyes narrowed, but she said nothing. “This is blackmail, you know. Easily punished by —”“Do I look like I care?” I asked, causing her to flinch. “You sure didn’t care when you did it to me. Difference between you and me is that I have Seraphina Selwyn here, whose strong magic I know you can sense, to come with me into hiding. And once my father comes to power again, you will be on his list of people to destroy.”She swallowed. After a minute of pondering, she gave a honey-like smile. “I agree to his terms.”Of course you do. “Glad we could come to an agreement… just leave me alone for the rest of the year, and you won’t have any unforeseeable accidents.”Her tight smile said it all. She wanted to say something, but she knew she couldn’t lest she already terminate the newly made agreement.I grinned as Seraphina transformed back into Anastasia and we walked out of her office.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Severus handed us back our moonstone essays, mine with the O at the top left corner of the page. As he walked through, passing them out, he smirked, “I have awarded you the grades you would have received if you presented this work in your O.W.L. This should give you a realistic idea of what to expect in your examination.”He reached the front of the classroom again to turn and face us. “The general standard of this homework was abysmal. Most of you would have failed had this been your examination. I expect to see a great deal more effort for this week’s essay on the various varieties of venom antidotes, or I shall have to start handing out detentions to those dunces who get D’s.”Drago sniggered, whispering loudly to me, “Some people got D’s? Ha!”“You could at least whisper more softly,” I mumbled as I snuck a glance at his moonstone essay to see an E at the top left corner. I tried to look at Becky’s, but she hid it away in her bag before I could get a chance. I raised an eyebrow at her, not that she thought to notice… in fact, she actively avoided looking at me.Anastasia sat in one corner of the room overlooking everything, studying everybody. Her eyes mainly rested on me… and on Harry.Class passed by quickly as we made our Strengthening Solutions, but all throughout I tried to catch Becky’s eye and she continued to bury her face into her work. When class ended, she ran out of the classroom before either Draco or I could even put our stuff together. He and I looked at each other in dismay.“Sorry to make it worse, but… it does look like something is wrong,” he said.My shoulders slumped as I gathered my stuff together. Anastasia tapped my shoulder and gave a small wave, indicating she was going to her room — for personal reasons I dared not ask about — before walking out the door with the rest of my classmates.Severus cleared his throat, and I looked up to see him beckoning me toward him. As I walked over, I realized that Draco followed closely behind me and I smiled in spite of the situation. Severus clearly didn’t find it amusing.“Do you need something, Mr. Malfoy, or —?”“Is this a private conversation he’s not allowed to be a part of?” I asked.One studious look at me, and Severus actually let a small smile free. “He helped you take the rest of the walls down.”“Yeah,” I snorted, “after you told him about the walls and let Becky steal the strength potion…… Thanks. I didn’t want to admit I needed help.”Draco put his arm around my shoulders comfortingly. “Not a problem, Mel.”“Glad you’re better,” Severus said before quickly changing the subject. “Since you didn’t get to do your lessons, we’ll start them this upcoming weekend. The problem is getting past Umbridge patrolling the corridors —”“Oh, that’s covered,” I said, suddenly realizing I hadn’t yet explained to him everything that happened with Umbridge.He looked up, “What?”“Seraphina and I covered that. I don’t have to worry about her anymore.”Severus folded his hands together in front of him, “Explain.”I described everything that happened from when Professor Umbridge first sentenced me to detention down to my proposition with her. He held my injured hand in both of his, running a thumb softly across the cuts as I finished, “I had meant to tell you on Friday when Seraphina first helped me get her off my back, but then she stole me away to see dad.”Severus sighed heavily, as though he were trying hard not to sound irritated. “You should have told me about it immediately after it happened.”“Look, I was damned scared that she was watching my every move. My first thought if I went and told you anything was that she’d break down the door and kill you……”Severus’ eyes softened considerably.“I didn’t want to take action if the consequence could be the death or torture of anyone she mentioned. I don’t know what power she has, but I can tell guilt would be the last thing she ever feels.”“But you waited for Seraphina so that you could ask her advice.. she can’t always be trusted —”“I wasn’t worried too much about Seraphina. Her magic is strong enough to fight off whatever anyone decides to throw at her…. Besides, I have a feeling there’s nothing I need to worry about when it comes to her.”“She’s tricking you into trusting her, Melody,” he replied sternly. “Listen to me. Don’t trust her with any information she could leak to the Dark Lord.”“Severus, you and I both know she can already tell that you’re mainly spying for Professor Dumbledore’s side. She hasn’t said a word to my dad about it.”He had no response for that.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Later that evening was Care of Magical Creatures, which Professor Umbridge was inspecting. She was asking Professor Grubbly-Plank a variety of questions while Draco watched the Gryffindors come down the hill. It was admittedly a lot more interesting to hear the interview with Harry, Ron and Hermione shooting nervous looks between each other.Seraphina had configured that since the whole problem with Professor Umbridge had been sorted out that she could take the afternoon off to herself to nap. I could only theorize that she was doing more than that, but I did feel that she earned an afternoon off. I had nothing more to worry about other than Draco’s giddiness at knowing he would have a chance to make a joke out of Professor Hagrid’s absence.“You do not usually take this class, is that correct?” Umbridge asked Grubbly-Plank.“Quite correct, I am a substitute teacher standing in for Professor Hagrid.”Draco whispered, “Hopefully that oaf will be fired for sure this time with her around.”Professor Umbridge dropped her voice down considerably so I had to strain to hear her. “Hmm, I wonder — the headmaster seems strangely reluctant to give me any information on the matter — can you tell me what is causing Professor Hagrid’s very extended leave of absence?”Professor Grubbly-Plank shook her head unfazed, “‘Fraid I can’t. Don’t know anything more about it than you do. Got an owl from Dumbledore, would I like a couple of weeks teaching work, accepted — that’s as much as I know. Well… shall I get started then?”Taking notes on her clipboard, Professor Umbridge responded, “Yes, please do.”I tried to ignore Professor Umbridge as she walked around interrogating other students on their knowledge of magical creatures. It was hard not to, though, with how well everyone was doing in comparison to when Professor Hagrid was teaching. It was almost surprising considering the amount of complaining everyone had about him, and yet not a bad word about Grubbly-Plank.Before Professor Grubbly-Plank could finish her lecture on the different foot, hoof and paw prints of magical creatures, Professor Umbridge came up to the front and interrupted once again to ask her more inane questions.“Overall, how do you, as a temporary member of staff — an objective outsider, I suppose you might say — how do you find Hogwarts? Do you feel you receive enough support from the school management?”“Oh, yes,” Professor Grubbly-Plank smiled enthusiastically, “Dumbledore’s excellent. No, I’m very happy with the way things are run, very happy indeed.”Professor Umbridge was incredulous, but noted nothing about it. “And what are you planning to cover with this class this year — assuming, of course, that Professor Hagrid does not return?”“Oh, I’ll take them through the creatures that most often come up in O.W.L. Not much left to do — they’ve studied unicorns and nifflers, I thought we’d cover porlocks and kneazles, make sure they can recognize crups and knarls, you know….”Obviously impressed, Professor Umbridge checked something on her clipboard with a definitive tap. “Well, you seem to know what you’re doing, at any rate.”I noticed her emphasis on the word ‘you’ and snuck a glance at Harry, whose face betrayed seething anger. Even more so when Professor Umbridge turned to Greg with her next question.“Now, I hear there have been injuries in this class?”I couldn’t help rolling my eyes as I knew where this was going to go. While Greg gave an excited smile, Draco cut in his answer.“That was me. I was slashed by a hippogriff.”Professor Umbridge wrote quickly across her clipboard, “A hippogriff?”Harry stole the words out of my mouth before I could utter a single breath on the matter. “Only because he was too stupid to listen to what Hagrid told him to do.” Unluckily for him.Ron and Hermione groaned next to him as Professor Umbridge slowly turned to look at him.Sparing a glance in my direction, she smiled ever so slightly before softly responding to Harry. “Another night’s detention, I think.” With her attention back on Professor Grubbly-Plank, she smiled ever so graciously, “Well, thank you very much, Professor Grubbly-Plank, I think that’s all I need here. You will be receiving the results of your inspection within ten days.”“Jolly good,” Professor Grubbly-Plank said.There’s no point, we all already know she passed with flying colors, I thought. There’s nothing for her to worry about. Professor Hagrid, on the other hand, would most likely have had a completely different scenario.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛It was hard to catch Becky alone until the next morning. The night before, she didn’t show up before curfew. I fell asleep after setting my alarm to seven in the morning and that was when I was finally able to catch her trying to run out the door after throwing her shirt on.The door slammed in her face, and she turned to look at me with my wand raised. “I want to find out here and now why you’ve been actively avoiding me.”“You never wake up this early,” she said with a nervous laugh. “How are you so awake now?”“I’m still half asleep, but that doesn’t change the fact that I’m extremely curious to know what’s going on.”There was a long silence as Becky stood there contemplating her options. It almost felt as though hours had passed before she eventually walked back over to her bed and sat down with a groan. “How did you ever hide your secrets from me?”I dropped my wand in shock. As I reached to pick it up off the ground, I asked, “How d’you mean?”“All these years and I never suspected so much as just you having bad nightmares. You’ve hid this secret about your father and everything… no one was ever the wiser about what you were doing. I have a secret I’m not supposed to tell anyone, and yet I can’t hide anything from you.”“You’re hiding something from me?” It felt like an iron punch to the gut. God, is this how Draco and Becky felt? Clearing my throat, I forced out in the calmest tone that I could muster, “I can understand if you don’t want to tell me this secret.”“I can’t even hold it in!” she screeched, bending her head down to her lap. “It’s almost as hard as trying to hold back Draco’s crush on you — do you even realize how hard that was for me? No, you don’t! It comes so easy to you!”Remembering how infuriated I’d been when she wouldn’t tell me what was going on in previous years felt like another punch to the gut.. as upset as I’d been with her, hiding secrets from me… and yet I was always withholding so much more. Hypocrisy at its finest.I frowned as I spoke what came to my mind, “Look if this is a way to guilt trip me about not telling you things, I said I was sorry. I don’t —”“Pfft haha!” Becky jolted upright and burst into laughter that quickly descended into tears. “You — you always know how to make me laugh… n-no I’m not trying to guilt trip you. I — I just can’t hold it in anymore.” She took a deep breath.“Wait, Becky… if it’s this hard for you to hold this secret from me, how can I trust that you can hold in my secrets?”Her face showed how deeply distressed she felt, her tears fell faster.I jumped out of bed and sat next to her, holding her tightly as her body shook and she sobbed into my shoulder. “I-it’s not that I can’t keep secrets.. I — I just can’t hide anything from my best friend.”I hugged her tighter, “Well, let me know what this secret is.”“Fred and George told it to me in confidence… promise me you won’t tell them you know their plans. I don’t know what I’d do if they figured they couldn’t trust me.”“Don’t worry about it. I promise they won’t hear a thing from me… it’s nothing serious is it? Do I need a couple of hours to scream about it before going to breakfast?”With a small giggle, she quickly wiped her eyes before looking into mine. “They’re going to drop out of school before the year ends to start up their joke shop… they asked that I come with them.”Not particularly a surprising plan, but why would they come to school if this is already planned out? “They both asked?”She nodded, “They asked me when I met up with them on the train…. You know, they’ve already got papers to sign for this building in Diagon Alley that the owner is holding for them whenever they’re ready to move their shop in.”Wait.. “Are you going to go with them?”“I’m thinking about it.”“But… Becky, you could become literally anything after finishing school. A teacher — an employee at the Ministry of Magic — a journalist for the Daily Prophet. You’re going to throw away all those opportunities for their joke shop that could sink if anything goes wrong?”Looking me dead in the eyes, her tears dried up, she replied with utmost seriousness. “I don’t have to become someone important to acknowledge that I’m smart.”Taken slightly aback, I thought it over and over in my head but.. with no end to talking Becky out of the idea. Rather than going against it, I nodded, “You know what? If that's what you want to do, then go for it. With their products, business may just end up booming.”She chuckled, “You know it is. They’ve already been testing it on a lot of students both on the grounds and in their common room. Suffice to say, Hermione is not fond of them right now.”“Heh, well I’m not too fond of her right now. I’ve got a lot to figure out for myself in the years to come, but… if you choose to drop out of school and go with them, I won’t hold you back.”Becky wrapped her arms around me tightly, “Thank you.. for being a good friend to me.”I hugged her back just as tightly, if not tighter, “What else can I really do after you forgave me for all I’ve hidden?”

“I thought I’d start you off with something new,” Seraphina said thoughtfully, starting our first lesson of the year. We were in Severus’ Potions classroom — for simplicity’s sake considering it was a closer distance to where we slept. “Since it’s something no other class is going to teach you and, honestly, you’re going to be quite lost without learning it… Elemental Manipulation.”“And I have Mental Manipulation, right?” I asked. “What does the magic entail?”Seraphina pointed her wand at the whiteboard, and the words The Five Elementals was scrawled across it. Earth, Water/Blood, Air, Fire, Mental. “Take notes,” she said, “Because I’ll only explain everything once. Make a few bullet points per subject and make sure you have enough room to write it all down.”I did as she asked, spacing each subject out so they had a page each. “Okay, I got it,” I said softly.“Earth elementals,” Seraphina said as slowly as she could muster, pacing back and forth in the front of the classroom. “They are able to control anything with earth minerals such as granite, rocks, coal, sand, dirt, gems — even plants and trees can be manipulated if they’re skilled enough. Anything made by Mother Nature. Man-made materials cannot be manipulated.“They can grind rocks into spears and swords, sharpen gems so they can become daggers, call lava to explode out of a mountain, and create sandmen or snowmen to do their bidding for a certain period of time.“However, uproot their feet off of the ground, and they’re rendered utterly defenseless. If they are not touching the ground they are connected to, their abilities falter tremendously. Only some truly powerful Earth elementals are capable of connecting to their power without any part of their body touching land. Any questions?”“What if they’re in a house or, say, the castle? They can’t connect to their power?” I asked curiously.“No…. Unless they touch a potted plant, and use it to eat their classmates.”I laughed until something caught my train of thought. “But wait, water is a part of Earth too, isn’t it? And the air as well? Both are created by Mother Earth.”“That’s a tricky one isn’t it?” Seraphina grinned. “Of course, I’ve never met one, but I believe another rare ability is one that might as well be called the Mother Nature Elemental. One who can control Earth, Water, Fire and Air.”“Really?” I asked, scribbling everything down as fast as I could. “Has there ever been an elemental who could use all five?”“That’s never been recorded,” she said. “As far as history knows, it is impossible to have all five in one human body… most would say, anyway, that it wouldn’t be fair to the rest of the world for someone to be so powerful.“But, moving on, water elementals — that’s me — can make water levitate, boil, melt, freeze, and evaporate. They can cause whirlpools, waterfalls, and waves in any body of water they’re close to. In more dangerous cases, they can even rip water out of a person to cause immediate dehydration and death.”I winced at the thought, glancing warily at Seraphina on the off chance that she had probably killed someone that way before.“Which brings me to my point that I told you last week about elementals that can control the water content in the blood. Making it freeze, boil or evaporate through the lungs. It allows me to also manipulate various fluids within a body, made easy by the fact that most bodies consist of anywhere between sixty to ninety percent water. In turn, it makes the technique I use to bring the dead back to life — temporarily and not very realistically — necromancy.”Furiously writing everything out in the fastest way possible, I asked as I scribbled, “So you could bring a magical creature back to life as well, then, not just people?”“Any organic body — unicorns, centaurs, house elves, trolls and even giants — can be brought back to unconscious life.”“Erm.. does dad know you can do this?”Seraphina laughed, “He doesn’t need to know. If he did, he’d be asking for an even bigger army than I feel he deserves.”I stared at her, an idea forming in my head as I configured that it may just work. But would Seraphina agree to it? It’s worth a shot.The woman smiled at me, “Let me finish the lesson before we discuss anything else and get lost off subject. You can tell me what you’re thinking after we’re done.”I nodded, wondering if she really needed me to ask her or if she’d already seen exactly what I was thinking about.“Alright, where was I? Ah, yes, well you know how water can conduct electricity. Now, this is the biggest weakness water elementals have. If they’re ever electrocuted, they lose control over their abilities for an extended number of days. The stronger they are, the longer they’re screwed.”“Is there any way to keep their powers on lockdown during that time?”“They’re looking into that now in the Department of Magical Healthcare.”“And you know that because you have a follower in that department?”“A couple,” Seraphina smirked. “On to air elementals who can manipulate the air around them. They can create breezes, whirlwinds, tornadoes and hurricanes. When this power is used for fighting, they can slice the air like the blade of a sword. In defense, it can be wielded as a shield. With extensive practice, an air elemental can create an air bubble so they can breathe underwater, and even hold a strong wind underneath them so they can fly.“When caught in a small space or — for whatever reason — somehow find themselves out in outer space using their powers becomes futile.”“Can an air elemental control air temperature?” I asked curiously.“Unfortunately no. The most they are capable of is, technically, how many miles per hour they can make the air go.”I snorted to keep from bursting into laughter. She made it sound so simple that air just seemed to be less impressive than when she first described it.Seraphina pointed her wand to the next bullet point, “Fire elementals, as can be deduced, can manipulate flames. Throw fireballs, fire grenades, and produce a large enough fire that — if his or her victims are stuck in a building — can diminish the surrounding oxygen. Where air elementals have no control over temperature, fire elementals can increase and decrease the intensity, heat and range that a fire can go.“Fire elementals are a lot more unpredictable in terms that the control over their power can get extremely shaky if they can’t get their emotions in check. As we all know, they are short-tempered people, so they’re a lot more prone to rampages. The best way to weaken them is to use water against them — or pit a water elemental against them — and if you want to render their power completely ineffective, just immerse them in water completely.”“So they can’t use their powers at all if they ever decided to spend a day swimming or even do a routine thing such as showering?”“Exactly,” Seraphina chuckled.Fire is a complicated lifestyle, glad I don’t have that. I need to be prepared at all times, I thought. “Well, do all fire elementals really have a short temper? Wouldn’t that make them a liability to society?”Lost in thought, her only response was “Huh.. that doesn’t make sense, does it? But in fact, most witches and wizards don’t even know about elementals. It’s a rare book hidden in the restricted section of the library, so barely anyone has gotten to read it.”“But didn’t dad spend a lot of time in the restricted section when he went to school here?”Seraphina winked, “He didn’t know what to look for. You’d be surprised exactly how many books are in that small section. And as I said before, even though everyone is capable of wielding elemental magic, not enough people think to look into it unless their body disperses that magic automatically.”“Is it… hereditary for it to happen automatically?”“Not particularly. I believe it depends on what your magic has been particularly good at from a young age. With you, you’ve had a strong capability of staying in control of your mind — even better than most adults.”“But my dad had that same capability and he’s never done any type of Mental Manipulation that I’m aware of.”“I believe it skips generations. It isn’t well-known about Salazar Slytherin, but I have my reasons to believe he may have had Mental Manipulation as well.”Really? I thought to myself. Could just be speculation on her part.Seraphina continued, “Which brings me to the final bullet point — mental elementals. They have control of the most sensitive part of the human body: the brain. They can see through their memories like a little book, and can also make someone do what they desire without having all the downsides of renewing it like with the Imperius Curse.”“So, they’re like a puppet for a long time unless I decide to take it off of them?”“Precisely. Your puppet can act as they normally would with no one the wiser; like you saw before when you stopped Umbridge’s brain.”“Okay…” I sighed, “So, what’s my weakness?”“It can’t be done with those you are close to.”I stared at her, “That’s it?”“Yes, matter of fact. Any mental elemental who has tried it on those who know them well; family, friends, lovers… they become mental.”“So…… you mean if I were to ever try it, I’d become crazy?”Seraphina nodded solemnly.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛As I packed my stuff up, Seraphina asked, “Now what was it you wanted to talk to me about?”I bit my lip, practicing how I should explain it in my head. “Well. I thought about how you’re a necromancer and, well, I — well, I thought you could use that as, well, my army.”“That’s a lot of wells,” Seraphina noted humorously.“Well, it was just a thought. I know that it would technically be your army, but… well, you already know I’m not like my dad. I don’t have his same ideals, hell I don’t even want to help him as much as I already have. If it ever comes down to him knowing where I want my loyalty to lie, I guess I’d just like to have you in my corner rather than his.”With an apologetic smile, Seraphina shook her head. “I have no loyalty to anyone and, frankly my dear, you’re a child unlucky enough to have a murderous father with completely different ideals. Where is my collateral should plotting against him go south?”“What if everything goes well? As it is now, he only sent you here to kill two birds with one stone. Train me and hopefully get killed by Professor Dumbledore. Whether you’re with or against him doesn’t matter when he knows he can’t kill you himself… you go against him, and he dies, you would be the only darkest witch of this time.”“My dear, you also know you can’t kill him. Whether or not he’s told you this, he split his own soul in multiple pieces so that he can’t be killed. I’d do the same thing, myself, if only there was an option not to damage my soul.”She wants to live forever. “Well, then, we’ll find a way for you to live forever as well without that repercussion. There’s got to be more than one way to do it. Besides, what are you getting out of working for my dad anyway if he’s expecting to be the only one to live forever?”“Power,” Seraphina answered with such ease that I took a step back. Power hungry just like dad… Giving another small smile, she patted me on the shoulder as she walked past me, “You’re a smart, powerful girl, I’ll give you that. But you’re trying to fight a battle you’re bound to lose, and I can’t let myself get dragged into that.”The classroom door opened and closed behind her, leaving me alone to sigh in irritation.

Vincent brought four butterbeers to our table at the Three Broomsticks and sat next to Greg across the table from me and Draco. He pushed two mugs our way and Draco took them both, nudging me slightly to get me to take a mug from him.“Cheer up,” he said, “you just need to explain what you need to teach them as your group. Once they pledge their allegiance to you, they can’t ever back out. Simple, isn’t it?”“Easy to plan. Difficult to explain after I’ve told them what I’m really doing,” I replied, scratching my wrist incessantly to the point that Draco grabbed my hand to stop me. We sat at the very back of the Three Broomsticks, away from prying eyes and ears. I had felt that, considering how loud it was there, no one could overhear us so long as we were out of sight. It was amazing how loud people were.“You’ve got this,” Draco whispered as Pansy and Millicent walked into the Three Broomsticks, followed closely by Blaise.A minute later, Becky came in with a strange look on her face.“What’s wrong?” I asked Becky.“Later,” she shrugged. “Let the meeting begin already.”“Ookay…” I said, pounding my fist on the table like a judge with a gavel. “I have some explaining to do, but only once all of you put these rings on… if you’re ready to tie your loyalty to me.” I pulled out a box of rings I’d made with a curse similar to dad’s tattoos. With Seraphina’s help, I had the rings jinxed so that anyone who put them on it were under my laws and were incapable of taking them off unless I did so.Shaking the box with resounding jingles, I held the box out for Becky who put hers on first. Then Draco, Vincent, Greg, Blaise, Millicent and Pansy. Once everyone had their rings on, I put everything gently on the floor before dropping the bomb.“Let me settle this right here and now,” I started, “I do not believe in pureblood supremacy.”The table was dumbfounded as everybody but Becky and Draco stared at me in utmost loss for words.“The hell do you mean?” Blaise asked.For whatever reason, I couldn’t help it.. I smiled mischievously. “It means exactly the way it sounds. Most of you may have grown up believing highly in pureblood supremacy but, so long as you are my followers, you will not act on your hatred of Muggle-borns and those who protect them — least of all myself. Any questions?”Draco stroked the back of my hand supportingly as everyone turned to look at each other in bewilderment.Nothing? I’m almost disappointed.“Since there’s nothing you need to ask me, I also expect for everyone to tell me nothing but the truth. If you lie, there will be consequences.”“Like what?.. How would you even know if we’re lying?” Pansy asked nervously.“I jinxed the rings… have you ever heard the saying ‘liar, liar, pants on fire?’”No one spoke.“Point given. That being said, what do you think will happen if you tell anyone — especially my father — about our group here, my secrets, and what I am representing?”“Something terrible, I’m sure..” Blaise grumbled.Millicent rambled at about a hundred words a second, at which I put my hands up and waved them until she stopped. If I could have whacked her on the head, I would’ve, but her resounding “Ouch!” would have caused the whole crowd in the restaurant to go silent.“Say it slowly so I can understand you, Millicent.”Taking a deep breath every few seconds, Millicent spoke like a sloth might. “I thought…. You-Know… Who was… dead. Why…… why did you… say that… we should…… especially… not tell him?”“Good question. That brings me to my next point, which ties into why I also said not to tell anyone about my secrets. All of you can’t lie to me, so in return I will not lie to you. My father is alive, and I’ve been helping him return to his former glory since I was eleven…… However, it has been done against my better judgment due to the future hope that with him at full power, Harry Potter can better destroy him.”“What is this group for if all you’re doing is waiting for Potter to destroy him?” Blaise asked suspiciously.“This is an assignment from my father so I can provide him with more help in the future. Which leads me to the next commitment I ask of you… I need more recruits. You don’t have to explain the point of the group, I’ll do all the explaining when they put a ring on. All you need to do is say that the daughter of the Dark Lord is looking for recruits who will follow her as she climbs to power as a Dark Witch.”Blaise leaned forward, crossing his arms on the table. “How can you be a Dark Witch when you don’t believe in pureblood supremacy?”“I refuse to believe that pureblood supremacy is any type of important factor in becoming a Dark Witch,” I said with a shake of my head. “I’ll practice different forms of Dark Arts and whatnot, but I will try to do better than most and keep it from consuming me. As for all of my recruits — due to the disappointment we have as a teacher for Defense Against the Dark Arts this year — I will be teaching the proper jinxes, counterjinxes, and more for three nights a week after midnight in our common room.”“So we’re just recruiting other Slytherins?” Pansy asked.“Yes. For this year, that’s what I need to stick with just to build up my own army. Maybe next year, I’ll add more. All I need is upperclassmen, none of the younger kids.”They all sat there, staring between me and each other as though they’d been brought into something they didn’t want… well, it certainly hadn’t been what they thought it would be. They’d get over it though. I would be better than my father. More forgiving, less killing. “Any problems?” I asked them.I could tell they wished for the ability to just say “no” and get the meeting over with. But. They. Could. Not. Haha!“I think I speak for most everyone here,” Blaise stated, “when I say that this isn’t what we expected. Why couldn’t you have told us before we did anything?”With a small smirk, I looked them all in the eyes one by one. “Can you honestly tell me that you would have joined anyway if I told you what I was really about?”Everyone shook their heads silently.“I thought not. That’s why I’m doing it this way. I need Slytherins on my team so my dad doesn’t get suspicious about me mainly picking students from other Houses when my primary target is supposed to be Slytherin House. The best part about it with all of you is that you were so eager to be the first ones in my group when you thought I’d follow somewhere close to my parents’ footsteps.“To be honest, I’d much prefer to follow my mother’s path, because she didn’t have any followers. She didn’t want them, and neither do I. Alas, I can’t get away with it, so I have to get a move-on.”Blaise sighed audibly as he looked me in the eye, “If we’re allowed to ask you questions, then let me ask what you did for your father last year? If Potter’s story was true, that You-Know-Who really killed Cedric Diggory, then what did you do to help him return?”I bit my lip, having tried specifically not to discuss everything I did. Last year from beginning to end was my downfall, and everything got revealed to the people I never wanted to know.… But, if I wanted to create trust with everyone that pledged allegiance to me against their will, then it was best I come clean with everything.“I made him a potion.”“How did it work? What was it?”I gulped, “You sure have a lot to ask about it.”“Because if you really helped, then you won’t mind dishing out all the details. There were a lot of holes last year that Dumbledore didn’t care to fill in for the students. I don’t care if no one else is supposed to know, so long as everyone at this table does.”Blaise is not going to let me off easy, I see. I guess it’s only fair, though.“Fine,” I grouched, “It was called the Flesh, Blood and Bone Potion. Barty Crouch Jr., disguised as our Professor Alastor Moody for most of the year, helped me find the book in the restricted section of the library. I made it with my own hands, and put some of my magic into it so my dad’s powers could be fully restored as well.“In addition to that, I foolishly hoped that if I put some of my emotions into it it would help my dad understand love. The most it has done is give me visions from his perspective and cause him to realize that he loved my mom.” I choked up, and took deep breaths as Draco squeezed my hand.“Why was him loving her so wrong?” Pansy asked worriedly.With one deep, shaky, I was able to explain, “He still doesn’t understand love. He’s so adamant about it being a weakness that, the moment he realized the love was there, he had to kill her. And so he did.”The condolences were immediate, everyone around the table murmured “sorry you had to deal with that.”Draco tapped the bracelet on my wrist to remind me of what else I needed to say. I smiled gratefully at him.“Moving on. Why don’t you all take a closer look at your rings?” As everyone did so, I put my arm on the table and held my hand up to show off my bracelet.The rings and my bracelet were one and the same, silver with the head of two snakes holding a charm in their mouths. The charm was in the form of an eye, and in the enlarged pupil was the silvery shadow of a cobra.“This charm is my sign. If I need you, all I have to do is press this charm like a button. Same thing you can do if you need me. As for visibility, there’s a switch on the side where you can render it invisible.”“This is so cool, how did you do all of this?” Pansy asked, surprisingly not upset anymore about getting tricked.I grinned, “I have a little bit of help this year. You all know Anastasia and, well… she is not who I said she was. The form of Anastasia Capitani is an illusion. Her real name is Seraphina Morphine Selwyn.”Their mutters spread across the table.“Of the Selwyn family?” Millicent asked in awe.I nodded. “Yeah. She’s my father’s ally. She knows about what I really believe in, but I trust her. She helped me with all of this so that I could have something vastly different from him.”It had been our project for the past couple of weeks. While I understood I couldn’t have her as my ally, she still offered some assistance in terms of keeping track of all my followers. I told her I didn’t want to do tattoos like my dad, and asked for some ideas about what I could do… I wondered how she did it with her followers.“First of all,” she’d said, “I don’t give my followers tattoos. That’s stupid. Then it’s too easy for the Ministry to find them out. No, the tattoo is only on me. All I did was tie their hearts to mine — then their loyalty is irreversible.”

I furrowed my brow, “What else does that do?”

“Simple. I know what lies in each of their hearts. When I feel even the slightest sense of betrayal, I can get rid of them. Or, if I’m feeling bold I can wait until they do — because when that happens, their heart explodes on impact.”

I’d edged my seat away from her, aghast. “That’s… mortifying.”

She chuckled appreciatively, “Thanks darling, I do try so hard.”

Clearing my throat, I changed the subject, “So um, where’s

Seraphina grinned and, undoing the clasp on her special green and gold choker, revealed a snake entwined around a type of bright red flower. “Do you know what type of flower this is?”

I shook my head, “I’m not into flowers.”

“It’s a poppy flower. I was into a lot of Norse mythology when I was younger, and the poppy was mainly associated with Morpheus, the god of dreams. This particular flower has hallucinogenic properties for taking you into a deep sleep. It could be considered as a dream within death, which is why I like it.”

“Clever,” I admitted.

“Well, how does my way sound?”

I held my hand to my throat uncomfortably, “I couldn’t stand getting a needle to my neck, let alone feel like I’m being practically

to death all the time! Besides, a tattoo anywhere in general seems too… set in stone. I need a bit of — erm —

when it comes to this.”

Seraphina burst into laughter, “We’ll look into something

tattoos, then, but what about the other part? What could happen to them if they even dream of betraying you?”

I shook my head profusely, “The one thing I will not do is let anyone die from it.”

She held her hands up, “Suit yourself.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛After I adjourned the meeting everyone went their separate ways. Only Becky pulled me aside.“Harry Potter is starting a secret group,” she whispered quietly.“How do you know?” I asked.“Fred and George told me before I came over here. I didn’t want to go to the meeting, or join anything yet, until I’d done everything with you. But, if I know Hermione, then she’s going to have everyone jinxed or whatever to not tell Umbridge.”I nodded, “Well, if you want to join, then go ahead. I can have an inside person, even if you can’t tell me anything.”Becky shook her head, “No, you goofball. Join with me.”I waved a hand, “Please, they could do without me.”“No, they’re teaching us Defense Against the Dark Arts and stuff like that so we can be ready for dangers to come. At least, that’s how George described it, and he said it’d be good for me to learn, too.”“Then go. I already know —”“Hey!” Hermione walked sheepishly up to us, rubbing her hands together as she looked at me. It was almost as if she was trying to ignore the fact that the last time we spoke, it hadn’t ended well. “I guess you know about our little group. George mentioned that he wanted you to join, Becky.”“Yes, and I’m trying to get Melody to join too,” Becky pointed at me like she was my sister trying to blame me for something.“Look, it’d be pointless when I know everything already,” I said. “Besides, it’s not like anyone trusts me anyway. I’ve got enough problems to deal with.”“That’s not true, Melody! Please —” Hermione tried to say.“Becky can go ahead and join. I have things to do,” I said quickly, walking away as fast as possible.I looked around as I walked to see that Harry and Ron stood a distance away. Ron looked merely confused, but Harry wasn’t even paying attention as he grinned at the sky.

Even though I’d walked away from Hermione and Becky before, they both looked at me expectantly the following day. They sat across the table from me in the library, Harry and Ron standing behind them while staring at me lividly.I crossed my arms over my chest while looking at each of them in turn. “So, because of Professor Umbridge’s twenty fourth educational decree, you thought you could blame me for her possibly finding out about your little group?”“I told them you couldn’t have possibly done it, but Hermione wanted to make sure,” Becky blabbed.Hermione stared at her, “What happened to being on my side?”“I’m sorry, I’m trying not to lose Melody as my best friend,” Becky held her hands up. “You can kiss my butt on that one.”Hermione shook her head before turning back to me. “You can tell me if you did, Melody, I won’t get mad. I swear — I’m really sorry for what I said a few weeks ago. Can you forgive me enough to tell us the truth?”“First of all, I don’t care how mad I was about that, I thought you knew me better than to think I would ever sell you out to any teacher. Second of all, you’ve waited so long to give that apology that it’s obvious the only reason you’re saying it is because you think it’ll save your group. Allow me to quench your assumptions with those reasons, and with the fact that I have enough on my plate without trying to cause issues with you and captain golden boy.”Hermione’s lips tightened slightly as she asked, “What could you possibly be dealing with in comparison to Harry, who’s got the whole school calling him a liar?”“Well, while he’s got people returning to his side once again, I’ve got the whole school coming after me lately,” I said with a raised eyebrow — silently daring her to come up with a fate worse than mine. Because it was true.While Harry had people starting to believe him and take his side again.. I had people more often than not coming up to me as though they had found enough bravery to challenge Lord Voldemort, himself. It would have been admirable, but it was more pathetic than anything else as they all sat on the floor in tears after I cast one jinx.“You do?” Hermione couldn’t even hide her shock.“Oh yeah, Becky didn’t tell you?” I asked smugly. “Well, maybe the school somehow hides it from you chivalrous types, but I’ve had everybody coming at me for duels because of who my father is. Someone even tried to set Peeves on me — it failed, you know, because he’d prefer to ask the Bloody Baron relay the message about the attempt to me rather than talk to me himself. It’s getting worse as the days progress, which is why I thought I’d hide in here for a bit…. Kind of a waste when you look at it.”Becky nodded vigorously, “Unluckily for them, they were creamed.”“Of course,” I added, “the teachers won’t tell me themselves, but I’ve gotten a lot of hate mail with jinxes and all sorts of stuff. I saw Professor Flitwick hobbling to his class one day talking about ‘who the hell sends jinxed acid to a young girl?’”Hermione seemed to deflate at the knowledge that people were heckling me. To be honest, considering I wasn’t allowed to know about the letters, it was actually hilarious to be so desperately despised… why do I feel that way about all of this?“Anyway, on to the topic at hand, I have no reason to tell Professor Umbridge anything. Not when I despise her as much as most people. I have to literally hide to keep her from sending me to detention again… makes me prefer the constant detentions I had with the fake Moody last year.”“You’ve had a detention with her, too?” Harry asked. “What’d you have to do?”“Same thing as you, I’m guessing. Technically writing lines into the back of my own hand. After my second detention, I’ve been avoiding saying anything unless I know she’s not around. I was not about to let those lines just sit on my skin the rest of my life.”“What were your lines?” Ron asked.“‘I must not tell lies,’” I quickly lied. Hah, the irony.“But, that’s the same thing I had to write,” Harry retorted.“Oh, yes, but see, apparently you and I are telling two completely different lies. You’re saying Lord Voldemort is back, and I’m saying I had no knowledge about either of my parents’ backgrounds. We’re just such liars,” I grinned to the small hiccups of laughter from Ron and Becky. “But really, Harry,” I continued seriously, “the best thing you can do is try not to lose your temper around her.”Harry grimaced, but said nothing more.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛So this is what they were freaking out at me about, I thought to myself as I read Draco’s copy of the sign posted in each House common room. Apparently Draco had been happy to know that the decree had nothing to do with Slytherin, because of Umbridge’s similar bias for our House as Severus’. Weird thing to do, having a copy of it, but it allowed me to read it as we walked to Potions class. BY ORDER OFThe High Inquisitor of Hogwarts All Students Organizations, Societies, Teams, Groups, andClubs are henceforth disbanded.An Organization, Society, Team, Group, or Club is herebydefined as a regular meeting of three or more students.Permission to re-form may be sought from the HighInquisitor (Professor Umbridge).No Student Organization, Team, Group, or Clubmay exist without the knowledge and approval of the HighInquisitor.Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, anOrganization, Society, Team, Group, or Club that has notbeen approved by the High Inquisitor will be expelled. The above is in accordance withEducational Decree Number Twenty-four 

 Dolores Jane UmbridgeHIGH INQUISITOR I looked at the parchment in Draco’s hand, “And that’s the paper she signed immediately for Slytherin to have permission to play Quidditch, right?”“It is,” he grinned, hugging the stupid parchment to his chest. “I can’t wait until Potter finds out. We all know it will be a miracle for Umbridge to give Gryffindor permission to form their Quidditch team.”“I think you love that parchment more than Melody. Why don’t you marry it?” Becky asked.“Shut up, this is for special purposes.”“Right, right, right. And I’m dumb, nice to meet you.”“If the shoe fits…”“What you say?!”All this so she can make it illegal for Harry and the others to have their secret classes together… I thought with my own grin. “Well then,” I said, interrupting their argument, “I’ll have to talk about it with her so she can allow our secret club to meet. And… it may just work to her advantage if she’ll think about it.”By then, we had reached the closed door of the Potions classroom and Draco quickly pushed us in the Slytherin line behind him, muttering, “Sounds great, now shoo — it’s almost time for my big moment.”“Moment of stupidity? You have plenty of those,” Becky said pointedly. “Because the problem is, who are you supposed to be talking to when Potter and his posse do show up to ‘overhear’ your words?”He pondered that for a moment, then grabbed my arm and pushed Becky away at the same time. “Point taken,” he said, “and you know I don’t give that often, so move along.”“Have your fun, but you’ll always take my advice,” she said with her cheshire grin as she walked behind Vincent and Greg. More Slytherins came down the stairs, followed by small trickles of Gryffindors.Draco leaned against the wall and looked at me, “It’s been a few days since Anastasia’s followed you to class. Why is that?”I lowered my voice to a whisper, “She’s been traveling back and forth constantly for discussions with dad. They’ve been making a lot of plans for the Azkaban breakout as well as a few orders for me to give to Umbridge. She’s supposed to be back in time for Defense Against the Dark Arts class today.”“What about the progress you’ve made?”“Dad says I’m moving slow,” I snapped irritably. I mean, how fast can I really go? Sure, I don’t have to worry about Umbridge anymore, but I still can’t have anyone in the school seeing me threaten people to join my group. As it is, I can hardly walk through the hallways without someone trying to jinx me.He wrapped an arm around my shoulders, “That doesn’t matter. You’re moving pretty fast for me.”I snorted, “I appreciate —”That’s when Draco suddenly started talking very loudly, and waving his damn paper in front of my face. I flinched, but held back my glare as I looked over to see that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had reached the bottom of the stairs and were walking our way.“Yeah, Umbridge gave the Slytherin Quidditch team permission to continue playing straight away, I went to ask her first thing this morning. Well, it was pretty much automatic, I mean, she knows my father really well, he’s always popping in and out of the Ministry…. It’ll be interesting to see whether Gryffindor are allowed to keep playing, won’t it?”Harry and Ron glared at Draco with clenched fists while Hermione whispered to them to keep them in check.Draco raised his voice slightly more as he stared maliciously at the two of them. His gray eyes seemed to sparkle excitedly. “I mean, if it’s a question of influence with the Ministry, I don’t think they’ve got much chance…. From what my father says, they’ve been looking for an excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for years…. And as for Potter… My father says it’s a matter of time before the Ministry has him carted off to St. Mungo’s…. apparently they’ve got a special ward for people whose brains have been addled by magic….”I looked down at my feet in disgust as Draco made what I assumed must be a mock of people who have no way of moving or thinking for themselves. Like those whose souls have been sucked out by dementors… I shuddered. Greg and Vincent gave their grunty laughs, and Pansy shrieked gleefully.Out of the corner of my eye, I realized that Neville had broken out of line and was heading straight for Draco. He’d bumped past Harry, who’d suddenly realized what was happening.He jumped forward, grabbing the back of Neville’s robes as he yelled, “Neville, no!”Neville struggled to get at Draco, constantly punching his fists into the air.I held onto the handle of my wand in my pocket in case Harry wasn’t enough to hold on to him. What has him so upset? Is he angry Draco is making fun of Harry?… My curiosity brought me into his thoughts, and all I saw were two people — a man and a woman. The woman was a perfect mirror of Neville. They seemed not to be all there mentally, and they sat in beds in a hospital room — I shook my head to get out. Why did I do that? Are those his parents?Harry looked at Ron, “Help me!” as he wrapped his arm around Neville’s neck and pulled him back away from us. Ron grabbed hold of Neville’s arms and they both succeeded in dragging the boy back in the Gryffindor line. His face was scarlet as he tried to talk to Harry and Ron.Vincent and Greg flexed their arm muscles menacingly, standing in front of Draco and I in case Neville tried to attack again.The door to the dungeon opened and I released the handle of my wand, figuring Neville was too scared of Severus to try to fight anyone in front of him. Well, it was good that he didn’t see Neville try to attack Draco… but Harry and Ron still held tightly onto Neville.“Fighting, Potter, Weasley, Longbottom? Ten points from Gryffindor. Release Longbottom, Potter, or it will be detention. Inside, all of you.”I walked inside and sat down close to the front in between Becky and Draco. I immediately noticed Professor Umbridge smirking from the dim corner of the dungeon with her infamous clipboard on her knee. Oh, goodie. Hope she doesn’t get on Severus’ nerves too much.The whole class pulled out parchment papers, quills, and our personal copies of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi. Everyone whispered around us about what Neville had tried to do — even Draco had something to say.“I wish they had let that bumbling idiot come at me. Maybe then, Snape could have taken fifty points from Gryffindor.”“And hopefully you’d be sitting here with a black eye,” Becky mumbled.“Hey, I wouldn’t have a black eye —”“I didn’t say anything,” she looked at him cheekily. “You’re hearing things. You may need to get your ears checked.”Severus closed the door with a bang and everyone went silent. Already not in a good mood.“You will notice,” he sneered, “that we have a guest with us today.” He pointed out Professor Umbridge in her cozy little corner. “We are continuing with our Strengthening Solutions today, you will find your mixtures as you left them last lesson, if correctly made they should have matured well over the weekend — instructions” — he waved his wand toward the board, the instructions neatly appearing in his handwriting — “on the board. Carry on.”The first half hour wasn’t bad. We could all focus on getting our work done while Professor Umbridge spent the time writing notes. It was when Severus was bending over the cauldron of Gryffindor Dean Thomas that she stood and walked over behind him.“Well, the class seems fairly advanced for their level. Though I would question whether it is advisable to teach them a potion like the Strengthening Solution. I think the Ministry would prefer it if that was removed from the syllabus.”Severus slowly stood at full height and turned to her. He said nothing, merely waiting as though he knew to wait for whatever questions she had.“Now…” she continued, “how long have you been teaching at Hogwarts?” She held her quill just above the clipboard as if she’d forget something if she wasn’t properly ready.“Fourteen years,” he replied casually.“You applied first for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post, I believe?”I winced. Already, she began with a touchy subject for him.“Yes.”“But you were unsuccessful?”Severus’ lip curled, his eyes a stormier black than usual. “Obviously.”She continued writing. “And you have applied regularly for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post since you first joined the school, I believe?”“Yes.”“Do you have any idea why Dumbledore has consistently refused to appoint you?”“I suggest you ask him,” he growled.Professor Umbridge gave a sweet smile — ugly to my sensitive eyes. “Oh I shall.”Severus’ eyes narrowed down at her, “I suppose this is relevant?”“Oh yes. Yes, the Ministry wants a thorough understanding of teachers’ — er — backgrounds….” She turned and walked away to Pansy to ask a few questions about the class. To which, loyal Slytherin that Pansy was, proved Severus an excellent teacher.I watched as Professor Umbridge walked back over to sit in her corner for more note-taking. As much as I hope I could say something to her now to get it over with, I’m just not sure how Severus would react. I mean, of course he knows dad assigned me to get followers.. although he doesn’t like it, there’s nothing he can do about it. But who could know how he would respond to me teaching my followers in secret how to fight and defend themselves — let alone tell Professor Umbridge all about —?My thoughts were interrupted as Professor Umbridge’s chair broke beneath her butt and dropped her with a smack on the floor. Her shriek of surprise pushed me into a fit of laughter that no one else dared copy, though I noticed some of them hiding their laughs behind their arms. I had a pretty good idea about who must have done that to her chair.Severus, however, sneered at everyone in the room as though to find out who the culprit was. He knew better than to join in with my laughter.“Miss Riddle!” she screeched.I cleared my throat, “Yes, Professor?”“Did you do this?”“Why would you assume that, Professor? I’ve been minding my own business working on my potion, I couldn’t possibly have had time to make such a prank. I do apologize though, it was too funny for me to hold back my laughter.”Knowing the woman couldn’t do anything to me must have weighed on her as she realized that, not only could she not sentence me to detention but, she had to make the other students in the room believe I will be in trouble.“You and I will talk about this during our next class.”“I look forward to it, Professor. But please remember, I meant no harm in laughing… isn’t it better to laugh and be happy?”She pursed her lips and forced a smile through, “Of course.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Professor Umbridge decided she’d lead the Slytherins with her since we had Defense Against the Dark Arts right after Potions. She prided herself on this fact, and I was happy with it once we reached the classroom. “Everyone sit down and take out your books,” she called out.Everyone took a seat as she closed the door and made her way to the front of the room except for me. I stood next to my seat, picking at the dirt beneath my fingernails while I waited for her to notice.“Miss Riddle, what are you doing now?” she demanded.“I wanted to mention, since you put educational decree number twenty four into place, that I suppose I should ask permission to create my group.”“And what group would that be?” she sounded irritated. Like she wished she could just force me to sit down like any normal student — but since I was practically untouchable, she could only listen.“It’s a little project my dad assigned me. I’ve had it for a while, but I only just recently put my group together. It’s growing more and more each day — matter of fact, everyone that’s in this room happens to be my followers.”Professor Umbridge looked around at everyone who nodded either solemnly or angrily. I had to hand it both to Draco and Pansy — they got to every Slytherin in our year overnight. I was able to speak to the whole group before bed last night, and had to find a way to thank the both of them.“And…” she spoke slowly, methodically picking out the words she was going to say to me. “What will your group be doing?”I grinned, “See, I thought this would help you in the long run. You love Slytherin House, right? Well, I’m going to be training all of them to do real Defense Against the Dark Arts in our House common room mainly three nights a week. I know the Ministry doesn’t want any witch or wizard to go against them, but what about a whole House to help them keep the rest of the school in line?”“B-But — I — now see here —”“Just think about it,” I interrupted, sitting down. “No one other than Slytherins would know about it, and we’ll still read this stupid book during your class.”“Like I need to listen to you — you without your bodyguard to—”Professor Umbridge shrieked as her feet seemed to slip out from underneath her, causing her to flip backwards and land on her back.Seraphina, disguised as Anastasia, seemed to appear out of nowhere as she glared down at her.Professor Umbridge glared right back.Then Seraphina and I burst into laughter. I knew she must have been behind Professor Umbridge’s chair breaking beneath her weight.A feeling of excitement seemed to course through my veins and, while everyone pored over their books with Professor Umbridge muttering angrily to herself at the front of the room, I sat there thinking instead of reading. What is that feeling…? Could it be.. power? I flexed my hand in front of my face and realized just how amazing it seemed to feel that I had all the control in that very room.Of course, without Seraphina I wouldn’t have gotten there so easily.. but even if she hadn’t shown up in the nick of time, I was just as capable with a wand. I could have dropped Professor Umbridge to the ground myself.I grinned eagerly to myself as I sat down and opened up the book to read the chapter assigned. This is why dad loves power so much…

Seraphina as Anastasia paced around the incense and perfume-filled room of Professor Trelawney who sat cross-legged in front of me on the floor, a crystal ball sitting between us, both of our eyes closed.“Concentrate harder, my dear. You need to focus on what you most want to know,” she told me. I could’ve sworn she sounded impatient, and yet somehow her voice was still as tranquil as ever.I scrunched my face up in concentration, “I’m trying.. I just don’t understand why it’s so much easier for it to suddenly appear when I least want it, and hard to get when I do want it.”“Because it is already as natural to you as breathing. You need not try so hard, it will come to you. Open your heart and your mind. Only then can you concentrate on what you wish to see.”My eyes snapped open, “But I can’t do that. Do you know how many people are so nosy that they’d take advantage of my mind being open to reading?”Professor Trelawney’s eyes remained closed, “I am not saying you must keep it open when you leave this room. If you want to find what you seek, then you must free your mind of all barriers enclosing it. You have not seen many visions lately because you’ve been blocking yourself off from them.”“It didn’t work when I had over ten emotional barriers up,” I mumbled, closing my eyes once more and taking down all the security I had built to keep such strong legilimens as my father out.“If they were emotional, then that was why. Emotion reading and mind reading are two separate capabilities. One is for the mind and the other is for the heart — not to be confused for one another.”“That’s true, I suppose.” As the last security wall I’d built got packed up and placed to the side, that’s when what felt like a slap to the brain surprised me and I opened my eyes to look around only to find I wasn’t in the Divination classroom anymore.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛It was Crabbe Chateau, and dad consistently paced the large room back and forth, back and forth. This time I wasn’t inside his head, but I could still feel his irritation at

Why time, specifically?

Lucius walked briskly into the room and knelt before him, “My Lord, you wished to speak with me?”

“How much longer is it going to take to find

prophecy?” dad seethed. “I can be patient, however being restricted to this place causes the time to move slowly.”

“I apologize, my Lord. Your loyal Death Eaters and I…

the Mistress’s Nightmares… are searching as much as they can in the time they have to sneak in. We will not rest until we find it for you.”

He tsked with a sigh before taking a seat in his chair. “I have so much going on in my mind, Lucius, it makes waiting unbearable. All I am left with are my thoughts, so I may as well ask you.… As a father, how do you deal with any thoughts that plague you about your son?”

Lucius stared at him, merely blinking in surprise. “M-My Lord?”

“It’s not a hard question, Lucius, keep up. What do you do when you think about him?”

“U-Under what circumstances, my Lord? When I disapprove of his actions? When I worry whether or not he’s safe? When I am proud of how well he’s doing?”

The Dark Lord growled, “So it

supposed to be that complicated…. I don’t know what to do with Melody anymore. I feel the urge to be proud of her for what she has accomplished for me, but yet she takes so much longer than I did. I had all of Slytherin House under my iron grip my first year there… she is much too soft. Are there any actions I can take to push her to move faster?”

“With all due respect my Lord, the only one who knows how to raise your daughter is you. We all parent our children in different ways. Orele raised her one way, and now that she’s gone you have the opportunity to raise her the way you wish.”

Dad grinned, “How very insightful, Lucius. That gives me something I can put my focus on.”

Lucius seemed to hesitate a moment before standing, “If I may give you another opinion, my Lord?”

Dad rubbed his forehead with one hand as he replied, “Go on.”

“I believe your daughter is a brilliant young witch. From knowledge about your past, she chose a different personality to bring followers to her. Everyone knows because of Orele’s death now that she is your daughter, so she continues her charade of being a normal witch. The personality she created is what drew all of Slytherin House to her without any mention of threats. Draco writes about her all the time.”

A small smirk played on his lips, “Glad you think so highly of her, but you bring me to the next topic. Though she hasn’t specifically talked to me about it, she obviously chooses

son over Marcus, and I can’t fully understand why. I can only hope for her sake that it isn’t for love, but rather than argue with her over it I decided to let her keep her choice. I don’t wish to regret it.”

Lucius swallowed, visibly nervous.

“Just a warning, Lucius, before you return to your work… if you disappoint me again, I will have to pull Draco and Melody apart by force. You don’t want to make the children upset, do you?”

“No… of course not, my Lord,” he replied breathlessly.

“I’d hate to do it to her, but I believe I need to be less…

. All that time Orele had her without my knowledge, and I’ve been spoiling her since I met her. As you said, with Orele gone now, it’s time I take responsibility for teaching her that she can’t do as she pleases anymore. She needs a strict father to tell her right from wrong. Yes….

“You may leave, Lucius.”

Lucius bowed his head and quickly made his way out of the room.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I opened my eyes with a gasp followed by a long line of curses, “Damn him!” I slapped my hand at the crystal ball, catapulting it off the table to roll around the room. “That is not his role to take — I will not let that happen — damn it all, he is not in control of my life — who does he think he’s talking about? — Gaah!”Professor Trelawney stared at me with her mouth agape.“Did you see any of that crap?” I asked, still too angry to worry about what to do if she did see what I saw.“N-No my dear, it was all in your mind. It never even showed up on the crystal ball…. what did you see?”Anastasia spoke a long line of words in Italian as she grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet.“Have I said something?” Trelawney asked curiously.“Uh.. um.. alas, Anastasia and I have somewhere we need to be right now, Professor Trelawney. But thank you for your help!” I said quickly as I was promptly dragged out of the room and down the ladder.Only when we were halfway down the long flight of stairs, did Seraphina speak through Anastasia’s voice. “You seem very vexed. What did you see?”“Now he decides to be some difficult type of father figure and gain control over my love life by making a bet with Lucius. If Lucius makes any mistake — any at all — my dad is going to separate me from Draco, and push me together with Marcus.” My fists tightened more and more as I spoke, causing her to snatch her hand from my grasp.“Remind me to stay on your good side, that was a grip,” she noted.“I’m sorry,” I sighed. “And it’s not only that. He’s thinking about all of this because he’s got so much time on his hands cooped up inside Crabbe Chateau. He believes that now that mom is gone, it’s time he took more action on punishing me.“All because he’s waiting for a prophecy — wait, is that what he’s so impatient to find in the Department of Mysteries?”She nodded.“I can’t believe I never thought to ask what he was searching for…” I stopped walking as I thought it over. “Severus always avoided the subject, and I fell for it. What is it with this prophecy that’s got dad all worked up?”“Promise you won’t spill that I told you anything?”“I promise.”“It’s the prophecy that was told about his future battle with the precious Harry Potter. A prophecy that Trelawney there,” she pointed upwards, “had fourteen years ago.”“A real one?”“A real one. One that you cannot speak of around him, because it has him on edge just waiting for our followers to find it.”“Speaking of followers…” I said, happy to find the right change in subject. “Nightmares?”She snorted, “Lucius must’ve mentioned them. Voldy won’t even call them by the name I gave them.”We reached the bottom of the staircase, and Seraphina looked around a few times before telling me, “Go warn young Malfoy about what you saw. Perhaps you two can find a solution together. I will go to your father to see what I can do.”I stared at her, “You’d do that for me?”Seraphina’s eyes widened and she forced a laugh, “Child, a distraught student is not something I need to deal with. If he continues with his plan, then it will distract you from your studies. Now run along.” She gently pushed me one way, and began briskly walking in the other direction.I chuckled softly to myself. As strong as she was, she had a softer side than dad.I began walking to my common room, a spring to my step as I attempted to erase my worries about dad going through with what he said, before I stopped. I think I should give her my thanks before she leaves. She’ll probably give me something more to work on while she’s gone, but it’d be worth it.I spun around and ran to catch up to her. After the last time she took me to see dad, Professor Dumbledore had made it a rule that Seraphina had to tell him when she was leaving so he could escort her outside. Both to keep anyone from seeing and from her sneaking me off school premises without permission. She had to be on her way to see him first.I slowed down after a minute, confused as I had to realize that a distance away I still couldn’t see her. She doesn’t move that fast, does she? Unless she’s leaving the grounds without Professor Dumbledore’s permission, and turned down one of the hallways I passed?Before I could think of what route to take to find her, I hesitated at the sound of sobbing. I looked around to see if I could pinpoint where it was coming from, and walked over to an old classroom no longer in use. The door was slightly ajar, so I pushed it open to see Seraphina — not the form of Anastasia — but Seraphina kneeling on the floor covering her eyes.“No.. No!” she sobbed.The air in the room felt heavy, so I immediately grabbed my wand out of my sleeve and walked in. “Seraphina?.. What’s going on?”“Leave!” she snapped, still covering her face with her hands. “Leave! You shouldn’t be here!… You can’t see me like this….”“Like what?” I asked, slowly edging closer to her.The closer I got, the more I saw what was hidden behind a row of desks from my vantage point at the door… the more I heard the whisper of voices.“No one wants you around,” “what a sad, lonely child,” “we will never love you the way we love your brothers and sisters.”In the center of the room was another Seraphina, copying the same position as the real one, only whispering along with the voices. “Nobody loves me… I will be alone forever… I have no friends… I will never make any friends… My parents will never notice me again.”A boggart… I realized as I knelt next to the real Seraphina. “It’s okay, Seraphina, it’s not real. You know the incantation ‘Riddikulus,’ right?”“I can’t… I can’t…” she sobbed.I took a deep breath, and let it out before standing in front of her to face the boggart myself. Only after I did so did I realize that it was the wrong choice. I had forgotten to put up all my barriers after leaving Professor Trelawney’s classroom.The boggart changed from Seraphina… to a copy of me. Only the version wasn’t in tears. It stared back at me with eyes as red and bloodthirsty as dad’s… it raised its wand at me with an evil grin.“I am the real you,” it said.

My mind and my heart raced at about a million miles a minute. I’m afraid of myself… I realized. All my dreams, and I’ve been running from me… running from becoming exactly like my dad….The boggart spoke, “I know you’re trying to rationalize what you’re seeing as proof that you’re strong enough to keep yourself from becoming.. well me…. But have you not noticed your recent dreams as I get closer.. and closer.. and closer to catching up to you? I’m coming, and you can’t stop me.”I swallowed a knot in my throat as I tried to remember the spell that I just mentioned — I just mentioned not one minute before — to Seraphina. What am I supposed to do to get rid of this thing again?Aha.I imagined the one thing that’s embarrassed me since mom took the video of me doing it.. and cast my wand, “Riddikulus!”The other ‘me’ morphed from a teenager to a toddler in a full-on ninja suit, mask and all, attempting kung fu and falling over with every kick. Even though it always embarrassed me, it was also funny to watch, so I was glad to laugh.Seraphina’s laughter came from behind me, causing both the boggart to disappear into smoke and me to suddenly remember that she was still there. I’d forgotten during all the thought I’d put into getting rid of the boggart.I was really embarrassed.After she wiped her tears away, still chuckling, she gave me a good long look. She took a deep breath, “Well, what do you think of me now?”“That’s an odd question,” I said, sitting down on the floor across from her. “What do I really have to think besides that we all have fears?”“Oh dearie, I try so hard to prove that I don’t care what anyone else thinks but, as you can see, my boggart merely proved that lie… to myself and to you. I want power but I also want others to like me rather than hate me. Living forever would give me much time to make sure I get that wish.”“What caused the fear?”Seraphina gave me a small smile, “My family happens to be one of the last most sacred pureblood families. My parents made sure to have lots of children to continue to pass on the legacy for more generations to come, but I’ve been a disappointment to them all my life. Other pureblood children were so.. snobby that I made friends with Muggles behind my parents’ backs. Ever since they found out, they’ve never forgiven me.”“That’s horrible,” I said, reaching my hand out to comfort hers.She paused as she stared at me. “Melody. I’m going to tell you a secret no one but my family knows, because your father bade it never be uttered.”Really? I thought in surprise. I nodded nonetheless, but it was a curious phenomena to think she was willing to tell me such a big secret.“When I was just a child, my idiot brother boasted to other death eaters about how powerful my magic was. By the age of five, I was already exhibiting abilities… you can easily deduce that your father found out and wanted me dead. What you wouldn’t know is that it was your mother who stopped him.”My eyes widened, “She… she did?”“I remember the day very clearly. They showed up, just the two of them, and he’d pointed his wand at me immediately… I didn’t know what to do, this was a stranger with a look that would kill if it could. My parents had taken me out there only a minute earlier, and ran back inside… so I’ve always known that they knew he was coming.“Your mother took one look at me, and stepped in front of me. They had an entire argument right there. I only stayed because I was afraid that, if I moved, then her argument would be for nothing and I’d be dead anyway. She’d said that in the future, I could be a great ally. In her words, ’it would be a shame to waste such a life.’” Seraphina snorted, tears falling down her face, “It took more convincing, but he put his wand down.”The silence reverberated through my head as I thought it through. What horrible parents would sacrifice their child so willingly? “I appreciate a look at how heroic my mom was, and I’m so glad she did because you’re alive now. But if it’s such a secret… why are you telling me?”“You’re a strong witch, Melody, but you’re an even stronger human being. I can see you have a fear of becoming your father, but from what you have proven to me just a few minutes ago… you’re so much more of your mother. The way you stepped in front of me, sacrificing your own hidden fear, took guts only Orele had.”I laughed, “That’s all I sacrificed — I wouldn’t even call that a sacrifice! I jumped in the way of a boggart, not a murderer.”“I’d say a boggart is close enough. Your own fear can hurt you so much more than anything physical ever could. Believe me, I once had an aunt who died of a heart attack from coming across a boggart.”“But come on, I merely forgot that I hadn’t put my barriers up. I’ve technically never even dealt with a boggart before… when Severus taught me the spell, I made him leave the room so I could pretend I didn’t want him to see my fear. I didn’t even want to see it, so I pretended I’d done it. Jumping in front of your boggart was —”“—an automatic response where you needed to protect me. Am I correct?”I didn’t answer… I couldn’t even find the words to argue anymore. Seraphina was practically calling it bravery, but was it really?“Well,” Seraphina exclaimed, pushing herself to her feet. She looked down at me and held out her hand, “Let’s just say you have convinced me, as your friend and mentor, that I would be honored to secretly join forces with you against your father. We’ll come up with solutions together.”I stared back at her in surprise, “You’re serious? I thought you were loyal to no one, least of all to someone who’s never done anything like this before.”“You’ve inspired me to forget that nonsense. I trust in you enough that you have my complete loyalty. Besides, I owe it to Ms. Orele Ollivander that her daughter gets the chance to live a good, long life.”“Not as long as yours is going to be, but…” I took her hand with a smile, “thank you, Seraphina.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about,” Draco said nonchalantly, leaning back against a tree on the grounds. I had explained what I’d seen between our dads, and it made me nervous that he was hardly fazed by it.“You don’t get it — what if he does everything he can to make sure your dad fails at something?” I asked, waving my hands in frustration. “I wouldn’t put it past him to try so he can force me under his every whim. He’d said that he’s been far too lenient with me, so he’s probably thinking he can just — I don’t know — make summer vacation like a boot camp for me.”Draco chuckled, tossing an apple into the air and catching it as he stared at me. The apple was from breakfast.I mocked his chuckles, “You know it’s not that funny. What should we do?”“Mel, you’re overreacting. You said, yourself, that my father is more than capable of taking care of himself… and even so, I trust that you’d never let anything like that happen.”I scoffed with a small smile, “You give me too much credit.”He grinned, setting the apple in his lap as he patted the grass next to him.With a drawn out sigh, I walked over to follow his gesture… leaning my back against the tree, and my head on his shoulder. “It makes me nervous. If he doesn’t have control over everything, it seems like he feels he needs to just.. force his decisions on it.”Draco wrapped his arm around me, rubbing my arm as he tugged me closer. “If anyone can handle it, it’s us. You’ll think of it when it’s not stressing you out so much and, when you do, I’ll help however I can.”I smiled gratefully at him.“For now, though,” he continued, “we can just relax under this tree. Enjoy our day while we have nothing to worry about.”My smile turned into a smirk, “You seem to be so wise when you use your words that way… alright, I’ll relax…. It just makes me wonder, on that note, if my poetic boyfriend has any other poems like the one about me that he might like to share with me?”His cheeks reddened profusely as he stammered, “W-well — I — erm — c-can I get back to you on that?”I giggled, “Too embarrassed to share with your girlfriend?”“I just…” he said thoughtfully, his cheeks still red, “would prefer to share them when… when the moment is right.”I leaned up as I whispered, “And when would that be, Mr. Malfoy?”He grinned as he said, “When I decide,” before meeting my lips halfway.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: After around a three year hiatus, the ending scene of this chapter is where I restarted again in the year 2020 after going back to edit and rewrite all the previous chapters of the first four books up through this one. It was a shame, because Order of the Phoenix was a favorite for a lot of readers, and it made me swell with joy because it was also my pride at the time. My writing ability has grown exponentially better since the first book, and it was really showing here.

However, at a certain point, I just… got STUCK. I couldn’t continue forward. I couldn’t figure out how to get to the next milestone… I couldn’t figure out how to keep the hype going so it was still as enjoyable as when it started.

I suppose the stress got to me, and then my life outside of fanfiction also began changing because I graduated high school and… well, so on and so forth, I’m at a very different place in my life. My attention was focused on all of that, but there has also been that heart-wrenching guilt for not finishing Melody’s adventures.

In 2019, I decided enough was enough, and I had to do what I’d been too lazy to do during my senior year of high school…. Revising and editing the first four books. Don’t get me wrong, Order of the Phoenix was practically perfect, but how could I really continue on if I don’t feel the same level of pride in the original four that I do for the fifth? So many errors, so many awkward scenes, so many details missing, so many things I sped past all so I could get to the fifth where everything seems to go to hell for Melody — our most favorite thing to read in any book!

So, here I am finally showing off a brand new Melody! I list here a quick synopsis of the major changes, you don’t have to read if you don’t want to but I just wanted a set list of all the differences between the original version and the old version that I can always look back on. Plus, it’s good to share what I struggled with, maybe to even help other writers in their journeys.

Number 1… Melody didn’t always get Apparition sickness. It’s not an extremely crazy change by any means in comparison to the others on this list, but I had thought about it and absolutely adored the idea. Made for silly scenes I could create of her nearly hurling every time someone Disapparates her somewhere… especially in here with the twins, as we all know. ;) Aaaand it’s better than the fact that I originally had it where she couldn’t wait to learn it.. ever since Sorcerer’s Stone, really.

Number 2… I added an extra special chapter to Sorcerer’s Stone where our favorite twins do something for her birthday (which had also been changed to May 31st — d’oh!). I felt I didn’t have enough scenes of her at Hogwarts for those months Dumbledore kept her there until Orele had everything in America fixed and situated, so I thought I’d add something special for Melody to bond more with the twins before they go home for their summer vacation… Oh! And plus Dumbledore picks Melody up from her elementary school, not Orele (hadn’t really thought through the extreme consequences should Orele have Disapparated while pregnant)!

Number 3… At the beginning and end of each book is a little note from Melody that hadn’t been there before, because I decided I wanted to make it out like these books were autobiographies written by her to describe why the events happened as they did. I’d like to imagine she’d use a Pensieve to be able to write them out so accurately haha.

Number 4… The fact that Marcus already knew before Draco even invited him with them to Hogsmeade in the third book that Melody was Voldemort’s daughter. For this, I thought it was perfect because, after she finds this out near the end of Prisoner of Azkaban, it adds an extra strain on their relationship by the time Goblet of Fire kicks around. The idea is that his parents have always been devoted followers of Voldemort, and they were there when Orele became his ally. By throwing their son in Melody’s direction, they’d guarantee themselves Voldemort’s favor and their son’s future. The strain on Melody adds a toxicity to their relationship that I just couldn’t pass up. Especially since it adds a certain je ne sais quoi for Melody’s fear that she may not be able to love anyone due to her relation to Voldemort.

Number 5… Goblet of Fire has the more significant changes — this specific one being more quality time with Jim and Orele. Before, I hadn’t had much in place for one on one moments with each of them. Especially concerning two problems: one was her finding Jim and Nick at the Quidditch World Cup (yeah, right, the odds of him being there at that exact point in time was extreme, d’oh! Sorry for criticizing my younger self yet again.), and two being Orele WAITING for Melody to get back from the Quidditch World Cup to show how crazy with worry she was… No… So it was enjoyable to write a beautiful scene of Orele screaming at Lucius… Hehehe.

Number 6… I don’t even know why I had done this to begin with, but for this new version of Goblet of Fire, I took away that weird thing I did where Lissy ended up getting the same visions as Melody. I’m not sure if I was just trying to give her more meaning or something, but it was too confusing so it’s gone. Totally gone. The addition to the girls now is that Becky’s little sister, Trixy, is deaf. She’s extra fun to write.

Number 7… More Barty Crouch time in Goblet of Fire. Yes, there used to be less of it. I think, once upon a time, I slacked too much on the time she could’ve spent with him, so not only did I add more time… I also added more detail… AND… Dun dun dun MELODY SAVES HIM! What? Don’t shoot me… or avada kedavra me… I think he could be very useful, and besides she does an incredible switch out between him and.. Marcus :P

Number 8… Draco and Melody — the main reason most of you probably love this is because of their relationship — strained as it might be, they are there for each other. The chapter where he corners her, I changed their wording from “I love you” to “I care about you” because.. It makes more sense for it to be a little harder to get Melody to say “I love you.” If or when she ever tells him that, I’m sure we’d all want it to be more meaningful and not forced because that’s realistic where her character development is concerned.

I have likely forgotten some points along the way, but I’m sure you’re all either tired of my rambling or you done already skipped past the huge note. Cheers to my hope that Melody continues to be a joy to you all, and for me to make consistent… more consistent than once a month hopefully…  updates again.

The above chapter was where I had once left Melody off for a long hiatus, only I added extra fluff with Draco at the end to make up for the long wait. I also figured that she’d better explain her vision of their fathers to Draco for his input. Since she’s promised to talk about anything she finds out rather than going it alone.

The beginning of November already brought freezing cold weather, enough to give some students frostbite in the Slytherin dorms. Of course, not even that could bring down Draco’s spirit for the upcoming match against Gryffindor. With Severus booking the Quidditch pitch for the Slytherin team multiple days in a row, I almost wondered if Gryffindor was able to get any practice in.They needed it more than ever considering it’d been over a year since they’d last held the Quidditch Cup. Vincent and Greg replaced the previous year’s beaters who’d graduated, and Draco came back from practice a few times yelling at them for aiming the bludgers at their teammates on accident.Severus was anxious to finally see the trophy in his office again — a luxury he hadn’t had since before Harry joined the team. He was also obvious in ignoring the fact that I was helping Draco with a lot of the homework, though there was so little of it. Despite that fact we shared his class with the Gryffindors, he made sure to say that Slytherins wouldn’t have any homework because ‘they understand how to follow the recipes’ and Gryffindors had homework to ‘learn how to follow the recipes.’Out of spite, Professor McGonagall gave us Slytherins loads of homework.With Ron as the Gryffindor Keeper, Slytherin’s win was looking more and more like a guarantee by the day. For the past month, whenever they passed by us in the hallways, Draco would mock him dropping the Quaffle which would leave the poor boy red-eared. It was funny to me how easily the taunts got to him, but when pointed at ‘temper tantrum Harry’… the chosen one knew how to laugh off the taunts.Mind-boggling.The morning of the match, Becky and I made it to the Great Hall to find everyone at our table wearing silver, crown shaped badges on their robes. I read off of Draco’s badge the words ‘Weasley is our King.’Draco pinned it to my robes soon as I sat down next to him, “Here you are. Wait until their team sees these.”“Who said I wanted one?” I asked with a raised eyebrow.“I said,” he replied, wrapping an arm around my shoulder and staring at the entrance to the Great Hall with anticipation.We didn’t wait long for what he was always searching for.Harry and Ron walked through the aisle to their table while Draco and some of the other members of our House team waved at them, laughing boisterously.“What is it for, anyway?” I asked, pulling my robe forward slightly to look at the pin. “It’s a weird message to be saying about the other team’s Keeper, you know.”“It’s okay, I’m sure he’ll realize his mistake when he gets his sanity back,” Becky said, holding her hand out. “Where’s mine?”“You don’t get one, traitor.”“You’re the one with the badge saying ‘Weasley is our King.’ I’m going to wear one to support the guy you consider the reason I’m a traitor.”“The badge doesn’t mean what you think it means,” he replied smugly. “But I’ll be happy to give you one so your boyfriend hates you, too.”“Whatever are you talking about?” she asked, perplexed enough to withdraw her hand.“You’ll see at the match.”That was when a loud roar sounded from the Gryffindor table, and we spun around to see Luna Lovegood standing over there wearing a hat the shape of a life-sized lion. I almost laughed at her creativity.“That can’t even help them now,” Draco said maliciously.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I walked, bundled up, into the stands as everyone else filed in and sat down. Draco insisted that I had to sit in the front of the stands so he could see me — well, so I could see him — so Becky ditched me to sit in the stands with Hermione. Pansy was already sitting in front, so eager for the game to begin that her energy must’ve kept her from being cold.“What are you so excited for?” I asked, using my wand to put a warmth spell on myself as I sat down next to her.“Draco wanted to keep it a surprise, but you’ll see soon. He wrote a song that’s sure to guarantee us the win.”I raised my eyebrows, “A song is going to do that?” I know I had asked to hear some more of his poems, but I never expected a song.“Mm-hm!” she affirmed. “It has to do with that badge you’re wearing.”“Oh,” I had forgotten about the badge. I used the opportunity to take it right off and stare at it again, wondering if it did the same thing as the badges in the previous year where it switched from ‘Support Cedric Diggory — The Real Hogwarts Champion’ to ‘Potter Stinks’…… Nope, nothing “Doesn’t it give a mixed message?”“You’ll see…” she said with a mysterious grin. “By the way, where’s.. your cousin?”“Working on her special project.”Seraphina had to leave once again for meetings with dad. Those meetings had gotten more and more frequent, but she gave a promise to come back and tell me all about it.. no matter how often Severus threatened her not to explain so much. I could only be grateful that she didn’t listen or care. I had to know, anyway, what dad was expecting me to do for the Azkaban breakout, and I had a bad feeling that he wanted me to actually help lead it.“How annoying,” Pansy replied sympathetically. But then she perked up, “Ooh, look, here they come.”The Slytherin Quidditch team stepped quickly onto the field, pridefully showing off their badges and grins. Draco waved to me… or at least I thought he did, because Pansy eagerly waved back and turned to all the Slytherin students behind me with the posture of a conductor with an orchestra. She gestured, and they began singing softly: Weasley cannot save a thing,He cannot block a single ring,That’s why Slytherins all sing:Weasley is our King.Weasley was born in a bin,He always lets the Quaffle in,Weasley will make sure we win,Weasley is our King. My eyes widened as I turned to look at Draco, and he winked. He’d planned all of this…? And without me finding out…? This game is not going to end well.The Gryffindor team walked onto the field then, signaling Madam Hooch to the captains’ sides to get the match started. “Captains shake hands,” she commanded as the two of them reached each other. They shook hands, obviously as over tight as always even though they were brand new captains. “Mount your brooms,” she waited until the teams were ready before blowing her whistle.The balls were thrown into the air and the teams flew to their respective positions. I watched as Draco began his search for the Snitch.Lee Jordan did the commentary as always. “And it’s Johnson, Johnson with the Quaffle, what a player that girl is, I’ve been saying it for years but she still won’t go out with me —”“Jordan!” Professor McGonagall screeched.“Just a fun fact, Professor, adds a bit of interest — and she’s ducked Warrington, she’s passed Montague, she’s — ouch — been hit from behind by a Bludger from Crabbe….”The commentary continued, but Draco signaled Pansy with his hands and she encouraged the Slytherins to sing louder. I dropped my face into my hands.. the song was becoming annoying. Lee Jordan even stopped commentating.. I supposed it was to find out what they were singing. Weasley cannot save a thing,He cannot block a single ring,That’s why Slytherins all sing:Weasley is our King.Weasley was born in a bin,He always lets the Quaffle in,Weasley will make sure we win,Weasley is our King. Lee’s commentating started up again as loud as possible to drown out the Slytherins. Too bad it didn’t help me out. The louder he got, the louder they got.Weasley cannot save a thing,He cannot block a single ring,That’s why Slytherins all sing:Weasley is our King.Weasley was born in a bin,He always lets the Quaffle in,Weasley will make sure we win,Weasley is our King. Screams of joy erupted around me, causing me to realize we must’ve made a goal. To imagine the shame Ron must be feeling — letting the song get to him badly enough that he allowed Slytherin to get the goal. I couldn’t even think with the song being sung on repeat, and with the goal they only got louder and louder. More joyous screeches and applause echoed around me at the same time I heard a loud groan from the Gryffindor supporters. Another goal.Pansy evoked more energy than ever into conducting them, bringing the song to a deafening volume.Weasley cannot save a thing,

He cannot block a single ring,

That’s why Slytherins all sing:

Weasley is our King.

Weasley was born in a bin,

He always lets the Quaffle in,

Weasley will make sure we win,

Weasley is our King. Someone tapped my shoulder, and I turned to see Becky with the most furious look on her face that I’d ever seen — well, technically never seen — from her. She was yelling something, but I could not hear a single word out of her mouth.“What?!” I shouted.Another cheer surrounded us as I tried to lean closer to her.“I’m gonna kill him!!” she screamed, nearly deafening me more than the Slytherins singing around us. “This is cheating!”“Gryffindor score!” I heard Lee Jordan yell. The sound of a lion roaring, I already knew, came from Luna’s hat.The song only got louder from there. How loud can they get, damnit?!I searched the skies for Draco to see him diving next to Harry after the tiny, golden ball that hovered closely above the ground by one of the goal hoops. They raced neck and neck after the Golden Snitch as it changed direction toward the other side of the stands, closer to Draco’s reach. They both reached out, and Draco almost had it… but as always….The Snitch was in Harry’s hand within two seconds’ time while Draco was still desperately reaching for it.The song ended abruptly with, “Weasley is our — uuughhh!” and everyone else cheered jubilantly.Gryffindor won again.As Harry pulled his broom up slightly, I noticed Vincent a short ways away with his bat ready to swing as a Bludger flew its way close to him. With a resounding thwack, the Bludger was smacked directly into the small of Harry’s back and he was thrown forward off his broom to the ground. The fall wasn’t far since the Snitch had been caught close to the ground, but it still looked very painful.As Madam Hooch blew her whistle, the Gryffindor team screamed insults at Vincent as they hurried to Harry’s side. The captain helped Harry to his feet as Madam Hooch flew to Vincent, yelling angrily.But where did Draco… ? Oh no… I jumped to my feet and ran through the stands to find my way to the field, sometimes pushing people out of the way and squeezing through any open space I could find. He’s going to say something stupid, I just know it — I made it to the stairs only for a Ravenclaw boy to stand in my way with his wand raised.“Stupefy!” he yelled.In the midst of still running with my wand up my sleeve, I pulled it taut so my wand was against my skin as I thought, Protego! A shield popped in front of me as I bowled him over, knocking him backwards down the stairs as I jumped over him and continued running down the stairs. Idiot, now is not the time for a duel with me.“We wanted to write another couple of verses!” I heard Draco yell. “But we couldn’t find rhymes for fat and ugly — we wanted to sing about his mother, see —”Damnit, Draco, shut your big mouth up! Stop trying to provoke people into punching you! That’s basically

people you’re insulting at once! Give it a rest!“— we couldn’t fit in useless loser either — for his father, you know — but you like the Weasleys, don’t you, Potter? Spend holidays there and everything, don’t you? Can’t see how you stand the stink, but I suppose when you’ve been dragged up by Muggles even the Weasleys’ hovel smells okay —”I finally made my way outside, seeing a white-faced Draco still talking to the Gryffindor team — all of whom were out of sorts with his insults. Harry had a hold on George, whereas all three girls on their team held Fred back. I looked around for Madam Hooch, who was still in the air yelling at Vincent.Damn, damn!“Or perhaps,” Draco backed away slightly with a sneer, giving me the cue to realize that he was about to say something worse. I shot red sparks in Madam Hooch’s direction, hoping she’d notice them as I ran to the middle of the field they stood on. “You can remember what your mother’s house stank like, Potter, and Weasley’s pigsty reminds you of it —”I quickened my pace as Harry released George, and the two of them descended upon Draco.Harry pulled his arm back, and in one heart-stopping second, threw his fist into Draco’s stomach. Draco attempted to throw a punch back, and though he did get George in the mouth, the two of them on him was too much force for him to have another chance at punching them back. Their combined fury dropped him to the ground, and I heard a crunch as George got him in the nose.Their teammates screamed, “Harry! Harry! George! No!”Once I was close enough, I pulled my wand out and bellowed, “Impedimenta!”Harry and George were thrown backwards off of Draco.“What do you think you’re doing?” I heard Madam Hooch screech, blowing her whistle.I reached Draco’s side, quickly kneeling down next to him. He moaned, his hand held to his nose. “Come on,” I said, pulling on his arm. “I can’t heal your nose if you’re covering it.”With a soft whimper, he finally let me pull his arm away.I pointed my wand at his nose and muttered, “Episkey.”While his nose returned to normal, I heard Madam Hooch yell at Harry and George to go see their Head of House. Punishment for bad reactions to be determined, I thought wryly.My wand still pointed at his nose, I whispered, “Tergeo.” The blood slowly cleared.Draco sighed in relief, propping himself up by his elbows. “Thanks, Mel.”“You’re welcome,” I said, barely containing my anger. “Now, may I ask what kind of idiot you are?”“Wha — Mel —”“Are you trying to have the wrath of an entire family kill you, or do you think you’re just untouchable? If I hadn’t gotten here in time, you —”Draco leaned forward, cutting me off with his lips against mine, one hand cupping my cheek. My protests were forgotten by the time he slightly pulled away.“Huh?” I asked. I think he said something.He smirked, brushing his hands behind my neck to gently run his fingers through my hair that was curled up by my cheek. “Your hair’s been growing back.”I scoffed, “Of course it has. It wasn’t going to stay short forever.”“Are you going to cut it again?” The palm of his hand moved to rest against the back of my neck.“I don’t know. Maybe? Why?”“Don’t.”Draco’s lips were on mine again, fervently keeping me planted there. His free hand grabbed hold of my wrist, and started to pull me closer… until a shadow loomed over us.“If you are quite finished, Mr. Malfoy,” it was Madam Hooch. “I need to have a few words with you and your team.”He sighed against my lips and pulled away, “All right.” Pushing himself to his feet, he held a hand out to me and pulled me to mine.Madam Hooch pointed across the field to where his teammates stood in disappointment, “Over there, if you would.” As Draco trudged away, she turned to give me a look of approval. “That was some impressively quick work you did, Miss Riddle. You could train to be a mediwizard for a Quidditch team.”“Thanks, Madam Hooch,” I mumbled, wringing my hands awkwardly. “Erm, is the entire team in trouble for the Bludger? Or the song?”She grimaced, “This match was extremely unconventional in more ways than one. For now, I believe they merely need a revision on the rules of the game.. together.”I nodded in understanding as she walked away. Only once she was out of earshot did I realize:Damnit, he distracted me from yelling at him!

Considering Draco’s lack of ability fending off Harry and George — who hadn’t even used magic against him in the first place — I called my followers into the common room that night to basically do drills. Reviewing old spells for duelling and whatnot for the sake of actually having practice with all of the upperclassmen Slytherins.Damn Umbridge with her terrible lesson plan.“Why do you always pair me with Becky?” Draco whined to me after the latter hit him with another tickling charm. He gingerly held a hand to the stitch in his side from laughing so much.I felt bad about it, but it had to be done. Becky was pissed after everything with the Quidditch match was said and done. Harry, George, and even Fred were kicked off of the team by none other than Umbridge, herself. For violence and — on Fred’s part — attempted violence.So, to maintain some form of peace, I was letting her release her punishment on him and… well, since he thought he was clever by kissing me so I couldn’t yell at him, it was just a way of getting him to realize his mistake without distracting me in the process. Win win situation, really, because unless he learned the skills to back up his mouth I wouldn’t be there every time he pissed Harry off.“She’s the only one I trust not to go easy on you if you ask,” I admitted with an apologetic smile. “It’s for your own good. I need everyone to be capable of duelling single-handedly. I don’t want instances like today happening to you too often. If you can beat Miss Figsund at least once, then you’ll have accomplished something great, Mr. Malfoy.”He pouted as he returned to the grinning girl, “If I can even survive this. She hates my guts right now.”I chuckled as I responded, “You’ll get the hang of it — I believe in you!”I continued pacing around the room, studying everyone around me. It was a bit of a hassle, but I had made sure I paired everyone in terms of their year. A seventh year could be too imposing for a fourth year to duel, so it was a matter of keeping everyone with someone of their same level. Eventually I’d have to mix it up so everyone had variety, but for the meantime it was safer to practice against others of the same knowledge and caliber.There was nothing to be done of the ones who were obviously school slackers like Marcus had been. They barely even tried… somehow I’d ended up pairing slackers with slackers… bah, next time I’ll pair them with the hard workers. See how they continue to slack off with someone throwing spells at them.I noticed during my circulation of the room that one tall seventh year with messy brown hair was literally on his knees, constantly yelling “Protego!” as his fellow classmate barraged him with spell after spell… dear lord, she’s relentless.I silently stepped in, my presence causing the black-haired girl to respectfully pause.“Very good, Miss Dunne. Your talent is unquestionable,” I approved, the girl’s cheeks flushing in response. I turned to the boy with a sigh, his head had turned down in shame. “Can you stand, Mr. Warren?”With shaky legs, he pushed himself to his feet. He still wouldn’t look at me.“Your ability to put up a shield is honestly rather spectacular,” I amended, shocking the boy into staring back at me with wide brown eyes.“Erm — th-thank you..?” he mumbled in surprise.“You deserve the praise,” I said with a nod. “There’s not too many people that can say they’re capable of throwing it up so fast for so long. For most, after just a few spells, they would have slowed down too soon and got hit.“That being said, getting stuck on the defensive doesn’t get you very far against your opponent. Miss Dunne gave a very good show of what you might be up against in the future. If someone is trying to kill you, they’re not going to stop until they get the job done. How long do you think you’d be able to last if the battle went in this same direction?”Despite my compliment turning into a critique, he seemed to be a bit more confident in talking to me than he had when I walked over there. That was definitely an improvement as he placed a hand to his chin, pondering the scenario I had laid out.“You do have a point,” he said. “I probably wouldn’t be able to hold them off much longer.”“Precisely, which calls for a change in tactics. Since this is only practice, I’ll let it go for now, but the positions will have to change to match what you both work on,” I turned expectantly to the girl. “Miss Dunne, would you mind practicing the shield charm while Mr. Warren has a go at casting offensive spells at you?”“Not at all,” she replied.I smiled as I wandered away, “Go on ahead, then. Don’t let me stop you again.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Another hour passed before I noticed everyone was slowing down with exhaustion. I called everyone to attention, allowing them to sit down in various places around the room. The lucky ones got the couches and armchairs while the rest laid out on the floor or leaned their backs against the wall.“You’ve all done great today. Well done,” I said, looking around the room with pride as I grinned. “However, as I’ve been telling you, that was only practice! I won’t be so easy on you next time, but for the moment you can take a short break before I teach you something new.”“You mean that wasn’t all for today?” Blaise asked incredulously, rubbing a hand tiredly over his face.“Nope,” I replied smugly. “I’m going to torture you all just a little bit longer tonight before I send you to bed. Before we begin any special classes on curses, jinxes, and their counterattacks… I need to teach you all how to block your minds against accomplished Legilimens like my father.”Mutters and whispers surrounded me as everyone’s heads turned to friends and mouths moved with speedy curiosity.I chuckled, “It really shouldn’t be all that surprising. The more I build you guys up, the greater the possibility that my dad is going to expect me to send some of you on missions — whether it be with me or his Death Eaters.“After each lesson, we’re going to practice what’s called Occlumency, where you’ll be learning how to keep me out of your heads. My dad can read minds just as easily as I can… so if you can ever successfully keep me out, then you’ve got a good shot at being in the same room as him without revealing the truth behind our group here.”The silence was deafening as they stared back at me, eyes full of fear and apprehension at just the thought of being in the same room as Lord Voldemort.With a reassuring smile, I held out a hand, “Of course, I can promise that it’d be quite some time before most of you would even earn that ability and, even so, I’ll only call on you when you feel confident enough to handle it. Some of you will progress faster than others, so don’t worry too much about the outcome right now. It is all a learning process, after all.”The collective sighs from around the room brought the room’s energy down from tense to relaxed.“Oh — Melody?” Pansy raised her hand, bouncing with such urgency that I nodded to her to continue. “If that’s what we’re going to be training for, then when are we going to learn Dark Magic?”Other students chipped in with cheers and affirmations. I glanced around, silently intrigued by everyone’s enthusiasm on the subject. Everyone… except Becky, that is. Pansy’s mere mention of Dark Magic had Becky’s eyes clouding over with worry and anticipation. It obviously worried her immensely.However, not only did I not want to make Dark Magic a required lesson, but I most certainly didn’t trust anyone in Slytherin to be careful with it. It was almost like a drug… if I let them learn how to use it, there was a strong possibility that they’d start using it like they were stupid powerful. The backlash would be too magnanimous for comfort, so I preferred to hope that we could all build up some trust in each other before I taught them anything drastic.I waited until everyone had calmed down to a certain extent before answering. “Hm.. not yet.”Blaise was the only one brave enough to show his indignation. “Well, why the bloody hell not?” he demanded, walking rather bravely up to me.I glared daggers at him, causing him to take a tentative step back as I allowed my gaze to sweep the room of students around me. “I may not know all of you personally..” I said clearly. “But I do know this: none of you have the right level of restraint I’m looking for.”“Wh-what d’you mean?” Millicent asked.“Meaning that Dark Magic is complex and, due to us all still being in school, learning and practicing it requires a certain subtlety neither of you possess.“All of you have a tendency to want to curse other students in the hallways — I get it, I do — but do you realize something? Who would get in the deepest trouble with Dumbledore if there’s an army of students using Dark Magic, in particular, on others? Me. I’m the first person he’ll look at.”No one said anything. No one even met my gaze as they stared at the floor, seemingly upset that their love of torturing other students was keeping them from learning something they wanted.I continued. “He only has a smidgen of blind trust remaining for me, you know. Nothing against the lot of you, but I can’t afford to be careless about what I teach, and to whom.”“Hem hem,” a certain voice cleared its vile throat from behind me.I repressed the urge to groan, taking a deep breath before turning around. “Umbridge. What can I do for you?”“I could’ve sworn I’d heard wrong. Trust for you? What a laugh,” the woman made her point by tittering like a little squirrel. “As if the old fool were actually foolish enough to trust you, even in the beginning?”I raised an eyebrow at her. “What are you trying to say?”“Knowing that you’re You-Know-Who’s daughter has kept anybody — even Dumbledore, himself — from completely trusting you. Just look how that hope would’ve been crushed,” she gestured half-heartedly at me.“Really? And what does that have to do with my class?” I crossed my arms over my chest, electing to find the humor in her attempt to disrupt my lesson. I suppose I did make a fool of her a few times. It’s only natural for her to want to repay the favor.“Hm?” she feigned innocence, looking away from me. “I suppose nothing at all. Carry on, if you must.”I snorted, turning back to the Slytherins around me. “If there aren’t any questions, how about we get starte—?”“I bet you don’t even know any Dark Magic.”I searched the faces for who’d said that… most everyone looked around nervously, but only one tall blonde-headed boy stood staring back at me with determined eyes. “Pardon?” I asked him.“You heard me. I bet you don’t know any — you got us bowing down to your every whim, but you probably can’t even win a proper duel.”Other students gasped worriedly. I could’ve laughed — I could use these students with me in the hallways when kids from other Houses want to try duelling me! The gasps would be hilarious to hear!I felt a grin grace my lips as I backed away slightly, pulling my wand out. “Want to test that theory of yours?”“Happy to oblige,” he said seriously, pulling out his own wand.“Now see here!” Umbridge exclaimed indignantly. “This will not do! As the Head Inqui —”“Umbridge,” I growled, quickly glaring at her.She froze mid-sentence, terror showing in her rigid body and watery eyes.“Shut up,” I finished, “and sit down. This is my class, not yours.”When she did so, I turned back to the boy before me as he trembled slightly. Something about my hardened composure had thrown him completely off guard. Oops.My grin seemed to only make him more nervous, “It’s okay. I don’t bite… much….”His resolve hardened, and he quickly waved his wand, “Expelliarmus!”Protego! I thought, casting a shield silently before me.“Hey, no fair!” he snapped. “You shouldn’t know nonverbal incantations! Confundo!”Protego! I shielded myself again, eyeing him with a chuckle. “Did you really think I’d be doing any of this if I wasn’t capable of doing something so simple?”He tsked out of frustration, obviously trying to think of another spell to send at me…. He’s not very good at this, is he? He’s giving me ample opportunity to smack him with a spell to end this… but, why would I let the fun end so soon?“What year are you in?”“Sixth. Why?” he sneered.“Of course.. because I know you sixth years should have learned how to cast spells nonverbally by now. Obviously, with Umbridge here, that is not a possibility, so you have a good excuse. However — just a bit of friendly advice — you should ask Snape for some private lessons to hone that. That is if you don’t want me to be the one to teach you.”“Shut up! Bombarda!”I deflected his spell again. My turn, I thought with a smile as I waved my wand. Flipendo!The sixth year was immediately thrown on his back. Before getting up, he immediately yelled, “Fumos!”A vapor of fog emerged from his wand, slowly cloaking the area around him in fog…. It wasn’t working very fast. Amateur, I thought smugly, pointing my wand at him just before the fog completely covered him from view. Cantis.As the fog surrounded me, the boy burst into song..Whaaaat the heeeell is happening to meeee?

How daaaare you hit me with this speeeeeell —?I heard him moving around me, pointing my wand in the direction of his voice with quick succession, Colloshoo!Daaaamnit.. my shooooes are stuuck!

I laughed as I heard other students fail to keep their own chuckles inside. The room was even filled with him singing curses at them for finding amusement in his failure to get me.When the fog dissipated, as did his singing… leaving him panting breathlessly with his hands on his knees. He pointed his wand at me to shout out another spell, but with my silent Expelliarmus! his wand flew out of his hand. His eyes filled with terror as I drew nearer, pocketing my wand as I went.“I win,” I said with a smirk, placing my hands against his chest to his worried gasp… it was almost as if I’d been going on automatic. “You wanted to see some Dark Magic? Here’s one I’ve had considerable practice with.” As his eyes widened nervously, I cast Fura Visé.The sticking spell was removed from his shoes as he collapsed to the floor in an unceremonious heap, staring back at me in terror of his lost energy coursing through me.It had been a while since I’d felt the energy sweeping through my veins, and it didn’t worry me nearly as much as it should have that the thrill of feeling it again pumped through me so deeply. The darkness was as intoxicating as ever, to the point I wanted so badly to test it on someone else.I had barely glanced at a terrified Professor Umbridge before a hand touched my shoulder, and I turned to find Becky. Her eyes — though not as full of fear as everyone else’s in the room seemed to be at that moment — were glassed over with worry.“Wha —?” I started to ask.She turned me around, guiding me with her hands on my shoulders to the silver mirror that always hung in the common room. It wasn’t until I stood in front of it that I saw what was so scary.My eyes were red. Blood red.So, I thought wryly as they slowly morphed back into a silvery gray, Barty wasn’t lying to me when he said that they turn red when I use Dark Magic… then why did his eyes never change color?… I’ll have to ask Seraphina about that. In the meantime… Turning around, I walked back over to the boy. “What’s your name?”“S-Seever. Patrick Seever,” he gasped.“Thank you for allowing me to show everyone what I’m capable of….” I raised my voice so everyone could hear me properly. “I don’t want to teach Dark Magic. Even I just nearly lost myself there — as you could very well see from when my eyes turned red. Does anyone else have any other objections to my teaching?”Everyone shook their heads soundlessly.I looked back down at Patrick. “And you?”“N-no ma’am…” he mumbled, staring at the ground.“Okay..” I said, kneeling down next to him to give his energy back — taking extra care not to give him any of the darkness that came with doing the action. Ésiv Arúf.With his energy returned to him, he quickly scrambled to his feet. I felt regret as his body violently trembled, even more so as it intensed when I also stood up.“I didn’t form this group so you would all be afraid of me,” I stated, causing everyone to look curiously back at me. “Though I am far more advanced than all of you, I wanted us to be able to work together as a magically capable team. I’m putting you through training and practice so we have the time to build up some trust in each other, and we can all get stronger both in our magic and in our friendship.“I realize,” I finished with a sigh, “that it will be a bit harder to trust me. But if you’re willing to work for my trust in you, then I am just as willing to work toward your trust in me. As of now, I actually believe we’ve done enough today. Go get some rest… I’ll let you know when our next lesson is. Then we’ll start on Occlumency.”With that I walked to the steps to the girls’ dormitories, disappearing up the stairs to go to bed. I was hopeful some rest would flush out some of the Dark Magic that I’d just allowed back into my bloodstream.It was not going to be the case.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I wasn’t informed when Seraphina finally came back, but I was pleased to find her in Severus’ classroom just the same for our allotted Saturday night lesson. Lost in thought.. but still there as I’d hoped.Severus had explained to me the night before during our Legilimency exercise that she had admitted to coming across a problem she couldn’t solve. He was disconcerted, to say the least, that she would even tell him such a thing.It had been a few weeks since the issue with the boggart, so I was almost worried that she was thinking of backing out on her offer of alliance. Of course, I wasn’t intending on plaguing her with that worry.“Nice to see you back,” I commented after I’d stood behind her for only a few minutes.She seemed hardly fazed as she turned around, her eyes blank for a moment before she seemed to snap to. “Oh..! Thank you, dearie. Good to see you as well.”“Something wrong?”Seraphina smiled thoughtfully, poking a finger at my forehead as she said, “Nothing quite as important as the topic that’s on your mind right now. What seems to be plaguing your thoughts so acutely?”I sighed with my own smile, can’t get anything past you, huh…? “Fine, I’ll respect that you don’t want to tell me right now. Just know I’m here when you’re ready.”“Noted,” she replied with an appreciative look, closing her eyes as she sat down in one of the chairs. “Now, what is it?”“Well, I was curious about something…” I sat down next to her, leaning back as I talked to her, “I’ve noticed that because dad is so in tune with the Dark Arts, his eyes are always red. When I use Dark Magic, my eyes turn red for a short period of time. But when Barty was teaching it to me, and giving demonstrations, his eyes never changed color. Why is that?”Seraphina tsked at the mere mention of Barty. “Crouch hasn’t used Dark Magic to that extent, he’s not a very accurate means of comparison. There’s a reason all he is to Voldy is an underling.”“You really mean it doesn’t happen to someone who hasn’t worked with Dark Magic as extensively as you and dad?”That wasn’t the answer I was expecting… I had actually hoped that Barty’s eyes not changing color just meant he had better control over Dark Magic. That he might be able to teach me how to hone it so my eyes didn’t turn red… the fact that that wasn’t the case — since Seraphina shook her head as a response to my question — definitely scared me.“In that case,” I continued. “I do remember your eyes changing color when you used your water and blood manipulation technique on me. But they changed to a different shade of blue from your normal eye color, rather than to red like us.”Her smirk nearly said it all. “You and your father have that in common, of course. I can’t claim to fully understand why our eyes change to different shades when Dark Magic is such an unstable art to begin with, but I suppose we can think of it this way…. Just as you and I have very different eye colors in general, we’re also bound to have different eye colors when practicing the Dark Arts.”“I see,” I bit my lip in thought. “I have my mom’s natural eyes but, obviously, I have my dad’s dark-induced magic eyes… do you know what her eyes would change to?”Seraphina chuckled, “That’s certainly a way of putting it… I would unfortunately have no way of being privy to that fact. She saved me when I was a child, and that’s all I know. I never personally witnessed her using Dark Magic.”“Hmm…” I hummed to myself in disappointment. Would’ve been nice to know… however…. “If our eyes are only going to change color when we’ve practiced it a long time, then why do I already have it? How’s that for comparison when Barty’s obviously practiced for years before even teaching me what little he could last year?”“Why, you have an affinity to it, of course.”My brow furrowed, “What do you mean?”“What do you think I mean?” she giggled. “What else do you think your parents were doing when you were conceived? Those two used Dark Magic to their advantage so often, I would’ve been more surprised if you were as inept with magic as that Longbottom boy.”A snort escaped me, “In general? Yes, I suppose that would be a surprise…. So then, it’s really a matter of Dark Magic already being in my blood.”She smirked knowingly, “Just as you’re strong enough to already be adept without a wand.”“Ah, my next issue.. why does no one teach wandless magic?”“Think about it,” Seraphina reasoned. “When you first realize that you have magic, you don’t find out while using a wand. Our magic is magnanimous untapped potential that the wizarding government stifles for their own purposes. If the masses continue to believe that they need their wand, then they are helpless against the authorities if they find reason to break it. It is their way of keeping the entire wizarding world under their control. People like us — like your father — break their hold on us by not conforming to their every whim, and that is really why the wizarding world is so afraid of us.”“Not to say that the wand is completely useless, for it does work as a very potent weapon. The way it concentrates our magic into a sharp beam makes it almost like a Muggle gun but, again, it’s not that we need it to access our abilities. To lean on it, as such, places wizards at an extreme disadvantage when separated from it. The wand is a crutch, not a necessity.”Makes sense.. I thought interestedly. The world — whether magical or Muggle — is mainly built on politics. Politics are in danger when people ignore the rules set down as supposed ‘facts’ when there is really a way around them.I guess… that’s one thing I don’t mind about helping dad. The things I’m learning are making me stronger, even if some of it is clouding me in darkness that I’m afraid may swallow me if I’m not careful. Not allowing authorities to push me down — especially in concerns to Dumbledore — sounds very appealing to me.Seraphina gave a small chuckle before standing up, “I’ve allowed us to be distracted long enough. We do have lessons to cram in before you go to bed.”“Oh, right..” I said as I leaned forward. “What’s the focus tonight?”Her gaze was mischievous as she replied, “Oh, some Dark Spells that will greatly assist you when you lead the prison breakout. None more important than the aging spell.”

The heavy snow blanketing the grounds by the next morning signaled the ever-passing time before Christmas vacation — meaning that it was only after seeing the sea of white outside that it really clicked in how quickly time was passing me by.Seraphina had confirmed my worries that dad expected me to bring two of my best underlings along for the Azkaban breakout.. as a way of showcasing my ability to lead. And — to make matters worse — he expected me to leave school immediately following his command whenever he decided to issue it… something both Severus and Seraphina were having trouble compromising with either dad or Dumbledore.Dad wanted Seraphina and I at his side at his every beck and call as fast as if we actually were his followers rather than allies. He specifically stated that he was going to need me a few days before Christmas vacation to come — I repeat, as he so stated — ‘home.’ Something felt off about it to me, though… as though he had another plan he was setting in motion, and he just wanted to show off my eagerness to assist him.Either way, Dumbledore wanted to wait until vacation actually started, so it didn’t look like I was getting special treatment due to my situation. It was bad enough that Seraphina had taken me off the grounds without permission once before, he didn’t need for me to disappear more often to cause questions to be asked.As I waited for the results of the back and forth arguments Severus and Seraphina went through with each other, I attempted to focus on who would best learn Occlumency.It seemed rash to try to teach Occlumency to everyone with only about a month left remaining before we’d all be gone for a two week vacation — longer for me if Dumbledore ever relented his iron will for me to wait.In the end, I figured if I were to have to choose anyone in particular to teach.. that I wanted Becky and Draco to learn so they could come with me for the prison breakout. I had spent far too long doing everything for my dad on my own without either of their knowledge, and it felt like the best I could offer them was to bring them along.“Yes!” Becky raised a triumphant fist into the air as I explained it to them on Sunday afternoon in the common room. “Of course we’ll come with you! I’ll learn Occlumency in a minute! Let’s get started right now!”Draco groaned from his position leaning against the wall, arms crossed over his chest. “We have a month to learn it. Why don’t we enjoy the weather for once? It just snowed outside!”Becky eyed him over her shoulder, “The sooner we learn it, the sooner we can go outside and enjoy the rest of the month.”“But who knows when we’ll finish?” he whined, gesturing to the large window viewing the frozen lake we were under. “All work and no play makes for —”“Melody,” she blatantly ignored him to turn to me with a dumbfounded look on her face, “what on earth do you see in this weasel? At the rate he’s been going, even with practice, all he wants to do is slack off.”“Hey, I do not!” Draco retorted before I could say anything. “I just needed one break! You kept using that stupid tickling spell on me!”“Because the enemy doesn’t give anyone a break, you idiot!”“It was only practice, Figgy, there was no need to take it so seriously!”“Stop calling me Figgy!”I sighed with a humored chuckle, bringing their attention back to me. “What am I going to do if you two keep going at each other like this? Not exactly something presentable to take home to my dad, you know.”Becky pointed wildly at Draco, “That’s his issue! He’s the one that’s supposed to prove some type of worth — it’s what a boyfriend is supposed to do with a girl’s father! I’m just there to show what a bad influence I am!”I couldn’t help my snort, failing to hold back my laughter. “You make it sound like this is going to be a normal visit. My dad is not going to be anything like your parents, Becky.”“Right, idiot,” Draco managed to grit out before dodging Becky’s attempt to whack him. He was behind me before she could try again, wrapping both arms around my waist and resting his chin on my shoulder as he continued talking. “Besides, I’ve been trained by my father on how to properly address the Dark Lord. Impressing him is nothing I can’t do.”His breath against my ear gave a spine-chilling, ticklish sensation throughout my body that caused me to involuntarily shiver. It was hard to get a proper grasp on why such things could cause sensations like that but, I had to say, it was rather off-putting. How could I focus properly on anything with such distractions?My cheeks burned as I asked, “Do you have to do things like this?”I could literally hear the smirk in his response as his grip tightened, “Things like what?”The chill ran through me again, and I wriggled hopelessly in his grip. “You know exactly what I’m talking about! Why are you talking next to my ear?”Becky answered, “Because he possesses a severe lack of shame for his use of underhanded tactics. Knowing I won’t hit him with you in the way, and that he can get you to do what he wants.”Draco chuckled, the chill resonating deeper through my spine. “It’s not like I knew her ear would be so sensitive, but I’ll use whatever I can…. Is it working? I believe we could have just one day to enjoy the snow outside, and for the rest of the month we can learn Occlumency until our brains bleed.”“If I agree, will you put your chin on my head like a normal person?” I suddenly realized how weird that sounded after I said it, my cheeks burning even more if possible.“That’ll work,” he blessedly moved his head as requested, resting it comfortably on my head.“You let him get away with too much,” Becky said disapprovingly as I sighed in contentment.“It’s not just because of him,” I admitted, absent-mindedly running a gentle hand over Draco’s arms as I talked. “I already think one day of letting loose is a great idea. I’m sure the twins must be outside bewitching snowballs as we speak, waiting for you to join in. We could use a day to relax… rather, I certainly could.”Becky’s shoulders drooped sympathetically, “You’re worried.”“Yeah… I just hope everything goes smoothly… it all rests on how quickly the two of you can figure out Occlumency.”I couldn’t see Draco’s face, of course, but I could tell by the look Becky gave him that they were both determined to help. I had never been more grateful to have them as my friends than at that moment before we ran outside to fully enjoy the beginning of winter.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Monday morning started off sour for Draco as he gloomily stared at the staff table during breakfast.Professor Hagrid had returned. And we had his Care of Magical Creatures class to go to.It was only after we trudged through the thick snow to his cabin that I could see he’d had to have gone through something terrible. Cuts and bruises all over his face and hands proved ill taken care of and slowly healed as bruises were a mix of green and yellow, and certain cuts were bleeding as if he’d only just moments before gotten scratched by something ferocious.The half-giant — happy as ever to be back to work — held what seemed to be a half of a dead cow over his shoulder. “We’re workin’ in here today!” he exclaimed to all of us, using his head to gesture to the forest looming behind him. “Bit more sheltered! Anyway, they prefer the dark….”Both Becky’s and Draco’s grips on my arms tightened as they stared back at the professor in bewilderment. Draco’s was a lot tighter though as I stiffened from the pain of their arms squeezing me like boa constrictors.I looked over my shoulder at Vincent and Greg with a pleading look on my face. “Help,” I wheezed.They shrugged, not even bothering to try — Greg merely chuckled as I glared at them.Draco didn’t bother to hold back his feelings of panic, turning between me and the lost boys behind us. “What prefers the dark? What did he say prefers the dark — did you hear?”“He didn’t say,” Becky replied in just as much panic. “What if he’s leading us in there to get devoured?”If possible, both of their grips only tightened.That jump started me into forcefully wriggling my way out of their grasps with extreme difficulty. “Get — a — hold — of — yourselves,” I gasped, finally loosening myself from their arms. I took a few deep breaths before finishing, “He couldn’t be that reckless.”They both gave me looks that said, ‘are you serious?’I couldn’t even give any more reassurances than that, as their panic was quite understandable. It just wasn’t fair to me as I got stuck in their embrace again, sighing as I relinquished any fight I might’ve had left.Professor Hagrid looked giddily around at all the students. “Ready? Right, well, I’ve bin savin’ a trip inter the forest fer yer fifth year. Thought we’d go an’ see these creatures in their natural habitat. Now, what we’re studyin’ today is pretty rare, I reckon I’m probably the on’y person in Britain who’s managed ter train ‘em —”Draco had to interrupt, the panic settling itself more deeply into his posture and voice. “And you’re sure they’re trained, are you? Only it wouldn’t be the first time you’d brought wild stuff to class, would it?”Mainly Slytherins muttered their agreement, but even a few Gryffindors seemed to share the same opinion.Awkward.Professor Hagrid scowled at him, pushing the dead meat on his shoulder into a more comfortable position, “‘Course they’re trained.”“So what happened to your face, then?”That struck a furious nerve in the gamekeeper. “Mind yer own business! Now if yeh’ve finished askin’ stupid questions, follow me!” He led the way into the forest, the golden trio leading the rest of us behind them.“What do you think it’ll be?” Draco whispered.“I don’t know,” Becky replied shakily.“What if it’s werewolves?”“Oh, honestly,” I said with an exasperated laugh. “Werewolves aren’t even transformed during the day, let alone when it’s not even a full moon. Relax.”Becky hugged me tighter, “Protect us, Melody.”I grumbled grimly, knowing full well that Becky was only doing it to mock Draco… not that he’d realize it until later. Any magic I knew as fifth year basic, she could just as well…… Unless she really is terrified?The thought had me staring curiously down at her. When she glanced up at me and winked, I found my answer.After about a ten minute walk, we reached a part of the forest where the trees stood so close together that the area was as dark as if it were already nightfall. The ground was free of snow, and the air was eerily quiet.With a minor grunt of effort, Professor Hagrid placed the cow meat on the ground before stepping back and turning to face us again. On studying my classmates, I noticed most of them had each found a tree to hide themselves behind, only poking their heads out to look at him…. I was Becky and Draco’s tree…Professor Hagrid gestured encouragingly to everyone. “Gather roun’, gather roun’. Now, they’ll be attracted by the smell o’ the meat but I’m goin’ ter give ‘em a call anyway, ‘cause they’ll like ter know it’s me….”I was perhaps the only one that had a hard time holding back my barrage of snickers as Professor Hagrid turned toward the center, shook his head slightly to get his tangled hair out of his face, and let out a resounding shriek at the top of his lungs. Everyone else seemed to be too scared to find the humor in it so I held it in at the best of my ability.He shrieked again, everyone looking nervously around in wait for whatever he was calling to show up. I had to even hold back a gasp as Draco’s hold on me tightened once more when he quickly turned to look behind us, as though making sure nothing snuck up on us. Becky followed suit just as dramatically, leaving me gasping for strength trying to keep standing straight with all their weight on me.It was as Professor Hagrid readied up to do it again that I finally saw what we were waiting for.A thestral slowly approached the area. A skeletal black horse with wings and a dragon-like face walked over to the meat Professor Hagrid had brought, its pure white eyes unblinkingly eyeing it with hunger. It stared around at us, its skinny black tail whipping back and forth uncertainly, and then bent down to chew away at the meat with sharp fangs.A thestral — I learned from Severus in my second year — could only be seen by those who’d watched someone die. I’d witnessed our first Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Quirrell, die at the end of our first year at Hogwarts so it was no surprise that I’d been able to see them for a long while. They were the creatures pulling the carriages of second years and above to the castle from the Hogwarts train.On looking around, I knew practically no one else could actually see it. Everyone still stared blankly around, especially Draco as he continued his panicked search. Becky eyed the meat curiously, apparently noticing the meat being torn at, but obviously not seeing the culprit.The only other people besides Professor Hagrid and myself who were actually watching the thestral were Blaise — who stood behind Greg, eyeing the thestral with barely hidden distaste — Harry Potter, of course, and… Gryffindor student Neville Longbottom.Neville I had no knowledge of, but Harry I could understand. I don’t believe he was completely conscious to see Quirrell’s death.. however… just half a year before, he did see the death of Cedric Diggory. My father handled that one not too long before mom went to go see him….I watched as Harry excitedly turned to Ron.. who still stared at the trees around all of us with curiosity along with everyone else.Professor Hagrid puffed with pride as a new thestral also came over for the meat. “Oh, an’ here comes another one! Now… put yer hands up, who can see ‘em?”Harry was faster, tossing his hand in the air with pride.“Yeah… yeah, I knew you’d be able ter, Harry.”Draco looked around more frantically, Becky copying his movements. “See what? What are they? Where are they?”Neville and Blaise hesitantly raised their own hands. I… was pretty tied up as I attempted to raise a hand — both of which were weighed down by the two cowering next to me.“Can I have my arms?” I snapped, waving my arms to such a degree of straining my muscles until I was finally able to wrench free. I raised one aching arm to Professor Hagrid’s acknowledgement. “Jeez Becky, for pretending to be scared, you sure have a knack for great acting.”Becky giggled as Draco glared daggers at the back of her skull.Professor Hagrid continued, “An’ you too, Neville, eh? An’ Melody an’ —”“Excuse me,” Draco sneered, ignoring Becky’s decidedly innocent face for the time being, “but what exactly are we supposed to be seeing?”Professor Hagrid pointed at the meat, finally bringing everyone’s attention to the flesh slowly disappearing from view as I so imagined. Many gasped, but a girl from Gryffindor screeched in terror.“What’s doing it? What’s eating it?” she asked trepidly.“Thestrals,” Professor Hagrid answered. “Hogwarts has got a whole herd of ‘em in here. Now, who knows —?”“But they’re really, really unlucky! They’re supposed to bring all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see them. Professor Trelawney told me once —”Professor Hagrid thankfully stopped her there. Why does it seem like that woman has a particular love of dramatics…? More than even Becky.He chuckled, “No, no, no. Tha’s jus’ superstition, that is, they aren’ unlucky, they’re dead clever an’ useful! ‘Course, this lot don’ get a lot o’ work, it’s mainly jus’ pullin’ the school carriages unless Dumbledore’s takin’ a long journey an’ don’ want ter Apparate — an’ here’s another couple, look —”Two more thestrals walked through. When one passed by the panicking, superstitious Gryffindor girl, she pushed up closer to the tree she’d attached herself to. “I think I felt something, I think it’s near me!”“Don’ worry, it won’ hurt yeh. Righ’, now, who can tell me why some o’ you can see them an’ some can’t?”Unsurprisingly. Hermione was the first and only one to raise her hand.Professor Hagrid smiled, “Go on then.”Before she answered, she lowered her hand with a relieved sag of her shoulders. One would think she never got to answer any questions on a regular basis, as she seemed to feed off of being called on. “The only people who can see thestrals are people who have seen death.”“Tha’s exactly right, ten points ter Gryffindor. Now, thestrals —”“Hem, hem.”That blasted, interrupting cough again. I had a feeling that — considering the curse on the post she was teaching — when she finally left Hogwarts, her annoying coughs would appear in my nightmares. I found considerable humor, though, in the fact that since Professor Hagrid had never heard it before he looked at the nearest thestral with some barely hidden confusion. Under the assumption that the thestral had made that noise and, perhaps, needed some medical attention.I turned to find her standing closest to Harry, wearing a green hat and cloak with clipboard and quill in hand. She voiced her arrival again, “Hem, hem.”Professor Hagrid turned to her in surprise and smiled, “Oh hello!”“You received the note I sent to your cabin this morning telling you that I would be inspecting your lesson?” she asked him in a loud, slow voice.Dear God, she’s making him look like nothing but a dumb brute, I cringed as Draco wrapped an arm around my shoulder with a presentable smirk in Umbridge’s direction. And most of the Slytherins are eager to watch the freaking show… I can keep them from learning Dark Magic, and from tormenting Muggleborns to extreme extents.. but I can’t stop them from what might as well be considered their nature. Chaos and fun at others’ expense.For that moment, though, Professor Hagrid was none the wiser at her patronizing tone. “Oh yeah. Glad yeh found the place all righ’! Well, as you can see — or, I dunno — can you? We’re doin’ thestrals today —”“I’m sorry? What did you say?” she was still loud in her response, frowning as she cupped her ear and leaned forward.“Er — thestrals! Big — er — winged horses, yeh know!” Professor Hagrid returned at the same volume, flapping his arms in an attempt to get her to understand the whole picture. His confusion was distinguishable.Professor Umbridge raised both eyebrows at him before writing out a note in her clipboard. She muttered as she went. “‘has… to… resort… to… crude… sign… language…’”Draco snickered in my ear, enjoying the fact that someone could make fun at his expense since it was better that he didn’t. It was from this point that I purposely avoided looking in Harry and Hermione’s direction because, as bad as Severus may be in class, it seemed barely comparable to the situation Umbridge was making.Though obviously frustrated, Professor Hagrid turned back to the class to try to continue his lesson. “Well… anyway…. Erm… what was I sayin’?”I closed my eyes for a brief moment with my own frustration. Again, we get such a nice lesson, and somebody has to ruin it for everyone else. Though everyone might have been scared by something they couldn’t see, I thought it was a really nice gesture to teach us about the winged horses that take us to the school from the train. That way most everyone could see that the carriages didn’t just move on their own, they were being pulled by fascinating creatures. They perhaps weren’t as beautiful as the abraxans that Beauxbatons used, but they were awe-inspiring all the same.“‘Appears… to… have… poor… short… term… memory…’” she continued loudly.Professor Hagrid attempted to push forward past her loud mutterings, “Oh yeah, yeah, I was gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, so, we started off with a male an’ five females. This one,” he gently tapped one of them, “name o’ Tenebrus, he’s my special favorite, firs’ one born here in the forest —”“Are you aware that the Ministry of Magic has classified thestrals as ‘dangerous’?”Goddamnit, shut up.“Thestrals aren’ dangerous!” Professor Hagrid laughed. “All righ’, they might take a bite outta you if yeh really annoy them —”God, and he doesn’t know how to help his case either.“‘Shows… signs… of… pleasure… at… idea… of… violence…’”Says the one relishing in detentions where you have students’ hands bleeding.“No — come on! I mean, a dog’ll bite if yeh bait it, won’ it — but thestrals have jus’ got a bad reputation because o’ the death thing — people used ter think they were bad omens, didn’ they? Jus’ didn’ understand, did they?”“Please continue teaching as usual,” she loudly replied after writing a little bit more on her clipboard. She mimed — as he had done before to her — her actions as she spoke. “I am going to walk among the students and ask them questions.”Draco fought hard to hold back his laughter, burying his face in my shoulder. At the same time, Pansy seemed to have the same thinking because she took my other shoulder the same way before Becky could do so mockingly. Since when did I turn into the person everyone uses to hide their indecently morbid senses of humor? That and the person they clutch on to when they’re scared or — in Becky’s case — pretending to be scared?I nudged Pansy as Umbridge walked over to us, glancing pointedly at the former. The girl moved away from my shoulder, eyes teared up from laughter, to look curiously at the Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, beaming excitedly when she realized what was about to happen.It was a favorite part Slytherins played.. to be able to take the acting role in trodding over Professor Hagrid’s reputation as a teacher. They were certainly more than happy to do it the previous year with Rita Skeeter snooping around.“Erm…” Professor Hagrid uncertainly stared at her before turning back to the class, “so — thestrals. Yeah. Well, there’s loads o’ stuff abou’ them….”Professor Umbridge interrupted again as she loudly spoke to Pansy. “Do you find that you are able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talks?”Pansy was still struggling to hold back her laughs, so her answer was pretty broken up, but she did her best. “No… because… well… it sounds… like grunting a lot of the time….”“Er…” Professor Hagrid kept on, his bruised cheeks blushing as Umbridge took notes, “yeah… good stuff abou’ thestrals. Well, once they’re tamed, like this lot, yeh’ll never be lost again. ‘Mazin senses o’ direction, jus’ tell ‘em where yeh want ter go —”Draco quickly pulled away from my shoulder to proudly exclaim, “Assuming they can understand you, of course.”Umbridge smiled at my two companions as Pansy burst into another round of chuckles, her eyes roving maliciously over mine before continuing to the Gryffindor boy, Neville Longbottom.“You can see the thestrals, Longbottom, can you?”Neville nodded mutely.“Whom did you see die?”“My… my grandad.”She gestured a hand toward the devouring thestrals, the creatures having eaten most of the dead cow. “And what do you think of them?”Neville eyed Professor Hagrid nervously, “Erm… Well, they’re… er… okay….”She raised just one eyebrow that time, writing on her clipboard again with more mumbling, “‘Students… are… too… intimidated… to… admit… they… are… frightened….’”Neville’s features became visibly worried, “No, no, I’m not scared of them —!”“It’s quite all right,” she patted Neville’s shoulder, smiling ‘kindly’ at him.The level of fake in her voice and actions is sickening, I thought as I looked away. I wish for this lesson to be over already. I would prefer a day in dad’s presence over a day in hers.Umbridge continued, turning to look at our flustered professor “Well, Hagrid, I think I’ve got enough to be getting along with…. You will receive the results of your inspection in ten days’ time.”She then smiled before leaving our presence.I waited until she was out of sight before — Pansy and Draco still dying in fits of laughter with Professor Hagrid staring mournfully silently at them — I used both hands to whack them in the back of their skulls.I barely registered the fact that Becky had already moved far away from us during class to stand next to a visibly angered Hermione.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Darling — darling wake up!” a voice hissed in my ear.I blearily opened up my eyes to find electric blue cat eyes in my line of vision. Rubbing away the fuzziness, I groaned as I sat up, “What time is it?”“Midnight.”“Good night,” I lay back down.After a few mutters of what must’ve been an incantation, I suddenly found my body thudding heavily to the ground. Still tired, I sat up slightly from the ground to rub my aching skull with my eyes still closed.“Whass the big idea?” I mumbled as I stood up.“Your father wants you to help him search for the prophecy tonight.”That woke me up. My eyes shot open to find Seraphina standing there with one hand on her hip and an amused look on her face.“I didn’t expect you to be so hard to wake up,” she said with a short laugh.“I’m not a morning person,” I grumbled, rubbing my eyes to remove some more of the blurriness. “I thought Dumbledore gave the order that I couldn’t leave the grounds until winter break. It’s only a few days away, you know.”“Of course I know, which is why I prepared you for this occasion. Get dressed —” a set of robes suddenly whacked up against my face “— and before we Apparate off the grounds, you’re going to use the aging spell on yourself. We only got caught last time because you’re underage. There’s no tracking spell on you if you’re seventeen until you return to the school.”In my sleepiness, I’d forgotten she’d explained that to me when she taught me the aging spell. Last time, when we left Hogwarts to see dad, the Ministry had been aware that a student had suddenly appeared at Crabbe Chateau…. Luckily — after a minor investigation considering they didn’t know exactly who left Hogwarts — with Umbridge on our side, she had explained to the Ministry that she’d ‘allowed fifth year Slytherin student, Vincent Crabbe, to visit home for a short time, as he’d been worried sick about his dear mother’s health being on the fritz.’The fact that it was partially the truth had made it all the more convincing. His mother’s health had been deteriorating, and I had half a mind to believe that the stress of dad staying there was really getting to her. Thankfully for poor Mrs. Crabbe, Seraphina assured me that after my last vision, dad had moved back into her personal mansion — with the added assurance from Severus that the investigation into her home was no longer a priority of the Order’s.Whatever that could’ve meant.On to the matter at hand with the aging spell, we had spent the past month of December perfecting it. I’d wondered why — with the presence of an aging spell — dad and Seraphina didn’t use it as a means for living forever. Apparently, there were two problems.Problem number one: it doesn’t offer protection against death, itself. For example, get hit with Avada Kedavra, and that’s the end of that. So of course it could never be considered a viable option for either of them.Problem number two: it takes a lot — and I mean a lot — of concentration just to keep it up. I wouldn’t be able to just put it on and forget about it like with any other spell. Using it as a means to hide my real age while doing missions for dad meant I would have to focus on that, on paying attention to my surroundings, and on any other spells I was going to have to use… all at the same time.I did say we spent the entire month perfecting it, right?I spent hours keeping it on for as long as possible — it was almost as hard as seeing how long I could hold my breath for — and I’d gotten it up to five hours tops.Seraphina had even invited Becky and Draco to our private sessions — not only so I could also practice holding an aging spell over all three of us for when we took part in the Azkaban breakout (imagine the Ministry’s dismay if they were to notice such an atrocity), but —so they could get in their own practice on Occlumency.Who better than the queen of getting past even my mental barriers to assist in teaching them?Of course, the most surprising part was Draco mastering it before Becky.The look of dismay on her face as Seraphina gave him an approving nod was unlike any I’d ever seen from her before, made even worse by the look of smug satisfaction he gave as he began taunting her with how much greater he was at it.In the end, she’d gotten her groove back — after extensive one-on-ones with Seraphina to hone Occlumency — when I realized… we were going to be in Azkaban. They needed to know the Patronus Charm just in case, because who knew if any of the Dementors would act out of turn?The majority might prefer to work with my dad, but I could never just settle for believing just anything without the proper protection.Anyways, Becky figured it out within one lesson with her Patronus taking the form of a fluffy cat… Draco could barely even produce a vapor of the silvery magic. After many failed attempts, he nearly threw his wand across the room in frustration, so I settled for the knowledge that we could at least stick together and keep guard over him.He would learn it eventually.The frost of the midnight air cloaked my cheeks immediately when Seraphina and I stepped outside. I followed her as fast as I could, using a warmth spell to help me refrain from shivering even though the cold would have woken me up a little more.Once we’d reached the end of the grounds, Seraphina turned expectantly towards me.I nodded, taking a deep breath as I closed my eyes to properly imagine how far I needed to age myself. Just two years — nothing more, nothing less. Any breakage of concentration could result in some damage… God, the level of dangerous Dark Magic being taught to a fifteen year old girl was certainly astounding.I felt the familiar surge of darkness overtake me even before I softly uttered the spell, “Miscuere…”Bones grew slightly, giving the sudden feel of growing pain before immediately ceasing, and even with my eyes closed I had the sensation of being at a slightly higher vantage point. It didn’t give me much hope for anything that, even at seventeen years old, I was not going to grow very tall. The only comforting thought I had was that at least I was never going to be shorter than my mom… was….I opened my eyes, meeting Seraphina’s gaze with a nod that I was ready to go.She offered me her arm with a nod of her own — as if to say she knew I was ready to put in my efforts to help dad again.We officially walked off the grounds, silently Disapparating the moment we had completely left.

Seraphina’s mansion was gorgeous.Immaculate marble coated the floor in spiral, ghosty waves, and the matching pillars gave it the aura of an old greek building. The walls were a smooth navy blue, covered in all types of paintings and other works of art.There wasn’t time for me to marvel at all of it. I followed her through the hallways, and up many staircases… or shoes, mainly hers, were clicking soundly against the floor… until we made it to a study.Shelves of books were set up similar to rows in a library, and at the center of all of it was a long table that dad stood at with his back toward us.As we walked down one of the aisles, beige carpets muffling our footsteps, I had to notice as I studied him that he was poring over a piece of parchment nearly as wife as the table itself. The parchment was old, too. If the visibly yellowing tint wasn’t an indication, then the various cracks along the edges and the slight fading of the words certainly were.It was when we got closer that he did the barest of glances over his shoulder at us before returning his eyes to the parchment before him. “Good. You’re here.”“And you’re welcome, might I say,” Seraphina said, walking up next to him and smiling innocently when he glared at her.I came over on his other side, my attention going straight to the parchment.It seemed to be a map, but it wasn’t like any ordinary map. It was titled ‘Department of Mysteries: The Hall of Prophecies’, and depicted multiple shelves full of orb-like objects. The map itself, as I touched it, seemed to move with my hand — as if by dragging it one way, I could walk through it without actually being there.I may never get used to how amazing magic can be, I thought as I moved it back to where he originally had it. “So this is…”“Yes,” dad replied, placing both his pointer finger and thumb against the map before pushing them away from each other. The act caused the map to zoom in on a few sets of shelving labeled between rows 90 and 99. He gestured unceremoniously along the line of drawn orbs, “The prophecy must be around this area — if the information Lucius received through Bode has any merit.”“I’ve already told you it does,” Seraphina asserted, her tone irritable. “One of my followers just recently acquired a position as an Unspeakable, hence why you’ll be able to get in undetected tonight.”‘Unspeakable’ was the name of those who worked in the Department of Mysteries. This was because their work was so top secret that they couldn’t discuss it outside of the confines of their department. Not even to their own families. That was just how classified their experiments and studies were.I’d heard about Mr. Malfoy’s attempt to get someone else to retrieve the prophecy for dad. The last thing Seraphina told me was how much of a struggle he went through to lock down his control over the Unspeakable named Broderick Bode.“If that’s the case, then whatever happened to Bode?” I asked curiously.Seraphina answered, “The problem remains that — as a highly trained Unspeakable — Bode was rather resistant to Malfoy’s Imperius Curse. He almost couldn’t get him to find the prophecy off the shelf but, then, considering what happened when he did pick it up… it suddenly made sense why he fought so hard against the curse.”“Oh? What happened?”“It seems — as was explained by my follower after the incident — that no one can pick up a prophecy unless it is related to them specifically. When Bode picked it up, the defensive spells protecting it went off and caused some damage to his brain.“He was admitted into St. Mungo’s under the guise of a work incident, but the fact remains that we have to keep a close eye on him. Malfoy wasn’t able to sense from his mind exactly where the prophecy was held when he went to retrieve it, and he likely never will. The defensive spell broke the Imperius Curse’s hold on him but, for the meantime, his mind seems to be preoccupied with being a teapot.”I involuntarily released a snort, failing to eradicate the humor in the idea of someone walking around thinking they were a fragile, household object.With a wave of dad’s wand, the large map rolled up, and he turned around with an impatient gleam in his eyes. “Where is that follower of yours now, Seraphina? I am eager to get going.”“Any minute now,” she replied, briskly making her way out of the study. “I’ll go wait for her outside.”“Good.”While I have time, I thought nervously as I clasped my hands together. “Erm — dad? Are you… are you angry with Lucius over what’s happened with Bode?”His red eyes gazed curiously over me a moment before a sharp grin graced his thin lips. “I had a feeling you must’ve seen that private conversation of ours.”I stood my ground, refusing to back up in dismay that he had caught on so easily. Instead, I nodded, “I guess you could say that I’d hoped I had more merit in such decisions, despite being as young as I am.”An arm wrapped around my shoulder, the palm of his pale hand pressed up against my chest… any higher, I thought, and he could easily decide to choke me.Dad’s grin as he looked down on me was utterly malevolent as he spoke, “Yes, however… be that as it may, age is but a number. Not only you, yourself, but Harry Potter has also proven that to be the case…. No, your age is not keeping you back. The truth is… that it is because you are my daughter that your decisions are made irrelevant.”The way he said it sent chills down my spine, leaving me to gulp as I stared back at him.He continued, “No matter how old you get, that fact will never change. As my daughter, anything that pertains to you is my choice now that your mother is gone.”She’s only gone because you killed her, I thought furiously, pushing an extra wall in front of the ones I already put up. “Can I get some sort of reprieve — or even a way to prove that Draco works best under my rule?”Dad eyed me almost suspiciously for one, heart-stopping moment before giving a brief nod. “You have more time. For now. Between you and I…. since you are still mortal, I feel the need for you to have someone by your side that is capable of keeping you.. safe.”Even though I had my strongest barriers up, I couldn’t stop my eyes from widening in shock. To… to keep me safe?He continued, “If Draco can prove himself worthy, and Lucius doesn’t make any costly mistakes, then you will have nothing to worry about…. It is rather interesting how much you seem to care about him. To the point that you would be so quick to comfort him in what seemed to be his father’s most dire hour.”I flinched, “I —”“I’m not looking for wild excuses. The boy’s mind was an open book when Severus brought you with him to Crabbe’s Chateau in his attempt to help make Lucius’ mistake less grave. You were at the forefront of Draco’s mind when he and Lucius were leaving.“I chose to ignore it in favor of trusting your judgment, because you have assisted me more enthusiastically than others, and I wish not to regret it. For now, I am merely observing until something happens. Whatever your issues may be with Marcus will be deemed minor should anything happen that I don’t like.“Am I clear?”I swallowed the knot that had formed in my throat as he talked, my body suddenly numb. I knew my dad wasn’t going to be easy to dissuade, but I hadn’t expected him to know so much. I should have figured… should have known, with Lucius visiting dad on the regular, that Draco was already around him on a regular basis before learning Occlumency.The only bright side that kept me hopeful was that he hadn’t mentioned anything about Draco’s knowledge of my true feelings on the matter of pureblood supremacy. It seemed if it wasn’t something that was at the forefront of his mind, then dad didn’t pursue the subject. And if he had seen it, he definitely would’ve confronted me about it.Thank God Seraphina and I taught him Occlumency.I eyed the ground before mutely nodding that I understood. Not much else I could do.It was unnerving as, a second later, the hand on my chest shifted.. moving upwards, and brushing up against my neck. When it scraped past, I fought hard holding back my shiver until he ran his long fingers through my hair, pulling stray strands out of my face.My curiosity got the better of me. I glanced up, the look on his face indiscernible as he watched his own actions with mild interest until his eyes met mine.“Your eyes are red,” he remarked.“Side effects of using Dark Magic, especially this aging spell,” I said, completely incapable of holding back the next shiver that coursed through me when he rubbed his pointer finger over my right eye. “According to Seraphina, it might be like this because you and mom were using Dark Magic constantly, both before and during her pregnancy with me.”His grin was spine-crawling as he slowly released me. “I understand now.”“She’s here! Are you ready?” I heard Seraphina call out, appearing a moment later with a silvery, cloaked figure following closely behind her. When she reached us, her smile was wide, “Did you explain to Melody what your plan was?”“Not yet, but it is rather self explanatory. Your follower sneaks us in, and —” dad glanced pointedly at me “— you follow my every command.”I nodded in response. There was nothing else I could really say at that point.Dad glanced over his shoulder at one of the bookshelves with a smug smile before speaking in Parseltongue. “Nagini… it is time…”A low hiss sounded as the hooded, green skinned snake slid slowly off a shadowed shelf to the ground and obediently made her way to my dad’s side.Seraphina’s follower stiffened considerably at the sight of her.Dad bent down, offering Nagini his arm so she easily slid up to rest around his shoulders, before walking over to a chair and sitting down. He looked up at Seraphina’s follower, “Have you prepared what I asked?”His question jumpstarted her into action, “Oh! Yes, m’Lord!” She lifted a black briefcase off the ground that I hadn’t noticed before, and set it down on the table. When she opened it, she explained, “There is a lot of room in here. It’s mainly just extra space to store all my magical creature food so, I apologize, but please don’t mind the mess. My fiancé tends to forget to close the bags up properly.”Dad waved a dismissive hand, “It matters not, so long as it gets us in there undetected.”“It will, I promise,” she nodded vigorously. “I’ve tested its effectiveness for some weeks now.”I scrutinized the briefcase as they spoke, eyeing the fact that — even if it had a spell cast on it for more space — the opening was still too small for a human body to squeeze through. Even one as small as mine.Though he couldn’t have, dad seemed to have read my thoughts. “The briefcase is the right size because it’s so small, Melody. You’ll be transforming into a cobra for the trip. I will be possessing Nagini, so I need you to be my legs while we search.”“Understood,” I replied as I steeled myself for the extra effort I had to take. Damn, should’ve known. So then, not only do I have to continue holding this aging spell, but I also have to perform the complicated magic of  an Animagus at the same time.I suddenly wished Seraphina and I had thought of practicing for such a scenario.“Oh, dear Lord,” Seraphina snapped, reaching for her follower’s hood to shove it back from over her head. “Come now, Jessamyn, how are they supposed to know who they’re working with if you continue to hide your face? You can’t just wait until you let them out of the briefcase in the Department of Mysteries. How are they supposed to know if your face is friend or foe?”The woman — Jessamyn — glowered silently at Seraphina.Her blonde hair was tied back into a messy ponytail, and her eyes were a lively greenish blue behind square, black-rimmed spectacles. It was almost comical how openly rebellious she seemed to be with Seraphina — something that definitely irked the blue-eyed witch to no end as she gave Jessamyn a look.Dad ignored their amusing display of visible tension.“Seraphina,” he said, bringing her eyes back to him. “You will watch my body until we return.”The look she returned to him was somehow more sour than it had been when directed at Jessamyn, and I really had to hold back my need to laugh at her clipped response. “No.”“No?” the look on his face was rather livid.“I didn’t become your ally so I could babysit an empty body! That is not in the job description I agreed with!”“Life has many unforeseen occurrences,” he replied with a careless wave of his hand, his red eyes eyeing her challengingly. “Just watch over me, and don’t make me repeat myself.”She glanced shortly over at me before rolling her eyes at him with a childish groan, “Fine, I’ll watch it. But don’t expect me to be happy about it.”Dad’s grin spoke volumes as he muttered, “I’m fine with that.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛We stood in the Department of Mysteries about twenty minutes later — or, well, I was.Jessamyn had ushered us out of her briefcase once she made it to a door leading to the Hall of Prophecies on her work floor.I had been right about the strain on me between transforming into a cobra, and then turning back to myself. My energy felt like it was being drained, slowly but surely, and all I wanted to do was lay down and take a nap. The only thought keeping me awake was knowing that if I did fall asleep, the aging spell would be lifted and I’d be found out pretty quickly.Certainly didn’t stop my eyes from drooping with exhaustion, though.I took a moment after returning to my human form to adjust my magic and senses accordingly before kneeling down, reaching a disturbingly heavy arm out to my dad/Nagini as he had done.They — as I can only properly refer to the combined snake — wrapped comfortably around my shoulders, looping their tail and neck around my arms for some stability as I followed Jessamyn through the first door. Dad paid extra close attention to his surroundings as we went, and it was to such a degree that I found myself doing the same just to understand what it was he was looking at.We walked through a sparkly lit room full of bookshelves and — strangely enough —clocks. So many clocks, I thought as I stared around me. All varying from the smallest of pocket watches to the biggest grandfather clock. The constant ticking was enough to make me feel like, any longer in there, and I would’ve gone crazy.The main source of the sparkling light was a tall glass jar sitting at the far end of the room. Dad focused on that a little longer than anything else.Jessamyn led us through the narrow walkway in between a long line of desks to the door at the very end. When she pushed it open, the sight of the largest room I had ever seen took my breath away.The ceiling was almost too high up to see with the low level of light emanating from the orbs resting in candle brackets on the multitude of almost skyscraper-like shelves. The glow from the orbs was like blue flames, and varied in luminescence — no orb was the same, and that was also proven by the different labels underneath each one stating the year the prophecy was made and who it was about. The floor was covered with dark stone.Not to mention the room was very, very cold. I felt dad/Nagini shiver, but whether it was from being cold or just anticipation I couldn’t know. In any case, just to be on the safe side, I pulled out my wand for a brief moment just to cast the warming spell on them.They seemed appreciative when they slightly tightened their grip on me.“All right,” Jessamyn said as she stopped in her tracks to turn to us. “This is where I leave you. I’ll be in a room across the hall working on my own project so no one suspects my involvement in your entry. Just be careful, because sometimes there are other Ministry officials patrolling this room for any sign of intruders.”Order of the Phoenix members, I thought with a nod before replying, “Thank you.”She gave me a nod of her own before leaving the way we entered.I continued forward, reading the row numbers as I went while dad/Nagini shifted their body from one side to the other on my shoulder in active search for the right aisle. It was when I finally reached aisle ninety that they slid off my shoulders to the ground and looked up at me.“I am going to search between ninety and ninety four. You do the rest.”I barely answered with a nod before they turned around and slithered away.The search lasted a while, the time at least cut short by the lack of either dad’s or Harry’s names being artistically written under the orbs I passed. That was, at least, until aisle ninety seven. Some distance in, I finally came across the right orb, dusty from sixteen years of age and with the blue flame duller than expected.The label read: S.P.T to A.P.W.B.D.Dark Lordand (?) Harry Potter Curious, I thought as I brushed my thumb over the inscription. It’s as if they weren’t quite sure yet that the prophecy was even about Harry at the time. Strange.Taking note of how far in it was, I quietly walked away to find dad. If I tried to pick up the prophecy, then I would end up in St. Mungo’s next to Bode pretending we were being used for a women’s tea party.At the same time the thought was funny, it was also very disheartening. If I had more time to search, perhaps there’s a prophecy made about my future… I thought, wincing as the aging spell felt like it was squeezing the living hell out of my heart. The darkness of this spell is really wearing me down… but it would be great to see if, maybe, there is one. Then I can know what my path should be.I nearly kept up searching just to see if my thought was correct.But then there were screams of pain. A man’s voice… familiar, scarily enough.I bolted in the direction of the screams, throwing glances down each aisle as I went despite my certainty that dad was the reason behind the man’s screams. It was down aisle ninety three that I saw it, up against the far wall.Dad/Nagini were highly positioned on their hindquarters above a man’s body on the ground, his silvery cloak coated in his own blood… as red as the highly familiar hair on top of his head.Mr. Weasley… I can’t let him see me… I transformed into a cobra, wincing again as my energy drained a little further before sliding across the freezing floor to them.They glanced at me before returning their gaze to Arthur, “We must dispose of him and find that prophecy quickly before anyone comes looking.”“Wait, it’s not necessary,” I said, rushing forward until I was just next to him. “I found the prophecy in aisle ninety seven. We can just take it and get out of here. He’ll die from those wounds soon enough, anyway.”Dad/Nagini gave no response for a minute, eyeing Arthur — the poor man shaking and wincing in pain against the wall before us — as if in deep thought. Then they shook their head before turning to me, “That is quite all right. Let us leave now, then, and you can give me the location through Legilimency when you return to Seraphina’s mansion for your vacation. I have a better plan in mind for how to get that prophecy… Return to yourself so we can get out of here quickly.”I nearly sighed. All this only to retreat without the prophecy and, on top of that, reveal to Arthur — at the least — that the other cobra he saw is a person… oh well, then.I grew back to original form, giving Arthur one last glance over my shoulder as dad/Nagini settled themselves back across my shoulders, before walking away. Leaving the Weasley’s father to wallow in his own blood.I’m sorry Arthur… Ron, Ginny, Fred and George….⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The sight that greeted us at Seraphina’s mansion — after Jessamyn opened up the briefcase for us — was, to say the least, something that cheered me up. If only slightly, and hard since I had to hold it in.Dad’s empty body… dancing. Dancing with Seraphina.Her hands glowed slightly, one hand in one of his and the other on his shoulder as his body’s eyes glowed a clear ice blue just as much as hers did. I realized that this was something her necromancy could do — though, the question remained whether or not she had to keep a hand on the corpse in order for it to work.Probably not. That’d be too much of a drawback.Dad/Nagini moved quickly in a fast attempt at biting her as I turned back into myself once again, taking deep breaths as the struggle to keep the aging spell up and running took a heavy toll on me. I wanted to laugh at the same exact time I wanted to sleep… so tired.On a normal occasion, it would’ve been hilarious to watch as Seraphina artfully dodged their strikes, turning it into a fast paced dance that infuriated the large snake.It continued until Seraphina’s eyes landed on me.Within moments, she silently disappeared — dad’s body dropping unceremoniously to the floor — and reappeared next to me with her eyes an electric blue once more.The hiss of dad/Nagini was prolonged as they glared pointedly at her.“Well, Voldy, it’s been fun — really! But, I must get your daughter back to Hogwarts — see you again in a few days! Ta ta!”With that, we were outside the grounds of Hogwarts again. Seraphina supported my weight with some difficulty as we entered the gate, and she closed it behind us. I was extremely lucky that she was swift in returning me, because I couldn’t hold on for much longer in the state I was in.“Th-thank you…” I gasped, as I finally released the aging spell. “S-Sera.. phina…”Everything went black.

It was only thirty minutes earlier — at the same time of Voldemort/Nagini’s attack on Mr. Arthur Weasley — where, in the fifth year Gryffindor boy’s dormitory, Ron Weasley shook Harry Potter from his slumber. Said boy was sweating profusely, hissing madly and thrashing around under his covers so wildly that they wrapped into a tight knot around his body.“Harry!   Harry  !”Harry opened his eyes, but he didn’t seem to be completely there yet. His stare was dead as he seemed to assess his surroundings.

Upon pulling his arms free of the blanket, Harry held a hand to his forehead in obvious pain moments before rolling over and vomiting on the floor.

“He’s really ill. Should we call someone?” Neville murmured fearfully.

Neville stood next to Dean and Seamus, eyeing Harry over Ron’s shoulders with concern.

Ron continued shouting for the boy’s attention, “Harry! Harry!”

Harry continued holding a hand to his head, his eyes looking at no one in particular as he seemed incapable of seeing anyone around him. He pushed himself up into a seated position; the heavy lurches in his chest either from panting for air, holding back another bout of vomit, or both. “Your dad… your dad’s… been attacked….”

“Your dad!” he yelled — as if it would help the Weasley boy to better understand the seriousness of what he was saying. “He’s been bitten, it’s serious, there was blood everywhere….”

“I’m going for help,” Neville decided, running quickly out of the room.

Ron’s brows furrowed as he looked at his best friend. “Harry, mate, you… you were just dreaming….”

Harry’s face contorted with barely suppressed fury, “No! It wasn’t a dream… not an ordinary dream…. I was there, I saw it…. I did it….”

“Dreaming things up now, isn’ he?” Seamus muttered softly to Dean.

“Just a nightmare, that’s all,” Dean muttered back.

Harry threw up over the edge of the bed again, leaving Ron to jump back out of reach.

“Harry,” Ron said, his voice shaking as he trepidly looked at him, “you’re not well. Neville’s gone for help….”

Harry coughed, wiping his mouth on his pajama sleeves as his body shook, “I’m fine! There’s nothing wrong with me, it’s your dad you’ve got to worry about — we need to find out where he is — he’s bleeding like mad — I was — it was a huge snake….”

Seamus and Dean continued muttering, backing up slightly out of hearing distance — not that Harry could hear them anyway — as the boy who lived attempted to swing himself out of bed. Ron merely pushed him back down with one hand, his best friend’s body shaking so uncontrollably it was no wonder he seemed so out of sorts. He lay on his back without any more fight left in him to give.

It wasn’t long before Neville returned with Professor McGonagall, “Over here, Professor…”

She rushed over, wearing a patterned nightgown with her glasses so loosely placed on her face that it was obvious she threw them on in a hurry. “What is it, Potter? Where does it hurt?”

Harry quickly sat up again, as if her very presence gave him the energy he needed. “It’s Ron’s dad. He’s been attacked by a snake and it’s serious, I saw it happen.”

“What do you mean, you saw it happen?”

“I don’t know…. I was asleep and then I was there….”

“You mean you dreamed this?”

“No!” he snapped. “I was having a dream at first about something completely different, something stupid… and then this interrupted it. It was real, I didn’t imagine it, Mr. Weasley was asleep on the floor and he was attacked by a gigantic snake, there was a load of blood, he collapsed, someone’s got to find out where he is….”

Professor McGonagall stared at him in horror, no words escaping her open mouth.

Harry’s voice rose some more, “I’m not lying, and I’m not mad! I tell you, I saw it happen!”

That kickstarted her response, “I believe you, Potter. Put on your dressing gown — we’re going to see the headmaster.”

Harry gave no objections — rather, he hopped to his feet without any more signs of severe sickness, pulled on his dressing gown and put his glasses on his face.

“Weasley,” she looked at a bewildered Ron, “you ought to come too.”

Both boys followed the Head of Gryffindor House out of the Gryffindor dorms and common room through the corridors. The trip was silent but for a short run-in with Filch’s cat, Mrs. Norris, where Professor McGonagall gave her an abrupt “Shoo!” as they continued past until they reached the stone gargoyle that always stood guard outside the headmaster’s office.

“Fizzing Whizbee,” she said.

The gargoyle jumped aside, allowing for the wall just behind it to break in half — revealing the spiraling, stone staircase. They stepped onto the stairs, allowing it to bring them up to the oak door with the griffin-shaped brass knocker. There were already a multitude of voices speaking quietly inside despite the late night hour.

Professor McGonagall tapped the knocker three times against the door, causing the voices inside to immediately stop. When the door opened on its own, they all walked inside the surprisingly silent and dimly lit room.

The portraits of all the past headmasters sat sleeping along the walls, and Fawkes the phoenix dozed on his perch behind the door.

Professor Dumbledore sat comfortably in the chair behind his desk, leaning forward into the light of the candles scattered around his desk giving view to the papers right in front of him. He wore a purple and gold nightgown but, despite his attire, he was wide awake… as if he had been expecting for something to happen that night. He seemed to be hiding a faint aura of fury.

His harsh gaze rested coolly only on the Transfiguration teacher, “Oh, it’s you, Professor McGonagall… and… ah.”

“Professor Dumbledore,” she said, “Potter has had a… well, a nightmare. He says…”

“It wasn’t a nightmare,” Harry interjected.

Professor McGonagall turned to the boy with a frown. “Very well, then, Potter, you tell the headmaster about it.”

Though Harry began explaining what was happening, Professor Dumbledore didn’t look at him even once… merely looked down at his hands in what almost seemed like disinterest.

“I… well, I was asleep…. But it wasn’t an ordinary dream… it was real…. I saw it happen….” Harry breathed in a shaky, deep breath, “Ron’s dad — Mr. Weasley — has been attacked by a giant snake.”

There was a pregnant silence as Professor Dumbledore leaned back in his chair to stare at the ceiling in contemplation. Meanwhile, Ron’s face was a mixture of fear and shock — an uncertain reaction.

“How did you see this?” the headmaster asked softly, eyes still trained on the ceiling.

Harry’s response was pure frustration, “Well… I don’t know… inside my head, I suppose —”

“You misunderstand me. I mean… can you remember — er — where you were positioned as you watched this attack happen? Were you perhaps standing beside the victim, or else looking down on the scene from above?”

The boy’s mouth dropped open, surprised by the question as the answer was something of importance to the issue at hand. “I was the snake. I saw it all from the snake’s point of view….”

There was silence again until Professor Dumbledore turned to a very pale Ron, his tone strong and sharp as he asked, “Is Arthur seriously injured?”“  Yes  ,” Harry emphasized.He jumped in surprise as Professor Dumbledore quickly stood, turning to the portraits hanging nearest to the ceiling.  One wizard sallow-faced with black bangs and an older witch with silvery, curled hair. “Everard? And you too, Dilys!”

Seemingly asleep only a moment before, they opened their eyes as he called their names.

“You were listening?”

“Naturally,” the witch responded as the wizard nodded.

“The man has red hair and glasses. Everard, you will need to raise the alarm, make sure he is found by the right people —”

With matching, emphatic nods they each left their frames. The other portraits around the room continued their snoring, some sparing glances at Harry through narrowed eyelids before quickly closing them again in an attempt to pretend they weren’t all awake.

Dumbledore walked around his desk, past the professor and two students, on his way to a still-sleeping Fawkes as he explained, “Everard and Dilys were two of Hogwarts’s most celebrated Heads. Their renown is such that both have portraits hanging in other important Wizarding institutions. As they are free to move between their own portraits they can tell us what may be happening elsewhere….”

“But Mr. Weasley could be anywhere!” Harry said.

Professor Dumbledore ignored Harry’s outburst, “Please sit down, all three of you. Everard and Dilys may not be back for several minutes…. Professor McGonagall, if you could draw up extra chairs…”

From her pocket, Professor McGonagall pulled out her wand and waved it. Three wooden chairs appeared in front of the headmaster’s desk, and they each sat down as Professor Dumbledore used a finger to pet Fawkes’s head, waking him up.

“We will need a warning,” Dumbledore told the phoenix as he brought his head up level with his owner.

With that, a flash of fire and Fawkes was gone.

“Did you see anything else?” Dumbledore asked calmly, still looking at the area Fawkes had just vacated rather than at the boy to whom he was asking the question.

“What?” Harry asked, almost incomprehensibly.“Did you see anything else?” he repeated. “Er —   anyone   else?”Harry hesitated, his eyes glazed over in thought as his mind seemed to replay the vision for the purpose of thinking about what else he’d seen. “Well… there was… there was another snake. After… after the giant snake — the one   I   was, anyway — attacked Mr. Weasley, a smaller snake showed up.”Professor Dumbledore’s eyes darkened significantly. “Can you describe it?”

Harry’s brows furrowed in confusion, “Well… it was a hooded snake.. so, a cobra I guess? With red eyes…”

“Did the snakes say anything to each other? Anything that comes to mind?”

“Well… no… that’s where it got weird. They spoke, but it was… warbled, if that makes any sense. It was obviously Parseltongue, but I couldn’t properly hear what they were saying….”

Dumbledore placed a hand to his chin in thought.“Wait!” Harry’s eyes widened in realization. “There’s something else — the snake was an Animagus! It was a girl —   she   was a girl — but I didn’t get a good look at her… Ron had woken me up before she could pick me — I mean, pick up the giant snake.”Without another word on the subject, Dumbledore quickly bent down over a fragile silver instrument and carried it to his desk. He sat down behind it, setting the instrument on it before tapping it with his wand.

The piece began making its own ticking noise, puffs of green smoke emitting from a tube leading out of the top. This was the constant up until the smoke thickened and formed into a serpent’s head, mouth open wide.

“Naturally, naturally. But in essence divided?”

The smoke snake, as though in answer to his question, split into two, leaving Professor Dumbledore to give a nod of satisfaction before tapping the instrument a few times.

The snakes evaporated until the machine gave only light, green puffs again. What formed from the smoke then were two snake heads back to back — rather completely intertwined at the neck — and, upon closer inspection, they were very different. On one side was an open-mouthed snake like the one from before, and the other was close-mouthed with its forked tongue sticking out.

Professor Dumbledore’s frown deepened as the open-mouthed snake grew slightly larger in size. It moved slowly, but it was a prominent difference in comparison with the close-mouthed snake shrinking at an even slower pace. “I was afraid of that…” he muttered softly, “but how to make her realize….?”

Dumbledore tapped the instrument one last time, causing the instrument to stop clinking and for the smoke to die away.

As he put the instrument back, the wizard Everard reappeared in his portrait, partly out of breath. “Dumbledore!” 

“What news?” Dumbledore replied quickly.

Everard patted his sweaty brow on his curtain backdrop, “I yelled until someone came running, said I’d heard something moving downstairs — they weren’t sure whether to believe me but went down to check — you know there are no portraits down there to watch from. Anyway, they carried him up a few minutes later. He doesn’t look good, he’s covered in blood, I ran along to Elfrida Cragg’s portrait to get a good view as they left —”

Ron spasmed in his seat as Dumbledore responded, “Good. I take it Dilys will have seen him arrive, then —”

That was when Dilys also re-entered her portrait, coughing as she sat down in her armchair, “Yes, they’ve taken him to St. Mungo’s, Dumbledore…. They carried him past under my portrait…. He looks bad….”

“Thank you,” he said, turning around to look at Professor McGonagall. “Minerva, I need you to go and wake the other Weasley children.”

“Of course….” she replied, standing up to briskly make her way to the door as Harry glanced over at his white-faced friend. “And Dumbledore —” she paused before opening it “— what about Molly?”

“That will be a job for Fawkes when he has finished keeping a lookout for anybody approaching. But she may already know… that excellent clock of hers…”After McGonagall left, Professor Dumbledore began searching through a cupboard just behind the two boys. Pulling out a kettle — blackened from age and use — he set it down gently on his desk. Raising his wand, he muttered, “  Portus  .”The kettle shook lightly, glowing blue for a moment before returning to normal.

With that, Professor Dumbledore strode over to a portrait of a wizard wearing green and silver robes who seemed to actually be in a deep sleep whereas the other portraits gave up pretending. They all bent over slightly to get a better view of everything the headmaster was doing.

“Phineas,” Dumbledore uttered. “Phineas.”

The other portraits joined in, some louder than others, to help awaken him. “Phineas! Phineas!   Phineas  !”The jolt he gave proved overdramatic as he widely opened his eyes in feigned surprise. “Did someone call?”

Professor Dumbledore answered, “I need you to visit your other portrait again, Phineas. I’ve got another message.”

“Visit my other portrait?” Phineas asked, yawning widely as his eyes searched the room before resting on Harry. “Oh no, Dumbledore, I am too tired tonight….”

The other portraits burst into shouts of disapproval:

“Insubordination, sir! Dereliction of duty!”

“We are honor-bound to give service to the present Headmaster of Hogwarts! Shame on you, Phineas!”

“Shall I persuade him, Dumbledore?”

Phineas bristled, but relented, “Oh, very well, though he may well have destroyed my picture by now, he’s done most of the family —”

“Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait. You are to give him the message that Arthur Weasley has been gravely injured and that his wife, children, and Harry Potter will be arriving at his house shortly. Do you understand?”

“Arthur Weasley, injured, wife and children and Harry Potter coming to stay. Yes, yes… very well….” his tone was bored as he repeated the message before disappearing from the frame.

The door to Dumbledore’s office opened again; entered by Fred, George, and Ginny with McGonagall close behind. All of them were in their nightclothes, their tired faces extremely disoriented and their hair ruffled from their originally restful slumbers.

“Harry — what’s going on? Professor McGonagall says you saw dad hurt —” Ginny asked in terror.

Professor Dumbledore interrupted, “Your father has been injured in the course of his work for the Order of the Phoenix. He has been taken to St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I am sending you back to Sirius’s house, which is much more convenient for the hospital than the Burrow. You will meet your mother there.”

“How’re we going? Floo powder?” Fred asked.

“No. Floo powder is not safe at the moment, the Network is being watched. You will be taking a Portkey.” Professor Dumbledore gestured pointedly to the kettle he’d placed on his desk. “We are just waiting for Phineas Nigellus to report back…. I wish to be sure that the coast is clear before sending you —”

A flame appeared as quickly as it died out in the exact center of the room — a golden feather floating to the floor in its place.

Professor Dumbledore grimaced as he caught the feather before relaying, “It is Fawkes’s warning. She must know you’re out of your beds…. Minerva, go and head her off — tell her any story —”

Professor McGonagall didn’t need to be told twice. She vanished from the room without another word.

That was when Phineas reappeared, “He says he’ll be delighted. My great-great-grandson has always had odd taste in houseguests….”

“Come here, then,” Professor Dumbledore urgently told the students, who took their places in a circle around his desk. “And quickly, before anyone else joins us… You have all used a Portkey before?” They all nodded, “Good. On the count of three then… one… two…”

In the short, yet somehow long, second that Dumbledore glanced at Harry for the first time that evening, the Boy Who Lived gave a heavy look full of both pain and hatred. He held a hand to his forehead in a hopeless attempt to lessen his apparent suffering.

⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛My eyes fluttered open as everything I had done, as well as everything I had just seen, took a few minutes to sink in properly. It was hard though. I was still exhausted, and there was so much information to consider.A lot of information. A lot of guilt.Don’t be ridiculous, I chastised myself, you didn’t know Mr. Weasley would be there. What else could you have really done?Anything. Even secretly asking Jessamyn to tell a guard to check the Hall of Prophecies would’ve been a better option than doing nothing.The truth of that answer was hard to swallow as I glanced above me to see two very relieved faces — Severus and Seraphina. They sat anxiously by me, side by side, in two wooden chairs.“How long have I been out?” I asked, my voice scratchy as I looked over at the other beds in the room; all neatly made up, and without another girl in sight.Severus held a hand to my forehead, his fingers cool to the touch and leaving me to shiver at the sensation. He frowned slightly as he pulled his hand away, “It’s nearly ten. The other students are in their classes. Although, Miss Figsund was rather difficult to send away with you in this condition.Poor Becky, I thought, looking down at my hands in my lap. She didn’t know what she was waking up to this morning… I mean, it was supposed to be simple. Do it and come back to go through the day like normal. I wasn’t supposed to have a vision…. But, I suppose it was important to see.Severus seemed to know exactly what was on my mind, “What did you see?”I took a deep breath, “That Harry Potter saw the events of last night through dad’s eyes… more specifically, him attacking Arthur Weasley in Nagini’s body.”Seraphina’s eyebrow furrowed, and she leaned toward me slightly, “The same exact way you do sometimes?”“Yeah… but… kind of different…?” I said uncertainly. “I mean that.. when I have a vision like that, yeah I see things from his perspective but.. I still feel like myself. It doesn’t make any sense trying to explain it out loud, really… but, Harry seemed to be more concerned about the fact that he himself was the snake.. feeling its feelings and thinking its thoughts until he woke up. It’s really bizarre, but he acted so guilty about it, like he had actually done it of his own accord.“Erm… Severus?”Severus gave the barest nod in response.“Do you know… what time Harry and the Weasleys left last night?”His frown seemed to deepen, “Are you saying your vision was from before they left?”“Yes. Why?”He shared a strange look with Seraphina before looking back at me, “They left around five minutes before you returned.”“I thought that might be the case,” I said with a grimace as I sat up, my bones aching likely from the constant morphing the night before. “If the vision were to have worked the way it normally does, I should’ve passed out before we left the Hall of Prophecies because it started around the time Ron was waking Harry up. Instead, it didn’t happen until after I’d taken down the aging spell.”“Ahh..” Seraphina sounded thoughtfully as she put a hand to her chin, an interested smile gracing her lips. “Then that means a consistent use of Dark Magic, like holding the aging spell as you did for hours at a time, keeps the visions at bay. A barrier of sorts.”“Just my luck,” I snorted, wincing as I felt a pang of pain echo through my collarbone. “God, the aging spell plus the multiple morphs between human and cobra did a number on me…. Do I really have to use the aging spell again for the prison breakout?”“Since you’ll be going through with it anyway, you do if you don’t want to be caught,” Severus drawled.“I know,” I sighed, stretching my arms out a bit while trying to ignore the pain. “Oh, and Severus, do you know what that silver instrument of Dumbledore’s does? He was using it in front of Harry, and… it had this green smoke coming out of it as he used it. It was as if it was answering questions he wasn’t asking out loud.”Severus opened his mouth. But he didn’t get to answer.“Dumbledore has one of those?” Seraphina asked, her mouth dropped open in awe.“One of what exactly?” I asked curiously.“An ambit,” she said. “Good God, I’d never figured out how to understand those things. It’s… it’s basically the answers to any questions you may have. If you know how to decipher the answers it gives, then you can ask it practically anything and it will tell you what you want to know. Did you understand everything it was showing?”Sounds like magical charades to me, I thought with a frown. Except… “I don’t know, but.. it seemed like he asked two questions. Both answers took forms of snakes, and he tapped the machine in between each… apparition, if I can call them that…. Actually no, the first question was two questions, but it was obviously about the same subject.”Seraphina smiled smugly, “Questions about me and your father then, perhaps?”I stared at the floor in contemplation. That didn’t seem like the right answer. It seemed… so much more complicated than that. “I don’t think so. The first one was just a snake’s head — which he didn’t ask any question out loud for that one to show — but then… when he asked ‘but in essence divided?’ the snake split into two.”The three of us stared blankly at each other. No clue whatsoever, and they were the adults.“What about the results of the second question?” Severus asked.I swallowed the knot in my throat, “Well, that’s where this gets better — sarcasm intended — I think that one was about me. It was two snake heads, back to back, one snake open-mouthed like the one in the answer before… and the other’s mouth was closed with the tongue sticking out. If I had to guess, it would be that it represented two different options, because… because the next thing he muttered was, ‘I was afraid of that… but how to make her realize….?’”They shared glances again as Seraphina asked, “Did it give another answer after he asked that?”I shook my head, “He didn’t really give it the chance to, he closed it down after that.”“I’ll talk to him about it,” Severus said as he stood, towering over me with a look of concern for my well-being still on his features. “For today, you need to rest. No classes. And I’m sure Dumbledore would like to see you before you leave tomorrow for the holiday.”I frowned. It would be too suspicious to miss classes today, I thought, and I don’t want to talk to Dumbledore. He hides too much and, though he expects me to trust and respect him, I don’t see any valid reason to do so. “But —”“I’m not up for discussion on the matter, Melody,” he insisted softly. “Not for resting, nor for seeing Dumbledore. I expect both.”I bit my lip as I stared at the pleading look in his eyes before caving, closing my eyes and nodding. As strongly as I feel about Dumbledore and his actions, I did promise Severus that I’d trust and respect him at the very least… I don’t want to let him down.“Good,” he replied, resting the palm of his hand on my head for a few moments before pulling away and leaving the room.I opened my eyes as Seraphina moved to follow him, catching hold of her wrist and her surprised attention. “Can… can you do another one-on-one with Becky in Occlumency tonight? I’ll do it with Draco just to perfect his ability some more, but I — I just don’t want to leave anything to chance when it comes to Becky being around dad.”Her surprise melted into concern and understanding as she solemnly nodded. “I understand. You have my word.”“Thank you, Seraphina.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛It was during the train ride back to King’s Cross a few days later that Hermione hunted me down. She found me in a compartment with Pansy, Becky, Millicent, Vincent, Greg, and Draco with his arm wrapped around my shoulder. It didn’t take long for her to get my attention as she waved wildly from the hallway through the glass doors, but I glanced up as everyone else was distracted by the snow outside the window.“Can I talk to you?” she mouthed before quickly disappearing from view as Draco turned to look at the door.Draco turned back to me in curiosity as I readied myself to get up, “Wha —?”“Just give me a few minutes while I go do something,” I whispered, standing and making my way to the door. Becky immediately followed after me, but I gave no objections. When it came to Hermione lately, I felt a bit better with Becky at my side.After I closed the compartment door behind us, Hermione snagged my hand and pulled me down the hallway into an empty compartment. The trip was quick, but just as entirely exhausting as a run. Becky barely made it in before she closed the door.“What’s going on?” I asked, nearly out of breath. “Why’d you pull me over here like a bloody maniac?”“Phew, don’t answer yet!” Becky said, panting wildly while bent over with a hand on her knee as she held the other hand up signifying for Hermione to wait. “I just need a moment.”“I’m sorry, Becky, but it just can’t wait — Melody, do you have any idea what just happened yesterday?”I dumbed down my facial expression to blankly stare back at her, pausing a moment before answering in my most uncertain tone, “I took the day off for queasiness?”“No!” Hermione exclaimed with an exasperated sigh. “Haven’t you noticed anyone missing?”I continued my lost expression, “No?”Becky, following my lead, smacked my arm in fake vexation, “Don’t tell me you forgot I said Fred and George were missing!”“Oww,” I rubbed the area she hit with a reproachful glare in her direction. I guess I can always count on her to make the acting believable, I thought. “Well, yeah, but I didn’t really think much of it. They’re always going off somewhere on a whim…… Wait…” I turned to Hermione as if I had just realized why she was mentioning it, “did something happen?”Hermione’s gaze softened. “I guess no one told you either. Both them, Ron, Ginny and Harry went back to… to you-know-where.”Back to Grimmauld Place, I realized was what she meant.. only Becky couldn’t know where or what that was. “Is this something Becky can hear, or does she need to go back to the compartment?”Becky glanced between us with piqued curiosity. I would have to explain later that it wasn’t my fault this was all being kept from her. It was Dumbledore’s orders.She shook her head, “It’s fine. I think George will call her to St. Mungo’s for some support in any case, but —”“St. Mungo’s?” I interrupted in mock shock. “What happened?”“If Dumbledore hadn’t explained everything to me this morning, I’d’ve never known,” she explained. “But, as it so happens, Mr. Weasley was attacked by a snake. Harry had some sort of vision of it and, because of his warning, Mr. Weasley was rescued in time. He’s in St. Mungo’s now being taken care of.”Becky and I stared at her, knowing silence was the only plausible response for something so outrageous.. something so strange.Her expression brightened suddenly, “Like I said, he’s in good hands. Dumbledore said they were able to visit him yesterday, and he’s on the way to making a full recovery.”In all honesty, it was exactly what Dumbledore explained to me when I went to go see him. Though, I made my way to his office the previous night with the sole purpose of just letting him say whatever he wanted to say without needing to give much in response.It was too much to hope for when it came to him.He said not to worry about Mr. Weasley, for he was going to be all right thanks to Harry’s interference, but then it also led to a question. The same one that was bothering me as the day passed by… Does Voldemort realize that this happened? And he wanted a detailed response which, considering how much thought I’d been putting into it, wasn’t too hard to give despite that I didn’t really want to discuss it with him.I didn’t trust him, but Severus did. I knew Severus would want me to give my full opinion on the matter.“I feel like he did,” I’d said. “The fact that what we said to each other was ‘warbled’ in Harry’s perspective, and that my face was blurred, meant that da — that Voldemort — placed those precautions down. He must’ve sensed him inside his head.”Dumbledore nodded, satisfied with my answer, crossing his fingers in front of him as he studied me silently. The sense of heavy attention was maddening.Inwardly sighing, I held my wrist behind my back as I stared at the floor, “I guess you’re disappointed I disobeyed orders again by leaving the grounds. I’d like to apologize for my actions.”“And no one is more deserving of hearing those words than Arthur Weasley, but alas he cannot know about your involvement.”I flinched, still avoiding his gaze.“Nonetheless, I don’t blame you for what happened,” he continued, causing me to look up at him questioningly. “Voldemort would have done this damage with or without your presence but, even so, he insisted on you being there. Seraphina follows his command, so it’s only natural she snuck you off grounds. I admit, she was a lot more careful about it this time around, but I will always know what she’s going to do before she does it.“Now, on to the matter at hand,” he stood then, making his way around his desk to stand face to face with me. “Arthur will be all right, and that is good for now. But I’ll need you to do something for me when you return from holiday that may help you on the path to redemption. Will you do it?”I couldn’t help myself. “Do I get to know what it is before I agree to it blindly?”He stared silently back at me, not even deigning to answer my question.Oh great, why do I feel like I’m now at the center of a tug-of-war between two of the strongest wizards? I thought as I decided, instead, to just not my agreement. There was no other, better choice to make. Not when I did want to prove at least some form of loyalty to what my mother and Severus switched over to; the side that fought for love and harmony.Back on the train with Hermione with mention of Dumbledore only reminded me of the irksome fact that he still hadn’t told me what he wanted me to do. I wouldn’t find out what it was until we came back to school.“Melody…” Hermione said softly, bringing my gaze to hers. She definitely looked worried, to say the least. “Are you going back to you-know-where for the holidays as well?”“As well? I thought you were going skiing with your parents.”“Change of plans,” she replied with a shrug. “But are you?”I fought the urge to narrow my eyes as I wondered, does she expect me to be there for a specific reason? “No,” I finally said, “I’m spending it with my family while I have the opportunity.”What? It’s technically not a lie. Dad is family.“Oh,” she sounded mildly surprised. “I’m sorry, I guess I just thought…”I shook my head, walking to the compartment door in the hopes of getting out as soon as possible. I stopped at the door though to glance at her over my shoulder, “It’s fine. I’m sorry, too Hermione, but… considering everything… I just don’t belong there. I should’ve never ended up there in the first place.”“That’s not true —” she held a hand out to stop me, but hesitated just short of touching my shoulder.With a weak smile, I replied, “You know as well as I that it is. I don’t belong because I’m a danger. I just have to accept that, right?”Hermione’s hand dropped back to her side as her chocolate brown eyes watered with impending tears.On that note, I faced forward and opened the compartment door, “Thanks for telling me, Hermione. We’ve had our differences, and I appreciate your friendship, but there are some things that just can’t be helped. It’s the way of the world.” And with that, I walked out with Becky jumping into step next to me to ask what all of it was about because of her lack of knowledge on anything regarding the Order of the Phoenix.All I could think was the fact that the golden trio would be at Grimmauld Place celebrating Christmas with friends and family while I spent mine with Seraphina and… and dad. The remainder of the Death Eaters would come and go every now and then, sure, and Draco promised he’d be there as often as possible. Becky was going home with her family, and would only be with us when Seraphina picked her up for the prison breakout.Ultimately, though, it was all just going to be days of preparation before enacting the plan to retrieve dad’s most loyal followers from Azkaban. And even though the thought worried me as it should… the scariest part was that it also excited me. As much as sneaking into the Department of Mysteries with dad excited me. Doing things for and with dad gave me such a strong sense of enjoyment that I began to wonder if everyone was right to worry about my loyalty.What am I going to do?⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Author’s Note: Fun fact – when researching the strange, silver instrument that Dumbledore used, it seems I couldn’t find whether or not JK Rowling gave it any type of name. So, I used the word ‘Ambit’ which generally means: within the limits of certain rules or knowledge of something. Which I took to heart as something that knows the answer to any given thing while knowing about most everything going on in the world…. Just my word for it.

Also! I would like to reveal the fact that Jessamyn is the in-game character I created for the mobile game, Hogwarts Mystery – a game I enjoy immensely. As far as I’ve gotten into it at the point I’m writing this, I’ve only gotten her so far as her fifth year, but I began to figure that Seraphina is her age, so… why not, right? And such is a fact that makes me kind of glad I waited until now to continue Melody’s journey, because there would’ve been no Jessamyn – a woman that’s going to be very important for certain reasons I shan’t mention now.

We stood side by side in the Department of Mysteries, staring at the first door we had entered. I glanced around interestedly, as we obviously weren't there physically — the edges of my vision were partially blurry, almost like a dark mist.

"I —" I started to speak, but no sound came out of my mouth. I attempted it a few more times before turning to dad, only to find that he wasn't even paying attention to me.

Dad glanced slowly around him, carefully assessing our surroundings before opening the door into the other room and following that same routine. Then on to the Hall of Prophecies where he walked through, me following closely behind him, until aisle ninety seven where he gestured for me to lead the way.

Once I pointed out the location after a short distance in, he walked the path on his own a few more times before nodding in satisfaction.

What is so wrong with reading? I mean, come on!

He... knows Parseltongue...?Seraphina spun accusingly toward him, "You make it complicated! Ugh, you're fired from being my Parseltongue tutor!"He's been teaching it to her...?Ash's shoulders slackened as he stared back at her, a bored look on his face, "You've never officially paid me to teach you.""My God, and what have I said about correcting me?" she demanded. After a moment of glaring furiously at him, she took a deep breath and smiled, "You know my usual favorite punishment. You'll be paired up with her for the breakout."Who's 'her', I thought curiously, watching with piqued interest as Ash's hand immediately rested against his stomach and his face turned into one of terror."Oh God, Mistress, please don't do that! I haven't recovered from the last time she poisoned me!"

"You could still at least talk to him!" Barty exclaimed.Knock knock."Whatever for?"Knock knock."My Lord did tell you, didn't he?"

My eyebrows furrowed, a bad feeling dumping into the pit of my stomach. "Told me what?”Knock knock.He crossed his arms over his chest, obviously enjoying the look on my face. "Mr. Flint has been assigned to break into Azkaban on your team, princess."

"Excuse me?" I demanded, hoping I'd heard wrong.Barty raised an eyebrow at me challengingly, "You heard me."At that moment, Ash bolted past us — flinging open the front door before sprinting past a surprised Marcus, whose hand was still lifted to give another set of knocks. He gave me a sheepish grin, "What'd I miss?”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: This chapter was finished after the new year of 2021 – the first chunk of progress I was able to make on the second half of this journey.

Originally, I’m sure if I wrote this years ago, this would’ve been a jump-in to the actual breakout just to skip through all the tedious weeks of planning. BUT, in the end, who I am now wanted to showcase exactly what the vacation at Seraphina’s mansion would entail… and that included meeting at least some of her most important subordinates.

When first adding Seraphina to Order of the Phoenix all those years ago, it had never occurred to me to introduce the characters who work for her – which, of course, begs the question of “Why not?” since we know about a lot of Voldemort’s Death Eaters…… The simple answer is pure laziness.

Introduced in this chapter are Ash Z (character by @Acheron5) and Cassandra Santacruz (character by @CamilleHintonSavigne), two people that are at each other’s throats on a daily basis even in real life, though not to the same extreme that their characters are. I knew to keep up with Seraphina’s level of ability that she needed some followers to match her, hence the assassin and the poison witch are added to the mix. Another reminder for me to set down the reminder that Seraphina belongs to @LokisPuppet.

I conclude with “things can’t POSSIBLY get any worse than this for Melody.” :P

Author’s Note: To those of you that do know the game of Hogwarts Mystery — maybe you’re here because of the tag — I brought a small guest appearance from Barnaby Lee… the sole love interest I gave to Jessamyn as the main character of the ‘Jacob’s Sibling’ school years.

Also, to anyone who noticed, the prison breakout of both Barnaby’s parents AND the parents of the first bully in Hogwarts Mystery, Merula Snyde. She’ll eventually be introduced to Melody, as well.

I have seen spoilers for Hogwarts Mystery (by pure accident) that I’m including in Melody’s universe, but I don’t want to be explicit with it. I don’t want to give away too much to those that DON’T like spoilers, because I understand the feeling. In the end, I am just making things my own way (well, technically MY way and THE way of the original creators of the other characters in this book.)

But... what do I do if dad expects me to take care of more things with my followers, and notices that I don't use her anymore? He's

Author’s Note: Things didn’t go as planned for this chapter T_T because the original thing was for Becky to stay mad at Melody… but, inside my own head, the girl fought me tooth and nail about it, so it’s safe to say that it’s just not going to be in her vocabulary to stay mad at her best friend.

Be grateful… just kidding! xD

Anyway, as if I don’t have enough projects floating through my head, during this May 2021 I suddenly received the urge to write a Hogwarts Mystery fanfiction series following the game’s storyline with my avatar, Jessamyn McPhee, as Jacob’s sibling. xD

I personally know many people that started the game, but haven’t stuck with it due to the long waits for energy between tasks. As such, I’m actually eager to face the challenge of suffering through those waits from the beginning to make a series for Jessamyn as I have for Melody (even though she is currently (2021) still unfinished).

Admittedly, it would take me a lot longer to navigate through than I did with Melody, because – as seen in the past few chapters here – I have some characters to add to the plot that are not in the game.

"What do we get in return?"That was not the response I was expecting from Lissy and Trixy. I had brought them to the library the first afternoon back at Hogwarts after lunch, and asked them to find some newspaper articles in Madam Pince's secret stash pertaining to Hogwarts' Cursed Vaults and Jacob and Jessamyn McPhee.It wasn't particularly for anything but just to satiate my curiosity. Seraphina hadn't revealed much information, and bringing something up out of the past to Jessamyn seemed rude if I didn't understand how it might make her feel. Memories like that had to have a tendency to bother her, especially if it was bad enough to cause her to want to drop down from the position of a leader.She'd said 'tragedy affects us all.' That means they lost someone, doesn't it?... And Jessamyn had a hard time getting over it.. maybe even

No she didn't just try to lie to my face... ahah.

Worried...? Maybe. Wondering what he has in store for me...? Most definitely. Thinking about it...? Trying hard not to. It's

seems to make sense when it comes to him.

Someone please tell me that the look on his face is not because he's disturbed by where we have to go, I thought.

That's a long time. Sirius had a purpose for staying strong in Azkaban... and the Death Eaters did, too, frankly... but anyone else stuck in here can't stand it. They go crazy. Why does it seem like he still has a sense of self?

Memories popped up out of the blue; ranging anywhere from a mundane day inside Azkaban, to a touching moment between Morfin and his father, to their combined abuse of his sister and any Muggle that pissed them off just for existing. The worst part was that once one slapped me in the face, it took a moment for me to pull away from it... as if the memory wanted so badly to be remembered that it wanted to linger in front of our eyes, and make me forget what I was there for.

"Keep searching, Melody," Professor Dumbledore's voice echoed next to me.

Dear God, even with all these memories his head is that

"I'm trying," I growled, continuing to rifle through what I had in front of me.

I nearly brushed away what we were looking for. The memory of the deaths of the Riddles hit us, and I looked at the scene shown to me. Bodies littered the floor. Dad's dad, grandmother and grandfather all laying there... practically untouched, but dead. If I was correct, then everything we were seeing was from Morfin's point of view rather than as an outside perspective.

I chanced a glance around, recognizing the parlor room as one that had a full length mirror —

! In the mirror (which in my present time was utterly broken) showed a young version of my father staring back at himself, the hole in the memory fully apparent if the Ministry had done their job properly. I pushed my magic further, to where I was able to move his body to walk toward the mirror.

"What are you doing?" Dumbledore asked.

"Testing a theory," I replied, pulling my father's hand back in a fist and launching it forward into the mirror. The broken pieces flew as if in slow motion, the unnaturally black space inside the mirror pulling me in like a vacuum into a new area that slowly came back into focus.

I now stood in the filthiest house I had ever seen.

Cobwebs littered the ceiling, the flooring was as green as if we were still in Azkaban, and moldy food rested on plates in various positions around the room. The only light available was a small candle sitting at my feet... or, rather, Morfin's feet. The light showed multiple empty bottles also surrounding his feet. He sat in a poorly patched up armchair, the insides of which came out of the arms in fluffy clouds.

A knock on the door caused him to jerk up, raising up both wand and knife in defense.

The door slowly opened with a creak, revealing my young father holding a lit, old-fashioned lamp. He looked around him until his eyes landed on Morfin, both of them eyeing each other silently for a few seconds until Morfin suddenly swayed erratically to his feet. Bottles were kicked to the side with heavy clings.

"You!" Morfin yelled. "You!"

He practically launched himself toward dad with his knife and wand held out in front of him, ready to attack.

," dad said in Parseltongue.

Morfin slid to a stop, bumping into the nearby table and knocking pots more moldy than the plates to the floor. They were both quiet as they stared each other down... or is the right wording 'sizing each other up?'

Morfin broke the silence with a question. "You speak it?"

"Yes, I speak it," dad replied, stepping forward a little more so he could close the front door behind him. He studied the room with absolute disgust and dismay. "Where is Marvolo?"

"Dead. Died years ago, didn't he?"

Dad's mouth tilted downward even further, if possible. "Who are you, then?"

"I'm Morfin, ain't I?"

"'Course I am, then..." Morfin brushed locks of hair out of his face to look at dad a little better. A black ring on his finger was made very noticeable from the action. He whispered, "I thought you was that Muggle. You look mighty like that Muggle."

"What Muggle?" dad snapped.

Dad watched Morfin curiously before stepping closer to ask, "Riddle came back?"

"Ar, he left her, and serve her right, marrying filth!" Morfin spit on the floor yet again. "Robbed us, mind, before she ran off! Where's the locket, eh, where's Slytherin's locket?"

Dad had no response, merely listened to him rant.

“You told him.. what?” Severus asked tiredly, rubbing his fingers against his forehead with such pressure that it looked like it could eventually cave in.“Oh, come on, you know you heard me,” I said, pacing back and forth in front of his desk. I was still agonizing over my return trip to Azkaban with Dumbledore. Albeit, it had only just happened — as soon as we landed back at Hogwarts, I went straight to Severus’ office to rant. Of course he wasn’t pleased since he was trying to grade papers in cozy silence… but this was an outrage! “Besides, you want to go over what I said over what he said? He claims he doesn’t trust me! And, yet, who’s the one keeping secrets from everyone now?”He sighed, dropping his hand down on his desk to look at me with one eyebrow raised. “Can you honestly blame him? He has to look at everything that’s at stake with you knowing any sensitive information about either side of this war.”“But it’s not like I’m revealing anything to dad about what he’s doing,” I said, stopping my pacing only to cross my arms in vexation. “Isn’t that something?”“How would he know that for sure?” Severus challenged, scoffing when I exhaled a heavy breath. “There’s a perspective to look through for everything, Melody, and you make it no easier by attempting an unnecessary battle of wits.”“A battle I won, by the way,” I quickly input.“Did you really?” his tone was dripping with sarcasm. “Or could he have quit battling because he was mourning your lack of open-mindedness to what he was trying to do for you?”“Psh, as if,” I waved a careless hand. “I think he just wanted to see if there was a way to make me more compliant to his whims. Attempting to make me feel some type of remorse for someone that doesn’t deserve it. The man rotting in that cell hasn’t exactly been an angel.”“And neither have I…. What do you say about that?” His eyes searched my face so thoroughly, I was surprised he didn’t reach out a step further with Legilimency. He seemed to almost yearn for my honest opinion.“You’re different.”“Different how?”“You actually feel guilty for what you’ve had to do while working for my dad…. Morfin, he.. even though he didn’t actually kill the Riddles, he felt proud about doing it. That’s just not someone worth saving.”Severus leaned forward on his elbows, “Did it ever occur to you that perhaps the Dark Lord inserted those feelings of pride at the same time he wiped his memories?”“I —” I searched for the words to retort that it couldn’t be possible, but then why wouldn’t it? I had to do the same thing to Barty’s father the previous year — changing his thoughts and feelings — in order for him to accurately portray his son…. “I mean.. the level of pride he exuded just felt too real for me to think of it.”Satisfied with my uncertainty, Severus leaned back into his seat, “I suppose the Dementors being around had something to do with that. However, it’s also that the Dark Lord is just that capable at covering his tracks…. Morfin Gaunt may have had that small hole in his memory that you caught, but his joy at believing — no, knowing — that he’d killed the Riddle family was enough for the Ministry.”I hadn’t thought of that, I bit my lip in realization. He still did bad things in his day, but I suppose he can’t be blamed for feeling fake pride in an action that wasn’t his own. I don’t like him or his attitude, but that’s no excuse.“You need to apologize to Dumbledore.”That broke me out of my stupor in a heartbeat, “Wha — why?”“Because what I just explained to you was the lesson he was trying to teach you, Melody,” Severus explained. “If you had stopped to think about it instead of attempting to impart your own ‘lesson’ on him, you would’ve noticed it.”“At least I was straightforward about it!” I said indignantly. “Dumbledore seems to only want to impart his stupid lessons by talking in circles when he could’ve just told me that outright.”A smirk graced Severus’ lips as he said, “It wouldn’t be Dumbledore if he didn’t do that…” He then sighed, “At least make the effort to understand.. there is always a method to his madness, if that makes sense.”“Tch, it doesn’t make sense…” I frowned thoughtfully. At least if you’re going to impart some so-called ‘wisdom,’ make it so it’s understandable. It’s just a load of… “Besides, why do I have to apologize and continue to deal with his bull —?”Severus looked sharply up at me, his black eyes daring me to finish my sentence the way I’d meant to end it.“— crap,” I finished half-heartedly. “I was going to say ‘bull-crap.’”“No you weren’t,” he countered, shifting his gaze equally between me and the papers in front of him. “Anyway, you have to start learning to work with him… and stop taking action without consulting him. It was one thing when you told Lupin and Black about your visions, but now Potter has knowledge of it when he shouldn’t — and yes, of course I know… I even saw in his memories of the event in question that he told you about our Occlumency lessons.”I flinched at the end of his sentence, tense enough that my shoulders were still raised as I spoke. “Damn, is he that bad at Occlumency that he couldn’t figure out how to keep you out of his mind during the first lesson?… I heard from Barty that he was able to escape the Imperius Curse pretty swiftly last year when he was practicing it on the students for class.”His eyes rested dully on me, as if my story went right over his head. “Nice story. Don’t change the subject, Melody.” I sighed in defeat, slackening my shoulders as I did so while he continued, “As I was saying before, if you’re truly on Dumbledore’s side then you’re supposed to work together with him… not against him. In this war, we can’t afford to work alone, which is why the Order was brought back.”“Severus…” I ventured experimentally, “you don’t even work with anyone.”“That is not the point.”“Yes it is! Why should I have to work with anyone if you don’t?”Severus raised both eyebrows at me, “I work with you, don’t I?”“I — well, that doesn’t count,” I crossed my arms over my chest again, this time more tightly. “We naturally work really well together.”“There’s nothing natural about it,” he quipped, making a mark on one of the papers resting before him.“Hey now,” I replied in high offense. “You’re Head of Slytherin and I’m a Slytherin.. what’s unnatural about that? What kind of comment even was that?”“An honest one. You can be highly insufferable. Besides Melody, the main difference I’m explaining is that I do work with Dumbledore… I trust him with my life.”I grit my teeth in annoyance, his last sentence striking a nerve where Dumbledore was involved, and sat down heavily in the seat in front of him. “Yeah, well, I don’t trust him with mine.” When Severus gave me a trying look, I continued, “I have the right to say I don’t! I can’t trust him when he doesn’t outright explain what needs to be known. And he decided to expect me to help save Morfin Gaunt? I still think there’s a hidden motive to that that he’s trying to exploit in me. He brought me right to Azkaban for God’s sake! Doesn’t that sound ridiculous?”“It is no more ridiculous than you somehow finding it any better that the Dark Lord — your own father — sent you in there to break out the ones that should have never left it.”Dangit, he would go there… I thought, shifting uncomfortably in my chair. “I never claimed my logic to be flawless,” I mumbled.“You act like it is.”“So does dad…” I said, reaching quickly for that change in subject that he didn’t automatically object to. Get him off my back about Dumbledore for a while, I thought triumphantly — for if Severus noticed, he gave no indication on the matter this time around. “Like.. I’m surprised how certain he feels that Marcus would be a better fit working for me…. Protecting me, rather.”“You have to understand, Melody…” Severus leaned forward again, his eyes boring into mine as he explained. “Mr. Flint’s parents have been working towards earning the Dark Lord’s favor practically as if it were a mere hobby. They have instilled into his mind and actions that same natural ability to be exactly that — a people pleaser. Or, rather, a Dark Lord pleaser.”I scowled at his description of the boy in question as Severus leaned back to continue his balance between grading and eyeing me in slight amusement. Marcus… yet another guy I have no trust for… proven yet again by how he acted during the breakout. “He’s not that capable of —”“Really?” Severus’ tone was smug, almost taunting, though he hid any smile he likely possessed by keeping his full gaze on me. “I recall you being enamored with him for quite some time.”I narrowed my eyes, “There’s a big difference between that and partially enjoying someone’s company.”I swear his mouth twitched into a knowing smirk as he looked back down at his papers, shading his lips from view. “Whatever you say.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛‘Teachers are hereby banned from giving students any information that is not strictly related to the subjects they are paid to teach.’That was Umbridge’s new notice as Head Inquisitor that she had posted up on the board the following day. It seemed that when she was upset, she liked to exercise her control over the school even more… something I was having trouble understanding the point of.She’d even found the gall to ask me if I knew anything about the breakout during our Defense Against the Dark Arts class, to which I coolly replied that of course I knew. I even went so far as to say that if she was expecting some forewarning, she was sadly mistaken. It would’ve been fishy for her to be calm about the ordeal when the papers released the information considering she was an employee of the Ministry, high enough in the corporate ladder for anyone who knew her to recognize her moods. It would be too suspicious, of course, and I had good reason to tell her that she was a bad actress anyway.News also spread across the school of Umbridge’s vulgar attempt to sack one of the teachers she was the least impressed with. I could already tell that Professor Hagrid was one of them as each and every one of our Care of Magical Creatures class always presented her and her annoying ‘clipboard of authority.’Despite Hermione’s attempts to assist him in constructing a lesson plan worthy of Umbridge’s scrutiny — something Harry was able to discuss with me in a low whisper during one particular class that included studying crups, which were basically Jack Russell terrier dogs with forked tails that despised Muggles — Professor Hagrid had since lost his usual sense of joy in teaching. Under that woman’s watchful eye he would constantly cast a nervous glance in her direction, lose his train of thought while teaching, and even answer questions wrong.It was honestly rather heartbreaking. Even if half of the creatures he used to bring to class were beyond odd — even downright dangerous — part of the charm in attending was just to see the joy in his face on sharing his knowledge of those creatures. Remembering such a simple happiness made me think about asking her to leave him alone, but it wouldn’t make any sense in the long run considering I was only speaking to her on behalf of dad’s orders.Why do things have to be so

January passed by in a flash for the main reason that homework piled up just as soon as we returned from the holidays. As fifth years, it was our duty to study hard for O.W.L.s — or, in my case, N.E.W.T.s — and so everything at least kept me occupied during that time. Between the classes and the homework there was also balancing the extra lessons with Severus and Seraphina… plus my lessons to my followers that still excluded Dark Magic.Umbridge was beginning to relish the idea of having a squad of students under her jurisdiction to help maintain the school the way she wished it to be. What took the cake was when she started suggesting jinxes for me to teach them… to at least slightly appease her, I taught them her suggestions, but I wanted a reason first. She hadn’t been too thrilled about what I was doing in the first place, so I was certainly curious as to what changed her mind.Surprisingly, her answer was pretty straightforward: “I’ve been having this nagging feeling that Potter is up to no good. I’ve been hearing reports of students being missing for hours at a time, and returning without giving clear explanations as to where exactly they’ve been, so I hope you’ll have competent squad members picked out for me when I’m ready for them.”“I’m rather certain you could take on any one of my older members,” I readily replied. “So, whatever you need, I guess.”“Actually, there is something I would like to discuss with you,” she declared as if she were speaking to someone on equal ground as her. It irked me so much, I grit my teeth to keep from snapping at her to go away.“And what would that be?”“Your ‘friend,’ Rebecca Figsund,” to emphasize the word ‘friend’ as fake, she literally made the motions midair with two fingers on each of her hands. “She doesn’t seem to be taking her position as prefect even remotely as serious as she did at the beginning of the year. She is slacking off in her duties, blatantly ignoring calls to prefect meetings and allowing students to break rules in front of her without punishment. It is only proven by the amount of time she spends with the biggest troublemakers of all…. The Weasley twins.” It was almost impressive how low she growled Fred and George’s name, as if they annoyed her that much more than they did Filch.I held back my need to let out my frustration. One would think she wouldn’t dare approach such a subject with me, knowing it wasn’t anything I focused on. My personal concern was that she’d do something to Becky that I didn’t want done. “And.. what exactly do you expect me to do about that? Why would I care what a prefect is or isn’t doing?”Umbridge gave me a tight smile, “Just viewing my options here. When a prefect isn’t doing their job, it is in my best interest to either get them back on track or replace them. I would like to hear your suggestions.”I furrowed my eyebrows at her as though a strange phenomena happened before me. Her? Asking for my suggestions? This crazy lady? “I never thought I’d care enough to ask you this, but are you okay? Did someone’s blood somehow hit you by accident during one of your special detentions and change your personality?”The worst part was that the woman had no reaction to that whatsoever. She continued to stand there, arms resting loosely so that her hands held each other imperiously in front of me while she smiled that tight-lipped smile. Boring.“Oh. okay. You’re serious. Well…”I thought back to such an occasion during the month when I also realized that Becky was completely slacking off on her prefect duties. She merely replied that she didn’t care what Umbridge did as she was making the most of the time she could spend with George which, of course, generally consisted of breaking rules she was supposed to be enforcing. When I really thought about it, the only times I ever saw her happened to be during class… otherwise, I would barely catch a glimpse of her before going to bed. In short, she didn’t care for the position of prefect any longer.I fixed my gaze on Umbridge, “Then just pick a new prefect. Obviously Miss Figsund no longer cares for the honor.”Umbridge actually looked surprised. “You’re not going to volunteer yourself as the new prefect?”“Ew, no,” I shook my head. “I don’t have the time to deal with that. My focus is on more important things. Pick a new female prefect if you must, but don’t even think about using that stupid quill on Miss Figsund.”She frowned deeply, “But, that only disregards the fact that there must be punishment for lack of rule-following.”“She’s a Slytherin. You’ll get over it.”“Now, see here —”“Are you disagreeing with me, Umbridge?” I asked, lowering my voice to a dangerous tone that caused her to flinch. “I don’t have time for this today.”With a deep breath, she shook her head with a smile that seemed even more forced than before if possible, “Not at all, Miss Riddle.”I turned to walk away, grateful that she hadn’t tried to fight me on it. “Good.”In the meantime, on top of the general things I was taking care of, my thoughts were tied between so many things at once. There was the sensation of being the center of a tug-of-war between Dumbledore and dad, the conflicting actions I was constantly taking in concerns to Harry, the heavy curiosity about Jessamyn and Seraphina’s past, figuring out how to keep Draco and Becky in a sort of protective bubble from my dad (I know, my thinking was beginning to sound childish)… and then Valentine’s Day. The day Draco excitedly mentioned every ten minutes as though to make sure I either never forgot it, or that I was just as excited about it as he was.When the fateful day finally arrived, I awoke to a fancifully wrapped package resting at the foot of my bed. I curiously crawled over my covers to get to it, somehow ignoring the chill that plagued my body as I left the warmth of the spot I’d been sleeping in just to pick up the flat rectangular box and study it. The wrapping was a rosy pink, patterned with large magenta hearts that literally slid to the left around the package like a life-like chain. The magic of the wizarding world still had such majorly minor ways to impress me sometimes.I started undoing the crimson rose-shaped bow on top, pulling at the string once I’d loosened it so it rolled around the package until it had finally released its previous hold. Without another thought, I then tore at the wrapping, figuring I could save a heart later to tack up on my wall as a keepsake. Once the wrapping was gone, I opened the white box the hearts had covered, finally revealing a gorgeous piece of fabric.Pulling it out completely, I found myself looking at a set of black dress robes patterned entirely with green roses. In the box were also two green barrettes. The tag attached to the neck of them read a different robe shop name from what I was used to — ‘Andre Egwu’s Style Shop Extraordinaire.’Draco really went all out ordering from a different shop for clothes for me, I thought, my cheeks burning despite the fact I was the only one awake — in the room, at the very least. Becky was already gone which confirmed the suspicion that Draco must’ve asked her to bring it up, considering the dorms were not going to allow him to go up the steps on the girls’ side.I quickly changed into them, appreciating the soft sensation of faux fur on the inside of the dress robes that were sure to keep me warm during the date in Hogsmeade. Wherever we were going to be going. Technically, the weather had warmed slightly, but the issue was the number of thunderstorms we’d been having lately.It will most likely storm today… I thought, biting my lip as I made my way down the stairs to the Slytherin common room. I tried to lighten up, figuring that a bit of rain likely wouldn’t stop the day from being enjoyable. Any of my automatic walls were brought down as I felt a proper date required me to be more open-minded.Draco already stood at the bottom of the steps, waiting for me in a set of jet black robes with a single green rose hanging loosely out of his breast pocket. He beamed at me as he held his arm out for me to take, “Shall we start the day the way we should have started the Yule Ball?”I snorted, “There’s no need to be corny.” When I wrapped my arm in his, though, I beamed back, “But I am excited to see what you’ve got planned. Does it include breakfast?”“Of course it does,” he said with mock offense, walking me out of the common room. “I wouldn’t let you starve… I mean, we have to eat breakfast before we can even go to Hogsmeade.”I laughed, bumping into his side playfully. “I know. I’m only teasing you.”“Right,” he grinned, allowing his eyes to wander down my body and back up to my eyes. He spared only a short glance at the barrettes keeping my hair out of my face. “Have I mentioned how beautiful you are?”“Because of what I’m wearing?”“N-no,” he quickly stammered, profusely shaking his head. “What I mean is… is that your beauty is what makes the dress robes stand out. Without you wearing them, they mean nothing.”My cheeks burned as I turned away from him, a horde of butterflies swarming through my stomach in waves as I searched for a proper response. Nothing coherent came to mind. “Um… heh… is that.. part of a — er — poem? I think?”I could feel his smug smirk as he leaned over to whisper in my ear, “Mel, is it just me, or are you actually at a loss for words?”If possible, that made me feel even more embarrassed. “Shut up,” I said softly.“Not a chance,” he loosened himself from my hold on his arm, wrapping it around my waist instead. “It’s not often I can catch you without your walls up. You’ve actually let yourself loose today.” We walked up the stairs leading to the Great Hall, Draco leaning his head against mine with his small chuckles vibrating throughout my bones. “Did you really do that for me? I wish I could see it more often.”“It’s certainly a rarity,” I said with a ragged gasp. Everywhere he touched — despite the fact that his hand wasn’t roaming anywhere from its current position at my waist — sent an electric shock through me. I wasn’t sure if it was because my mental barriers were down or if… You know what? It is because my general barriers are down. Usually the feeling of him holding me isn’t nearly so overwhelming. “I wish I could be like this more often.”I wasn’t even lying. If I could have had days where I could take my barriers down so I didn’t feel like I had to be on the alert twenty-four-seven, I would. I only felt safe enough to keep them down that day, because Seraphina promised to be twice as much on the alert in my stead — wherever she might be hiding out — and Severus mentioned that Umbridge would be at the Ministry all day to talk to Fudge… most likely about what she considered to be lacking at Hogwarts.“I do, too, but not if your face is going to look so worried most of the time.”I shook my head in an attempt to ignore my worries, “Sorry, I forget how much I overthink.”“Don’t be sorry,” he hugged me tighter to him. “That’s my fault. I’m supposed to make you forget your worries today… looks like I have to step up my game.”I looked up at him, noticing the look of sheer determination in his eyes as we walked into the Great Hall. Just that made me realize he’d also taken down his mental barriers for the day. I smiled thoughtfully, “That sounds really nice.. but my worries aren’t just going to go away no matter how much I want to relax for a day.”“Mel…” Draco said as we sat down at the Slytherin table, conveniently next to a stack of fluffy, golden brown pancakes. “You can at least take a day off to try to forget about everything. And I’m not even asking you to do that for me… it’s for you.”“For me?” I asked curiously, watching as he set up both of our plates with pancakes, bacon and eggs.He handed me the small pitcher of maple syrup, “You’ve been running yourself ragged over the past few months. What you need is a day to relax and forget about all of that for a bit, which is why I told you I’d take care of everything.”I found myself smiling widely like an idiot at him, putting the pitcher down after accidentally pouring too much on my plate to lean toward him. Clutching one hand against the back of his neck, I pulled his lips onto mine as a form of gratitude for a day that was already feeling like a much-needed gift. He’d barely had the chance to tangle his hand through my hair before someone — Lissy — sat down next to me with a groan of disgust.“Oh, gross — jeezes, go get a room!”We slowly pulled away to glare at her and Trixy’s ‘innocent’ looks. The day had only just begun, and I already had a little sister to interrupt one of my rare moments of bliss. Is this what it is to be a teenager? I thought before crossly smacking her arm as she burst into laughter.

“Since when was there a Madam Puddifoot’s in Hogsmeade?”“It’s always been here, Mel.”Soon after breakfast, Draco and I went down to Hogsmeade hand-in-hand. He led me to a tiny tea shop, crammed so far into the cut of an alley that it was no wonder I’d never seen it before.The size was no bigger when we walked inside. The dining area possessed six small, round tables, each paired with two chairs sitting exactly across from each other. The air inside was full of so much steam that the windows were fogged up, covering the street from view. The scent was a mixture of coffee, a variety of teas, and freshly baked dough.The shop was decorated with bows and lace all around, varying in color from red to pink. Just above each of the tables hovered cherubs emblazoned in gold, their arms throwing pink confetti over them whenever a couple was sitting there… otherwise they seemed to rest patiently in place.We walked over to a table near this older boy with brown hair and a girl with blonde hair. They held hands, eyeing each other adoringly across from each other as they tenderly held each other’s hands.Draco made a snide remark at him as we sat down, “Didn’t know you could look at anything besides a Quaffle, Davies.”Both of them stopped ogling each other to glare at him. “Sod off, Malfoy,” they said in sync, stopping to stare at each other once again in awe at the realization that they had given the exact same response.When Draco opened his mouth, I stomped hard on his foot. “Ouch!” he returned his gaze to me in surprisingly mild confusion. “What?”“Isn’t today just supposed to be you and me?” I asked with a raised eyebrow.“Well, yeah, but —”“Then stop trying to piss off other people. That’ll only end the day with you in the hospital wing and me alone to over-worry again… do you want that?”Draco grimaced at the thought, instinctively reaching across the table for my hands so he could rub the backs of them with his thumbs. “You’re right… of course. It’s a force of habit, I guess you could call it.”“Is that it, or could I actually call it an infamous Draco Malfoy excuse?” I replied, revealing a smirk so he knew I was kidding.. to which he gave a mock laugh. How to help him understand…? I thought through what I was feeling, opting to discuss it with him. “Don’t worry about it too much, I just… want to make the most of a day in which I could completely enjoy our time together. No interruptions, no bullying.”His smile was heartwarming, “I get it… I’m glad I could plan this for you.”“For us,” I corrected him, pulling one of my hands from underneath his so I could rest it against his cheek. “We both needed a break.” I slowly withdrew my hand as the waitress strode over to us with a bright smile.She was a short, round lady with black hair perfectly set up in a bun — most likely to be the owner, Madam Puddifoot. “What can I get you m’dears?”“Two coffees,” Draco told her.At my lost look in his direction, Madam Puddifoot chuckled, “Something wrong, m’dear?”“Erm — yes,” I said, ignoring Draco’s flushed expression. “I — uh — I feel the need to mention that I’d rather not have coffee… I mean… I’m already short as is, you know?” I couldn’t help the nervous giggle that escaped me as I kept going, “No need to stunt my growth any further, am I right?”Her smile was kind and patient as she nodded at me. “In that case, is there a certain type of tea you prefer?”“Not really… surprise me,” I decided with a bright grin.“Coming right up!” she said, bustling away to her kitchen.A chunk of confetti floated down from the cherub above us, distributing intermittently in our hair and on the table.Draco spoke first, brushing his hand against his head to get the thin paper out of his hair. “I didn’t realize you don’t drink coffee.”He sounds so disturbed by that.. “Well, I’ve never had to outright mention it out loud, I guess,” I said with a shrug. “It’s not like they serve it in the Great Hall for breakfast. Imagine all the first years getting hyped up on coffee before class.”He snorted, failing to hold back his laughter as he nodded, “You have a point. It’s just a bit of a surprise, I guess, to realize there’s something I didn’t know about you.”Awe.. he’s just surprised that he doesn’t know everything about me. I smiled, “What can we really expect? I mean… it’s such a minor thing about me, I’m sure there’s plenty of those that we don’t know about each other. If it doesn’t come up, it’s just something that’s not known yet, you know?”Draco stared at the table in thought, “Yeah…”Now this won’t do… he seems too disappointed over it. “Think of it this way..” I said, bringing his gaze back up to me. “I literally didn’t realize you wrote a poem — maybe even poems — until last year. It never came up, right?”“I threatened Becky not to mention it,” he mumbled.“Right,” I held back my laughter at the imagery. More like she agreed just so the moment could be special whenever he told me himself… “The relationship you and I have has so much time to grow and — and mature. It’s not going to get old anytime soon, because we’ll find out more and more new things about one another… like an adventure, if that helps.”His smile, dazzlingly bright as it was, gave me relief. I’d pulled him away from agonizing over it… ha.. to keep me from agonizing, I need to keep him from agonizing. Haha.“So…” he ventured softly, the worry still present in his eyes. “It’s not going to make us feel like we rushed into things for not knowing everything about each other?”I stared back at him in surprise. So that’s what he was worried about? “I shouldn’t think so. We know quite a bit, but it makes it fun that we don’t know everything just yet. Even though we’ve been together a while, we waited this long for a first date… and to think we actually slept together before that. We just have a habit of skipping steps, don’t we?”My vocal train of thought made the exact impact I wanted it to as his worries completely faded away into laughter.Madam Puddifoot returned then with two white mugs with red hearts painted on them, both of which had steady streams of steam coming off the top. “Anything else for you, m’dears?” she asked brightly as she set them down in front of us.“We would like — er, wait —” Draco hesitated as he turned to me, “how do you feel about a cinnamon chelsea bun?”Mmm.. so, in other words, a cinnamon roll… I grinned, my tongue salivating at the thought of having the delectable pastry. “That sounds perfect to me.”“Delightful. I’ll return shortly with your treats.” She bustled away, back to her kitchen.On her retreat… who else would come inside the tea shop… but Harry Potter and his date?Draco’s eyes were immediately drawn to Harry and the girl I recognized as being the one who’d dated the late Cedric Diggory the previous year — Cho Chang. Her expression was joyous as she led Harry to the table on the other side of Davies, next to the fogged up window. Harry eyed Draco and myself before sitting at the table, turning his whole focus on Cho.To avoid Draco’s usual tendencies of insulting Harry whenever he was in the same room, I lightly tapped his cheek with my finger. He turned to me in such a daze, I could’ve laughed at the fact that it was as if he were drunk on the mere sight of him — all the most heinous insults likely lining up at the forefront of his mind.He snapped out of it when my eyes locked with his, and he shook his head as though to knock himself out of that state. “Er — right — today’s for you and me… erm, how’s the tea?”“Oh!” I withdrew my hand from his so I could hold my mug with both palms holding the bottom. So hot and soothing… “I haven’t even tried it yet…. Cheers?” I held the cup up at the center of the table, offering for a toast of sorts.He smirked, bringing up his own mug to lightly clink it against mine. “To our first date.”“To our first date,” I concurred, taking a ginger sip of the scalding tea. Ooh… mint and.. is that peach? The liquid sliding down my throat was warming me up nicely, but yet the after-effects were partially chilling as the mint did its job. “This is amazing… we should come to Madam Puddifoot’s more often.”Said woman beamed at me as she squeezed by us to get to Harry and Cho, “Thank you, dear, I’m glad you like it.”I giggled softly as I sipped it some more and watched Draco pour milk and sugar into his coffee. He took sips every so often to test the taste, more often giving a sour look before adding more sugar from the bowl on the table and stirring rapidly to mix it in. “I thought you liked coffee,” I teased, laughing as he rolled his eyes.“I do.. it’s just more bitter than I’m used to. That’s all.”I put my mug down on the table and pushed it toward him, “Want to try this?”His features scrunched up as he gave the tea a look of distaste, “This may be bitter, but you didn’t even put sugar in that.”“Because I didn’t have to,” I explained, pushing it to him a little more. “Come on. It’s good.”He pursed his lips uncertainly before a mischievous grin broke his composure. “Okay,” he wrapped his fingers through the mug’s handle. “But then.. you’ll have to try my coffee.”I narrowed my eyes, “I already know it’s going to be nasty, though.”“Same goes for your tea,” he challenged, grin widening.“Hmm…” I don’t know…“When did you try coffee?” Draco’s tone was curious. I had a good idea why he decided to ask… learn more about me than he already does.All right, I’ll bite this conversation I thought. “I’ve tried coffee many times before to see if my taste for it had changed,” I admitted, grabbing his mug and pulling it toward me. “The first time, I’d snuck a taste from my stepdad’s mug when I was eight. He drinks it black with only a smidgeon of sugar, so I was pretty much disgusted by it for some time. The last time I tried coffee… mom and Uncle Gerald had been up all night cleaning after one of their worst fights.” The thought of mom brought on an all too familiar sadness, but the memory itself pushed a much needed chuckle from me as I continued, “She made it herself. She let me try hers, but I felt like the milk and sugar didn’t mix very well in it… Gerald drank his and started panicking because it felt like his mouth was on fire — heh, she mixed hot sauce in it. We never trusted anything Gerald made after that just in case he decided to take revenge.”His gray eyes shone as he chuckled, “That sure sounds like something they’d do.”I nodded, shifting my eyesight down to the creamy texture of the coffee before me. “What made you prefer coffee over tea?”“Mother drinks tea,” he said. “She has a variety of teas at home, and… whenever I would get sick, she would make me some. Since I was sick, she didn’t put sugar in it… she poured in some honey, but it didn’t change the flavor too much.”“Maybe she didn’t put enough honey,” I suggested.He shook his head, “It wasn’t that. It made the tea sweet, but the taste was still off.. much like your mum’s coffee was to you.”“Or it was just a turn off because it was only brewed for you as medicine,” I concluded.“Oh shut up, Mel,” he scowled.I laughed, “Well, then, why do you like coffee?”He sighed, “Father drinks it…. I’ve always looked up to him, see, so I did everything I could to like it. Mother helped with that — he drinks it black, too, so she showed me that milk and sugar help it taste better….” After a short pause, he groaned, “I guess you have a point about me associating the tea with medicine.”I smirked knowingly as I tentatively brought his mug of coffee up to my lips, “Oh? What changed your mind?”He matched my movements with my cup of tea. “When I think of tea, I think of medicine…. When I think of coffee, I think of what my father represents to me. Wealth, pride, brilliance.. influence. Just.. everything I aspire to be.”My look of disgust was not meant to be because of what he said. I knew he understood that, anyway, when he gave the same face.The combination of the milk and sugar in the coffee was still vile to my taste buds. I smacked my tongue against the roof of my mouth distastefully as I put the cup down, shaking my head forlornly at Draco. “Still as disgusting as I remember it,” I said, reaching across the table for my tea back.He nodded in agreement, but he didn’t slide my tea back to me. Instead, he grabbed hold of my hand and pulled so we both had to lean forward to meet each other halfway across the small table. “I know… here’s my idea, though….”With that, Draco’s lips were pressed against mine. Soft as his kiss was, it was easy to distinguish the difference from his normal kisses. Considering he’d only taken ginger sips of his coffee before making me drink it, it was probably why I didn’t taste that. Instead was the soothing flavor of the peach and mint, mixed finely with the citrus scent of his usual cologne. His other hand likely put my tea down since he used it to cup my jawline, deepening the kiss in the process.After an undetermined amount of time, I pulled back to take some deep, relieving breaths. My cheeks were flushed with heat from the speed with which my heart was racing, along with the sensation of being watched. By everyone in the tea shop. “Um…” I was at a loss for words. The cherub dropped another chock full of confetti on our heads. Damn, having those barriers down is just making my emotions skyrocket today.Draco grinned cheekily, decidedly ignoring the confetti caught in his hair again. “That was good. Drink some more coffee, there isn’t enough of it on your lips.”You’ve got to be kidding me. “If I never drink coffee again, it’ll be too soon,” I deadpanned.“Okay then,” he relented, laughing as he leaned back. He pushed my cup back to me, retrieving his cup from my side of the table. “I feel the same way about the tea anyway. The peach does not work with the mint.”“Does so,” I pouted, drinking a few swigs of my tea. It was no longer hot, but that didn’t stop it from soothing my senses — enough that I was able to ignore the eyes that had been on us… that were probably still on us. “You just have no taste,” I sniped.He raised his eyebrows at me challengingly. “Then what does that say about you?”I narrowed my eyes at him, unable to find a proper comment to shoot back. “Hmm… touché, Draco, touché.”I was soon distracted by Davies and the blondie leaning across the table to lock lips with each other — likely as a reaction to the same action between Draco and myself — a standard I found most other occupants of the shop nervously eyeing their partners over… either in hopes of doing the same, or in fear that that was expected of them. None looked more worried than Harry, himself, as he glanced nervously between Cho and the couple… Cho merely watched them with slight interest.“Seems you started something,” I noted, returning my attention to Draco to find him staring at Harry. Hard. Exasperation rolled over me, “Draco, you can’t be serious.”He leaned back, his mouth dropped open in surprise — oh, but it wasn’t because of what I said. He stuffed his fist in his mouth, a laugh bubbling in his throat that he struggled to contain. Something Harry had done had to be beyond hilarious to him to put him in that state.I resisted the urge to sigh as I curiously looked at Harry and Cho again. In the short time since I’d last looked at them, both of Cho’s hands rested in her lap where one had been resting on the table, and Harry’s hand was holding onto the sugar bowl.Draco leaned forward, catching my attention. Chuckles still escaped him as he whispered, “Potter — tried to — hold Chang’s hand — but she — she took her hand off the table and doesn’t even know —”“Real hilarious,” I said dryly, “if only I actually cared about what was going on at their table.”His grin slowly took a downturn, becoming a face of utter confusion as he opened his mouth.“I thought you’d u-u-understand!” Cho’s voice cut through whatever explanation Draco was about to give me. “I need to talk about it! Surely you n-need to talk about it t-too! I mean, you saw it happen, d-didn’t you?”I froze in place, not daring to watch the dramatic scene unfold as one theory about what she was talking about was surfacing to the forefront of my mind. Draco’s gaze was fixated back on their table, a look of smug satisfaction gracing his features. Damn this whole situation, I nearly growled, We should get out of here before it gets worse, and Draco is more interested in that than our date. “Let’s go somewhere else, we can come back and pay later when this dies down.”“B-but it’s getting good,” Draco said, eyes never leaving the trainwreck a few tables away from us.Cho shrieked, “Oh, you’ll talk to Hermione Granger! But you won’t talk to me! P-perhaps it would be best if we just… just p-paid and you went and met up with Hermione G-Granger, like you obviously want to!…… Go on, leave!” Her voice became strangely muffled, as if she’d buried her face behind something. “I don’t know why you asked me out in the first place if you’re going to make arrangements to meet other girls right after me…. How many are you meeting after Hermione?”“It’s not like that!” came Harry’s retort, coupled with a laugh that caused me to flinch.

“Oh yes…” Draco giddily muttered, shifting in his seat so as to watch the scene unfold more clearly. My glare went unnoticed.The sound of a chair being roughly pushed back across the floor echoed through the tea shop, everything and everybody else so quiet that Cho’s last words were heard despite her tone no longer at the level of a shout. “I’ll see you around, Harry.”Where are those cinnamon rolls when you need them? I thought as the sound of a door opening, paired with the light tinkle of the bell, led to hearing the heavy pitter patter of pouring rain.“Cho!” Harry called out, answered only by the door swinging shut.An overbearing silence followed for a while until… until Draco broke his vow of silence. He burst into a fit of laughter, the continuation of which only caused my blood to boil dangerously.“Would you look at that? Potter can’t even go on a date without letting his stupid ego get in the way!”I eyed him furiously, attempting to keep my voice calm without putting up any barriers as I said, “Draco…”He obliviously continued, “I suppose it just goes to show how far he’s fallen! Precious Potter… breaker of rules and hearts! If only a writer from the Daily Prophet were here to title that as their next article!”Another chair scraped menacingly across the floor. I closed my eyes in anticipation for Harry’s usual angry outbursts coupled with a use of fists, but it never came. His feet stomped toward the exit, the shop door opening with another resounding tinkle… and to be honest, my patience had become dangerously worn out.Draco turned to grin at me, “I’d hate to be Potter right now, wouldn’t you? Can’t even go on a date without mucking things up.”A string of sanity I didn’t even realize had been thinning had just snapped. “Really? The way I see it, you’re in the same boat as he is right now.”The silence that resulted from the last act of drama actually continued. And it made me acutely aware of the fact that, even though Harry stormed out as well, I had not heard the door close either.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: Am I terrible for doing this to Melody’s first date with Draco…?

Bwahahaha I don’t even care!

( •̀ᴗ•́ )و ̑̑

 I feed off of making Melody miserable.

I actually enjoyed making this chapter… like, a lot. I don’t know if it was just because it was a mundane, slice of life scene that I don’t usually let myself indulge in…  but it was too fun.

The room was tense, the air between Draco and myself was afrizz with dangerous electricity as I glared at him. The date had every means to go smoothly — it had been absolutely beautiful, even — so why did it have to go so wrong so fast?Draco’s ego as far as Harry Potter was concerned wasn’t a surprise. Hell, I could usually brush it off as nothing more than just Draco being Draco… it was all I’d ever seen of him since the day we first met after all. So why? Why did it bug me so much just then?… Because how long could I possibly bear to hear about the same person — every second of every day — from two people of differing importances in my life? Nothing against Harry, of course… but oh my God. Was there no other interesting subject in my life? Could there be no one else to focus on?“Why are you so angry all of a sudden?” Draco asked with furrowed eyebrows. “It’s not my fault Potter mucked up his date so publicly. He was asking for an audience!”I ground my teeth together in frustration. “Can you not think about Harry Potter for even one second?”His furrowed eyebrows raised indignantly at me. I sensed a barrier rising up in his mind, blocking any possible intrusion as if he believed I was going to charge my way in there. “Me think about him? He didn’t even cross my mind until he came in here and ruined the atmosphere with his presence!”“You had no reason to even be bothered with him,” I snapped. “So what if his date didn’t go so well? Ours was doing just fine until he came in, and he was suddenly all you could pay attention to!”“Mel —” he reached his hand across the table for mine, though I swiftly retracted it. His eyes were decidedly not regretful, but who could know when he’d blocked his mind and emotions off from me? “You’re overreacting. We can still have a good date — he’s gone now. Out of sight, out of mind.”It’s not that easy, I thought with an infuriated scowl. “That’s not good enough, Draco. Why is it that no matter what’s going on, you quickly get distracted the moment he’s around? And you always have something unpleasant to say to get him worked up.”“Melody — please, don’t — don’t do this right now,” Draco said with an adamant shake of his head, his tone disapproving. As though I was really about to be shaken by him getting upset about the turn of events.“Don’t do what?.. Huh? Tell you how much it annoys me when you do that? I guess I shouldn’t be surprised, considering the last time I took Potter’s side was when you and I were on bad terms for about half a year. We may have made up, but how I felt about it didn’t change….”His mouth went taut in such a way that it was obvious he’d clenched his teeth, along with his hands pressed firmly against the table. No response was given other than a furious but lost gaze from him.“What — just what do you get out of being so nasty to him?” I asked.Draco turned his head away from me, staring vacantly at the empty table Harry and Cho had been sitting. “I wouldn’t expect you to understand… you act like you don’t even know what side you’re on half the time.”I leaned back in my seat, a failed attempt at hiding a pained flinch as I stared at the side of his tense face. My barriers were built up in my mind full force, steeling my gaze as I pondered the conundrum before me. Is this really what everything comes down to…? Another problem with my double life, if I can call it that.…? Unless I pick the side of the Order, I won’t get Becky back… and unless I pick my dad’s side as his fully loyal ally, it sounds like I won’t have Draco. Why can’t being a spy be easy? Why does it look so easy when Severus handles it? …… It’s because Severus doesn’t really have anyone in his life that he cares about. He has me who’s trying to live that same double life, and he has a two-faced Dumbledore that wants to keep him in that situation.I didn’t want to lose Becky. I mean, according to her I didn’t

lose her, but she hasn’t been around like she used to… and when she leaves with the twins, it’s definitely a loss of her presence.

I don’t want to lose Draco, too.. but I can’t let this continue either. How could I make him understand that his petty rivalry with Harry won’t be necessary in the long run…? It could only ever be a hindrance to what we’re setting out to accomplish. And he

I hang — well, used to hang — with Hermione in the library…. Unless he assumed that when I stopped doing so, it meant I’d changed my outlook……“I…” I tried to find something insightful to say without the nosy people around us understanding possible context clues. Anything that could deeply explain why I hate it without mentioning my dad. Except.. not only could I not find anything, but I was feeling so alone and vexed that I didn’t even have the energy to talk to him anymore. I sighed in resignation, “You know what, Draco? Just leave. I don’t even want to look at you right now.”He snapped his attention back to me, “What?”“You heard me,” I replied, closing my eyes in hopes of avoiding further exposure to his indignation.“I don’t understand what your problem is —”“Really? Even though I’ve just explained it to you?”“There’s got to be something more that you haven’t explained. Normally, what I say to Potter doesn’t bother you.”Doesn’t bother me? What world does he live in? “Then you must not be very observant. Just because I don’t say anything doesn’t mean I’m enjoying it.”“What am I supposed to observe?!” Draco demanded shrilly. “Mel, you block your emotions all the time! I can’t observe your face if it doesn’t tell me anything! Am I just supposed to remember not to say anything about him when you’re around? After all this time, do you really believe that’s going to happen? We might as well break up again before I can change that.”I opened my eyes to glare pointedly at him, his gaze meeting mine just as intensely. His lack of understanding just made me so mad. “If me not being with you is what it takes to get you to realize that, then so be it.”The way he flinched back, eyebrows furrowed and mouth open in shock, rivaled my previous reaction. There was no response from his lips, his silence giving me reason to believe his mind was reeling at my response.A shadow covered him then, and we both looked up to see Harry standing there staring down at him with a rather smug smile. “You heard her, Malfoy. Sod off already.”Draco’s hands balled up into fists again as he glared up at him. With one hurt glance at me, he shoved his seat back with a heavy scrape and stormed out.The cafe was silent again, occupants staring at me as if they might get more drama with just me remaining. With my short glare in each of their directions, they promptly returned to their dates… though they weren’t quite as enthusiastic with their conversations as before.I sighed forlornly, expanding it into a full-on groan as I buried my face in my hands. All that… and I still haven’t gotten that cinnamon roll.“Are you okay?” Harry asked softly.“Peachy…” I dropped my hands down onto the table, imagining that without my barriers being back up my eyes would have likely began to tear up. I glanced back up at him, forcing a small smile to my mouth as I asked, “Are you okay?”“Fantastic.”I snorted. Two people on such opposite sides of the spectrum… using sarcasm to describe a horrible first date. I didn’t know he had it in him.“Mind if I sit with you?”“No, please,” I gestured half-heartedly to the empty seat. “Be my guest. Might as well salvage what we can of the day.”“Er — thanks,” he sat down, scooting the seat forward so he could comfortably rest his elbows on the table.It was a quiet minute as we sat there staring at each other, long enough that I couldn’t stop myself from chuckling at the situation. A day that was supposed to be spent with the guy I liked was now replaced with sitting with my dad’s greatest enemy. I had thought him bringing me to the Room of Requirement was ironic, but I had been wrong. This is ironic.Harry’s face contorted into confusion, “What’s so funny?”“I’m sorry,” I said, relieving a few last chuckles. “It’s just the whole situation is one I didn’t expect. Maybe it’s just me feeling delirious about how bad that went… and, if you can believe it, it was our first date.”“Seriously?” he asked dubiously. “You have been officially dating him for this long and never gone on an actual date before?”An amused smile still rested on my face as I nodded. “Maybe it went wrong because we did everything totally backwards. Or, perhaps, it was just bound to happen that way and we only delayed the inevitable. It’s a complicated relationship we have.”“I see that.”Madam Puddifoot arrived then, carrying a platter of two cinnamon rolls drenched in delectable pink icing and decorated with red, heart-shaped sprinkles. “Here you are, dearies.. — oh!” The poor woman had no clue how to process, or even respond to, the fact that a different boy sat across from me before. She even looked to the empty table he’d last resided in, also missing the girl he’d been with.“I left the payment for our drinks on the table,” Harry informed her.Damn… I belatedly realized as she nodded good-naturedly. I can’t believe it didn’t occur to me until now… Draco left me with the check…… He’s lucky I’m not broke.I smiled gratefully up at her, “Thank you for everything, Madam Puddifoot. I’ll pay for everything before I leave, I just need another twenty minutes…. Erm — Harry?” I returned my attention to the golden boy, “You can have the other cinnamon roll — or, I mean, cinnamon chelsea buns — if you want, but do you want anything else? I can pay, so you don’t have to worry about it.”Slightly taken aback, he replied, “I s’pose I’ll take another coffee.”With an affirmative nod, I vocalized, “Okay, one coffee, and I’d love a second cup of this tea. Thank you.”“Coming right up,” Madam Puddifoot replied, quickly scurrying away. It seemed she was still uncertain what to make of our partner exchange.Shrugging the awkwardness away, I reached forward and delicately picked up the cinnamon roll. My thumb and forefinger indented the dough slightly, the icing making the palm of my hand sticky no matter how hard I tried to just hold it by my fingertips. When I took a tentative bite, I held back the urge to hum ecstatically. The flavor seemed to explode across my tongue as I chewed, the sweet mix of strawberry and sugar perfectly blended with the soft dough.Harry picked his up too, but he didn’t have much of a reaction. He obviously liked it — he took two bites right then and there — but I didn’t feel that same sense of enjoyment from the great flavors emanating from him. As if it was just like any other thing he’s eaten lately.Boring.We chewed peacefully, the quiet seemingly expanding between us especially as couples began to leave the cafe. Impressively enough, he was the one to break the silence.“How often do you argue with him like that?”“Hmm..” I thought on that a moment before uncertainly replying, “Not often?”“You don’t get sick of him?” Harry sounded shocked.“I get sick of him sometimes,” I replied lightly, taking another bite of my cinnamon roll.“Sometimes is not enough times when it comes to him,” Harry grumbled in response.I didn’t respond right away. I took the time to chew further, debating with myself about whether or not I should even discuss my relationship with him. But then, why not? I’d opened up to him before, and he’d given his solid opinion…. It was just a matter of how much I could reveal of how I felt. And if he’d give advice that didn’t include kicking Draco into a bloody pulp… that advice was allowed for Becky, alone, to give.I swallowed a knot in my throat at the reminder of Becky, clearing my throat to openly ask, “Is something wrong with me?”“Why would you think that?” Harry asked curiously.“It took me this long to be so utterly sick of hearing him go on and on about you… it’s always been: ‘Harry Potter is this’ and ‘Harry Potter did that’… and I just — I’m starting to think that maybe it’s a curse. The guy I’ve liked for so long is just obsessed with making sure you have a crappy day… and I find out my biological father is obsessed with killing you.”With a mouth full of cinnamon roll, Harry chewed momentarily before replying, “Just sounds like rotten luck.”I couldn’t help my laughter, “Ahh, you are not lying…. Either way, nothing’s exactly been the same between us this past year. Not with him and not with any of my friends.”His hesitation in chewing gave me cause to continue.. even with a few lies laced in.“Tensions are high where my parentage is concerned… I’m on your side and all, Harry, but before all this you and Ron had no intention of being friends with me. Ron still doesn’t, but that’s not the point… you’ve been reaching out, which means a lot, but you don’t have to go through the trouble.“Honestly speaking, I guess I just feel like I’m losing all sense of reality…” I held a hand palm up before me, mentally wishing I could glare at the veins producing the Dark Magic I was capable of using, “and I don’t know how I’m going to get that back. Nothing makes quite the right amount of sense that it used to anymore.”Swallowing thickly, Harry cleared his throat quickly before saying, “If anyone can figure that out, it’s you. Between you and Hermione… you both have a way of finding the most logical solutions to your problems.”How insightful… but.. I narrowed my eyes suspiciously, smiling mischievously, “Thanks, but why do I feel like you’re mentioning Hermione’s name for a reason?”A short laugh escaped him, “Nothing gets past you.. you’re right. She misses spending time in the library with you.”With a small smile I let out a reassured sigh. When one door closes, another one opens.. is that right? “I suppose I can get back to that schedule… if she’ll have me.”His nod was proud, satisfied with my answer.As Madam Puddifoot bustled over, setting our drinks down in front of us, I decided to ask Harry, “Anything you need to talk about, golden boy?”He gave me a reproachful look at the nickname, causing me to giggle, casually sipping my fresh cup of tea after Madam Puddifoot retreated. “Why have you been calling me that lately?”“It’s an apt and to-the-point description for the Boy Who Lived, but what does it matter?” I shrugged. “I still call you ‘Harry,’ regardless. Again, is there anything you need to talk about? Might as well while we’re still hanging around here.” I took a large bite out of my cinnamon roll, savoring the taste as he eyed me curiously.“Talk about what?”“I don’t know. How Occlumency lessons are going… if how you study for your O.W.L’s is effective…. If you know what went wrong with your date?”Harry’s gaze hardened at the mention of each option, but it was hard to tell which bothered him more. The poor guy had a lot of problems on his plate and no way of knowing how to handle all of it at once. It kind of reminded me of myself. That our fifth year at Hogwarts had to be so full of things, one issue after another. The only difference was that everything I dealt with was all my own fault and undoing… his would likely lead to a victory once more, triumph over something he had no control over.“I think Occlumency with Snape is only making my mind more vulnerable to Voldemort’s attacks. The dream I’ve been having is more persistent every night… and I get a little closer to opening that door before I wake up….“As for Cho, I don’t understand what happened! Half an hour ago we were getting along fine! Why did she want to drag up a subject that makes her act like a human hosepipe?”He seemed much less upset about the dream part than the failed date, and that was a worrisome fact. The date could either be fixed, or a second would be a suggestion to avoid. The dream being the path into the Department of Mysteries… he was playing right into dad’s hands by allowing the dream to continue.I had been interested in hearing the reason behind the date going awry so quickly, but I was definitely more invested in him figuring out Occlumency. I knew Harry had a way of getting out of bad situations, but this was one that would end in him falling into a trap I had assisted in creating.Wouldn’t be the first time… I tried to ignore the thought.“Have you been practicing Occlumency outside of your lessons with Snape?” I asked.“Yes,” he replied, too quickly to be true.“But —”“Is something wrong with me…?” Harry asked, not even looking at me as he stared at the table between us. “For not wanting to talk to Cho about Cedric?”I guessed right… I thought in retrospect, my mind reeling through possible tidbits of advice with his Occlumency troubles relocating to the back of my mind. “It’s understandable, actually. Everyone grieves at different paces and in different ways. You did your grieving already… it’s on Cho for still holding on to his memory by trying to confide her feelings for him onto you. Her feelings are not your burden to bear if all she wants to do is talk about Cedric…. Matter of fact, her actions were not fair to you who had no expectations other than to spend time with her because you liked her.”He raised an eyebrow at me, “‘Liked?’”“Hmm?” I sipped gingerly at my tea, setting it down with a curious glance.“Why’d you say ‘liked’ instead of ‘like?’”“Because face it, I’m pretty sure that after all that… that ship she tried to set with you has sailed. You’ll get over her. And by the time she realizes what she did wrong and what she lost out on, it’ll be too late.”“Er — I don’t know about that.”I shrugged, “Suit yourself.”Once our cinnamon rolls and drinks were finished, I paid Madam Puddifoot for everything and we were on our way. Harry held the door open for me, and I led the way into the pouring rain. I was drenched in seconds, but I didn’t mind the sensation of individual water droplets cascading down my skin. The damp scent of the rain was soothing, too.“I’m meeting Hermione at the Three Broomsticks,” Harry said, gesturing in the direction of said restaurant with a hopeful smile. “Would you want to come with me?”“Uh.. no, no thanks,” I said, wiping a hand down my wet arm. “You can tell Hermione I’ll meet her in the library tomorrow afternoon, if she’d like. Right now, I have something to take care of.”“Okay..” he relented. “And thanks.”“For what?”“For talking… it was nice.”I smirked thoughtfully. “Yeah, well, the only thanks I’ll take is one where you’ll promise to practice Occlumency more.”“I will.”That felt like a lie.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I returned to the common room then to find Draco, seated on his favorite armchair while staring into the smoldering flames in the fireplace with an unreadable expression on his face. Though I couldn’t see into his thoughts, it was obvious that our argument was bothering him. He didn’t usually like sitting still for too long, unless he had to study.During the walk back to the castle, I imagined how upset he had to feel and felt the guilt swirling in my chest. I had caused a scene just like Cho did, embarrassing the both of us, and then continued the remainder of our date with his biggest rival. It would have been less painful to him for me to have just slapped him.

I sat down next to him on the couch, tentatively leaning my head against his shoulder. So many things I have done wrong, so much I have to make up for, and not enough words to put into it. What can I possibly say to fix this? My throat was dry as I said, “I’m sorry.”Draco sighed, shifting so he could wrap an arm around my shoulder and lay his head on top of mine. The warmth of the fire from the hearth had to have practically kissed his skin for me to feel like I’d just leaned against a heater. “Me too.”I fought the urge of the moment, wanting to lean back to look at him in surprise. Instead, I snuggled closer as I asked, “Really?”“You were right. I let him distract me from our date when I shouldn’t have. Our first date.. and I’m the one who ruined it.”“Actually, we both did,” I snorted. “I caused just as much of a scene as Cho did… and instead of going after you right away —”“Suffice to say, we both feel bad..” Draco sounded hollow as he attempted to force out a laugh. “We just needed space in different forms.”A pit formed in my stomach at his voice. No matter how much his mind was blocked, he was definitely still upset. “You saw Harry sit with me.” I meant it as a question, but it came out more as matter-of-fact… and his silence proved it to be right. “I hope you don’t think —”“He didn’t try to kiss you, did he?” his voice was a low whisper, in a tone that begged to be reassured. “I didn’t stay at the window long enough to find out.”“No,” I bit my lip. “But even if he tried to, I wouldn’t have let him.”“I know. I believe that much. I… just wanted to be sure if I needed you to teach me a stronger jinx to use on him or not.”Despite the feeling of severity I sensed for the situation and the way my heart felt like it was being squeezed, I let out a much-needed chuckle. Draco did the same, reassuring me in the process as it sounded much more genuine than his last laugh. “I’ll teach you as many jinxes as you want to learn if that makes up for it…. It wasn’t all for naught, anyway. I learned some things that prove the trap is working in dad’s favor.”I sensed a wellspring of joy emanating from Draco before I realized he’d brought his barriers back down. “You mean it?” he asked, tilting my head back so he could look me in the eyes. “It wasn’t all just to get back at me?”“No, silly,” I smirked, combing my fingers soothingly through his hair. “I’m not that vindictive.”The way his eyebrows rose at me made me laugh hard, my own barriers coming down as tears escaped my eyes. It was only once my laughter had died down to a few trickles that he replied, “The day you aren’t vindictive is the day I’m not pompous.”My chuckles continued, “Apparently it’s the day miracles happen, too, because I can’t believe you just admitted that.”Draco laughed too, leaning forward to capture my lips in a sweltering kiss that left me feeling dizzy when he pulled back. “Every day I spend with you is a miracle.”“Draco… if you’re going to be sappy, at least do it in a poem.”“Apparently miracles are full of moment ruiners, too.”“Shut up.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛“Everyone, if I could have your attention, please? It shall only take a moment of your time.”Dumbledore stood at the front of the Great Hall after dinner was cleared that night, students waited impatiently for dessert to roll through as he went to make an announcement. I noticed with some simple pleasure that Umbridge looked rather miffed about whatever he was going to say.Seraphina — or, rather, Anastasia — sat next to me, her expression just as pleased as Umbridge was pissed. What in the world..?“It is my pleasure to announce that Hogwarts has accepted the challenge of taking on interns that wish to be teachers one day in our lovely castle. This is a big moment for all of us to learn from fresh perspectives as well as to teach them how your young minds best retain the knowledge we wish to bestow upon you all.“Allow me to introduce them. Under Professor McGonagall in Transfiguration, we have Ash Z!”Draco and I traded surprised glances and eyed Seraphina curiously… What?Following a polite round of applause, Ash walked down the aisle from the Great Hall’s entrance waving and grinning at everyone around him. Only once he’d made it to the front of the Hall by Professor Dumbledore’s side, and shaking hands with the man himself, did the Headmaster continue on to the next person.“Charms with Professor Flitwick will be accompanied by prodigy Ben Copper!”A man with sandy brown hair and an outwardly arrogant demeanor waltzed through, not bothering to give anyone a wave or a smile like Ash had. He stared dead ahead until he reached Professor Dumbledore and shook his hand with a respectful nod.“Brewing with you all in Potions under Professor Snape is Cassandra Santacruz!”My eyes widened at Cassandra meandering her way through, avoiding people’s intense gazes by looking at the floor even as she shook Professor Dumbledore’s hand. The only eyes she looked into were Ash’s — with a deathly glare — and Anastasia’s next to me with a small wink.As a ‘Merula Snyde’ was called for Defense Against the Dark Arts, I whispered my dismay. “Why does Dumbledore seem so happy to announce their presence? Doesn’t he know they follow you?”“Of course not,” Anastasia replied softly, moving her lips so little that — if she wasn’t whispering to me — I wouldn’t have known she was saying anything at all.“Surely Severus —”“Has been warned against giving away their identities without my permission, worry not dearie. I’m not like Voldy. I don’t expect things to go well from making my followers reveal their loyalty unless they have no choice. It’s why I had their hearts tied to me rather than physically ink their skin.”“But… Dumbledore knows everything, doesn’t he?”Anastasia giggled, “I picked up a few tricks from your mother, you see. The art of puppeteering is working rather splendidly right about now.”“Wait, what?”“I just need Ash and Cassandra to do something for me. In the meantime, they get to chase their dreams… well, not so much for Cassandra. She doesn’t really like children, but with Snape’s help perhaps she’ll get over it.”I frowned, noting to myself the fact that she ignored my confusion over what she learned from my mom… but decided against calling her out on it then and there. “I mean, that’s great and all, but…. During such times as these, and dealing with someone like Umbridge, why was Dumbledore so willing to just let them —?”“Last but not least…” Dumbledore said, having finished shaking hands with a witch with scruffy brown hair that possessed a tuft of blonde hair at the front. She studied the large room intently from her place next to him.Anastasia began softly explaining, quickly rifling through her words with her grin widening somewhat. “Because there is one type of person above all other candidates that Dumbledore places his entire faith in, and that is anyone that is even remotely like his precious Harry Potter…. Someone who, no matter the consequences and the backlash to their reputation, has constantly put themselves in harm’s way for the so-called ‘greater good.’” She continued to smile as she spoke, though I sensed the derogatory tone in her voice when she’d said ‘greater good,’ “So long as I made sure that person was involved… Dumbledore has no suspicions.”Dumbledore continued his introduction, giving great detail and exuding a certainly high level of pride, further proving Anastasia’s logic. “Some of you may know about her, and some of you may not. She found and challenged all of Hogwarts’ Cursed Vaults during her time here at Hogwarts, and saved many lives in her quest to save her fellow students. She also possesses a close affinity to creatures of all types. Studying under Professor Hagrid in Care of Magical Creatures, I introduce to you Jessamyn McPhee!”As Jessamyn walked down the aisle with a bright smile and a few energetic waves in the direction of the wooing Weasley twins, I wondered what was so important that Seraphina felt the need to bring her people in to the school.I had to look at Draco, however, as the woman looked in his direction and gave a spirited thumbs up.He avoided my gaze, muttering something about the date at Madam Puddifoot’s being her suggestion. It caused a snort from Anastasia, who said she wasn’t surprised to hear that in the least.

“Why…?” Severus began exasperatedly, staring his six former students down with such a ferocious snarl I tried to recall the last time he’d looked at Harry that way. “Why must I always be the one dealing with stupidity?”Jessamyn stared back with an apologetic gaze, her hands clasped behind her back as she shared glances with Ash — who preferred to look at the wall than at Severus — and the man named Ben. Cassandra chose to pick at her fingernails with a concentrated frown while the frizzy-haired woman, Merula, looked at Severus with a gaze that seemed to scream ‘defiance.’ Seraphina, as herself now that we were meeting privately in Severus’ office, merely smirked.“Come now, Snape, what’s the issue?” the sapphire blue-eyed witch asked airily.“Why are they here? For what reason would you risk bringing them into the school when it’s at its most vulnerable?”“Key word, Snape. ‘Vulnerable,’” Seraphina replied matter-of-factly. “I have my personal reasons, of course, but really it’s beneficial for everyone. Who knows how many professors that Umbitch is going to sack for one reason or another? Don’t you think it’s safe to have backup plans? She could try to do it to you, or even to McGonagall for defying her as easily as she’s been doing. Behind the scenes dealing with me, of course, she won’t have the jurisdiction to fire these five if she wants to stay on Voldy’s good side — so she’ll believe, of course.”Severus covered his look of annoyance with his hand. Dragging the palm of his hand down his face, he grumbled, “You can try to make it sound safer for all involved, but you know better than to believe that Dumbledore can’t find out their involvement with you. Just because I can’t tell him doesn’t mean he won’t be able to find out using other means.”“I know that,” Seraphina replied, rolling her eyes. “I’m no idiot. Sure, it may destroy how  he sees Jessamyn here, but she’s doing this because she’s ready to take that risk.”He actually took a serious turn toward the blonde witch still standing awkwardly with her hands behind her. “Is that so?”Jessamyn nodded, clearing her throat. “Yes.”“You are that eager to break his unwavering trust in you?”Her gaze hardened, her hands sliding forward to her sides and clenching into fists. “Snape, I know that even you never like how easily he allows students — such as myself — to break rules and get into dangerous situations.” Severus’ own gaze froze at her words, and she continued after using her middle finger to push her glasses up the bridge of her nose at the center. “It may have allowed me to experience as much as I have in life, as well as saving countless lives… but he knew how to take care of all those things without a student doing the dirty work. Even now, I’m as sure as Seraphina that he knows how to handle all these problems without fruitless suffering but he lets it continue so Harry Potter eventually cracks and rushes into the situation blindly. I know better than anyone that if this continues, someone is going to die that shouldn’t have to.”I watched in quiet dismay as everyone froze after her last sentence left her lips, and the words seemingly pressed down on all their shoulders. As if the memory of someone that had died as Jessamyn suggested just suddenly swooped into the room to add weight to their bodies the same way guilt does to me. Is this part of that tragedy Seraphina mentioned before..?Jessamyn sighed, turning her head away, “You remember them. Anyway, I’ve made my point… I’m going to go to bed. I told Hagrid I’d be up early in the morning to help him get ready for Monday’s classes.”“Already?” Seraphina asked in surprise. “But your assistance was only just announced! How can he put you to work on a Sunday already?”“Well, as you’ve already mentioned,” Jessamyn replied, sheepishly scratching the back of her head, “some professors are liable to be sacked. Hagrid told me during dinner that Umbridge has been breathing down his neck in particular. I want to see what he’s already covered so I can help plan from there.”“Eugh…must you always go above and beyond to help people?” she crossed her arms with a small pout. “I almost forgot how annoying that can be.”Jessamyn and Ash, with a pointed look at each other, broke into a round of chuckles that caused the other two women to roll their eyes and for Ben to shake his head. The two of them looped their arms through both of Seraphina’s and led the entire group’s way out the office, wishing us a good night as they went.I stared after them curiously, even as the door magically closed behind them.“You seem confused,” Severus pointed out.“Oh, really? What gave that away?” I asked sarcastically, still keeping my eyes trained on the doorway. “How the hell did the topic change so suddenly from serious to silly?”“You ask that as though you don’t do the same exact thing.”I turned to see him eyeing me humorously. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”“If you say so.”“I do,” I said, refraining from sticking my tongue out at him. “Who was Jessamyn talking about, anyway?”“You ask as though you’d know the name if I said it.”“Oh my God,” I groaned, “that’s not the point of the question!”He raised an eyebrow challengingly at me.Should’ve known he’d decide to be difficult about it. “If not the name, then what about who the guy was to her? A mentor? A parent? … Her brother?”“If only we’d be so lucky..” Severus muttered, the tone of his reminding me of his interactions with Sirius. “No, her brother is still very much alive. McPhee was… talking about her best friend.”I felt my heart freeze over almost immediately. “Her… her best friend?”The pain from that incident was just unimaginable to me, for her to have gone through such a thing… it truly was a tragedy. I couldn’t even think about how I’d feel if Becky got killed. It was why I wanted to be sure she and Draco could protect themselves. Even if Becky wasn’t going to follow me for missions anymore, there was still danger everywhere with my dad coming back to the level of power he once held.Severus’ voice broke me out of my whirlpool of thoughts. “Don’t overthink it. The situation was complicated, and McPhee was nowhere near as capable in a duel as you are. Though, she’d certainly thought very highly of her abilities at the time.”“But I’ve never had to worry about protecting someone besides myself,” I said, gritting my teeth to keep the tears from escaping my eyes.Jessamyn lost her best friend and changed dramatically from someone everyone followed to… one of Seraphina’s lackeys. She was her friend too, of course, but it was such a fall from grace and it came from mourning.“Severus… what am I going to do if dad finds out I let Becky free? What can I hope to do if he decides to kill her?” Just saying ‘kill her’ damaged my attempt to be stoic, and my eyes became floodgates in a matter of seconds. Why… why do things have to be so complicated?I blinked once, a few streams of tears racing each other down my cheeks as Severus seemed to suddenly appear by me, his arms wrapped comfortingly around me. My own arms held on around his midsection, face buried in his chest for the sense of security I now automatically felt from being in his embrace.“And — and what am I going to do about Lissy and Trixy, too? They want to force their way into my group, but — but I can’t just let them throw their childhoods away like that!”Severus hushed me gently, rubbing my back in soothing circles as I sobbed into his chest. “I understand you’re worried, but there is only so much you can focus on before you overwork yourself. Miss Figsund made the choice to leave, so all you can do is refrain from mentioning it. I doubt he places much notice in the details of your followers. As for the young Miss Figsund and Miss Parker, they have no way of forcing their way in without your permission.”“I know, but —”“— if anything happens otherwise, I will help you protect them… You should know that. You’re not alone, Melody.”I couldn’t help the smile on my lips as I hugged him tighter. “Thank you.”“Of course.”“Erm — by the way…” I ventured softly, slowly bringing my gaze up to his. “I noticed earlier you had said that you ‘can’t’ tell Dumbledore about their affiliation to Seraphina… what did you mean by that? At the feast, all she told me was that you were ‘warned against’ revealing that.”His look of annoyance was brief. “Should’ve known she’d twist the explanation. The truth is that I tried telling Dumbledore soon after picking the both of you up from Seraphina’s mansion. The moment I was about to explain, I choked on my own words. It lasted a few seconds, but it was enough to tell me I couldn’t reveal it.”I swallowed a knot in my throat, silently glad he didn’t keep trying to tell Dumbledore their loyalties. Not only would they be in deep trouble with the Headmaster, but Severus might have died trying to give him that information. “Wow. She certainly did take precautions, didn’t she?”Severus nodded solemnly. “I found out from her that it’s a particularly complicated curse. Anyone that finds out her followers’ loyalties to her within their immediate vicinity are exposed to the curse. It’s long-lasting and keeps their identities safe. I suppose I can understand her reasons for setting such a dangerous trap…… But Dumbledore will find out one way or another.”He says that… I thought interestedly, wiping cold tears from my cheeks using the backs of my hands… but it sounds to me like a safe bet for the students in Slytherin House that I roped in. She has to teach me it now… maybe I can put it on all their rings….⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Sunday brought a Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Hufflepuff that — without Harry and the Weasley twins on the team — ended in a loss for them that severely damaged their pride. It was short apparently, too, consisting of a twenty two minute struggle to catch up to the amount of points Hufflepuff had tallied.I had never been more glad to not attend a match in my entire time attending Hogwarts than on that day, instead talking Seraphina into working with me for a few more hours.From what Hermione told me in the library hours afterward, Ron still struggled with his confidence as the Keeper, and Slytherin House still made it no easier by continuing to sing the stupid ‘Weasley is Our King’ song Draco wrote. Their loss was less major thanks to Ginny catching the Snitch before Hufflepuff’s Seeker could, tallying the ending points as two hundred and forty against two hundred and thirty.“I told the boys yesterday that it’s troubling how much tension these Quidditch games cause between the Houses,” Hermione proclaimed in mild annoyance. “All those negative feelings and arguments. Ron is depressed out of his mind. Let alone how Harry, Fred and George are taking all this.”Remembering both Draco and Marcus’ tantrums every time Slytherin lost a match, I rolled my eyes thoughtfully. “I know what you mean. It seems completely unnecessary, but this is what they put all their energy toward.”“Exactly,” she said, burying her face in a book to hide the smile she couldn’t help sporting.Hermione was relieved, to say the least, that I’d forgiven her enough to return to our original library visits. It made me giggle to realize how much she’d missed it — which was enough to hear her thoughts practically chatter for joy. However, if she noticed that Becky was nowhere to be found, she didn’t mention it.On Monday morning, Pansy strut proudly through the hallways sporting a shiny silver and green Slytherin Prefect badge. It was the first thing she showed off at breakfast, pushing small first years over as she frittered ecstatically around the Great Hall.At the Gryffindor table, Becky sat in between the two red-heads, laughing to her heart’s content without that same badge holding her down.Defense Against the Dark Arts with Professor Umbridge and Miss Merula Snyde was certainly… interesting. Umbridge seemed to already be extremely on edge about something, but Miss Snyde truly took the cake when she began yelling about how ridiculous it was to expect us not to actually learn how to cast any spells in a class about defense. Umbridge did her absolute best to kick her out of her classroom without screaming at her, though the young woman gave her a cocky grin as she walked out.Around an hour before noon, Umbridge put up a new decree dictating that anyone caught reading a magazine by the name of ‘The Quibbler’ would be expelled. After about a minute’s thought, I recalled that Luna Lovegood’s father was the creator of that magazine.It was as I stared at the board with all her stupid decrees that something was slipped into my arm. I nearly jinxed whoever it was — since the student attacks in the hallways hadn’t decreased as much as I’d hoped — but when I saw Hermione give me a wink, I pulled from my arm a copy of the Quibbler.On the cover was a picture of an awkwardly grinning Harry headlined: HARRY POTTER SPEAKS OUT AT LAST:

THE TRUTH ABOUT HE-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE-NAMED

AND THE NIGHT I SAW HIM RETURN So, he did an interview to reveal the truth… I thought with a wry smile. And Umbridge did the dumbest thing possible by officially banning the students from reading this. If she hadn’t, there wasn’t much of a guarantee that many of them would touch something other than the Daily Prophet…. Jeez, I sighed forlornly, must I work with an idiot?… Now I sound like Severus.Reading it, I repressed the need to sigh. Included in the description of the return of Voldemort was a list of all the men he’d seen return to his side… my friends’ dads… Draco’s dad. They are not going to be happy about this… just adds on to the frustration they all feel with me not doing anything against Harry.Anyways, Potions class was also different. Cassandra stood stiffly by Severus’ side for most of the double class period as we made our Wit-Sharpening potions. It was only when Neville’s potion somehow started giving off an acid-burning smell that she actually kick-started into action and rushed over, pushing him aside to stare into it for a few seconds before stirring in new ingredients.What was most astonishing to me was the way Severus stopped what he was doing at his desk to smugly watch her work. I listened as some students gushed over the fact that she was mixing things in without weighing or measuring the ingredients she grabbed. Her actions were seamless to the end, finishing her performance off by ladling a spoonful of the potion down Neville’s throat and asking him if he knew what he did wrong.When he rattled off that he knew he’d put in far too many scarab beetles, it was proof of the fact that she fixed his mistake into the potion it was intended to be…. And then class ended with Severus telling everyone that they would never match Miss Santacruz’s level of brilliance.Isn’t he sweet…? I thought sarcastically.The afternoon passed through with more and more students flocking to Harry to apologize about the previous months. Draco actually retreated to the library with Vincent, Greg, and some other Slytherin called Theodore Nott for no given reason other than so-called ‘studying.’It was suspicious of course but, to avoid any more arguments between us, I left it alone. Sometimes it was okay to just let him do his own things. I mean… at the end of the day, he still has my back. Right?Transfiguration the following morning was another matter entirely. Ash, in his new position as Professor McGonagall’s assistant, showed off his skills every chance he got. He enunciated the pronunciations clearly and repeated the wand movements for students that were at a loss with how to proceed.It was actually rather enjoyable for me to see how happy it made him when students excelled based on his help and suggestions. Especially when they thanked him — even a small ‘thank you’ had him beaming with pride.Honestly, even McGonagall — who snapped at him every time he attempted to sneak a whisper to a student about transfiguring their desk into a pony — had to compliment his growing skills by the end of it.Charms class seemed much the same. Mr. Copper was just as skilled with Charms as everyone else was with their prospective subjects, quietly correcting students’ holds on their wands before continuing his calm surveillance of the room. Professor Flitwick was more than happy to have an assistant, though from his thoughts I overheard a small part of him wishing his assistant had been Jessamyn — memories of her as a student tutoring her peers during class passing through as he wandered the room.Care of Magical Creatures class was a struggle for our bruised professor as usual, but Jessamyn did her best to help Professor Hagrid present us with class-appropriate creatures like knarls and puffskeins. Umbridge was mildly cordial to her, though she still treated Hagrid with some level of contempt for the way he talked.The month of March rolled through, coming to an end with the biggest news of all…I wasn’t there when it happened, but according to Hermione, Umbridge nearly got away with kicking Professor Trelawney out of the school completely. If it wasn’t for Professors Dumbledore and McGonagall stepping in, the poor woman would have to find somewhere else to stay.As far as that went, she might have no longer been the Divination teacher, but Dumbledore was prepared. Of course. At the incident in question, he’d already found a new Divination teacher so Umbridge couldn’t appoint her own… and the new teacher was a centaur named Firenze. Something Umbridge was clearly displeased with, as it was something she often muttered about during Defense Against the Dark Arts class afterwards.I had to ignore my inward protests on dealing with her, because I couldn’t afford to get upset over her possessing such a hate for anyone that’s a half-breed or even Muggleborn. It sickened me to continue to deal with her, but what other choice did I have? So long as she was no longer trying to turn me into a weapon for the Ministry, she was less of an issue and more of just a thorn in my side.I vented my disgust to Seraphina, Jessamyn, Ash, and Cassandra one night when they decided they wanted to see one of our private lessons. It became less of a lesson and more of a mixed discussion as I found my opening to fully complain.Ash was the one to reply first, asking me with furrowed eyebrows, “Why do you have to deal with her? Why not just — you know — kill her?”Should’ve known that’d be the first suggestion, I thought, eyeing Seraphina’s emphatic nods. “You make it sound like such a simple solution.”“Isn’t it?”“No,” I fervently shook my head. “It’s not. The Ministry would arrive within minutes of her being proclaimed dead and an investigation underway. Prime suspects? Harry Potter, Professor Dumbledore, and me.”“Bah,” he waved a careless hand, “I can help you get rid of the evidence. Their main suspect would be Dumbledore, anyway. He’s an adult, and they decidedly hate him ten times more. It doesn’t matter if you’re You-Know-Who’s daughter or not. Since you’re a minor, you’re not a suspect.”I narrowed my eyes on him. “You give an answer for just about anything, I see. Okay, whatever, my dad wanted me to work with her…. That good enough for you?”“Say she pissed you off. Come on, Melony, you’re his daughter and ally, you can do whatever the hell you want.”I sighed, having decided to ignore the fact that he still called me ‘Melony.’ It was as bad as Barty still calling me ‘Princess,’ even after the multiple times I attempted to threaten him otherwise. “Fine, I guess that’s enough excuses for you to toss aside. The truth is that I’ve never killed anyone before.”He blinked owlishly at me, “Never?”“Never.”“But you called for a Dementor to take the souls of two men.”I leaned back in my seat, rubbing my fingers deeply into my forehead. “They’re not dead, they’re just soulless vegetables. And the first one was an accident. I purposely changed his memories, yes, but a Dementor wasn’t part of the plan.”“As far as Seraphina has been concerned, I’m sure she believes you should’ve just let Crouch suffer that fate instead of his father,” Jessamyn chortled, lightly pushing Seraphina’s shoulder.Seraphina shot the woman a glare before replying, “Well, he is useless.”I couldn’t help but laugh. “I don’t know about that.. he may have his uses one day. He does owe me for saving his life.”“Lot of good it’ll do you,” she muttered to herself before making complete eye contact with me. “Speaking of uses, your father has a plan… and you’re the one to carry it out.”“Really?” my tone turned dull. How desensitized I had become to his summons was both astounding and, yet, predictable. Almost as if I didn’t think I could be asked to do anything worse than what I’d already done for him. “What is it this time?”“His intrusions in young Potter’s mind have been beyond successful. So much so, in fact, that he realized the boy accidentally invaded his mind while he was talking to one of his Death Eaters. His mind has become more open since he started working on Occlumency with Snape, and it’s allowed Voldy to fully lead him through the door in the Department of Mysteries in his mind’s eye. All that’s left is to set the trap to lead him to the Ministry.”Hmm… Harry did say that his mind was more vulnerable now, didn’t he?… Should I try to help him fortify his mind..? Or would dad know I did it? “What’s the trap?” I asked, noticing how quickly Jessamyn’s face had turned sour at the mention of a trap.Seraphina’s lips even twisted into what I could only closely describe as distaste or disapproval. “He believes, perhaps, that you have an idea who the boy would do anything to go save…. No one here at the school, obviously, but someone that your father can send him a fake vision about.. being tortured.”Suddenly, my worries skyrocketed. Sure, I knew quite a few people he’d sacrifice anything to save — anyone he cares about, of course, especially from the Order of the Phoenix. But to give such information away…… Harry would practically be hand-delivered into that trap by me, gift-wrapped with a shiny ribbon on top for dad to tear away….Cassandra cleared her throat, bringing our attention to her with a grin. “Erm — while we’re on important topics… Mistress, when are we going down to the Chamber of Secrets?”

The start of April was the catalyst to everything that followed.Seraphina finally revealed to me that her main reason for bringing in her followers was so they could go down into the Chamber of Secrets and scavenge whatever tissue remained from the carcass of the Basilisk.Why?Basilisks are able to live for thousands of years, and can do so even when being starved. Since Seraphina wanted to live forever without splitting her own soul apart, she figured a good start to it would be to see if she could just lengthen her life for the time being. With a certain Sorcerer’s Stone no longer existing, she had to improvise.Cassandra was the one to suggest ‘such brilliance’ to her based on what I had told her over the holidays. She was eager to help only because she demanded dibs on the fangs for the poison they held.I offered my assistance in going with them for something to do — again, I had been trying to find ways to distract myself for months — but all Seraphina expected from me was the location. Since Ash spoke fluent Parseltongue, I wasn’t needed, and in any case I had other things to worry about.The night they decided to sneak down there was one in which I had two meetings, planned back to back directly after dinner, that I had to attend. One with Umbridge and one with Dumbledore. It was an unspoken detail that, basically, I was the perfect distraction for their journey under the school… otherwise the two professors were liable to pop up in the vicinity of Moaning Myrtle’s haunting grounds to catch them in the act.All I could do was ask them to tell Myrtle I said ‘hi,’ to which they all grinned mischievously and Ash muttered incoherent sentences. When Jessamyn and Seraphina started to regale a story about some death-day dance, the man tried to pull out his wand — which had to be separated from his scythe during their time at Hogwarts — to hex them… only for Cassandra to pop up beside him with a clear vial of a green, bubbling substance — likely poison — that made him bolt from the vicinity.Either way, Jessamyn and Seraphina wished me luck before they left me alone… alone. I had done so many terrible things on my own before this point, and yet I was suddenly at that level that ‘alone’ really was such a scary thought. With Becky planning on leaving with Fred and George… and everything with Draco and I becoming more tense than usual… being alone in all the insanity was starting to seem like a possibility.I could luckily still completely count on Severus and Seraphina…. But, with my track record this year, how long before even they are gone?I shook myself as I opened the door, deciding that today is not the day to agonize over such a trivial thing.Walking in Umbridge’s office was still as unsettling as ever, sitting before her toad-like ‘grace.’ Her gaze was a mixture of impatience and imperiousness. I was surprised by the sight of Dobby standing in the corner of the room smiling happily at my entrance until I realized that, not only did Umbridge sip lightly at a small china cup of tea but, there was another one on the other side of her desk by what had to be my chair.So, she’s being hospitable for this discussion… interesting.. I thought as I sat down and our private meeting began. Dobby scuttled over every now and then to refill our tea cups and offer some rather fluffy biscuits. I wanted so badly to give him thanks every time he gave his assistance but, with Umbridge there, he seemed to give me a kind smile of understanding why my hands were tied. He was truly an angelic house elf… when he wasn’t using his powers to almost kill someone with a bludger….Umbridge, of course, was decidedly more diabolic than angelic…. In my personal opinion, it was one thing to scheme in private with Barty the previous school year, planning the schedule for brewing the resurrection potion for my dad and figuring out how to help Harry deal with the tasks for the tournament…. It was a new matter entirely to sit across from a fuming Umbridge wanting to, basically, employ a group of students under her jurisdiction to patrol the hallways for rule-breakers in her stead.‘Jurisdiction,’ of course, being loosely accurate. She didn’t yet have the authority to pull it off, but she’d been working with me directly about my most skilled followers fitting the bill.I knew it was based off of a suggestion I had made in order to make her feel better about me forming the group, but it was still a disturbingly eery discussion to be held in her frilly pink office. Perhaps it was because she had tortured me with the quill in there… or perhaps the simple reason was that she was so unlikeable.I had, at least, enjoyed some civil conversations with Barty there when he was the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher… enough that I felt too relaxed at times in his presence. With Umbridge, I couldn’t be anything except on my constant guard.. which included being constantly annoyed.We were mid-discussion, her asking me yet again which jinxes I’d taught the crew, while I roughly rubbed my temples. “For the last time, Umbridge, every jinx you ‘kindly’ suggested has been thoroughly taught to them. Need I remind you that you were there when they learned it? You even pointed out which students did it best!”“Ah, right, right,” she replied distractedly, staring at the gloomy sky just outside her window. “It’s just been a slow year, really. All I need right now is a miracle… something that proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that Dumbledore is not fit to govern this school. Then I can take charge and bring Hogwarts up to the level of discipline deserving of a fine institution.” Her malicious grin spoke volumes of the thoughts she was having beyond what her words revealed.I had to hold in the shiver that threatened to reverberate through my spine. How can such a frilly woman manage to sicken me more than a man whose face matches that of a snake? How is that even possible? “Right…” I replied in sarcastic disbelief, “and.. when exactly do you think this miracle will manage to fall into your lap? Your IQ Squad is ready whenever that happens.” Hopefully that it never happens and she leaves at the end of the year like with every other Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.“The name is Inquisitorial Squad, Miss Riddle, get it right,” she snapped shortly at me before swiftly returning to her far away thoughts outside her window.I glared shortly at her, though she was no longer paying attention. “IQ Squad sounds better, but whatever,” I relented. It wouldn’t do me any good to fight her on it — it wasn’t like I cared about forming the squad, anyway, except to keep her off my back. It was just that I preferred ‘IQ’ due to the level of skill and knowledge that each of those students possessed when learning so quickly what I had taught them… and it was ten times shorter than ‘Inquisitorial,’ but no one asked me.The group, itself, consisted of many sixth and seventh years, along with Draco and Pansy. It was why, after stripping Becky of her duties as Prefect, Umbridge immediately picked Pansy as her replacement. Severus luckily had no outright objections considering the decision was originally his to make.“And…” Umbridge’s attention was on me again, though this time it was directed at my wrist. “Your ‘bracelet,’ you say, can call them whenever I need them?”“In as many words.. yes,” I replied exasperatedly, rubbing my fingers over the invisible trinket. “When I call them, anyway.”“Hem —” her gaze was disapproving, but she thankfully stopped herself from giving a second ‘hem.’ Perhaps because my anger had skyrocketed at the mere appearance of one annoying ‘hem,’ actively turned my eye color to red. She then rolled her own eyes, “You could do with treating me more respectfully, you know.”“Like you deserve it?”She opened her mouth to retort, a rather infuriated look on her face, when there was a light knock on the door.I quickly sat straight, bending over her desk as though I was working on something in front of her, and conjured my cup of tea back to the kitchens. Umbridge handed me her torturous black quill which I reluctantly held at the ready, not intending to use it in any way other than as a bluff.She shot me a withering look before calmly calling, “Come in.”I glanced curiously over my shoulder as the door opened. A Ravenclaw girl with curly, reddish-blonde hair tentatively stepping inside. She closed the door behind her, clenching her hands into fists when they began to shake and using them to wipe a light sheen of sweat from her forehead.She’s nervous… to talk to Umbridge…? No, it seems like more than that….“Miss Edgecombe,” Umbridge said mildly. “What can I do for you? I apologize but, unless it’s an emergency, it’ll have to wait until after I’m done with Miss Riddle here.”“Th-there’s something I want — no, need — to tell you…” the girl replied hesitantly, visibly swallowing nothing but air as she stared at the floor… seemingly looking for a way to explain herself correctly. “It’s equivalent to an emergency. Y-You’ll want to hear it.”Umbridge spared a curious glance at me before gesturing to Edgecombe, “Well, then, please continue. Don’t mind Miss Riddle here, she’s only doing lines for me.” She then proceeded to slide a blank piece of paper across the table toward me, expertly avoiding my pointed glare. “Just writing ‘I must show respect….’ But go on now, Miss Edgecombe.”I hope she doesn’t believe I’m going to actually write that, I thought, noticing how often she glared at me while trying to still smile reassuringly at the girl.“Erm.. let me think how I should say this..” Edgecombe muttered softly to herself.I narrowed my eyes at the blank page before me. It was as if she was worried that any wrong explanation would backfire on her… reminding me of what I often imagined: that anyone that got stuck as my follower would try attempting to reveal the secrets of my group. However.. whatever jinx she was under obviously didn’t scare her as much as mine scared my followers… if she was so willing to take the risk of activating it.“If — if you go to the seventh floor, there’s a secret room… it’s sometimes called the Room of Requirement,” she stated, her feet shuffling in place behind me. “You’ll find something there that I — erm — think will be to your advantage.”Damn… I thought as Umbridge shared a curious glance with me before returning her full attention to the nervous girl. Room of Requirement… she’s trying to rat out Harry! Should I do something…? No, there’s nothing I can do! This girl ran straight to Umbridge! The woman would know something fishy just happened if I do anything to her right now!“Could you elaborate, Miss Edgecombe?” Umbridge asked, the honey laced into her voice sounded heavily triumphant as she continued smiling. “Is it something to do… with Harry Potter?”The shuffling became more frantic, “I-I can’t say..”“Well, what can you say?” Umbridge’s voice became impatient, her ‘sweet face’ turning ugly in five seconds flat. “Is it something that’s against school rules? How will it work to my advantage? Come, girl, spit it out!”“It — I mean — it’s a meeting!” her voice became panicked, the mixture of wanting to not get in trouble with Umbridge clashing with her hope to keep herself from fully explaining what she wasn’t supposed to reveal. “Th-there’s a meeting being held there right now… one that wasn’t approved by you.”In a span of, say, thirty seconds… Umbridge’s smug little smile slowly twisted into open-mouthed horror while she raised her hand as though to cover her look of shock. “Oh, dear…”I glanced up. Since her first week at Hogwarts, Umbridge had put a disgustingly pastel pink mirror up behind her desk, so I had a full view of the most hilariously deserved hex I had ever seen.The hex Edgecombe had awakened in her wish to snitch on Harry… spelled out the word ‘SNEAK’ — yes, in all capitals — in closely placed, ugly purple pimples across her nose and cheeks. The girl was unaware of her fate, staring at Umbridge’s horror-stricken face in utter confusion. Only when she finally glanced up at her reflection in the mirror and gave a loud, panicked scream… before efficiently covering her face with her hands… did I completely lose it.“Pfft…” I failed to hold back my need to laugh, snorting and wheezing to the point I had to drop the quill to hold both my hands over my mouth and nose in an attempt to make myself stop. It obviously wasn’t working when I barely heard Edgecombe’s whine of embarrassment over my amused snickers.“M-Miss Riddle!” Umbridge finally snapped, giving me a look that proved how much she wished I was being better behaved with another student around. “This is no laughing matter! Keep doing your lines! Remember — ‘I must show respect’ — get back to it or you’ll have detention with me for the remainder of the year!”The threat — though very empty — caused me to stop laughing entirely, raising a defiant eyebrow at her before picking up the quill with my left hand and bending forward to start on some lines. I’ll show ‘respect,’ all right… I bent my head down so she couldn’t see the smirk on my face when she stood up to console Miss Edgecombe.“There, there,” she said over my pained gasps. “You did the right thing by bringing this to me. Just come with me, now. I must call in the Minister so we can deliver this information straight to Dumbledore. You can sit with Madam Pomfrey while we round up the delinquents….“Hem, hem… Miss Riddle?”I turned my head back to look at her, feigned innocence plastered on my features. “Yes, Professor?”“What are you writing?” she asked warily.“My lines.”“Show me.”“My pleasure,” I held back a chuckle, facing forward to write the line once more. The moment it painfully embedded itself into my skin, I held my hand up over my head for her to see the sloppily written, bloody words of ‘snitches get stitches.’ “How do you like it?” I asked, turning my head again to see her alarmed expression.Her eyes narrowed pointedly at me before turning to Edgecombe with another smile, “Step outside for me, Miss Edgecombe. I will be out momentarily to escort you safely to the hospital wing.”The girl mumbled a whimpering “Okay..” before walking out into the empty classroom, and shutting the door behind her.Umbridge proceeded to roughly grab my wrist, hissing, “What is the meaning of this?!And why did you write it with your left hand?”I snatched my arm out of her grasp, glaring reproachfully at her. “I only wrote something I wanted to set into my mind. ‘I must show respect’ doesn’t match my daily life, so that wasn’t happening no matter what you threatened me with. Anyways, ‘sneaks get pimples’ just doesn’t have quite the same ring to it as this. So this’ll be my reminder as to why my way with my followers is better… funny as that hex was to witness.“Oh, and…” I added as an afterthought, “Yes, my dominant hand is my right, which is why I wrote it with my left. Can’t let my stronger arm be injured on your petty whims, can I? Which, by the way —” I narrowed my eyes into a heavy glare at her “— I won’t be too cordial about it the next time you try that.”Her fearful gulp allowed me to relax my anger slightly, enough that I chuckled thoughtfully about the ‘sneak’ situation as Umbridge huffed in frustration. Neither Harry nor Ron were very knowledgeable about such complex hexes like that, and the remaining option for who cast it was such a surprise…. For Hermione to do it was almost evil. It was conniving to a fault. I had never been more proud of indirectly rubbing off on her.“I haven’t the time for your trivial forms of enjoyment, Miss Riddle,” Umbridge said heatedly. “Luckily for you, I am in a good mood due to this news. Our meeting is adjourned — I expect my Inquisitorial Squad members to meet me in the kitchens immediately. Get them there.”“Giving me demands, Umbridge?” I asked coolly. “Surely you recall that there is such a thing as ‘the magic words?’”“Fine. Please send them to the kitchens immediately,” she said without a moment’s hesitation, placing her hand on the doorknob to leave. It was apparently important enough to her that she catch them, considering she threw her pride out the window a lot quicker than usual. “Thank you for your impending cooperation. I must get this all done at once.“And you!” she pointed threateningly at Dobby who cowered slightly under her gaze. “Do not, under any circumstances, tell anyone about this. I will catch those heathens in the act, and no one — especially not a lowly House Elf — is going to get in my way. I’d tell the other House Elves the same thing, if I were you, before I get down there. Any disobedience and I expect each of you to punish yourselves. Is that clear?”“Dobby understands Professor Umbridge! Dobby will do as Professor Umbridge commands!” the House Elf declared fearfully.Umbridge nodded in satisfaction before turning to me with a glare. “Same goes for you, Miss Riddle.”“What in the hell —?” I started to ask what made her think I was going to do anything…. I stopped myself, because of course I was. She didn’t have to know that, but there was no point in starting an argument with her when — like she said — there were things to be done. I rolled my eyes, “You know what? There’s no time for this. Whatever you say, just go get it done, Umbridge.”“I will,” she declared seriously, dramatically opening the door and giving me a curt nod before closing it behind her. Like she’s about to save the world or something. Oh my God, she’s full of herself.“Dobby…” I said, grateful that he hadn’t left the room yet.“Melody Riddle expects Dobby to go warn Harry Potter, yes?” he asked, his tone bright despite the nervous waver in his voice. “Dobby will get it done immedia —”“Wait —” I interjected, “— first, you need to let the other House Elves know. Warning Harry will have been for naught if you don’t follow at least one order first, and I’m sure Umbridge will use that fact to her advantage. Warn your co-workers. Once that’s done, then you can get to Harry. You know how to get into the Room of Requirement, right?”“Yes, Melody Riddle, Dobby knows about it. Dobby will take care of everything. Is there anything else before Dobby leaves?”I smiled at the House Elf, standing to open the office door for him and thoroughly glancing around to be sure Umbridge had completely left before looking back at him again. He’d come a long way since being stuck under the Malfoys — no offense to my boyfriend — but Umbridge’s demands just weren’t fair to him. “Please don’t punish yourself… when you get a job with a working wage, you’re not obligated to be punished for doing what you think is right. Even if your actions are opposite to the wishes of those who are your bosses.”His only response was a giddy grin before he ran off.I released a sigh, trusting his ability to make it in time. All that was left was for me to do my job… and that, strangely enough, included showing up early for my meeting with Professor Dumbledore.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Dumbledore stood with his back to me when I entered his office, conversing with Phineas Nigellus before turning to look at me. Noticing the complete lack of surprise on his features, I gently closed the door behind me.“You’re early,” he noted.“Yes, how astute you are,” I said, briskly walking up to his desk with a heavy sigh. “My meeting with Umbridge finished early. As for my meeting with you, I wrote up some topics to argue for Morfin’s case…. But before we go into any details, I feel it is my duty to warn you that Umbridge may have found her good reason to expel Harry and many other students. There’s got to be something you can do to get them out of this.”At first, he didn’t respond. He gave Phineas one curt nod, which the portrait returned to him before proceeding to disappear from the portrait. Then Dumbledore walked over to his desk, calmly sitting behind it before locking his gaze with mine. “If that’s the case, then she will certainly arrive any moment now. What I have to say to you needs to take precedence, if you don’t mind.”What..? “What could possibly be more urgent?” I asked.He folded his hands together in his lap, his blue eyes more somber than twinkling. It was so far beyond comfort, I almost asked him to look somewhere else. But then he said, “Morfin died this morning.”My face automatically scrunched up in shock. Morfin..? But he’d been so alive when we got there. He had more energy than most of the inmates in there! How the hell — “What?”“He’s dead,” he replied simply. “As of this morning…. You got your wish. He died in prison before you could even attempt to prove his innocence.”“Hold on a minute!” I retorted angrily. How dare he word it that way? I never said..! “Think what you will of me, but I never wished that fate on him!” I pulled the scroll of parchment I’d been working on for Morfin’s innocence, slamming the thick roll on the desk. “This is all the work I’d put into saving him!”A moment of realization dawned on his features as he stared at the roll of parchment before turning to me. “You really put forth the effort…?”My fury felt like it was boiling over at his cruel assumption. I might have said there was no point in him being out of Azkaban and he likely deserved it, but it wasn’t like I was the one who’d put him there. I didn’t desire his existence to be full of suffering one way or another — it hadn’t been up to me!When Dumbledore decided for his release to be my task, I took it seriously. Sure, I tried to distract myself with other things, but I did spend multiple hours in the library — not only spending time with Hermione and studying, but studying every aspect of wizarding law for a way to prove his innocence. The topics were complicated, but every possibility included the easy part of showing the Ministry his true memories — proving that they were the real memories.For Dumbledore to think I wouldn’t take a job seriously was just demeaning.“Read it,” I said heatedly, crossing my arms tightly over my chest. “It’s all there. I did my research.”“Why?”“What do you mean ‘why?’” I asked. “Isn’t that what you wanted me to do?”“I mean… why did you put so much effort in when you didn’t believe that he deserved it?”Explain myself or fib?…. I opted to give him a half-hearted shrug, “I don’t know.. I guess I just don’t let my personal opinions get in the way of my assigned tasks.”“I see…”“Dumbledore!” an older portrait wizard called, “The Minister has entered the school with a few Aurors!”I grit my teeth, “Already?” Umbridge sure works fast…. It’s like he bolted over here!“Thank you, Armando,” Dumbledore said, staring at his office door in contemplation. Then he looked up to me with a trusting twinkle I hadn’t seen in quite some time, “Can you explain to me what happened before they get up here?”“Er — sure,” I said, launching into a quick story about what happened in Umbridge’s office. Under normal circumstances, I would have had trouble telling him about the hex without laughing, but considering we were direly low on time I built at least three walls up in front of my emotions. I ended it with, “Umbridge obviously called the Minister already so, unless Dobby warned them in time, she’s likely already rounding up all the rule-breakers she can catch with my followers.”“I believe so, too…” he replied thoughtfully, smiling kindly. “Thank you, Melody. You have done well to bring this to my attention as swiftly as you did.”Wow, he changed his tone toward me real quickly when I did this… I thought, nodding uncertainly in response to his praise. He’s been so watchful of me lately, it’s actually weird to see this side of him again. “Anything else I can do before they get up here?” I asked.And, just like that, his features became serious once more. “Yes…. You have been practicing your mental manipulation with Seraphina, correct?”“Yea — wait..” I hesitated, eyeing him curiously, “how do you know about that?”“Keep to the topic at hand, Melody, this is very important. They are likely already on their way here, so there is something only you can do…. When Miss Edgecombe has the opportunity to give an answer they are looking for — and yes, they will bring her in for proof of Umbridge’s plight — you need to use your abilities on her to make her deny it. I will give you a signal when the time is right. Can you do that?”I have made a big mistake asking if there’s anything else I can do, I belatedly realized. “Well, sure I could, but why don’t I just save us the trouble and also do it to Umbridge so it’s as if it never actually happened?”Dumbledore fervently shook his head. “That is far too risky. No matter how dense Fudge has proven himself to be, he’s going to have his suspicions when she suddenly claims she made a mistake in calling him. The woman may be many things, but the one action she would never take is calling Fudge here without good reason.“If this goes accordingly, I am going to have to leave. I need you to promise me that, no matter what happens in my absence, you never use your mental manipulation on Umbridge.”My eyes widened. He’s going to have to leave? As in he’ll basically be booted out of the Headmaster Office? What about all the things she could do when he’s gone? The end result would be placing her in charge, and she’s annoying enough as it is! Dumbledore, himself, may also be many things, but he is at least a fair headmaster. “But Dumbledore, she’s going to be absolutely insufferable with you gone!”“Promise me, Melody,” he commanded softly, his gaze switching between me and his office door. I clenched my teeth, deeply despising his unreasonable demand. The only reason I dealt with Umbridge so civilly was because she was bound by Dumbledore’s presence — little as my trust for him was, I could at least expect things to be some semblance of normal. If he was going to get run out of the school, she would take full control and just do as she wished… and I knew it was going to come at the cost of things I felt safe with under Dumbledore’s rule.His own gaze seemed to intensify on me as footsteps began to echo through the hallway leading up to his door.Why do I have to trust his word on this?… Because Severus trusts him. Because Severus

me to listen and play nice with him. There’s.. really no other option I can possibly take…I clenched my teeth, replying, “Fine,” before giving a defeated sigh. “I promise.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: I enjoyed writing this chapter, too… perhaps a bit too much. xD

Since the movie changed the scenario so much, it’s easy to forget that Cho wasn’t the one to snitch on the D.A., but her friend, Marietta, was. Not only that, but Hermione showed an evil side with that hex (mwahaha Melody’s managed to rub off on her even though she doesn’t exist in canon).

Dumbledore nodded in satisfaction, pulling his wand out and waving it over me… rendering my body invisible just moments before the door to his office slammed open, and a hefty file of people came storming in with McGonagall in hot pursuit demanding what was so important that they had to arrive without prior notice. After she closed the door behind them, Dumbledore gestured for both her and my invisible self to come stand beside him.Once we did so, both of us standing on either side of him, I was able to get a full look at everyone crowding up the office with triumphant faces. The Minister of Magic decidedly took his stance by the fire, smiling smugly at Dumbledore as he rocked back and forth on his toes. Kingsley Shacklebolt stood on the left side of the office door with his partner — a man with wiry brown hair — on the right. Percy Weasley was also there, giddily holding a large scroll of parchment with his quill held at the ready to take notes of the encounter at hand.I glanced behind us when I heard fervent whispering, the painted people moving from portrait to portrait to quietly discuss what was occurring before them. It was probably one of the juiciest bits of drama they could ever get to see inside Dumbledore’s office.“Why, Cornelius,” Dumbledore said with a bright smile, interlocking his fingers together in front of him. “What brings you here? Fancy a lemon drop?”“No thank you, Dumbledore,” Fudge sneered, a smile still plastered to his face. “We’re here on very important business that you’ll have to take appropriate action on. We’ve only Dolores to wait on.”As if on cue, Umbridge proceeded to also burst her way in… with a reluctant Harry in tow. He wrenched his arm from her grasp as she closed the door behind them, beginning the most tense minute of silence where all eyes traveled between Harry and Professor Dumbledore. The atmosphere, as such, was a big indication towards the end result that half of the people in the room expected to see.“Well,” Fudge said, breaking the silence. “Well, well, well…”Harry glared hatefully at him.Umbridge could barely contain her excitement as she explained, “He was heading back to Gryffindor Tower. The Malfoy boy cornered him.”Of course he did.. I thought with an eye roll.“Did he, did he? I must remember to tell Lucius,” Fudge replied. “Well, Potter… I expect you know why you are here?”“Yeh —” Harry paused, glancing at Dumbledore. I glanced as well, noting that although Dumbledore was looking past him, he shook his head so slightly it was easy to miss should he have not paid attention. I returned my line of vision toward Harry, who finished with, “— no.”“I beg your pardon?” Fudge asked in surprise.“No,” Harry repeated.“You don’t know why you are here?”“No, I don’t.”Fudge’s look of confusion wandered from Harry to Umbridge, his uncertainty as to how to respond to the turn of events apparent. He decided to respond with a sarcastic tone, “So you have no idea why Professor Umbridge has brought you to this office? You are not aware that you have broken any school rules?”“School rules? No.”If I could’ve laughed without bringing attention to myself, I would have. The level of anger that rose in the Minister of Magic at Harry’s tomfoolery was just incredible. His face was turning red and everything.Fudge asked with gritted teeth, “Or Ministry decrees?”“Not that I’m aware of,” Harry replied, a lost look on his face.I never took him for such a good actor, I thought humorously.“So it’s new to you, is it, that an illegal student organization has been discovered within this school?”“Yes, it is.”Umbridge, who’d been silently glaring at the side of Harry’s head, smiled maliciously. “I think, Minister, we might make better progress if I fetch our informant.”“Yes, yes, do. There’s nothing like a good witness, is there, Dumbledore?” Fudge asked as Umbridge bustled out of the room.Dumbledore gave a small nod, “Nothing at all, Cornelius.”After several minutes with which everyone twiddled their thumbs in quiet wait; with Fudge, Percy, and the other Auror glancing mistrustfully around the room every so often… the door finally opened and Umbridge led Edgecombe in, her hand holding onto her shoulder. The girl still held her face in her hands, making sure not to reveal her new features.Umbridge patted her softly on the back, “Don’t be scared, dear, don’t be frightened, it’s quite all right, now. You have done the right thing. The minister is very pleased with you. He’ll be telling our mother what a good girl you’ve been.” She turned to Fudge, then, to relay, “Marietta’s mother, Minister, is Madam Edgecombe from the Department of Magical Transportation. Floo Network office — she’s been helping us police the Hogwarts fires, you know.”The information made Fudge smile jovially, “Jolly good, jolly good! Like mother, like daughter, eh? Well, come on, now, dear, look up, don’t be shy, let’s hear what you’ve got to — galloping gargoyles!”Lulled into a false sense of security, Marietta had lowered her hands to look up at him and surprised him so much that he had jumped backwards, nearly falling into the fireplace. It was another scene of inward laughter for me as he cursed vehemently, stomping on the hem of his cloak that had begun to smoke. The girl howled just before pulling the neck of her robes up and over her nose.It was too late though. Everyone had already seen the after-effects of her actions.“Never mind the spots now, dear,” Umbridge hastily told her, “just take your robes away from your mouth and tell the Minister —”Marietta immediately shook her head with an eerie shriek.

to use mental manipulation on her…Umbridge, irritated, shortly said, “Oh, very well, you silly girl, I’ll tell him.” With a nauseating smile plastered to her face, she turned to Fudge, “Well, Minister, Miss Edgecombe here came to my office shortly after dinner this evening and told me she had something she wanted to tell me. She said that if I proceeded to a secret room on the seventh floor, sometimes known as the Room of Requirement, I would find out something to my advantage. I questioned her a little further and she admitted that there was to be some kind of meeting there. Unfortunately at that point this hex came into operation and upon catching sight of her face in my mirror the girl became too distressed to tell me any more.”When describing the way the hex occurred, Umbridge had waved brusquely at the girl’s face. Fudge could only give her a proud smile, as though hoping it could give her some form of comfort in her moment of pure embarrassment.He spoke kindly to Marietta, “Well, now. It is very brave of you, my dear, coming to tell Professor Umbridge, you did exactly the right thing. Now, will you tell me what happened at this meeting? What was its purpose? Who was there?”Marietta… still refused to speak, shaking her head, wide-eyed and afraid.Fudge turned to Umbridge, waving his hand impatiently at Marietta’s face. “Haven’t we got a counterjinx for this? So she can speak freely?”“I have not yet managed to find one,” Umbridge said unwillingly, “but it doesn’t matter if she won’t speak. I can take up the story from here.“You will remember, Minister, that I sent you a report back in October that Potter had met a number of fellow students in the Hog’s Head in Hogsmeade —”Professor McGonagall quickly interrupted, “And what is your evidence for that?”Umbridge’s reply dripped with utter satisfaction at her disbelief, “I have testimony from Willy Widdershins, Minerva, who happened to be in the bar at the time. He was heavily bandaged, it is true, but his hearing was quite unimpaired. He heard every word Potter said and hastened straight to the school to report to me —”“Oh,” Professor McGonagall said with raised eyebrows, “so that’s why he wasn’t prosecuted for setting up all those regurgitating toilets! What an interesting insight into our justice system!”It was times like this that I absolutely loved Professor McGonagall. Such sharp wit.A portrait of a red-nosed wizard, from directly behind Professor Dumbledore, exclaimed indignantly, “Blatant corruption! The Ministry did not cut deals with petty criminals in my day, no sir, they did not!”“Thank you, Fortescue, that will do,” Dumbledore mollified him in a low tone.Umbridge continued unabashedly, “The purpose of Potter’s meeting with these students was to persuade them to join an illegal society, whose aim was to learn spells and curses the Ministry has decided are inappropriate for school-age —”“I think… —” Dumbledore said softly, scrutinizing her over his half-moon spectacles.

Fudge seemed to have the same train of thought as I did, although not with the same endgame in mind. He bounded up and down on the balls of his feet once more. “Oho! Yes, do, let’s hear the latest cock-and-bull story designed to pull Potter out of trouble! Go on, then, Dumbledore, go on — Willy Widdershins was lying, was he? Or was it Potter’s identical twin in the Hog’s Head that day? Or is there the usual simple explanation involving a reversal of time, a dead man coming back to life, and a couple of invisible dementors?”Seriously? Can’t you be more original with your suggestions? I thought wryly.Percy laughed, “Oh, very good, Minister, very good!”Harry shot a dirty look in Percy’s direction before bringing his gaze up to Dumbledore, curiously eyeing his calm smile.“Cornelius, I do not deny — and nor, I am sure, does Harry — that he was in the Hog’s Head that day, nor that he was trying to recruit students to a Defense Against the Dark Arts group. I am merely pointing out that Dolores is quite wrong to suggest that such a group was, at that time, illegal. If you remember, the Ministry decree banning all student societies was not put into effect until two days after Harry’s Hogsmeade meeting, so he was not breaking any rules in the Hog’s Head at all.”Fudge, Umbridge, and Percy all had dumbstruck looks on their faces. Umbridge, of course, was the first to regain her confidence… smiling her poisonous grin.“That’s all very fine, Headmaster. But we are now nearly six months on from the introduction of Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. If the first meeting was not illegal, all those that have happened since most certainly are.”Dumbledore continued tranquilly staring at her over his combined hands, responding in like fashion. “Well, they certainly would be, if they had continued after the decree came into effect. Do you have any evidence that these meetings continued?” With that, his eyes flit toward mine for a split second and returned to Umbridge’s as though he’d never looked away.Is that the signal..? I thought, taking a deep breath to steel myself. All right, then, I see where he’s going with it. If I can get her to forget every meeting except for the very first one and the one today, then they won’t have the proof of breaking the decree.Crossing my arms over my chest to give myself some stability, I rested my gaze on Marietta and pushed all my mental energy into the size and length of an invisible wire looping across the room into Marietta’s head. The first barrier I came across were the sheer number of insecurities swarming across her brain about the hex-caused pimples… among multiple others I didn’t understand.I brushed those aside, along with the metaphysical images of all her crushes — blech, why is Lockhart still in here? — and a load of negative thoughts about Harry. ‘I don’t understand why Cho likes him so much,’ ‘What an idiotic prick,’ and ’He’s such a liar, how can any of these people even trust him?’Tsk…. Wow, she’s annoying, I thought, pushing my way through all of the teenage jargon to her memories. Recollections of lessons under Harry were compiled neatly in front of everything — meaning, luckily for me, that she was thinking about all those lessons she’d taken part in. Like a roll of film, I pulled the memory of each and every lesson she attended into my arms. The last one was merely a bit of her knowledge on the lesson being scheduled for today, which was all that was needed.Slice! The memories were cut off completely.Opening my eyes, I surveyed the room around me. Everyone stared at Marietta, awaiting an answer from the girl whose eyes had become blank. I hope I didn’t cut too much… I thought nervously.Umbridge attempted to gently coax Marietta, “Just nod or shake your head, dear. Come on, now, that won’t activate the jinx further….”Marietta stayed quiet a moment longer until her eyes seemed to regain slight focus, and her immediate response was to shake her head.Dismayed, Umbridge looked at Fudge and then turned quickly back to Marietta. “I don’t think you understood the question, did you, dear? I’m asking whether you’ve been going to these meetings for the past six months? You have, haven’t you?”Marietta shook her head once more.“What do you mean by shaking your head, dear?” Umbridge asked impatiently. “I would have thought her meaning was quite clear,” Professor McGonagall snapped. “There have been no secret meetings for the past six months. Is that correct, Miss Edgecombe?”The girl nodded for the first time that day.“But there was a meeting tonight! There was a meeting, Miss Edgecombe, you told me about it, in the Room of Requirement! And Potter was the leader, was he not, Potter organized it, Potter — why are you shaking your head, girl?”“Well,” Professor McGonagall said haughtily, “usually when a person shakes their head, they mean ‘no.’ So unless Miss Edgecombe is using a form of sign language as yet unknown to humans —”Umbridge snagged Marietta by her arms, turning her towards her so they were face to face as she began shaking her profusely… the next second, Dumbledore stood up with his wand raised at the woman. Even Kingsley took a step forward to stop her just as she jumped back, waving her hands to keep from getting hit.Dumbledore’s eyes were stormy as he kept his wand pointed at her, “I cannot allow you to manhandle my students, Dolores.”“You want to calm yourself, Madam Umbridge,” Kingsley placated her with his soothing voice. “You don’t want to get yourself into trouble now.”She looked up at him with deep, labored breaths, “No. I mean, yes — you’re right, Shacklebolt — I — I forgot myself.”Marietta stood in the same spot rather calmly, as though not upset about what Umbridge had done just moments ago. It seemed cutting the memories had a bit of a side effect where the sense of emotions was concerned… I’ll have to keep a close eye on her after this to make sure she goes back to normal……“Dolores, the meeting tonight — the one we know definitely happened —” Fudge stated formally, bringing Umbridge back from her momentary deliriousness.Brushing her robes down slightly, she composed herself to reply, “Yes, yes… well, Miss Edgecombe tipped me off and I proceeded at once to the seventh floor, accompanied by certain trustworthy students, so as to catch those in the meeting red-handed. It appears that they were forewarned of my arrival, however, because when we reached the seventh floor they were running in every direction. It does not matter, however. I have all their names here, Miss Parkinson ran into the Room of Requirement for me to see if they had left anything behind…. We needed evidence and the room provided…”Harry’s look of horror as she pulled a small list out of her pocket said it all. I dropped my face despairingly into my hands. My God, he can be so reckless… and that’s what’s going to take Dumbledore away from Hogwarts.“The moment I saw Potter’s name on the list,” Umbridge continued smugly, “I knew what we were dealing with.”Fudge’s grin was sickening to look at, “Excellent, excellent, Dolores. And… by thunder…” He turned to Dumbledore, “See what they’ve named themselves? ‘Dumbledore’s Army.’”Dumbledore gently took the parchment from Fudge, reading it over a moment before looking back up at Fudge with a smile. “Well, the game is up. Would you like a written confession from me, Cornelius — or will a statement before these witnesses suffice?”Both Fudge and Harry sported such confused looks, it would have been funny under other circumstances… oh, who am I kidding? It’s hilarious!“Statement?” Fudge asked. “What — I don’t —?”Dumbledore continued to smile, waving the name list in front of Fudge and explaining it as though he were speaking to a child. Double hilarious. “Dumbledore’s Army, Cornelius. Not Potter’s Army. Dumbledore’s Army.”“But — but —” Fudge’s confusion remained evident until it suddenly clicked inside his thick skull, and he took a step back — jumping away yet again from the fireplace, and stomping the flame out of the end of his cloak. “You?” he whispered in dismay.Oh, yeah, you’ll most easily believe that but not when he says Voldemort is back… I thought irritably, turning my attention back to a happy Dumbledore.“That’s right,” the Headmaster replied easily.“You organized this?”“I did.”“You recruited these students for — for your army?”Dumbledore nodded, “Tonight was supposed to be the first meeting. Merely to see whether they would be interested in joining me. I see now that it was a mistake to invite Miss Edgecombe, of course.”Fudge looked to a quietly nodding Marietta and looked back at Dumbledore, chest rising with indignant air. “Then you have been plotting against me!”“That’s right,” Dumbledore replied all too brightly.“No!” Harry shouted, a look of mingled horror and terror on his features. Even with warning glances from both Kingsley and McGonagall, he continued, “No — Professor Dumbledore!”“Be quiet, Harry, or I’m afraid you will have to leave my office.”Dropping one hand to his side, Dumbledore waved it slightly. I glanced around for a split second… no one else appeared to notice it. Another signal.. to leave…? Don’t have to warn me twice. I began to slowly edge my way away from the desk, keeping a careful eye on my surroundings so I didn’t bump into anyone.Fudge snapped while still leering giddily in Dumbledore’s direction, “Yes, shut up, Potter!… Well, well, well — I came here tonight expecting to expel Potter and instead —”“Instead,” Dumbledore said with a consistent smile, “you get to arrest me. It’s like losing a Knut and finding a Galleon, isn’t it?”I was halfway across the room at that point, feeling positively lucky that no one made any wild movements. It was such a situation that, unless anything else surprised the Minister, everyone would practically stay frozen. The only snag was how I was supposed to get through a closed door….“Weasley!” Fudge barked so suddenly I paused for half a second with a flinch. “Weasley, have you written it all down, everything he’s said, his confession, have you got it?”“Yes, sir,” Percy Weasley replied, writing and skimming so quickly and close to the parchment that there was an ink stain on his nose. “I think so, sir!”“The bit about how he’s been trying to build up an army against the Ministry, how he’s been working to destabilize me?”“Yes, sir, I’ve got it, yes!”“Very well, then. Duplicate your notes, Weasley, and send a copy to the Daily Prophet at once. If we send a fast owl we should make the morning edition!”Percy ran so haphazardly, he nearly bumped into me in his rush to finish what he was ordered to do. By dodging him, I lost my opportunity to squeeze through the door with him before he’d slammed it shut behind him. I nearly growled in frustration, instead tip-toeing by Kingsley’s side to wait for another moment to escape.Fudge looked at Dumbledore with an aura of superiority, “You will now be escorted back to the Ministry, where you will be formally charged and then sent to Azkaban to await trial!”Dumbledore… was still far too calm with his response. “Ah, yes. Yes, I thought we might hit that little snag.”Oh boy.“Snag? I see no snag, Dumbledore!” Fudge said, naively still overjoyed at his Galleon catch (get it? Galleon catch. Million dollar catch. Ha).“Well, I’m afraid I do.”“Oh really?”“Well —” Dumbledore having the gall to sound apologetic just left me shaking my head. I should learn his level of fakeness for the heck of it. “It’s just that you seem to be laboring under the delusion that I am going to — what is the phrase? ‘Come quietly?’ I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Cornelius. I have absolutely no intention of being sent to Azkaban. I could break out, of course — but what a waste of time, and frankly, I can think of a whole host of things I would rather be doing.”My eyes widened right along with everyone else’s in the room. Umbridge’s face even went red. Could it really be that easy for him to break out? It’s likely his level of mastery on wandless magic even exceeds my own… unless I’m actually capable of the same thing at this point.The Auror with the gray hair moved away from his side of the door, giving a small nod in Fudge’s direction as he stepped closer to Dumbledore with his hand wandering toward his pocket.“Don’t be silly, Dawlish,” Dumbledore noted warmly at the man. “I’m sure you are an excellent Auror, I seem to remember that you achieved ‘Outstanding’ in all your N.E.W.T.s, but if you attempt to — er — ‘bring me in’ by force, I will have to hurt you.”I don’t believe it… I thought, perturbed by the way in which those words, alone, gave the man immediate pause. He turned to Fudge with such a lost expression, it was a sad moment for the accomplished Auror.Angry, Fudge’s lip curled malevolently. “So, you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolored, and myself single-handed, do you, Dumbledore?”“Merlin’s beard, no. Not unless you are foolish enough to force me to.”McGonagall buried her hand into her robes, “He will not be single-handed!”Dumbledore’s gaze hardened for a short second when he snapped at her, “Oh yes he will, Minerva!” He was serene once again as he added, “Hogwarts needs you!”Fudge pulled out his wand, too. “Enough of this rubbish! Dawlish! Shacklebolt! Take him!”I wasn’t even sure exactly what happened after… a silver light dashed throughout the room… a gunshot-like sound cracked across the air… the floor shook as though an earthquake had chosen that moment to materialize. Taking advantage of the distraction, I bolted to the door and wrenched it open just as another flash of silver struck the room… speeding down the stairs in hopes that Dumbledore’s chaotic attacks weren’t hitting his allies.The last bits I heard were Fawkes’ screech, a few collisions, someone screaming “No!”, and the shattering of glass… before all was silent…… I didn’t remove the Disillusionment Charm Dumbledore placed off of me until I’d made it to the dungeons.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛— by order of —The Ministry of MagicDolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor) has replaced AlbusDumbledore as Head of Hogwarts School of Witchcraftand Wizardry. By the next morning, that notice was posted up everywhere. It didn’t explain the events that had occurred, but everyone in school seemed to have the basic knowledge about Dumbledore taking on Umbridge, Fudge and two Aurors. Information was obviously broken along the way due to the multiple changes to the story — such as the one that claimed that Fudge ended up in the hospital with a pumpkin for a head.How do I know that’s not possible? Considering I ran out in the middle of the chaotic situation in question I, of course, asked Harry about it at breakfast.All Dumbledore did was knock the four intruders out — even Kingsley Shacklebolt just to keep him from being suspicious — before saying a few parting words to Harry and Professor McGonagall…… That Harry needed to practice Occlumency religiously, and listen to Professor Snape… and that Fudge would regret kicking Dumbledore out of the school.My mouth set into a thin line as I looked at him, and Harry immediately frowned in return.“I will practice, okay?”I merely nodded. The lie didn’t deserve a verbal response.To make matters more insane, with Umbridge appointed as Headmistress the Inquisitorial Squad was finally in her jurisdiction to make… and on top of them patrolling the hallways like guard dogs, they were allowed to take away House Points. Something all the Slytherins, especially Draco, were all too eager to exploit. Draco hadn’t even said much of anything to me all day, he’d been so occupied with roaming the school for students — mostly Harry — to pester.And, in other news of what I learned from Harry at breakfast, all members of his crew were sentenced to a group detention. Everyone with a quill Umbridge brought in. She’d ordered more for the occasion.My gaze darkened at the realization of what that meant. Enough that it brought me right back to her office, furious.She was apparently infuriated, herself. When I walked in, she paid no notice to the way I slammed the door shut behind me, merely beginning a rant while seated at her desk. “I can’t believe it, Miss Riddle! I finally get the position I’ve always deserved, and yet I still have this office! Have you heard? I tried to get back into the designated Headmaster’s Office, and the damnable gargoyle wouldn’t let me in! The outrage —!”“Yes, I’m sure you must be royally pissed about that, but what in the world made you think I’d give a damn?” I asked through gritted teeth. When she raised a defiant eyebrow at me, I spoke coolly, “I thought I told you not to use the quill on Rebecca Figsund.”The smile she gave me was almost crocodile-like in nature as she clasped her hands together on her desk in front of her. “You did, but I was under the impression that only applied to her apparent inability to perform her duties as Prefect. I wasn’t aware you meant for it to be in general.”“Yes, well, now’s the time to correct it —”“I refuse.”My eyes narrowed dangerously at her. “You refuse?”“Yes. I do apologize, Miss Riddle, but I have good reason to deny your request.”“I don’t care what reason you have. I told you I didn’t want you to use the quill on her.”“Yes, well, now that is something that’s out of your control,” she said with an irritatingly smug smile. “Everyone that was proven to have joined Dumbledore’s Army is receiving their punishment by quill, and I will not allow her or anyone else to be an exception.”“Umbridge..” I growled, noting her resolve waver slightly as my eyes likely turned red.But… as much as it wavered, she didn’t back down this time… and the smile remained. “And here I was still believing that lie you mentioned at the beginning of the year with regard to not caring about her or anyone.”Damnit. “I don’t. What are you implying, Umbridge?”“Miss Riddle…” she shifted slightly in her seat, her mood evidently pleased. “Rebecca Figsund played the role of a double agent right under your nose, and yet you choose to offer her forgiveness? Sounds suspicious to me.”My hands clenched into fists as I stared at her. This isn’t fair. Why didn’t I think about this blowing up in my face? “Punishments make no difference to me,” I said. “I had my own plans for her actually. Still, though, she is my strongest follower.”“Who betrayed you,” she stated matter-of-factly.“I need her assistance now more than ever. She’s more practiced with her magic than anyone else. Getting deep cuts in the back of her hand will only damage her ability to perform.”“She likely gave them information about what you’ve been doing.”“I have precautions against that just as much as they did, so don’t even try that. Miss Figsund would look almost exactly as Miss Edgecombe does. And, even if it was the case, Dumbledore should’ve already expelled me or sent me to Azkaban, don’t you think?”Umbridge shrugged carelessly. “You bring up valid points, but need I ask what I’m supposed to explain when students notice Miss Figsund getting off scot free?”“That you’re partial to Slytherin House, duh. She’s the only Slytherin they had.”“Need I personally discuss with your father about what you are asking of me?”My blood ran cold. She wouldn’t — couldn’t —… She would. She knew.. dad wouldn’t have let Becky slide at all. It would be the Cruciatus Curse at the least… Killing Curse if he knew she’d also decided to quit being a follower.I… I have no choice. If I could use my mental manipulation on her, it would make it so much simpler. But surely Dumbledore had a way of finding out if I kept my promise or not, and if I want to keep Severus happy then I have to follow his stupid rules.

I sighed irritably, crossing my arms tightly over my chest. “Fine. You win. But only because I need her, and my father’s way of doing things would just kill her.”Her smile was so satisfied, I wanted to just vanish it off her face. “I thought you’d see it my way.”I narrowed my eyes down at her, “Don’t get cocky with it.”“Of course not,” her smile widened, showing off pearly white teeth before she looked down at the papers before her. “I wouldn’t dream of it, Miss Riddle. Oh, and by the way —”I had my hand on the door, ready to leave when she interjected.“Do you recall if Miss Edgecombe mentioned anything about other meetings? I could have sworn there was something about more than one…”I smirked to myself, not daring to turn around. She sounded so uncertain that, after denying my request so easily, it made me feel ten times better. Becky would be suffering the quill, but Umbridge was suffering from a feeling similar to going insane. Readily, I replied, “I can only recall her mentioning the first meeting, and the one that occurred last night…. Now, if that’ll be all, I’ll see myself out.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛By the end of the day, all the Houses except for Slytherin had lost over a hundred House Points each. The common room was rowdier than ever with their cheering and spur-of-the-moment partying.The only thing weighing anyone down — for the few, at least, that were most upset about it — was the sudden disappearance of Montague, one of the members of the Inquisitorial Squad. A group of students had come to me in a panic but, as hard as I tried to use mental manipulation to track him down… it was as if he wasn’t even in the school. The situation was so bizarre, I did my best to console his friends and girlfriend that he’d turn up eventually.Even without Montague’s disappearance, I still couldn’t find the same pleasure everyone else did to party. No, it wasn’t because I had a conscience about Harry and the others getting into trouble — well, except for Becky getting caught up in all that — it was because time was getting away from me. I didn’t know exactly when dad was planning to set the trap for Harry, I didn’t know exactly when Becky and the twins were intending on leaving, and I didn’t know exactly what was on Draco’s mind when he pulled me away from the partygoers to speak in private.Draco, himself, had been a mystery lately, and it was no different at that moment as he grasped my hand in a secluded area of the common room. He didn’t even look at me, standing there in silence as I waited for what he had to say.“Dobby warned them… didn’t he?” he finally asked, his voice shaky as he glared at the wall. “And you asked him to.”I bit my lip, not even surprised that he’d figured that out. “You must’ve seen Dobby by the Room of Requirement then.”He nodded.“You’re right.. I did. So… what’s the problem?”“The problem?” he brought his gaze up to mine, gray eyes stormy. “Mel, Potter would’ve been expelled for sure if you hadn’t stepped in. Why did you?”“I’ve got other obligations to keep, too, you know,” I said, pulling my hand from his to cross my arms over my chest. “Got to stay on Dumbledore’s good side somehow if I want to keep the freedom I have now to build my following. Besides, even if I hadn’t said anything, the House Elf would have warned him of his own accord. Dumbledore would have still saved Potter’s skin regardless of what I did.”“If you really believe that, then why would you do anything?” Draco demanded. “How am I supposed to feel — no, how are your followers supposed to feel about you helping the enemy?”“The enemy?” I glowered, “Didn’t I explain it to you and everyone else? In the long run, I want him to defeat my father, or don’t you remember?”“Really? Because besides the initial explanation, you haven’t said much about it.”“Kinda hard to do so when I’m focusing on training everyone,” I replied heatedly. “But I doubt saving him from expulsion is what’s really made you so upset. Without him here, you’d have no one to obsees over.”“Hah hah,” he mocked. “No, I’m trying to look out for you here. You have Slytherins at your command, and they’re not stupid. They notice just as much as Becky and I have that you’re more prone to act on behalf of your father than for anyone else. Many of them have even been thinking that you were just pulling their legs about expecting Potter to save the world. You don’t even mention what you help him out with — just like yesterday — and you don’t tell them what you do for Dumbledore either.”I turned my head away, “I don’t recount what I do for Dumbledore because I don’t like him in the first place.”“That didn’t stop you from doing as he asked.”“I’m only doing it because I made a promise to —” I retorted through gritted teeth, “ — to Professor Snape… I’m trying as best as I can to balance everything, but I guess it’s not good enough.”Draco’s shoulders slackened slightly as he looked at me in open-mouthed surprise, and then he looked away while bringing a hand up to scratch the back of his neck. “I see…”I released a heavy breath, reaching over to put my hand on his shoulder. “Why are you so worked up over it?”His jaw clenched and unclenched as he stared at the wall, pausing a while in contemplation. “It… it worries me that I don’t know what you’re going to do next. The things you act on don’t always match what you do or say next. One minute you’re betraying Potter and the next you’re betraying your father. You were all sweet to Potter at Madam Puddifoot’s, but then you turn around and help plan a trap for him. Sometimes… I’m scared you might turn on me.”“Draco…” I was at a loss for words.I hadn’t realized that such a thought could possibly weigh over his mind… I was actually under the assumption that he trusted me more than that. I wanted to grit my teeth — scream — rather than face the fact that anything I did just caused more and more distrust. Perhaps I should’ve taken it to heart when mom and Severus were angry with me for helping dad behind their backs… instead of letting it get this far…… Maybe then, I wouldn’t have lost Becky either. I wished I could shake myself, but the situation remained that I had to continue with my current plans. It felt hurtful to hear that each of my decisions were equivalent to treachery, but then… I should’ve already known that.I rubbed his shoulder in my attempt to soothe his worries, “You know I couldn’t —”“Mel…” he placed his hand gently over mine, still avoiding my eyes, “you don’t know that any more than I do.”It was like another stab.. directed right at my chest. The pang of ghost pain reverberating throughout my bones and muscles, nearly causing a waterfall of regret to come pouring from my eyes, gave me a moment of pause. Was it beyond fixing…? Was this also why Becky couldn’t bear to stand by me anymore?“What..” I said slowly, hollowly searching for a way to mend his fears. “What can I do to ease your worries?”Pulling my hand off his shoulder, he delicately held it in front of him. “Just promise me.”My throat was dry. “Promise you what?”“That if you ever have to choose between me and one of them… you’ll always pick me.” He brought his gaze up to meet mine, his eyes determined and hopeful to a fault. “No excuses, no exceptions. If we can’t trust each other, then this isn’t going to work. I admit I also have my problems, but I promise I will always pick you. Can you promise the same?”As far as my decision-making skills went, I knew I didn’t want Draco to feel I’d be disloyal… but at the same time, I wasn’t sure what the promise could entail. What would cause me to be stuck choosing Draco over either dad or Harry? There couldn’t possibly be anything major, right? Besides for dad threatening to take him away from me should Lucius make any mistakes… and it’s easy enough to assist with that when possible…… I want Draco’s trust.When I replied, I gave him a crooked smile, “Draco… I promise… if ever there’s a choice between you or them, I’ll always choose you.”His visible relief meant more to me than I could have ever expected as he engulfed me in a tight hug. The tranquil energy of him placing his full trust in me… was the most precious sensation I could ever hope to feel.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: Will Melody keep her word to Draco? Will she continue to impress Dumbledore? What is going to happen with the trap for Harry?... What do you think? o.O

Since Umbridge became Headmistress, there was a steady rise in pranks and fireworks occurring throughout the hallways. My suspicions that the cause of those pranks had to be a certain girl and a pair of twins were almost immediately confirmed as I found them giggling in a corner while the woman screamed bloody murder to ‘whoever is making these god-awful things.’ Each prank made Umbridge more infuriated than the one before, and the way in which she ran around like a chicken with its head cut off — even with Filch assisting the best he could — was constantly the bright part of my day.I had to say, though, the funniest part was when we finally found Montague. His girlfriend ran to Umbridge to tell her he’d been found inside a toilet in a bathroom on the fourth floor. The two of them sped past Draco and I as we were wandering the hallways, leading our curious selves to quite a sight.Somehow, Montague was stuffed inside it in such a way where one could tell it was his chiseled jaw and fluffy brown hair… and yet his body looked almost liquidated. It was a strange scene, enough to make me wonder if someone didn’t look before they sat… well… then again I didn’t want to think of that.Umbridge and I both devised possible ways to get him out, but nary an option seemed to do anything but to push him in further.. to his muffled moans of protest, likely in pain. Considering we couldn’t see where his mouth was, knowing we could still hear him was a good sign.Draco, who’d run off in search of Severus per Umbridge’s orders, returned with him in tow.From there, it was a rather swift recovery operation… Severus deduced that the reason Montague was in there had to be an attempt at Disapparating gone wrong, which didn’t make any sense considering one couldn’t do so in or out of Hogwarts grounds. Either way, he suggested a ‘grasping’ spell of sorts where the five of us (Severus, Umbridge, Draco, myself, and Montague’s girlfriend, Tiffany Taylor) would place our wands against a part of his liquidated body and basically pull him out.It took a few tries, but eventually he was out… and when Severus returned his body to normal, his legs immediately buckled beneath him. Draco and Tiffany caught him, but his gaze was decidedly inattentive… almost like a vegetable, he began to softly mutter nonsensical words under his breath while his saviors looked at him worriedly.“Malfoy, Taylor — take Montague to Madam Pomfrey immediately,” Severus dictated briskly. “We’re lucky he’s still alive.”The two nodded, carefully beginning the trek to the hospital wing as Umbridge glared pointedly at Severus.“Lucky he’s still alive? This is outrageous, what happened to him?” she demanded.“How should I know, Umbridge?” he asked coolly. “We shall have to wait for the boy to recover before we find out what happened to him. And that’s only if he remembers.”Umbridge’s jaw clenched, her hands balling into fists. “What am I supposed to explain to his parents?”“Headmistress.. you’re the one in charge,” he replied, turning to me with a small smirk so she couldn’t see it. “I’m merely a teacher. You figure it out.”I jumped into step with him as he began walking away, Umbridge giving a screech of frustration behind us as we turned a corner. I failed to hold back my laughter after that point, thinking of how angry Montague’s parents were going to be that this happened under her watch. It certainly was a curious happenstance for him to disappear for a day, but… to end up in the toilet? Through failed Disapparating on Hogwarts grounds? My laughter died out as I thought it over.“Let Umbridge worry about it,” Severus said reassuringly. “She wanted the responsibility, and now she has it. Along with the problems associated with it.”I snorted, “You mean Becky and the Weasley twins.”“Precisely.”I raised a humored eyebrow at him, “Ah, so you know it’s them.”“All the staff do,” he replied matter-of-factly. “Besides for Umbridge and Filch, in other words. The more trouble they cause for her, the better off the other students are. Her focus on other things will be lacking so long as they keep her distracted. Those Weasley boys will be gone soon enough either way.”My eyes downcast to the floor as I muttered, “And Becky…”“What was that?”“Nothing,” I bit my lip before looking up at him. “Do you know when Seraphina and Cassandra are coming back? I know they haven’t had a lot of time to do the tests they want to do, but I think Cassandra will be needed sooner rather than later.”The two of them left Hogwarts shortly after their excavation into the Chamber of Secrets. Disturbed as Seraphina might have been about Umbridge’s immediate promotion, her dream was still more important to her than anything. I couldn’t be angry about it, but I was concerned about how long they’d be gone.“Don’t worry about me, Melody,” Severus said confidently. “Umbridge won’t do anything about what I said. Brilliant Miss Santacruz may be, but she knows she’d be just as defiant as Miss Snyde. Too cocky under Seraphina’s shadow to control. I, at least, as far as she believes, am willing to make Veritaserum for her use.”My mouth dropped open, “She’s demanding Veritaserum to use on students?”He nodded, “She administered a counterfeit batch on Potter and many of the others that associate with him. I can only guess that she suspects my lack of assistance, but I wouldn’t hold out on that assumption.”“Because she believes you hold a grudge against Dumbledore?” I asked, referring to the line of questioning Umbridge had done on why Severus had never gotten the position he wanted as Defense Against the Dark Arts professor.“Precisely,” he replied as we walked down the staircase to the dungeons. “I believe it’s that that has cemented my tenure in her eyes.”“Yeah… I wish the same could be said of other teachers,” I lamented. “If Dumbledore hadn’t warned me against using mental manipulation on her, I’d —”Severus wouldn’t even let me finish. “Don’t even finish that sentence. Dumbledore had good reason for warning you against it. Teachers like Hagrid, she’s already sent her observations to the Ministry. Making her change her mind is only going to create suspicion. We’ll have to allow her to continue her warpath for now.”My shoulders slumped, “I get it, I’m not that reckless… it’s just not fair.”“Neither are the Occlumency lessons I am required to give Potter. However, Dumbledore demanded them because they are necessary for his safety.”“Necessary but useless,” I scowled. “I can tell he’s not even practicing. And it even seems that the more you push your way into his mind, the more open it becomes to dad’s trap. It won’t be much longer before I’m expected to go to the Ministry to corner him when he does barge his way there.”“I know…” his scowl was just as frustrated. “And you have no choice but to follow directions, same as I. No matter how much you’ll want to help Potter — once you take position in the Department of Mysteries — you’ll have to do what’s expected of you.”I bit my lip in retrospect, my mind racing with conflicting thoughts. “Well… doing what’s expected of me isn’t exactly hard. What’s problematic is that I’m actually okay with it.”His eyes flitted toward me as we walked. Even though he was still facing forward, I felt his curiosity. “What do you mean?”“I’m okay with it,” I replied simply with a shrug. “I’m okay with doing odds and ends for either side, and that’s the problem…. It’s causing a rift between me and the people I care about. Becky wants no part of it, Draco feels like — because of what I do on the daily — I might just as easily betray him…. It’s what first caused problems with you and mom. Severus, I don’t know what I’m supposed to do anymore.”Stopping just outside his office, Severus turned to look at me. “You’re more understanding than you give yourself credit for. I know that, no matter what decision you face, you’ll know how to act. Miss Figsund still considers you a friend and, if Mr. Malfoy didn’t trust you, he wouldn’t still be standing by your side. Don’t forget, even after the initial shock, I’m still here.”Both grateful and uncertain, I gave him a small nod. With that, we walked through the doorway to his office… and were met with a surprising sight.The back of a boy’s body faced us, his face buried in a Pensieve on Severus’ desk and his hands gripping the rim of the circular instrument.I spared a glance at Severus, who was seething with untapped fury. His face turned white, and his lips began to tremble…. His hands clenched into fists as he strode over and grabbed tight hold of the boy in question. I could just barely see his head turned in the water-like memory to look at Severus who sneered, “Having fun?”With a rough pull, out came a disoriented Harry who took a moment to find his bearings and regain balance before facing Severus… still keeping a tight grip on his arm.I was thunderstruck at how infuriated he was… it was boiling over in his heart so much that it felt like it washed over me from across the room. Just what happened in that memory?“So…” he said, teeth grinding against each other in his anger, “been enjoying yourself, Potter?”Harry tried to pull his arm free, the panic of what he was caught doing set in. “N-no…”“Amusing man, your father, wasn’t he?”Severus shook Harry hard, his glasses sliding down his nose as he replied, “I — didn’t —”I gasped in surprise as Severus tossed him away from him, Harry landing brutally against the cold, dungeon floor. My hand automatically reached up to cover my slackened jaw, gazing between the two of them at a loss for how to deescalate the situation.“You will not tell anybody what you saw!” Severus blustered.Harry stood up, backing away to distance himself. “No. No, of course I w —”“Get out, get out, I don’t want to see you in this office ever again!”Bumping into the wall next to the doorway, a jar of dead cockroaches was knocked off the shelf just above him and splintered into a million pieces against his skull. Pieces of glass and roaches scattered around him just before he turned and bolted out the office.The room was deathly silent for a few moments. I was shaken to find that, even when Severus first found out what I’d been doing for dad, I’d still never seen him at his most angry. Not even when Sirius Black escaped from Hogwarts two years prior. It was the scariest I’d ever seen him, and it was over some old memory about Harry’s father.“Okay…” I said lightly, looking between the mess on the floor and Severus still convulsing with rage in front of his desk. “So, I realize you’re not in the mood right now, but…. You do realize that, by telling him you don’t want to see him in your office anymore, you basically just canceled all Occlumency lessons…? Are you really willing to break your promise to Dumbledore after you just told me I need to keep my promise to him? Rather hypocritical if you ask me… it was only a memory —”His glare in my direction was menacingly more angry than annoyed. “Get. Out.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛It was during the Easter holidays that Hermione begged me to continue training Harry on Occlumency. He hadn’t mentioned anything to her about what he’d done, nor that Severus had kicked him out. He claimed that our Potions professor had said he could handle practice on his own now that he had the basics.I confirmed her suspicions that he’d said no such thing but, since Harry obviously didn’t want to share whatever he’d seen, I didn’t give out any details. Hermione was dangerously persistent though… so yes, I gave in.With six weeks remaining until the O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s, she had created a schedule for the boys… once we figured out similar free times for us to work together, our sessions were set for a secluded area of the library. From there it was simple to find out what Severus’ memory was from the golden boy’s scarily unbarred mind.Severus. Dangling upside down from a spell caused by James Potter, calling him names and teasing him relentlessly after they finished an O.W.L. exam. And not for Severus doing anything to him… but because Sirius had claimed to be bored. Lily had popped up with a pointed hatred for James demanding for him to put him down, but she walked away angry after Severus exclaimed that he didn’t need a mudblood to save him.I had to back out of his head on that note, recalling that Severus had shared that exact story with me… and that mom blamed herself for being in detention when it happened. But wait… from what Harry saw, they’d just finished an exam… why would she be in detention directly after that? Was she caught cheating, or something? No, even she would have to mention getting expelled for that — no one’s allowed to cheat on the O.W.L.s. What the —“Now you know what I saw,” Harry dryly mentioned, sitting back in his chair in a slight daze. “I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it, and I don’t know how to explain it to Ron or Hermione.”I leaned back as well, his feelings still coursing through me at a heart-crushing pace. He was full of despair.. uncertainty.. disbelief.. utter misery. I replied,  “I can see why it’d bother you. Everyone’s always told you how great your dad is, and how you’re just like him. How do you react to proof that that wasn’t always the case? That he was a bully?”“Melody,” he suddenly leaned forward, green eyes pleading quietly to me. “You — you’re close with Snape. Is there any way he could’ve tampered with the memory to make it that way?”“When a memory is tampered with, you can tell,” I fibbed, hoping he would never find out just how easy it is to change a memory. Memories. For certain, though, it seemed better to make sure he understood that Severus’ memory was as true as they came… I realized that there was a silver lining to be had. “It’s fragmented and doesn’t flow properly. Sev — ahem, my godfather’s memory flowed smoothly as if it was happening at that very moment. I’m sorry to say that what you saw was very real.”His disappointment was obvious. “Oh…”I sighed, “We need to get back to it. This time, don’t just let me in. You have to use Occlumency to block me out.” Picking up my wand again, I cast, “Legilimens!”Again, it was easy to surf through… I watched his disagreement with Cho about what Hermione did to Marietta… Dumbledore’s last words to him before disappearing with Fawkes the phoenix… his excuse to Hermione. I felt no such attempt to block me out, no walls, not even a push. He was letting me search.I dropped my hands into my lap, backing out of his mind in deep frustration, “Harry, come on! How am I supposed to help you if you’re not even trying to follow basic instructions? I shouldn’t be able to read you like a book, you know.”“Sorry,” he shook his head, holding his hand against it as though he were having a splitting migraine. “I think I need a break. Can we get back to it next week?”My shoulders slumped as I sensed his inner distress. His parents’ past was really disconcerting to him. Should I cut him some slack? But the trap could be set soon! I won’t have any choice but to use his worries against him, then… “I… okay,” I relented, collecting my things and slinging my bag across my shoulder. “We’ll get back to it next week. And please… practice blocking your mind at night.”He merely nodded in response.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛Monday classes passed generally normal. Potions was a bit tense though as Severus made it his mission to ignore Harry, who’d done so well on his Invigoration Draught as a result of the lack of his tormenting… only for Severus to purposely drop the finished product when he brought it up to him, and for Hermione to have already cleared his potion away by the time he went back to his cauldron for another vial of it.On top of that, though, most of the tension I was sensing was within Harry. It was the dangerous kind, where he was about to do something that he shouldn’t do. Hermione’s tension was the fear that he’ll get himself caught.I walked through the hallways the rest of the day with my hand against my forehead, wracking my brains for why I was taking in so many feelings from everybody. The sensations hadn’t stopped with Harry and Hermione. It crossed over into feeling everyone else’s stress over their exams, their anxiety over their relationships, superiority as a member of the Inquisitorial Squad, excitement for leaving the school with a bang…… Excitement for leaving the school with a bang?!I opened my eyes and spun around in search of the sense of familiarity I felt from the voice of the minds that were thinking such a thing. At the other end of the hallway stood Fred, George, and Becky debating over something or other.Fred was the first one to notice me as I walked over to them, “Melody! Good to see you again! Coming to finally join us for a bit of mischief?”“Coming to find out just what kind of mischief you’re planning,” I replied simply.“It’s going to be epic!” George declared, wrapping an arm around Becky’s shoulder. “You should come join! We’ll be causing it in Gregory the Smary’s corridor around five o’clock today.”“Oh, you know Melody won’t be joining us that far,” Becky said with a small smile. “She’s got to become a teacher, you know.”“Oh, right,” Fred said, unperturbed by the news. “Right then, I suppose you’ll be wanting a bit of alone time.”My eyes narrowed, “Alone time? I don’t get it.”George kissed Becky’s head and released her, him and George giving me mock salutes as they trekked across the hallway.Becky wrung her hands together, the smile replaced with trembling lips.Realization dawned on me. “This is the last prank of you and the boys, isn’t it?… You’re leaving Hogwarts already?”Her eyes teared up, and she rushed forward to engulf me in a hug. “It — it helps that you already knew this was going to happen.” She pulled back, then, keeping her hands on my shoulders. “They’re going to open their shop in Diagon Alley. You’ll need to stop by sometime.”My barriers dropped, releasing my emotions wholeheartedly. “There’s nothing I can do to stop you, is there?” I asked, a tear tickling my cheek as it slid down my face.She shook her head with choked up laughter, “This has been my decision for months now. I haven’t even been studying, neither for our classes nor for the O.W.L.s… it’s why I haven’t let you see any of my essay scores. Besides, who needs those exams when I’ve got George? I’ll be an important part of their store.”“You’re still underage. What if your parents decide to claim that Fred and George kidnapped you?”“I’ve — er — worked my magic with that as well,” she replied awkwardly. “Don’t worry about it.”“But —”“What have you decided?” Becky interjected, eyeing me carefully as she fiddled with the snake ring still on her finger. “Which side are you on? Who are you truly helping?”I swallowed a knot that appeared in my throat. There was only one answer that would make her happy… and it was one I couldn’t give her. And the answer on the other side of the spectrum was one I couldn’t give Draco. In reply, all I did was shake my head.Rolling her lips against each other, she nodded. “I figured.” Gently patting my shoulder, she brushed by me with a quiet, “I’ll write you… Melody.”Five o’clock came sooner than expected as I made my way to the hallway George mentioned… where the chaos was already in full swing. Umbridge stood on the stairs, walking down them with a smug face toward a large crowd as Filch appeared next to her with a piece of parchment. Students, various teachers and ghosts stood around in a large ring, a few of them at the front of the crowd — including Draco and other members of the Inquisitorial Squad — were covered in yellowish Stinksap.Peeves wobbled in the air just above three cornered people, glancing around them as though they were at a loss for how to get themselves out of their current situation.“So!” Umbridge declared. “So… you think it amusing to turn a school corridor into a swamp, do you?”“Pretty amusing, yeah,” Fred replied nonchalantly.Filch giddily handed Umbridge the parchment he was holding, “I’ve got the form, Headmistress. I’ve got the form and I’ve got the whips waiting…. Oh, let me do it now….”Whips? Oh God, no…She satisfactorily replied “Very good, Argus,” before turning back to the troublemakers, “You three are about to learn what happens to wrongdoers in my school.”“You know what? I don’t think we are?” Fred replied, turning to his twin and my friend with a mischievous grin. “George, Becky… I think we’ve outgrown full-time education.”“Yeah,” George agreed, “I’ve been feeling that way myself.”“Sounds like Hogwarts will have to go on without us,” Becky said smugly.“Time to test our talents in the real world, d’you reckon?” Fred asked.“Definitely,” George and Becky answered together.As one, the twins raised their wands and cast, “Accio Brooms!”A tremendous clash sounded off on the floor above us, and soon arrived the twin’s confiscated broomsticks — one with the chain and peg still attached from when Umbridge hammered them into the wall, clinging noisily against the ground. They swept across the crowd to them.“We won’t be seeing you,” Fred stated, airily mounting his broom.George did the same, holding his hand out to Becky to assist her in mounting behind him. “Yeah, don’t bother to keep in touch.”“And we won’t be tied down by your rules anymore,” Becky added, glaring in her direction before her eyes searched the crowd… finding me with a small nod. I nodded back in understanding.I watched again as Fred looked at the silent crowd still surrounding them, declaring loudly, “If anyone fancies buying a Portable Swamp, as demonstrated upstairs, come to number ninety-three, Diagon Alley — Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes! Our new premises!”George added on, pointing right at Umbridge. “Special discounts to Hogwarts students who swear they’re going to use our products to get rid of this old bat!”“Stop them!” Umbridge shouted angrily.Too late.As members of the Inquisitorial Squad closed in — even a hesitant Draco as Becky glared pointedly at him — Fred and George heavily kicked the ground beneath them, soaring right into the air with the iron peg dangling close to people’s heads below them. I ducked as it nearly bowled me over.“Give her hell from us, Peeves,” I heard Fred say.Peeves… actually took his ghostly hat off his head and stood straight as a board to give them an honorable salute as the three troublemakers spun around and sped out the opened front doors…… Disappearing into the sunset as I watched.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The following weeks leading up to the week of exams, O.W.L.s and N.E.W.T.s, were full of chaos and insanity even with Becky and the twins being gone. Peeves did his fair share of property damage, including trapping Mrs. Norris inside various suits of armor. Other students did their part by eating those skiving snackboxes of Fred and George’s so they would have to leave Umbridge’s class in vomiting, fainting, feverish droves. Plus someone snuck a niffler into her office, and it tore everything up — even pulled rings right off of her fingers.Like Severus, the other teachers did nothing to assist Umbridge or Filch as they attempted to create order out of the chaos. Filch patrolled the hallways with a whip in hand, but with no way of knowing who to hit considering there were too many troublemakers to choose from. I knew teachers like McGonagall would have already gotten rid of the swamp Fred, George and Becky set up, but Umbridge couldn’t figure it out.Members of the Inquisitorial Squad were facing more trouble than ever. No matter what I’d taught them about how to duel and dodge, some of them were still getting bested by the new miscreants. Warrington ended up with a horrifying skin condition of unknown origins, and Pansy missed a week of classes because she grew antlers — her being in the hospital wing was about as bad as when Hermione stayed in the hospital wing sporting the physical features of Pansy’s cat.Considering Draco was a more… despised member of the squad, I tried to keep my promise to him by staying by his side. Even if some people were more focused on getting back at Umbridge, there were still those who wanted to fight me and hex him. Although, it did make things difficult when I meant to go train Harry in Occlumency, and Draco wanted me to stay with him wherever he was meaning to go. It took a bit of finagling, but I did make my sessions with Harry.Not that he ever practiced or worked hard for them. His mind became more open with every “Legilimens” I uttered. I was beginning to think my strength was a bit too heavy on his head in comparison to Severus. Even so, it didn’t make a difference how strong or weak I was to him, he still did nothing to defend against it.Throughout the chaos of the school, though, Umbridge still made it her duty to attend all the career discussion sessions between each of the fifth years and their Heads of House. Even though I was well beyond my year, she still insisted on the session which went something along the lines of a joke in my eyes.I’d walked in Severus’ office and sat down, looking with mock seriousness between both him and Umbridge as I leaned forward on his desk and said, “I think we already know my choice is to be a professor, Professor Snape. The new requirements since our last idiot teacher, Lockhart, is to earn at least N.E.W.T. level for all the subjects, correct?”Severus nodded, “Precisely.”“Hem hem.”Severus’ eyes rolled, and he seemingly suppressed a sigh as he asked, “What is it, Umbridge?”“Just that I think Miss Riddle should consider other career options,” she simpered. “Many parents are already enraged that their children are in classes with the daughter of the Dark Lord, let alone how they would feel about her becoming a professor. They want to be able to entrust their childrens’ safety, not their deaths.”“I’m sure some are enraged enough without me even being involved,” I muttered. “Let’s not forget how Montague’s parents outright blamed you for what happened to him.”She decidedly ignored me with a light giggle, “I understand how many of them feel. If I were a parent, and she were a professor here, I’d send my child to a different school or just teach them at home. There are better options than to hand them to her — an accident waiting to happen.”My automatic reply was arrogant to a fault, but I couldn’t help myself. “I shudder to think about who could’ve been unfortunate enough to have you as a mother.”Her gasp was music to my ears, and her visible shock was delicious eye candy. She turned to Severus to snap, “Snape — you’re her Head of House! Make her behave! I am the Headmistress, I won’t stand for this!”Severus’ response would continue to ring through my head for days afterward, both as a source of humor and… a sense of perspective on how he views me….He merely turned to her, facial expression cold and aloof, to say, “If you can’t control her, what makes you think I can?”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛The week of O.W.L.s I spent taking N.E.W.T.s with the seventh years, who all eyed me suspiciously. Considering I’d been able to take my O.W.L.s alone the previous year, not having that luxury this time around was quite a letdown, but I didn’t allow that to distract me. It was exciting to have the opportunity to become a teacher the following year, and I did not want that to go to waste.Thursday morning during the second exam week — the very last day of them — it was found out that around midnight Umbridge had set Aurors on Hagrid to kick him off school grounds. They had succeeded, of course, as he’d run off into the Forbidden Forest, but they’d done something else as well…… McGonagall had attempted to step in to protect him, and was stunned by all four Aurors.Ash took over for her Transfigurations exams for the younger students and, due to that fact, was rather responsible with his duties. He took charge over making sure everything was moving smoothly, and was seen at her bedside in the hospital wing just to give her some company despite being unconscious.After my final exam that afternoon, I walked into the Slytherin common room, ready to just lay down in bed and possibly take a nap…. The weeks had been tiring, to say the least. I was surprised, however, to find Seraphina sitting in an armchair by the fire.Despite my exhaustion, I brightened at the sight of her. “Seraphina, you’re back. Did the Basilisk have what you were looking for?”She turned to look at me, her expression too serious to gauge what she was thinking. “Oh. No, not quite… the Basilisk won’t help me, but Cassandra’s definitely happy with the venom, so she would like me to thank you for mentioning it to her.”“No problem… er, is everything okay?”Seraphina sighed, closing her eyes and running her fingers through her silky hair with a mildly irritated countenance. “I’m here on a mission from your father… to let you know that the trap has been set.” She opened her brilliant blue eyes again to gaze soulfully at me. “It’s time.”⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: Dudes…. I was CACKLING when I realized (or, rather, remembered a few chapters prior to this one) that Severus broke his promise to Dumbledore about teaching Harry Occlumency just because he snooped into his Pensieve and saw that memory…. And that’s long after the point of me writing about Melody doing as Dumbledore asks only because Severus wanted her to be nice with him. The minute I realized… he effed up bahahaha!

There I was… in the Department of Mysteries yet again…wandering through the various rooms, alone, in deep thought.To ease my anxiety over the possible chaos ahead of me, I figured that I could see what other rooms the department had to offer while a handful of dad’s followers took point on getting the prophecy from Harry. It included Lucius Malfoy.When I was about to leave Hogwarts, I’d had to stop Draco from following me. He knew for a certainty that his dad was going to be helping, so he not only wanted to come for my sake, but he wanted to help him, too. It was another long argument before I told him we would take care of it, and he didn’t have to worry. His place was at Hogwarts, patrolling the hallways and keeping Harry from coming to the Ministry.But I was supposed to be distracting myself with the rooms I was searching… not dwelling further on my problems.What I hadn’t realized was that the Department of Mysteries came as an odd maze of sorts… the center hallway was a large, round marble black room with a multitude of doors that lacked handles and were spread apart at exact distances. In between each door were dark candelabras with blue flames flickering softly, casting a dim light over my feet.I had been alternating rooms, but then so did the room. Every time I closed a door behind me, the room would rumble and the wall would begin to spin, effectively making me lose sight of which door I had just come out of. I started cutting a small notch into the bottom corner of each door I came out of, indicating that I’d already seen it. I figured it would disappear eventually, but the fact that it was still visible was a good enough sign for me.I’d thus far gone into a room with desks facing a tank full of brains… literally swimming around in ugly greenish water… which I did not linger in.Behind the second door, I was drawn to a tall, stone archway at the very center of a room just as large and cold as the Hall of Prophecies… it stood at the very top of a pyramid-like set of steps. I walked up closer to it, finding cracks in its foundation and mildly concerned that the torn black veil hanging in front of it was fluttering as though there was wind blowing through the still room.As I got closer, I began to hear faint whispering emanating from behind the veil itself. One stood out slightly among the rest, somehow familiar and yet not:“Not your time… stay away… live……

I halted in place, staring at the veil in dismay. The other voices in the background became more fervent in their whispers, yet all that would run through my mind was the words that were clearest.“But why?” I asked aloud.There was no clear answer. The whispers eventually died down to a manageable trickle of soft gibberish, too. With a heavy feeling in my chest, I left the room.Live forever? No, thank you. Look how much trouble that gives dad, and he risks everything to keep it… even his own physical appearance. Seraphina’s having to

to find a way to do the same,

affecting her in any other way… heh, could call them side effects.After cutting a notch in the door and closing it, the room did another spin around before I could pick a new door to push open. This one was… full of broken mirrors. Antique ones with chipped edges as well as ones that had obviously been brought in there rather recently, the polishing on the edges of those crisp and shiny. Some were tall, there were handheld one, and I saw those that were meant to hang on the wall. Every last one of them cracked or completely shattered.I walked over to one that stood as tall as I was, reflecting a split version of my face covered by the cobra mask. My eyes, red from holding the aging spell, shone brightly through the eye openings for my mask… I looked absolutely menacing with my robes darker than night.Maybe I should think about a different outfit, I thought distractedly, moving side to side as I stared at myself. Black is more for dad and his Death Eaters.I was reminded of a conversation Seraphina and I had had after the prison breakout, where she mentioned that she’d prefer to show herself off as the Angel of Death in outfits of emerald green and gold. She’d only worn black for the breakout due to the secrecy of the situation, as well as to match with her wings… which had brought me to another line of questions as to how she could create such wings. Having wings to fly with sounded much more fun than using the flying spell Barty had taught me.The truth of the matter had been that; when Jessamyn, Ash, and Cassandra became Animagi during their third year, Seraphina had been attempting it as well… the difference was that she had complications. Her wings and tail were that of a thestral — a partial form — partial because wizards couldn’t fully become magical creatures without setbacks. It was too bold of a transformation. Since she didn’t realize it was going to be the outcome, the trio had to really save her from a terrible fate as being stuck in thestral form forever.  As a result, she could only have the wings and tail, which worked quite well for her.Since most people couldn’t see thestrals — having never seen death — many couldn’t fully see her transformation. I had wondered when I mentioned Seraphina’s wings to Draco, and he had no clue what I was talking about. My assumption was that the whole situation was too chaotic for him to notice or remember.She did, however, teach me the spell she’d used to distort her voice. Dealing with Harry, Ron and Hermione, they were likely to recognize me in an instant if I spoke without it. I hadn’t applied it yet, however, because having it on for a long period of time made my throat sore. However Batman was supposed to do it — and without a spell — every single night was beyond me.I took a deep breath, staring at my broken reflection in contemplation… when it seemed… to glitch. As though there were suddenly two of me, the cobra mask split to one side of the crack and my actual face split to the left. The cobra mask morphed slightly, the mouth and head moving to look at my face… before striking at my fear-filled expression.I gasped, quickly backing up as I covered my eyes, before tripping flat on my butt. My breaths were shaky as the imagery replayed in my mind, keeping my eyes covered until I gathered up enough courage to take a peak. The mirror was blank again, reflecting only a cracked view of the room around me.I gotta get out of here, I thought, turning to stand up in the direction of the door so I couldn’t look at the mirror anymore.I lost my balance slightly as a huge CRASH sounded off in the near distance, the slight tremor across the ground causing me to hold my hands out in front of me. The moment it stopped, I sped to the door with my eyes narrowed. Damnit, so much for hoping he wouldn’t make it here. Still wonder why dad didn’t mention to Seraphina who he implanted in Harry’s brain to save…. Anyway, how hard is it to quietly get a prophecy from someone that doesn’t understand what it is?Once I was out in the door-shuffling hallway, I waited a minute after letting the doors spin around. If they were fighting, I was bound to hear something else sooner or later. Sure enough, I heard the unmistakable sound of the stunning spell being cast multiple times by various people… along with the sound of glass breaking.. a lot. I followed the sound to one door, placing my ear against it.A voice that was unquestionably Hermione’s shouted, “Accio Wand!”I pulled my wand out of my pocket, ready to cast the voice distortion spell on myself and charge in… but abruptly froze in place. What am I doing? I gripped the handle on my wand, my hand growing whiter by the second from the pressure. Am I really going to attack them?… I’m just here to supervise, the Death Eaters don’t need me.Chaos ensued behind the door, and I… backed up and ran inside a different room.Back to the room with the stone arch. Of course.I ran up the steps to pace in front of the arch — a safe distance from the veil, of course — debating the situation. If I did nothing, the Death Eaters would notice and… well… snitch. But. If I did my part as he expected… could I? Come what may of what I have done for him in the past, but I have never had to fight any of them. Not even Harry. Could I do that today?

I was barely given a moment to think with the whispering seemingly echoing louder and louder from behind the veil of the stone arch. I nearly shouted at it to shut up when — from out of practically nowhere — there was Harry. Tumbling down in my direction from the top of stone steps above where the arch was… the very prophecy we were here to retrieve was clutched close to his chest, glowing brightly against the dullness of the room. Are there doors leading through all the different rooms as well? I thought, baffled, still brandishing my wand at the ready for whenever he finished falling. Well, no matter. Seems I have no choice. I need that prophecy or dad will be extremely displeased. And I’m the head of this mission….I’d barely even spoken to or paid attention to any of the participants of the mission other than Mr. Malfoy. Besides for the woman, Bellatrix Lestrange — who voiced her opinion every chance she got and, strangely enough, praised me almost as much as she worshiped the ground my dad stood on — I had disregarded the rest of them rather easily.That thought bothered me as Harry finally landed at the bottom of the steps on his back just  a few feet away from me. Was that how dad viewed many of his followers? As nothing more than pawns to send at his beck and call without consideration for how the possible outcomes in a mission might affect them?As if on cue, there came their synchronistic… hideous laughter coming from the top of the steps where Harry had first appeared. He looked at me in bewilderment, sparing one glance back at the Death Eaters as they slowly walked down the steps before standing up on shaky legs and doing his best to see everyone around him. However, the number of Death Eaters grew as more of them arrived through other doors, walking and even jumping on each step to get to him. With the prophecy held protectively in his left hand and his wand safely gripped in his right hand, he backed up a few steps until he hit the dais the arch rested on and continued his ascent to stand on top of it.“So…” Harry started, staring pointedly at me. “Who are you supposed to be? The Angel of Death?”Bellatrix was quick to gasp in dismay, raising her wand threateningly at him, “You dare speak to her so casually, Potter?! I —”I inwardly sighed, holding my hand up to shut her up and pointing my wand at my throat for the voice distortion… Ver Zerr Dun…. When I spoke, it still sounded weird to do so without my normal tone. “I am a different ally, Harry Potter… I am the Dark Sentient. Either way, you have something we need. Give it to us, and we won’t harm you…. Today at least.”His eyebrows furrowed in response, tearing his gaze away from me to try to watch everyone surrounding him.Lucius appeared next to me, pulling off his mask to give me a nod and slowly say, “Potter, your race is run. Now hand us the prophecy like a good boy….”You expect an arrogant hero to give you something after you say something so demeaning? I thought sardonically.My dubious thoughts were proven wrong as Harry’s plea made me realize his face was desperate. “Let — let the others go, and I’ll give it to you!”Wait… where is Ron and Hermione? I didn’t dare ponder it, especially when a handful of chuckles were given around me.“You are not in a position to bargain, Potter,” Lucius said with a smile.  “You see, there are eleven of us and only one of you… or hasn’t Dumbledore ever taught you how to count?”“He’s dot alone! He’s still god be!” a nasal voice shouted from above, a figure bolting down the steps toward us…. I couldn’t believe it. It was Neville Longbottom, sporting a broken nose. Charging at us with a wand that clearly wasn’t his, bravely ready to take on insurmountable odds. Like Harry Potter. Like a true Gryffindor.Harry’s face betrayed his fears even before he yelled, “Neville — no — go back to Ron —”Neville directed his wand at each Death Eater, shouting, “Stubefy!” repeatedly as he went. Since his nose was broken, however, his wand didn’t emit a single stunning spell.A Death Eater, on the larger size than the rest of them, grabbed Neville from behind — the boy lashing out to the best of his ability. However, he was held firmly in his grip, no escape in sight.“It’s Longbottom, isn’t it?” Lucius asked. “Well, your grandmother is used to losing family members to our cause…. Your death will not come as a great shock….”

I switched my loyalty to Harry when it came to retrieving the Sorcerer’s Stone.. and I didn’t even lift an eyebrow when Harry destroyed dad’s sixteen year old memory. I witnessed his resurrection last year when he lost Harry… of course, it’s not like I could do anything considering I was only seeing it through a vision…. But still……

I need to help him for once….

“You are quite wrong,” Dumbledore said calmly, getting closer to him by the second. “Indeed, your failure to understand that there are things much worse than death has always been your greatest weakness —”From dad, a beam of bright green was shot in Dumbledore’s direction. Jumping in the way to protect him was the gold centaur, breaking apart into multiple pieces upon impact… but Dumbledore readied his wand for another spell before all the pieces even landed on the ground. Strangely enough, dad seemed to lose focus for a moment, his gaze flitting to mine as his grip on his wand loosened somewhat.I didn’t question it beyond the initial surprise. I instead saw that as my chance to act.Building up the energy I’d taken earlier from Harry, plus my own, I released it in a burst of power like a halo around my body. The goblin and house-elf were close to landing their full weights on me when I did so and, luckily, the blast was strong enough to blow them far away from me.In the next moment, I had just enough strength to launch myself into the direction of their battle, throwing myself into the line of fire. I barely registered their mingled looks of shock when I made it in front of dad, Dumbledore’s spell too late to hold back as it sprung toward me. I held my arms out in the same fashion as the headless statue, ignoring the strong sensation of fight or flight crashing over me… when the spell seemingly jammed itself into my chest.A well of excruciating pain stemmed from where I’d been hit, electrifying the rest of my body in a matter of seconds. I didn’t know what I’d been hit with, or how long I’d been feeling the unpleasant sensations… but, eventually, the pain went away. My eyes automatically closed and, energy sapped dry, my body collapsed. I was thrown into darkness before I could even touch the ground.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

Author’s Note: Merry Christmas 2021 and a Happy New Year in 2022 everybody!!

The chapter following this is the last of Order of the Phoenix, AND it’s all edited to near perfection!! I made it!! Wait — no — WE MADE IT!!!

My original plan was to finish on the new year of 2021… and I would’ve succeeded, too, had things in real life not become so complicated. But it’s okay, so long as my family is healthy that’s all that matters — I DO write only for fun after all.

I know for many that the ending to this book is not going to be what you wished for or expected, but this has been the plan since I started writing it again. Melody has had a long, tough year that began with tragedy, but it is the rough ending that will force her to humble herself and focus on what she’s supposed to do. It may cause her personal pain, but I promise that the end result when I finally make it even through Deathly Hallows will be worth the wait… so, will you all stand by her side through the good and the bad?

In any case, as 2022 progresses, I’ll work on my other fics as well as edit everything I’ve already posted for Melody. I wanted every chapter to be something closer to perfect by editing everything — which is now done. When June 22 rolls around — the 10 year anniversary of the day I posted the first chapter of Sorcerer’s Stone! Yes, this is the year — Melody’s journey from 2012 to now has been a real blast, and it only continues to grow in my head. Plus, in the months to come, I’m doing something as a way for me to personally celebrate this momentous year that I will get to treasure for years to come. And it will be the year that Half Blood Prince begins — may we hope it takes way less than eight years to finish. Then again, it should at least be shorter than Order of the Phoenix… but I don’t possess any promises other than the reveal of the century.

This is my last author’s note for this book as Melody’s consistent ending note should be the only one for the fiftieth chapter. It may have ended later than I wanted, but it still marks the end of an era. Thank you all so much for your love and support! You keep me going even through all my rough patches just so I can get my creativity out. Here’s to another year!

P.S…. Then again, perhaps since I was planning on such an ending for Melody, I deserved for my 2021 to end so crappy, huh? Agh… oh well, what’s done is done. xD

The room froze for only a moment’s time. The mixed emotions of confusion and astonishment passed between the two subjects of the prophecy that shattered that night — the Dark Lord and the Boy Who Lived. Their feelings were one as they watched the cobra mask fall to the ground, revealing an unconscious Melody Riddle as her legs crumpled underneath her. The aging spell was undone, as well, her features returning to a sixteen year-old’s young complexion.Voldemort caught her against his chest, his reaction distinctively troubled as he stared down at her face. His free arm held her by her waist, his grip on his wand tightening as his lips pursed in hot fury. She’d disappointed him that night… but she still jumped in the way of a spell meant for him. Her willingness to help and protect him was proven true…. He felt the strong need to do better than that for her sake. She was his daughter.Harry Potter watched the scene with dismay, eyeing the way his greatest enemy held his own daughter with slight tenderness. The boy’s first impression was to assume that he’d used the Imperius Curse on her for her to have fought for him, and yet it was overshadowed by the sight of him conjuring the cobra mask back to rest on her face. Turning her slightly in his hold, he’d faced her toward him so her mask leaned forward against his shoulder.

The battle restarted against a perplexed Dumbledore as Voldemort cast a Killing Curse at him. The beam skimming past his face, Dumbledore drew his wand back and waved it in a wide motion. Emanating from the tip was a long, whip-like flame that wrapped itself completely around Voldemort and Melody, including the silver shield he still had up.

It almost looked as though Voldemort had lost until the rope transformed into an angry snake, releasing him and his daughter to face Dumbledore. Voldemort and Melody disappeared from view while the snake readied itself to strike.

When they reappeared at the center of the water-filled fountain, there was an explosion of fire in the air over Dumbledore’s head.

Harry, desperate to help Dumbledore in any way, felt as though his heart was about to jump out of his chest. “Look out!” he shouted, attempting to get from behind the headless wizard statue that stepped right back in his way.

Voldemort sent another curse in Dumbledore’s direction as the snake struck. Dumbledore’s phoenix, Fawkes, flew in front of Dumbledore and opened his beak, swallowing the curse in its entirety… bursting into flames, and falling to the floor, reborn as a molten baby phoenix. As that occurred, so too did Dumbledore wave his wand at the attacking snake, sending it flying into the air before it transformed into dissipating dark smoke.

In the next moment, Dumbledore pointed his wand at Voldemort, encasing him and Melody into a circle using the water they stood in. For a mere few seconds, as the ball of fountain water spun around, they were visible at its center only as one combined shadowy figure that partially wriggled at its center.

Voldemort struggled to move his wand properly in the crushing gravity of the water surrounding them, his lungs burning for air… but he would survive the ordeal no matter how long Dumbledore kept him in there.

The wand movement was finally done right, and they disappeared from the water ball.

Harry spun around in search of them. His worry had mounted when Dumbledore surrounded

of them in water. Melody being passed out during that time meant she was much more likely to drown quickly, and Harry wasn’t sure what to think about Dumbledore knowingly placing her in more danger.

It was apparent to him that she couldn’t have been there of her own free will — all he had to think back on began from their first year of Hogwarts when Voldemort and Quirrell brought her beneath the school under the effects of an Imperius Curse. She’d awoken only to get chained up…… This time, Harry felt helpless to her suffering. To be used as a pawn to protect her father… and yet, his thoughts on that continued to be conflicted by the way he’d held her so close. Almost as though he’d given in to a paternal instinct to protect her.

!” Bellatrix wailed.

It was Bellatrix’s outburst that caused Harry to figure Voldemort must’ve run.

. He ran from behind the wizard statue, aiming to reach Dumbledore’s side.

Dumbledore quickly turned, fear evident in his voice as he yelled, “Stay where you are, Harry!”

Unsure as to why he sounded so worried, he was unpleasantly surprised when his scar immediately exploded in pain. Enough pain he was sure he was about to die — no, he was

dead. Unimaginable pain spread tendrils across his head while he fell to the ground trying to handle it. It was like a red-eyed creature burrowing its way through him, sharing its pain and suffering with him.

Voldemort used his connection to the boy to inflict as much pain in his brain as possible from a distance away — all the pain he was feeling from his fight with Dumbledore plus the pain that was spreading across Melody’s chest from whatever she’d been hit with.

He wanted him to feel all of it

Then he gained access to Harry’s eyes and mouth, looking up at the approaching Headmaster to speak through him. “Kill me now, Dumbledore…. If death is nothing, Dumbledore, kill the boy….”

From near the fountain once more, Voldemort also watched Dumbledore’s worried gaze as he looked down at Harry Potter wriggling in pain on the floor. The boy’s glasses were knocked off in the process, sliding across the floor to the foot of the headless wizard as it fell backward to the floor, useless against an attack to the boy’s mind.

At the same time, while Dumbledore was distracted, the Angel of Death appeared next to Bellatrix and the witch statue holding her down. With one wave of her wand, the statue quietly fractured into a million minuscule pieces. She roughly grabbed the cowering woman by her arm, pulling her to her feet.

Harry Potter’s mind was breaking down in the process. He

to die, hoping to do so soon so he could see Sirius Black again. “Let the pain stop. Let him kill us…. End it, Dumbledore…. Death is nothing compared to this….”

The boy’s heart filled with anticipation for death… he was

there…. But Voldemort was left to grind his teeth as the Minister for Magic, and many other witnesses and Aurors, appeared in the Atrium. Many of them pointed Voldemort, the Angel of Death, and the Dark Sentient out to the portly man’s open-mouthed surprise.

The Dark Lord was forced to release his hold on the boy’s mind. With one look in the direction of Bellatrix and the Angel of Death, they Disapparated from the Ministry as one.

In the entryway to Seraphina’s mansion, Voldemort felt his anger rise. His hold on Melody’s body was still close, and he also wrapped his other arm across her back. With an infuriated, deafening scream, he bent to the ground on his knees with her unconscious — but still breathing — against him… his rage releasing enough energy to shatter all the portraits and pieces of art in the room around them.

Seraphina released her spells covering her face and distorting her voice to look around in horror. Miffed at the damage, she yelled, “

⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛After a long discussion between Harry Potter and Professor Albus Dumbledore in the Headmaster’s office following the events at the Department of Mysteries, the Boy Who Lived was still mourning the death of his godfather. No matter how much Dumbledore had insisted Sirius’ death was his own fault, Harry still felt responsible for falling for Voldemort’s trap. If only he’d never gone there… Sirius would still be alive.

To fend off thoughts of Sirius, he asked a question that had been waiting for an answer all night. “The end of the prophecy… it was something about… ‘neither can live….’”

“‘… while the other survives,’” Dumbledore finished for him.

“So… so does that mean that… that one of us has got to kill the other one… in the end?”

They were quiet for a long time after that, darkness and despair surrounding them in waves. There was far too much information to process… everything Dumbledore had revealed to him about his connection to Voldemort through the prophecy uttered by Sibyll Trelawney sixteen years prior. There had to be something else he could put his mind on to forget, if only temporarily, the amount of weight that pressed down on his shoulders…

Thoughts of Sirius’s death, yet again, gave Harry reason to want to think of something else entirely… when something occurred to him.

“Melody… he had Melody again,” he quickly stood, hurriedly thinking of places to begin searching for her. The graveyard he’d been kidnapped to the previous year, Little Hangleton, at the forefront of his mind. “We have to find her — we have to save her —!”

The slow shake of Dumbledore’s head gave him pause, “I’m sorry to say this, Harry, but Melody can’t be saved.”

“What d’you mean?” he asked, his anger at Dumbledore rising again as it had already done multiple times in one sitting. “We have to! She would do the same for me! I think she even broke free from his Imperius Curse on her when I tried to get Sirius from that arch! We need to

“You should already know this, Harry,” Dumbledore said softly, his calm demeanor causing a shell-shocked Harry to plop back down in his seat. “Voldemort has had her in his clutches since the day he found out about her five years ago. No matter how strong of a witch she is, Voldemort will always have control of her and her actions when he needs her.”

“But… but you can’t do anything?”

“I’ve tried,” Dumbledore replied, holding his hands palm up in front of him. “My hands are tied.”

“She — she’s the strongest witch in our year — if she can’t fight against him, how can I? She even tried to teach me Occlumency —”

“The difference, as you already know Harry, is that you are

to go up against him. Melody’s path is not so simple. As her father, Voldemort has a heavy effect on her — especially since her magic was used to amplify his powers upon his resurrection.

“She’ll be back in school next year, none the wiser, as though nothing happened. The Ministry and the Order know nothing of her involvement, nor will they. And you can not mention a word to her or your companions about it.”

“Wh-what?” The situation was becoming more dismal by the second. He was already feeling hopelessly alone in concerns to his destiny. Imagining that he could possibly speak to Melody about it gave him a minor sense of comfort, considering she was the only one to possibly understand how all of it was affecting him… but that hope was dashed with Dumbledore’s warning. “Why?”

“I imagine Miss Granger would have a hard time keeping that from her…. Harry, Melody has a long way to go before she can be strong enough to fight against his hold on her — and she can only do it of her own accord. Until such a time, Voldemort has access to everything she sees and hears… it pains me to isolate her, but until she can shake off his hold on her, anything relating to the Order of the Phoenix must be kept secret from her.”

that’s why she was able to use what I found out about my dad against me… Voldemort saw what she saw when I let her in my head…. She had been very upset when I kept letting her in my mind. Little does she know how right she was…

The situation was so overwhelming, all Harry was left with was an utter sense of loneliness and guilt. Melody would have to go through her situation alone, same as him. Uncertainty concerning how Voldemort had interacted with her was still mystifying to him as well. “He — He held her so close…. D-do you think he cares about Melody?”

“Don’t let your eyes deceive you, Harry,” Dumbledore’s eyes closed with an exhausted sigh. “She is a pawn to him, and nothing more.”

The memory of Melody’s usually silvery gray eyes… blazing a red as dark as blood, and pleading at him behind a cobra mask… they haunted Harry’s thoughts for the rest of the night.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛"It's as I feared," Seraphina lamented, her hand resting against an unconscious Melody's forehead as she shook her head.

The room they were in was the one Melody stayed in over the holidays at Seraphina’s mansion. Her school trunk leaned against the wall nearby, neatly packed a week before by a fuming Severus Snape who stood in the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest.

Melody had been comatose for nearly two weeks by that point. The minute Severus brought her cat from the school, he’d curled himself up in the crook of her neck to purr every so often.

“What is as you feared?” Severus demanded. “Don’t say something so open-ended and not explain it.

is she still asleep?”

“Her mind is repairing itself,” she admitted, pulling her hand away from the girl’s forehead to cover her own mouth and nose in thought. “She knew what she was doing was risky, and yet she did it anyway…. I

her that she couldn’t use mental manipulation on someone she’s close to.”

“The Boy Who Lived, of course,” Seraphina clarified, pulling her hand down to also cross her arms. “It’s obvious. She was so desperate to get that prophecy for Voldy, she was willing to plant insecurities in the boy’s mind to get it. Thankfully, she didn’t attempt to control him… or she would’ve been in a state much worse than this.”

Severus cursed under his breath. “I don’t believe this…”

“Oh, don’t worry about it,” she waved her hand as an attempt to look calm. Her hand trembled slightly, however, as she re-crossed her arms. “She’ll wake up soon.”

“As long as it’s been since she was last awake… ‘soon’ is not soon enough, Seraphina,” he snapped.

“Well, don’t get snippy with me.”

“Why not?” he demanded, his teeth grinding against each other in snarl. “If it wasn’t for you; sneaking her in and out of the castle, and teaching her unnecessary amounts of Dark Magic, she wouldn’t have become so reckless — all to show off for you!”

Seraphina’s mouth dropped open in outrage. “You act as though I was forcing the Dark Magic lessons on her! I’ve only ever acted on Voldy’s whims!”

“No, you haven’t, Seraphina…. You’ve acted as

pleased — efficiently making Melody believe she can do the exact same. What you seem to forget is that she’s just turned sixteen —

sixteen — and with her looking to you as her role model,

you do is mimicked. Everything you say is closely listened to, while the ones who care the most for her safety are constantly ignored!”

The cobalt blue eyes that stared back at him were taken aback, emotions of remorse and uncertainty filling the room around them until she quickly regained her confidence. “I feel you misjudge her, Snape. She’s cleverer than the average sixteen year old — she’s even about to be a Hogwarts professor this year —”

“Leaving no room for a child’s overconfidence,” he sneered, pushing past her to sit in the chair next to the bed. Curling his fingers over Melody’s hand, he sighed, “I know you care about her…. However, there are precautions that need to be followed. Now more than ever.

“Both Dumbledore and the Dark Lord are less than pleased with Melody’s actions at the Department of Mysteries… Admittedly, I’m on edge concerning how she’s going to react to the news when she awakens. Especially in regards to Mr. Malfoy….

“And it would behoove me to explain to you that Dumbledore has banned you and all your followers from entering Hogwarts this coming year.”

Seraphina’s frown deepened thoughtfully. “Is that why Ash returned from the school all upset? All he wanted to do was assist McGonagall in Transfigurations.”

“He was an acceptable assistant in her absence… but now, Dumbledore expects more people at the school that he can

than those he has to

. On top of Melody, he already has the entirety of Slytherin House to keep an eye on… he shouldn’t have to worry about extra members of his staff as well.”

“But… how —”

“This is Mr. Z and Miss Snyde we are talking about… they are not very good at —”

speak about them that way,” Seraphina snapped, her cool composure lost for a moment before she straightened herself. She gave a small smile to maintain a crisp demeanor, “I never asked for who was at fault. Fine.. Dumbledore found out they’re my followers. It is what it is. Don’t name them when you know they’re not at fault… you said Dumbledore had his means of finding out, and this proves it.”

Severus quietly nodded, his gaze laser-focused on Melody as though to avoid looking at Seraphina.

“Tell me he at least got rid of Umbitch.”

“She’s gone. Never to return to Hogwarts grounds as a professor. You’ll be happy to know she was slightly traumatized as well… Mr. Potter and Miss Granger led her into the Forbidden Forest before they departed for the Ministry, and left her to get abducted by the centaurs. Dumbledore had to go rescue her.”

Seraphina snorted at the news. “He should’ve left her to rot with her fake pureblood ideals… no matter. Anyway, how did Jessamyn handle the news? I haven’t seen her in weeks now, I’d wondered why she busied herself so suddenly… she only does that to distract herself. She must be devastated that she can’t visit Hagrid or the creatures she helped him raise.”

“Hard, I’m sure. To go from one of Dumbledore’s most trusted former pupils to a duplicitous subordinate of one he considers his enemy… is quite the fall from grace for someone like her. The last I saw her was at the end-of-year feast. She certainly seemed troubled.”

“And I bet you either said something nasty, or didn’t speak to her at all,” Seraphina replied brusquely.

“I didn’t need to say anything. It wouldn’t make a difference to say ‘I told you so.’ McPhee seemed to already be distressed enough over it.”

Seraphina rolled her eyes, “I’m going to go talk to her….” She paused on her march to the door, turning to look at Severus Snape over her shoulder. “By the way, it’s not that Dumbledore lost faith in a trusted former student. It’s that he lost a soldier willing to die for his cause. You know that and, worst of all, Jessamyn knows that.

“Just.. just let me know when Melody wakes up.”

His only response was a slight incline of his head, and her heels clicked rhythmically against the ground as she left.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I groaned upon waking, my muscles feeling tense and bunched up. Stretching myself out as far as I could — avoiding a possible muscle spasm in the process — I opened my blurry vision to a dark blue ceiling. My… what number does that make it?… sixth room throughout my life to call my bedroom?I roughly rubbed the palm of my hand against my forehead. No time for absurd inner digressions…. What’s been going on again? I wracked my brain for a minute before everything came flooding back to me.The events of the Department of Mysteries. The visions from after I passed out. The amount of time that passed during the visions was many weeks and, yet, it all passed by in what felt like ten minutes. The… the way… the way he held me.Subconsciously, I began to smile uncontrollably at that particular image. It was a step in the direction I was aiming for. It was proof that putting some of my emotions into the Flesh, Blood and Bone potion the year before was having some sort of positive effect. He actually held me… protected me even…. He didn’t offer that to Bellatrix. But, remember, he didn’t offer it to mom either. That brought me out of my elated high, rubbing my eyes and sitting up in bed to wake up a little more. There had been a lot of visions that passed in my sleep, far too much information to process but I had to focus.Harry still believed I was innocent. The Ministry and the Order still had no knowledge of my assistance. I nearly made myself go insane using mental manipulation on Harry (no wonder I lost my temper so suddenly). Seraphina and her followers were banned from Hogwarts, but at least Umbridge was as well. Most importantly… it seemed I had come in on the very end of Harry’s conversation with Dumbledore, so I definitely missed a lot of important information. But, what I did catch was very major.‘Neither can live… while the other survives.’

One of them has to die.Speaking of dead… oh, Sirius… I mourned the loss of Sirius, my hand pressing against my chest. He was too good for such an ending… he didn’t even get his name cleared before he died. Poor Harry loved him like a father….“Melody?”I looked up, smiling when I saw a gobsmacked Draco standing in the doorway. One of my immediate worries on the visions that passed — the small mention Severus had made toward how I’d react concerning Draco — was soothed by his presence. “Draco, you’re okay!”“Me?” he sounded aghast. He walked over to sit in the chair next to me… resting his right hand against his left forearm a bit defensively. He winced slightly as though he’d gripped it too hard, loosening his hold and smiling at me as though it didn’t happen. “You’re the one that’s been out cold. How are you feeling?”“A bit weak, but I’ll be fine,” I replied distractedly, staring at his arm with mounting worry. “Draco… what’s wrong with your arm?”“Nothing. Don’t worry about it.”Ignoring the heaviness in my limbs, I quickly reached forward to grab his wrist. I expected a bit more of a fight, but his flinch of pain as I pulled him in garnered my suspicions already.“No — Mel — stop —”Pushing the sleeve of his robe back, I was taken aback by the sight before me. I dropped his arm, my heart seemingly freezing in my chest  as my mouth dropped open. “No… he couldn’t have —”Tattooed in dark black ink on Draco’s forearm was a skull with a snake flowing out of its mouth as its tongue. The Dark Mark.“Mel…” Draco’s tone was apologetic, his gaze ashamed. “I — I was going to tell you — I’m —”My jaw set, I roughly pulled the heavy blankets off of me and got up on the opposite side of the bed. Noticing my wand on the nightstand, I grabbed it and stormed away with a renewed source of energy. I was infuriated.“Wait — Mel, don’t — please!” Draco scrambled after me, putting a hand on my shoulder as I left the room. “Can you calm down for one second?”I shook his hand off, charging through the hallways in the direction of the ballroom. He’ll be there. He’s always there.When the ballroom came into view, Severus was just stepping out of there. At the sight of me stomping toward him, he held his hands up to stop me in my tracks. Even when I tried to step around him, he continued to block my path.“Get out of my way, Severus,” I snarled.“I will not. Whatever you’re angry about, you can talk to me — and without your wand aiming around haphazardly…” he replied, placing a gentle hand over my wand arm to push it down. With his other hand, he took my chin and turned my head slowly in both directions. “You shouldn’t be out of bed so soon. How are you feeling?”Draco chirped in, “I tried to stop her from leaving her room, but she wouldn’t listen.”“Don’t patronize me,” I bristled, pushing Severus’ hand away. “I need to talk to my dad.”“What —?”“He branded Draco with the Dark Mark without consulting me! I need to talk to him!”From behind Severus came dad’s cold tone, “With your wand at my throat?”Severus froze, giving me the chance I needed to push my way around him. “I will if necessary. Why did you brand Draco with the Dark Mark?”Severus put a hand on my shoulder, “My Lord, we should get your daughter back to bed. She doesn’t know what she’s —”“No,” dad said simply, his eyes never leaving mine. “Leave her, Severus. She knows exactly what she’s doing…. Tell me, Melody, what has made you so ill-tempered with me?”“Exactly what I just said,” I replied, pushing Severus’ hand off my shoulder. “Why did you brand Draco with the Dark Mark when he’s already got my ring on him? He’s my follower.”“Above all the other Death Eaters, Lucius was a disappointment at the Ministry. As I told you before…” he slowly walked toward me so we were face to face, “Lucius disappointed me again. To make matters worse, so did you. Lucius and many of my Death Eaters that I entrusted to you were taken to Azkaban. Thus, I had to take action as I told you I would. Draco has a debt to repay in his father’s stead, so now he belongs to me.”My anger seemingly filled me from head to toe. I didn’t even have the chance to stop it from happening — I’d been out cold, and removing the Dark Mark embedded fully into Draco’s skin was nigh impossible. I thought sure I’d earned the right, after all I’d done for him the past year, to have the chance to argue my case. Even after disappointing him in the Department of Mysteries… I still fought to help him. It’s not fair."Dad.." my voice cracked as I glared at him. "How could you take that decision away from me?"He glared back, "I don't appreciate the way you are looking at me, Melody.""Well, I don't appreciate you meddling in my business without my permission. Draco is mine. You can't just take him away from me to settle the score with his father. We have nothing to do with what goes on between you two.""On the contrary," dad growled, leaning even closer to sneer in my face. "As my daughter and my ally, all of my deals include you.""If they have to include me, then why don't I get a say in how involved I am in those deals? As an ally, I deserve a chance to give my opinion. You can’t do this to me!”"Again.. You are my daughter. Ally or not, I have decided that that takes precedence over everything else. As for the battle in the Department of Mysteries, you only proved that you are not ready to be in a position of power.""How? Did I not fight well? Did I not protect you from Dumble —" my sentence got cut off with a gasp as dad roughly pushed me against a nearby wall. His hand was cold against my chest, the temperature seeping easily through the fabric."Don't pat yourself on the back for those rookie mistakes of yours. Your battling was subpar. If you truly did well, my Death Eaters wouldn't have been caught. I entrusted the mission to you, and you barely even made it out alive yourself."On that matter alone, you stepped in the middle of a fight I had full control over and were knocked out by one measly spell.""Measly? Dumbledore —""I could handle Dumbledore's spells — even Seraphina could easily keep standing from his attacks. If you can't keep your composure in battle against someone of his caliber, then you are not yet ready to be considered my ally…… Until you can regain that standard, you are a child and nothing more. "With that, dad walked away from me. His words and action felt like a punch to the gut. How could they hurt so much? Why do I have to care about what he thought of me? Could I brush it off as nothing…?No. I don’t want to back down. How can I? Without proving how capable I am?When the words came out of my mouth they surprised, not just me but, everyone in the room. "Then I challenge you to a duel."When dad turned back around, his mischievous grin should've forewarned me of his intent... but all I could think of was to prove my self worth to him then and there.“Is that really what you want… my dearest daughter?”“Yes.”He pulled his wand from his sleeve, backing up a few steps to build a gap between us. Dad was far too excited to battle me, but a part of me decided not to focus on that. It wasn’t just a battle of strength when it came to a duel, it was also a battle of wits… both of which I was intent on winning.Severus, who stood by the wall with Draco during our interaction, stepped forward. “My Lord, I implore you —”Dad’s face contorted as though to yell at him, but I quickly beat him to it. “Severus, just back up and enjoy the show. We’re duelling, and that’s that.”With a withering look between us, Severus slowly backed up and dad’s expression smoothed out. Enjoying the scene once more, dad twirled his wand through his fingers.“I trust you know the formalities that come with a duel?” he asked teasingly, his grin wide and pearly white.I refrained from gnashing my teeth together. “Do you even have to ask?”After a simultaneous bow, we got into position… and it began.He sent a red jet of light toward me that I quickly dodged. I felt mild solace at the fact that the beam wasn’t green — I was, at least, not going to be hit with the Killing Curse so soon — but that didn’t stop dad from casting more spells at a successively fast pace.I cast a few of my own in between dodges — Flipendo! — Petrificus Totalus! — Bombarda! Every single one seemed to almost… bounce off of him… as though he were nothing more than a boulder in the path of my spells. In my moment of stupor, he ended up throwing me off my balance with a spell directed at my feet — my reaction-time was arbitrary in comparison to what I immediately strategized, and so I tripped backwards to my butt.Dad laughed outright as I quickly stood up, my cheeks burning shamefully at the mistake.“I’ve been meaning to ask you,” dad said, sending another spell flying that I ducked to avoid at the last second. "Why is it that, every time Harry Potter is involved, you flee?”"I do not!” I quickly retorted, sending a Confringo! his way that he easily deflected.“That is not what I’ve observed.”Another barrage of spells came my way… but I was far too exhausted to dodge anymore. Unable to summon the speed or stamina, I attempted to fend off as many of them as possible… until one hit me. The severing spell, by the look of it, as a deep slice was planted into my side. So deep, that I began to bleed heavily. The pain led to an intolerable dizziness that caused me to fall to my knees, my wand forgotten on the floor next to me.“Melody!” I glanced over to the wall, Draco’s outburst accompanied with a white-faced Severus holding him back from bolting to my side.Dad walked closer, staring down on me with evident discontent. "You'll need more training. If you can't stand after getting hit with a single spell — even if it is one by either me or the fool Dumbledore — then you're not strong enough."I should've discussed this with you long before, but then I'd been trying to be tolerant with you. Battles are not just about dodging, for eventually even I can't dodge every spell sent my way. Your skin is weak... even Wormtail was somehow strong enough to give you a concussion."My breaths were shaky as I tried forcing them in and out, the pain in my side unbearable and the blood trickling wetly down to the floor... the consistent tempo of the drip.. drip.. dripping echoing my defeat through my eardrums.How could this be happening to me? How could I possibly still be so

? I’m stronger than most people in my year, so how could I still be so far behind my dad?"Now... take your ring off of Draco. He's no longer yours…. You're lucky I'm only taking one, and not all of the followers you've earned. Don't push your luck. I warned you, Melody, I'm not being so easy on you anymore. Am I clear?”I didn’t want to answer. I wanted to refuse to answer. However, the sound of heels clicking against the ground diverted dad’s attention to Seraphina entering the front door and closing it behind her. She paused at the sight of me, but quickly regained her composure with a tight-lipped smile.“Am I interrupting something? Perfect. I need to speak with you in private, Voldy.”“It can wait.”“I’m afraid it can’t. Just… just come over here!” she snapped when he gave her a defying glare, walking purposely over to the ballroom. “I need to know what our next move is going to be. My assassin came back with bad news.”The look on dad’s face was displeased, but he nodded nonetheless, “I see. Severus?” He turned to Severus, who quickly stepped away from the wall to show his attention. “Heal Melody, but don’t let her leave until she’s done what I expect.”“Of course, my Lord,” Severus said, inclining his head respectfully. However, he didn’t make any immediate move to my side like I expected him to.Dad nodded, following Seraphina into the ballroom. The doors closed behind them with a heavy bang."Melody," Draco whispered, kneeling down next to me.Seraphina must only be distracting dad. God, he really did a number on me — this slice in my side hurts. Everything is starting to look blurry."Stop getting yourself hurt for my sake. I want to go with him.""You just want him to stop hurting me," I replied hollowly, tightly grasping his arm in an effort to ignore the burning sensation in my side. "I'll be fine, I'll protect you."After a tense pause, his voice suddenly became harsh. "I don't need your protection, Melody."I stared at his face, eyeing the frown lines with growing worry, but even the lines seemed to move like water in my line of vision so I couldn't be too sure what I was looking at. Sadness or anger? "Did I… do something wrong?"Draco took a deep breath, "Melody, I'm choosing to do this. To save my father's reputation with yours. And I don't need your help to do it."I don't believe this, I thought with a scoff. "You're not thinking straight, Draco. He's using you to get back at your father. To get control over me. He's setting you up for failure —""You think I can't do it? " I could just barely see his eyes glittering furiously. He shoved his hand in front of my face, the ring taunting me, "Take it off. I'll prove you all wrong."My heart felt like it was threatening to explode out of my chest as I looked brokenly between him and the ring. "D-Draco, I —""Do it," his voice cracked, eyes watering just as much as mine. "I don't need you to do my job. You've saved your father time and time again… just let me save mine."I swallowed a knot in my throat, attempting to push down the pain to no avail... the pain slowly morphed into anger, and anger into fury. With my heart torn in two and my brows furrowed in frustration…. I pulled the ring off of his finger. All I could do was glare at the piece of jewelry laughing at me in my hand while Draco's footsteps echoed away from me, and Severus knelt down next to me with his wand at the ready.“Just relax…” he said softly, “I’ll have you healed…. Vulnera Sanentur… Vulnera Sanentur… Vulnera Sanentur….”Despite the disturbing sight of the blood that had poured out onto the floor being sucked back into my body, and the wound sewing itself up into a large white scar… I couldn’t even focus on the pain that accompanied the healing. There was a hole in my chest that hurt more than anything; a hole that had first been opened when my mom died, one that had doubled in size when Becky left my side and had just tripled with Draco’s abandonment. I had fallen so low….“Is there anything else that needs healing?” Severus asked, checking my other side before returning his gaze to my face again. He paused his search at the sight of tears streaming down my face. “Melody…?”“Sev-Severus…” I choked out, my hand reaching up to cover my mouth. “C-can you heal a broken heart?”Severus faltered, his mouth open as though to respond… but not knowing how. Instead, he took hold of my arm to pull me into a tight hug, rubbing circles into my back as I sobbed my pain into his chest.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛I stood in Dumbledore’s office a few days later in front of his desk as he quietly regarded me from his chair. The other portraits watched our silent interaction with growing anticipation, as though waiting for an explosion to occur before their very eyes.I decided I had enough of the silence. Severus forced me to go talk to him, and I’d be damned if I left my room where I was wallowing alone in self-pity just to stand in front of someone that didn’t actually want my presence. ”So… I had a vision of your conversation with Harry about me. Why didn't you just explain my betrayal to him outright?""That is for you to explain to him whenever you're ready,” he replied simply."You technically told him already — what is it with you anyways? Speaking in circles and riddles —?""Because that is exactly what you are — a riddle yet to be solved."I gave a derisive snort, ”Such a funny pun — almost forgot to laugh.""And yet.. I'm not laughing…” he replied somberly. “Why did you step in the way of my spell?""Does it matter?""Yes.. it does. You nearly got yourself killed — and for what? A man that doesn't possess an ounce of that same love for you? A monster that killed your mother without hesitation just last year? A wizard that wouldn't have died no matter what I threw at him?""I didn't do it under the illusion that you'd understand my actions,” I scowled, scouring my thoughts for an acceptable excuse. “Not that it really matters, by the way, but while he may not die he could have passed out.""And?""And he'd have been at the mercy of the Ministry —"He raised his eyebrows contemptuously. ”Did you come to the ridiculous conclusion that he would have stayed in captivity?""No, but I at least prevented the deaths of those that would've been in charge of his sentence —""Don't play coy with me….” Dumbledore stood up, walking around his desk to stand face to face with me. His expression was less than good-natured. “All this year, you have done only as you pleased, and I've allowed it. Today I say no more. When you come back to Hogwarts in three months, your actions will be strictly tied to what I say you can or cannot do."I glared reproachfully at him. This can’t be happening. Dad and Dumbledore both decide to tie me down with added restraints? How am I supposed to do anything like this? ”And if I decided I don't want to return this year as a professor?” I asked defiantly.If possible, his gaze on me became more serious. ”I’d have to advise against such a childish course of action…. Severus is on a tight leash, because that is the path he chose. I suggest you choose the same — protecting Harry is more important at this time.""The path is one Severus only chose out of guilt,” I said."Are you trying to say you don't feel guilty?""I'm saying I don't base any of the things I do on guilt.""Clearly," he replied dryly. "But that is beside the point, he doesn't only do it out of guilt. Most of it is through obligation.""Yeah, of course, obligation,” I scoffed. “How could I have forgotten? But what is the point? Harry is reckless, and you let him get away with it. Yet, I'm the problem for doing things my way —""Don't push your luck. You have been fortunate so far, not only that you have not gotten yourself killed but also that you haven't gotten Harry killed…. Don't forget, between your father and I, who is scared of whom.""So be it,” I said through gritted teeth, clenching my fists at my sides. “But need I say a few last rebellious words to remind you of which one of us got him out of more danger than we placed him in?""Which part do you imagine he'd be most angry about? The one who placed him in danger only he got hurt from, or the one who placed him in danger where those closest to him were killed?""Don't even try that," I sneered. "Number one, I had nothing to do with dad placing a fake vision in his mind of him torturing Sirius —""But you knew about it.""That's not the point,” I growled in frustration. “Anyway, number two is to just look at who's talking… the man who did nothing when Severus told him dad's plan to murder Harry. The wizard that could've relocated his family before it was too late, but didn't. The liar that could've told them to always be on their guard.""How could I have known —?""So says the one who was so proactive about getting the Order rounded up when a boy told him of Voldemort's return…… I'll follow orders if I must, but know this: your hypocrisy makes me sick.""As does yours," he said mildly. "You claim to be on Harry's side, but you have only proven that you are focused on your own self interests.""Self interests?" I exclaimed. "That's rich, coming from you! How the hell does me flinging myself in harm's way to save someone come out as my own self interests? Wouldn't that have been if I stayed away from the fight?”“Not when the subject won’t die anyway,” he replied blandly."Oh, and by the way, I resent you telling Harry that I’m just a pawn to my father!” I shouted, attempting to ignore the comment. “He does care about me! He should be happy that I'm weaker than him, but yet your spell knocking me out pissed him off instead. Explain that!""Be more rational, Melody,” Dumbledore replied calmly. “He can't afford to have an ally that can go down so easily. That, mixed in with his confused feelings over you, is only natural for him to act accordingly."“I —” I hesitated. How do I respond to that?.. Could he be right?.. But that’s not fair… after everything I’ve dealt with. I ran my fingers through my shoulder-length hair with a sigh, “Forget it. I’ll just… I’ll do what you want. Call me when you need me, I guess.” I felt like throwing up as the words left my mouth, turning quickly to walk out of his office. I want Severus to take me back home.“Melody, listen carefully to me,” Dumbledore said. “Strong paternal feelings he may have for you… but love is out of the question."His words caused me to pause a moment in painful fury before forcing myself to continue striding out of his office.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛"We have a while to go, don't we?” Seraphina asked softly from the doorway to my room.I pulled the covers from over my head to see that it was her before sighing. She meant my original plan for us to fight together against my dad… it had definitely been proven that it would take a while before I was ready for that. “Yeah… but I'll figure it out, I swear it…. Why don’t you come in?”She did so, closing the door behind her to walk over and sit on the edge of my bed. “Did Snape heal your wound up completely?”“He wanted to, but….” I lifted up the hem of my shirt, showing off the long white scar stretching from behind my hip to near my stomach. “I.. rather think this will be a good reminder to myself not to act before I know I’m ready.”Seraphina’s nod was partially in awe, “That’s.. a very astute way of looking at it.”“I thought so…” I replied absent-mindedly, dropping my shirt back down.“Are you okay?”I fought back the urge to release another onset of tears… Damnit, I’ve cried enough. It’s time for action. With a deep breath in, I slowly released it along with all my pent up stress. “No, not really… but I’m sure I will be.”“That’s good thinking,” she said positively, rubbing a hand against my leg. “Things seem tough now, but you’ll get past them. You still have myself and Severus to help with that, I promise.”“I’m glad you feel that way, because I have a favor to ask of you….” I replied, sitting up a little straighter to look her in the eye. “I’ve decided I want to help research ways for you to be immortal without having to split your soul apart. In return… can you help me find something for me to be impervious to spells?…”“I refuse to be weak anymore, so I want to be able to battle without having to dodge so much. I’m still willing to learn Dark Magic, that can’t change even with my situation being what it is, but… I can’t afford to lose anymore.”Seraphina offered a sorrowful smile before nodding agreeably. “That sounds like a good deal to me…” she held her hand out to me, reminiscent of when she first agreed to ally herself with me, “… partner.”My damaged heart seemed to soar again as I smiled back, reaching forward to clasp my hand with hers in an earnest handshake between partners.⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛   ⚯͛

For a year that began in tragedy, I had hoped for a better outcome. Instead, I lost so much more than just my mother, and it seemed like it all happened with a mere snap of fate's fingers.

My best friend? Absconded.

My boyfriend? Snatched.

My chances of being treated like an ally, and not a little girl? Dashed.

My choice, if I so desired, to leave Hogwarts behind? Removed.

My chance of regaining Dumbledore's trust? Vanished.

Keeping Seraphina at Hogwarts with me? Denied.

My freedom? Disappeared…. Practically non-existent, actually.

Little was I to know what the following year would bring….

