                  Time Will Tell

A pure white tiger sat hunched upon itself in the shadow of a tree while it listened and watched as two larger orange and black tigers’ fought. Snarls and roars ripped through the silence of the jungle. Uncommonly green eyes shined with unshed tears, and then suddenly the white tiger turned in a flash and was gone, running through the jungle as if Hell itself was snapping at its paws.Running through the underbrush at speeds most tigers would not conceive of attempting, even on a bad day. However, this white tiger had grown sick at heart of those within her own Clan and tribe for fighting over her as if she were nothing more than a piece of meat to be tossed to the younger but bigger cubs.~Fine. They don’t want me, that’s okay. I don’t want them, I’ll find others who will want me~ The tiger thought to herself, her paws slapping the ground with such force you could see the indentations of fur from between her toes in the prints left in her wake.Time passed while she ran, then abruptly she came to a complete stop. The edge of the forest gave way to another type of forest, the Urban Jungle. The sun had set behind the trees as she slowly crawled along the ground trying to make herself smaller and unnoticeable. She crept her way toward a light blue house that was in a large subdivision on the outskirts of the forest.Full dark had fallen by the time the tiger made it to the light blue house. A large dog door had been cut into the wall next to the back door, hidden from view.  She quietly and quickly went through the doggie door, and once she was within the house she shifted into human form.Fire red hair cascaded down her sleek and muscled body, hiding her breasts from view as she tried to still her breathing so that she could hear if there was anyone else within the house. It wouldn’t look too good if she was found by one of her roommates prancing through the two story home naked as the day she was born. With a silent puff of air, she blew the hair out of her face as emerald green eyes looked around the kitchen. With a nod to herself, she ran as fast as her human body would allow her to, slipping up the stairs and into her room and closing the door with barely a whisper.

As the sun rose the next morning above the horizon a forest green SUV packed to the brim with boxes and things, drove away from the light blue house that sat within a quiet subdivision. The driver tapped her fingers on the steering wheel along to the music.“You can do this Lexie,” she said to herself. “I mean…sure you didn’t tell anyone and this might not work out, but…Scarlet would never turn you away.” With a wide grin across her face, she turned the music up and bounced in her seat as the SUV sped down the road, away from all that she knew and toward someone, she had never actually met. Not really anyway, but she was certain without a doubt that Scar would welcome her with open arms. ~we’ll just have to wait and see if I can trust Scar with such important information~

Forty-seven hours later, Lexie sat within her SUV across the street from a large two story, plantation/ranch style house that was surrounded by pine trees’. ~how is it that everywhere I go there is some kind of forest or something~ She thought, then looked over at the passenger seat. A small pink post-it-note sat thumbtacked to a moving box with a name and address on it.She may not have ever spoken to Scarlet face to face, but she had been sending messages and boxes back and forth for years now. ~now let’s hope that Scarlet really meant it when she said ‘if you’re ever in town, stop on by’~Letting out a breath slowly she looked back and forth down the street, making sure no cars were coming, then drove her SUV into the driveway and up to the large house. Parking the car next to a very beautiful and expensive dark purple Ashton Martin, digging into her never-ending supply of faith and hope, she bounced out of the car and almost skipped her way to the front door. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*In the woods behind the house, about three miles away two wolves: a pure white wolf with a splash of red along the muzzle and left ear kept one pace faster than a slightly smaller tri-colored wolf. A large mountain lion ran two paces behind and to the left of the wolves, as the three raced back toward home.The sounds of the X-Files theme song floated silently to the human ear over the wind. The white wolf’s ears twitched at the sound and began eating up the ground, clawed paws digging into the ground putting more and more speed into the movements, within moments it had shot forward, passing its companions like a racehorse. It needed to be at the house, before the song started again, otherwise the person standing at the door ringing the doorbell would be waiting a while.By the time the timber wolf and mountain lion made it to the house, Scarlet was already dressed in hip hugging blue jeans, a ‘Fuck off, I rock’ t-shirt and black combat boots. She was running her fingers through her dark brown hair untangling it as she nodded her head at her companions to disappear. She opened the front door just as the X-Files theme began to play a second time.Scarlet stood there, hip cocked out, right hand on it, with her left hand on the door handle. She looked at the tall beautiful fire haired woman on her doorstep. “Yes?” She asked tilting her head, brown hair flowing over her shoulders showing off bright red streaks, as her right eyebrow rose in question. However, before the woman on the porch could say a word, Scarlet shook her own head, like she was shaking a memory out and frowned at the woman. “I know you…? Don’t I? Cause you look very familiar to me?” She questioned a light Russian accent flowing with her words.Lexie bounced on the balls of her feet, her face breaking into a huge grin, eyes wide in shock and happiness. “Oh, wow!” She squealed, just barely restraining herself from jumping up and down while clapping, “I wasn’t sure if you would, you know… know me? I was hoping, but hey you do!”Scarlet’s ice blue eyes followed the woman, who she was pretty sure was Lexie as she gave into her need to bounce in place and before Scar could stop her, Lexie launched herself at the brunette and wrapped her in a tight bear hug that lifted Scarlet off her feet.“Holy Shit!” Scarlet exclaimed trying to pry herself away from the bands of iron wrapped around her. “Bitch, let go…” Scarlet gasped out as she could swear her ribs were going to break.“Oh! Oh my god!” Lexie let her go suddenly.Scarlet stumbled back from the sudden drop to the ground. “Damn, it’s been a while since I’ve had that happen to me.” She rasped as air rushed back into her lungs.“I’m so sorry!” Lexie apologized as a red blush crept up her neck and over her face. “I just got so excited I couldn’t contain it anymore.” She rushed to explain, “And yeah, I’m totally Lexis Coventry…” Lexie paused in her ramble and peered at Scarlet through her hair. “It’s still okay if I just like stop by, right?”Scarlet looked over Lexie’ shoulder and saw the SUV parked next to Jessica’s little car. She didn’t miss the fact that the SUV was packed full. Since Scar had been talking with Lexie for several years now she had somehow kinda known that this would one day happen. ~or that I would be the one dragging her here~ she thought to herself.She smiled at Lexie, stepped back, and opened the door wider. “I don’t live alone, but I’m pretty sure we could find you some help to unload and move into an empty room somewhere.”Lexie stood in awe for what felt like years, her green eyes shining with unshed tears, with a small grin on her face she stepped into her new home.

Scarlet closed the door behind Lexie, and watched her as she took in her surroundings.  The first floor of the house was mostly open and full of natural light from the many windows.  From the entryway you could see the living room, which was on the left side, with several couches and chairs placed around a large 57-inch plasma screen TV/ entertainment center that was the main focal point of the room, and to the right of the entry way was a dining room with a large oak table and chairs. From the dining room, you could see a state of the art kitchen that most chefs would kill for.The stairs that lead to the second floor was a sectional and built along the back wall of the first floor. Not that far from the stairs was a set of double glass doors that lead to the back yard and the forest beyond. There was a closed door that looked to have been built underneath the stairs, and another closed door not that far from that. Either one of them Lexie assumed could be a basement or bathroom.“Well this is the first floor. The rules are pretty simple, you mess it up, you clean it up. I do pay for a cleaning service to come in once a week on Tuesdays, and let me tell you he is not a man you wanna piss off.” Scarlet said and motioned for Lexie to follow her up the stairs to the second floor. “There are actually three floors, not including the full basement. I know it really doesn’t look it from the outside, but I paid good money to make it look like that.”  Unlike the first floor, the second was all doors except for an honest to god spiral staircase at the other end of the hallway that led to the third floor. The first door on the right was open. It looked like a boys bedroom from all the game systems and gamer posters and whatnot all over the room.Scarlet laughed at Lexie’ shocked look. “That would be my son Tien’s room. He tends to forget to close the door if his room is messy. Another rule, if your room is messy the door stays closed. Always. Bathroom doors stay open unless in use.” She replied and walked down the long hallway, two more doors on the right were open. The middle door was a bathroom and the door next to it was a bare bedroom with a full sized bed along a wall.Two other rooms were on the left side of the hall, one was a nice bedroom but non-descript and next to that was an office. Lexie looked at Scarlet, her head tilted in question.“My room is the whole of the third floor. Never just go right up, I don’t have a door to close, but I do have this pretty awesome box here.” Scarlet pointed to a small black box standing out against the white paint. “An intercom, every room in the house has one. Well except for the bathrooms anyway. But yeah, you buzz me while I am in there and if I don’t answer, do not for any reason ever just go up.” Scarlet looked Lexie in the eye, and held back a grin as she saw the young girl try to suppress a shiver at the look. “I do value my privacy and do have an open door policy and all that, but to be honest…most people don’t really need to see me and my lovers doing all kinds of dirty, nasty fun stuff.” She said with a laugh, then walked back to the bare bedroom and stepped into it.Lexie followed behind her and saw that the bedroom was much larger then she first thought. The walls were painted two different colors, from the floor to waist height the wall was painted a pale lavender color, above that was a bright white. Standing in the doorway of the room, to the right of the door was a floor to ceiling frosted glass sliding door that was the closet, on the left of the door along the wall looked at first to be dresser but was in fact a built in chest of drawers.The main feature in the room was a French style door that lead out to a small but quaint little balcony. “Wow.” Was all Lexis could say as she looked around the room. “This room is freaking awesome!” she exclaimed.“Good, I’m glad you like it because it’s now your room.” Scarlet replied.Lexie looked at Scarlet with wide eyes. You could see the shock and hope shinning in them. “Really?” she asked almost hesitantly,  she had spent the whole drive here hoping against hope that Scarlet would help her out and all that, but there was still that little bit inside her that still heard her ex’s words of scorn and hate.Scarlet gave her a flat look. “Seriously? You think I’m going to turn you away? Swear to the Gods, you are like my son.” She sighed, “We have been texting and sometimes talking on the phone for the past five years. I have been growing more and more angry with how your family treats you, I was getting to the point that if you called me one more fucking time crying I was going to fly out to you and drag you back with me. And knowing me, Jess would have to bail my ass outta jail since I’d prolly have assaulted someone.” She all but snapped out, holding in the growl that was threatening to rumble in her chest.Lexie pulled herself together and smiled widely, “That is so freaking awesome of you!” she exclaimed, turning her head back toward the room as she began to imagine where she would put things and how to decorate the room to make it her room. She never even heard a softly smiling Scarlet walk away.“So is this gonna work for you?” a young male voice asked.Lexie cried out, flung around, and turned to utter stone as she stared at one of the hottest men she had ever laid eyes on. “Yea…um…” she stuttered, she just couldn’t take her eyes off him. He was shorter then her, but not by much. He had beautiful dark almost black hair that was doing a sexy bed head thing, and the most amazing hazel eyes with flecks of gold sparkling in them as he watched her. She shook herself out of her own head when she realized she had been staring. When he smiled, like he was now, he had the cutest dimples. He looked at her like he knew exactly what she was thinking.“I’m Tien, mom said you’d be moving in,” he said in a warm Texan accent and grinned even more as she just stared at him. He slid his hands into the back pockets of his stonewashed blue jeans that rode his hips low and made his ass look good, even if he was wearing a t-shirt that said ‘Geeks shall inherit the Earth’. “So will the room work or do I need to move the bed around, ‘cause I’d really like to figure that out before I even begin helping you bring your shit in?”Visibly shaking her head, Lexis smiled and said, “No, the room will work fine the way it is, and I can carry my own stuff in. You don’t have to.”He shook his head, “Naw, mom would ride my ass if I didn’t at least help a little.” He replied then turned around and went back the way he’d come. “Your SUV’s unlocked right?” he asked over his shoulder as he was already making his way down the stairs and out of sight.“Holy crap.” She whispered to herself. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*“So…?” Jessica prompted, as Scarlet went to the coffee maker and poured herself a cup of coffee. Jess watched her closely. “Should I be worried about this?” she questioned.Scarlet took a sip of her coffee as she looked at Jessica over the rim of the cup. Jessica sat prim as you please in her tight little black dress, a leg crossed over the other, not a single hair or piece of lint would dare mess her appearance up, and she raised a perfectly formed eyebrow at Scarlet.  Beautiful silky blond hair as if made of spun gold lay in layers around her shoulders, golden honey eyes watched Scarlet just as carefully as she was being watched.“No, you really shouldn’t be. Though, I know you will anyway, because that’s who you are. Besides I already sent Tien up to help her move in.”Jessica frowned a little. “What about your boys?”Scarlet snorted, “My boys wouldn’t dare stray.” She replied and sat down next to her at the bar.“How can you be so trusting, Scar? Seriously, I did see that girl.” Jessica spoke, disbelief clear in her tone.Scarlet shook her head and sighed. “Jess, I do love you, but some days I just wanna punch you in the face.” At the words, Jessica tensed up and tilted her head just a little away from Scarlet in a very subtle gesture of submission.“Don’t.” Scarlet warned, before Jess could even get the words out. “I, like you, do not forgive easy, I will hold a grudge till the end of time, but I also know a bit more about that girl then you do. So do me the favor of keeping your viciousness to yourself for the time being and take yourself off to your home.” Scarlet barley stopped herself from using Alphas voice.Still tense Jessica stood from the stool with a fluid grace that women and men the world round would die for. With a barely there nod of her head, she walked gracefully from the kitchen and out the door that Tien left open. She didn’t even bother to look at either Tien or Lexie as they unloaded the SUV, her aloofness in full affect as she climbed into her Aston Martin, turned the car on, reversed and sped from the house. Lexie watched the car kick up gravel as it sped away. Holding a box in her arms she looked over at Tien, “Who was that?” she asked as they walked back into the house arms loaded down with boxes and bags.Tien smirked, “Just her Royal Highness Jessica. Don’t worry too much about her, she and my mom have been friends for ages but Jessica can be one hell of a bitch when she doesn’t like something or other.” He replied as they climbed the stairs.“Oh, I really hope it doesn’t have anything to do with me? Cause you know, that would really suck, ‘cause Scarlet said I could stay.” Lexie said as if to remind him and placed the box she was carrying on top of the built in dresser an watched the muscles in Tien’s arms and back flex and move. She was pretty sure she was not being to overt in her staring, but one never knew.After Tien placed the last box from the SUV down on the floor he smiled widely at Lexie. “That’s it, so I’m gonna leave you to unpack and all that, just leave the empty boxes outside your door and I’ll take them out later.” He said as he weaved through the mess, walked out the door, and disappeared into his room. “Oh Lex?” he called.Lexis fought a blush at the nickname, as she looked out her room and down the hallway at Tien, “Yeah?”“I’m 16, by the way.” He told her then he was gone and his door closed.Lexie would have closed her door as well had there not been boxes in front of it. Closing her eyes, she leaned up against the door and tried to calm herself down. ~I was not just seriously thinking about what I was thinking, was I? Crap! Lex he’s a baby. Holy Gaia I so am going to the Weaver for this~After what felt like hours, Lexie had turned the room into her room. It was the complete and total opposite of what her room was like at the old house. Everything was bright, airy and open. When Scarlet had said make the room yours, she meant it, telling her to do as she liked however she wanted, it would be done. So all within a day, the room had become hers. The carpet had been ripped up and a new one laid down, and was now a pewter color and was super soft under her bare feet. The bed was a California Queen and she was given a credit card and told to buy what she needed for it, so she got the highest thread count Egyptian cotton sheets in royal purple she could find.The comforter was thick and down filled with colorful squares all over it. It looked like a rainbow threw up all over it, it made her smile happily every time she saw it. There were four pillows across the head of the bed that hugged the wall horizontally in the farthest corner of the room from the door. Directly at the end of the bed was an old chest that stored extra blankets and sheets, Tien had helped her find it in the attic. With a little elbow grease and leather polish, the trunk was as good as new. When Tien had carried it past Scarlet on the stairs, a smiling Lexie carrying an ancient antique lamp, they both missed the saddened look cross her face at seeing the trunk.A few feet from the end of the bed was a desk that sat under a window that since moving in hours ago, she had kept open, on the desk sat her lime green laptop and various things that she brought with her from her old home. The desk was only a substitute until the one Tien was painting for her in the backyard, a robin’s egg blue, was finished.In her new closet, she hung all her sweatshirts, dresses, and dressy clothes. Tapped to the glass doors were colorful images cut from fashion magazines that showed crazy styles and eclectic fashions.Directly to the right of the door was a shelf that spanned half the wall from the floor to ceiling. Most of it was empty but she was slowly filling it up with her own books and ones Scarlet said she could keep in her room till she was finished with them. On one trip from the attic above the garage, Lexie had spied the library and had almost dropped her end of a bedside table on Tien’s foot. Tien had hurriedly placed the table down and shrugged at his mom as Lexie walked past her in the hallway and into the room. Scarlet had followed her in and told her the rules of the library and Lexie nearly fainted from pleasure at being able to read the books inside the large room.Lexie’s favorite part of her room was the walk out balcony. Tien had helped her drag out a deck set from the garage, wicker chairs and a bench with huge fluffy cushions. The cushions were mismatched ones and ones that had seen better days, but Lexie loved them all the more for their character. The benches and chairs were all placed around the balcony, placed in a small intimate clusters or sitting by themselves. She planned to spend plenty of time out there reading, weather permitting.Just inside the great glass doors stood a huge midnight blue chair with a matching foot stool. Lexie already knew she was going to love to sink down into it and read. The antique pedestal lamp, she’d carried up earlier in the day, sat next to it to make reading easier.The walls were now covered in cutouts from magazines, newspapers and whatever she could get her hands on. Animals, landscapes anything bright, sparkly and shiny was tapped to the walls around the room. And just before she thought she was done decorating the room to fit her, Tien surprised her with rainbow colored Christmas lights and helped her hang them around the room. It was the room she had always wished she could have and now she actually had it.“I think I’m going to like it here.” She said to herself when she was finally finished and fell backwards onto her bed with a huge grin on her face. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*A large gray wolf lay relaxed and prone as the Ashton Martin sped down the drive and onto the main road. He opened his mouth and gave a huge yawn, *seems her highness is in a tiff*.  With a shake of his head, he laid his head down on his paws and was just about to close his yellow eyes, when a brown and black wolf flopped down on top of him.The large gray huffed a breath *brat* but did not move and allowed the brown and black wolf to become more comfortable on and around the gray. To an outside viewer they would think that they were looking upon a mated pair.  To some extent they would be right, up until both wolves stood up and then you would see that both were male. It would never cross a humans mind to think that it was possible for two male wolves to be mated, it just would not compute to them.Humans, for all of their superior belief that they were an open-minded species, they were in fact very closed-minded and would kill with very little provocation, no matter the supposed threat. One of the main reasons the Shifter-kind had chosen to remain hidden and only ever revealed what they were to the human lovers that they would bind themselves with in a mated bond. Otherwise the penalty for telling a human could mean death, depending on the Tribe elders as well as Pack Alphas. It was a delicate balance the shifters held and maintained. They could not afford for the humans to find out about their existence, for the shifters knew it would lead to a war. A war that neither side would come out triumphant.As the sun began to set, the gray wolf licked the muzzle of his mate and then stood up. The brown and black wolf huffed *must we*  as he rolled to his paws and shook himself, with a yip he took off towards home hoping to beat the gray but knowing that he wouldn’t.The gray had what could be passed as a fawned look upon his face as the younger wolf sped off. He shook the dirt out of his fur in a cloud and instead of following his mate; he took off in a different direction.  A wolfish grin appeared as the gray ran, just knowing what his mate would do when he saw him sitting there waiting for him long before his younger half got there.

There was a special place not far from the house. When Scarlet had chosen this place to build her house, she made sure that there would always be a place for them to shift and change into human clothes. It was law that they make sure humans did not know of them. Though Nathaniel had his suspicions on why Scarlet had chosen this very place, she never actually verbally confirmed it, but Nathaniel had been mated to her for more years than anyone human or Shifter would believe.“Magic does have its uses.” He spoke softly to himself after he shifted and walked naked toward a shed that seemed to fade into the trees and underbrush around it. Nathaniel was tall, reaching 6’4” he stood over most members of the Pack. His limbs were long and muscular, the size of adolescent trees, a fine dusting of blond hair covered his arms and was a little thicker on his chest. Just the right amount for gripping, as Scar so often did. Faint silvery scars, which showed paler than the rest of his skin littered every part of his body. Showing humans that he was either very clumsy or very dangerous. With each step he took towards the shack, muscles bunched, tensed, and shifted. His buttocks were high and firm and dusted with fine blond hair. His manhood was generous and thick, even flaccid his length was something to see. His features were all masculine and rugged. A goatee trimmed nicely, with beard growth covered his strong jaw, reaching up a hand he scratched at the new hairs and made a mental note to shave. He would forget too and Scar would complain about stubble burn, the thought made him smile.With a large calloused hand, he grasped the handle of the shack and opened the door stepping inside. A smile split his handsome face when he saw a small golden pendent lying upon his folded clothing. Picking up the pendent and placed it around his neck, making sure his shoulder length dirty blond hair was out of the way, as it settled into place and he felt it warm against his chest and then got dressed. He knew Tevin would be here soon and he wanted to be fully dressed before then. He took a small tie out of the pocket and pulled his hair back in a ponytail at the base of his head.Tevin pushed open the door and stopped a look of shock on his delicate Arabic features. His gray-blue eyes narrowed, “How the hell is it that you always seem to beat me here, old man?”A blond eyebrow raised as a smirk appeared on his face, as he turned around and slowly stalked toward his lover. “Old am I?” he asked, looking Tevin up and down eyes lingering on the half-hard cock lying against a very firm muscled thigh. He had to pull his eyes away and continue upwards to his face and praised every god that Tevin took after his Arabic mother and not his white father in looks. Stepping up to him, their chests almost touching, their breathing picked up as they breathed in their combined scents and their arousal. Nathaniel rubbed his cheek against his lovers and whispered, “I’ll show you old later tonight.” And with that he stepped back and held out his hand, dangling from his fingers was the same pendant as around his neck only this was made into a bracelet.Tevin smiled a seductive smile, “I’m looking forward to it.” He replied, his voice husky as he took the bracelet from Nathaniel’s fingers and locked it around his right wrist as he stepped around his lover to his own pile of clothing to dress. Looking down at himself and groaned. “Fucker,” he said with no heat, when he saw that he was no longer half-hard but rock hard and demanding attention. His lover snorted behind him.“Don’t you dare take care of that.” Nathaniel told him as he opened the shed door and stepped out into the fading light. “I want to know that you are still hard and smelling so beautifully of want and need.” He said and began walking away, the words “Scarlet will love it.” Floated to him through the closed shed door, with a groan Tevin grabbed his blue jeans and attempted to make his erection go down so he could pull his jeans on. “Fuck!” he snapped and ran a hand through his smoky brown hair. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Coventry Inc was one of the foremost leading companies in the world that imported and exported anything and everything. At one point in its life it had been a small business that sold black market products. Coventry made a fortune with the selling of many products, from drugs, human trafficking and regular household items and that was just for the humans.Shifters had slightly different needs and wants. Khaja Coventry the owner of Coventry Inc was a Shifter who also held a chair within the Council that kept the Shifters in line and made sure that they did not do something that would cause the humans to grow suspicious. While Khaja Coventry played the Council like a finely tuned instrument, he made deals with mages, demons and many other beings that the Council considered forbidden.Coventry was all about power and he would acquire it by any means necessary. He knew the laws of the Council and he fully believed that what they did not know would not hurt them. One day he believed that he would be more powerful than the Elders and when they did not see it coming, he would be there to remove them. Permanently.Khaja stepped out of the elevator of his building. He lived on the top three floors of Coventry Inc. The rest of the building was all his businesses or those of other companies that he rented out space to, and since he charged a truly inflated amount of money those businesses could afford to pay if they wanted prime space within his building.He rolled his head along his shoulders, as two of his guards appeared at his side. A man of medium height and build, with shoulder length brown hair and light brown eyes, dressed in a dark blue suit stood on Khaja’s right. The man on the left was tall and deceptively built, his red hair was cut short and his pale blue eyes made one think of a blank wall. He was dressed in the same suit as his partner, down to the same shoes. Rocks and Richard were Coventry’s most deadly of his body guards. Even the Council knew Khaja meant business when he sent one of them.“Sir,” Richard said a hint of a Swedish accent as he handed Khaja a file as they walked towards the main conference room.“Thank you, Richard.” Khaja replied mildly as he took the folder, “I trust there were no complications?”Rocks snorted and answered for Richard. “Always complications, Boss.” His voice sounded like hard gravel being ground to dust.Richard reached the door and held it open, once Khaja and Rocks were through the door and in the room, he closed the door as he stepped inside and took his place beside the door.Khaja ignored everyone in the room as he walked calmly to his seat at the head of the table. He sat there for several minutes, letting them stew in their worry before he spoke.“What do you mean, you lost her?” He said his voice held barely concealed rage as his hard gaze swept over the occupants of the room from his place at the head of a long table, within a large conference room. Several men and a few women shuffled in their places as the words that were spoken sank into each and every one of them. “I don’t remember hiring incompetents to watch her. Your jobs were quite simple.” Khaja said to the room.“It seems, Sir that she managed to sneak past the three men we had placed around her, including the one that was within her very house.” A small but harsh Asian looking woman spoke her accent light and barely noticeable.The man stood from the table and glared at the woman. “You will find my daughter or I will make you wish you were never born, Tasha.” He said and then strode from the room, his bodyguards following like shadows.  Once the doors closed behind him, the room erupted into chaos.The woman known as Tasha went white at his words; she closed her black eyes and took a deep breath. Letting it out as she opened her eyes and pinned a tall man across from her in his seat. “It was your job to always know where she was at all times, was it not?” she asked him.He shifted in his seat, “Yes, Madam Elder, it is my job.” He replied.“Then do explain to the rest of us, how you managed to lose her, when you were living in the very same house?” She snapped.He straightened in the chair and looked her in the eye. “I had taken her out to dinner and a movie, under the pretence of a date, when she had seen one of her guards. She did not know that was what he was; she just assumed that he was some creep.”He sighed, “I left her in the restaurant, telling her I needed the restroom and went and confronted Fabien.  The confrontation escalated and we shifted.  I did not know at the time that she had followed or that she even knew that I was also a Shifter. All I do know is that when I returned to the restaurant I was informed that she had left not long after I had.” Reaching forward for the glass of water that had been placed in front of him, he took a sip and continued. “I spent the better part of the night looking for her around the city, and when I did not find her I returned to the house. Upon entering the house, I then realized she was within. When I knocked on her bedroom door, she snapped at me to leave her alone. So I left her alone in her room, it never crossed my mind Madam that she was packing her belongings.”Madam Tasha leaned forward in her seat and glared at him. “Did you not see that her SUV was filled with boxes and her belongings? I am finding it very hard to believe that you would park your truck next to her car and never notice that there were boxes within it?”The man flushed, “I must apologize, for my incompetence Madam, the garage to the house only fits one vehicle, Lexis had school early in the mornings and was always gone before I woke and would be home before I returned from my duties here. I always parked my truck on the street.”Madam Tasha closed her eyes as she gave a heaving sigh of weariness.  She could feel the beginning of a headache start. “Well? What the hell are you all still here for, go find her!” Her voice snarled with suppressed rage, her eyes flashing a hint of yellow to the animal rage under the human face.The man stood swiftly, bowed to her and fled the room. Madam Tasha looked at the other men and woman around the table. “Is there some way we can track her phone? What about the fucking car!” she snapped.A small man with glasses sat in the far back of the room, not even near the table. “I tracked the GPS of her iPhone, but she managed to leave the damn thing behind.” He said as he typed on a small MacBook. “It would also seem that the low jack I had installed two years ago has been removed. I would like to tell you when that happened, but I am afraid that I cannot.”The woman sighed. “How could she have even known about that? Last time I checked our dear wayward daughter was going to collage for art, not electronics or even mechanics?”“Someone must have told her, Madam. Though I am not sure who, but I am going through her phone records as well as online chat as we speak.”Madam Tasha smiled slightly, and then stood up pulling her suit jacket straight. “You know what to do, get gone.” She said as she walked from the conference room of the Coventry Inc building.The rest of the people in the conference room began working quickly; none wanted to be caught by an Elder or Coventry for not doing as they had been so ordered. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Fabien leaned against the wall of the building smoking as he waited for the outcome of their fuck up. His stormy black eyes hidden behind Ray Ban sunglasses, his inky black hair spiked to match his black Armani suit. He was exhaling smoke from his nose, when Stevens came striding out of the building and towards him.Before he flicked the cigarette away, he observed Stevens. His blue Armani suit jacket was undone, his blond hair combed to perfection as Ice-blue eyes flashed fire. Fabien flicked his cigarette away as Stevens grabbed his jacket and pulled him along toward the parking garage. He didn’t even try to pull himself from the grip, even human Stevens was far stronger. Stevens practically threw him towards a silver Escalade, “Get in,” he snarled at Fabien.Stevens climbed into the driver’s side and started the vehicle, not even waiting for Fabien to buckle himself in before he was peeling out of the garage. “We fucked up bad. Not only is Mr. Coventry pissed off, Madam Tasha is as well. Fuck if I know why, I mean I get that she is his fucking daughter and a Shifter to boot, but fuck!” snarling as he jerked the wheel sending the car in a tailspin around a corner. “But seriously? When they pulled me to become her roommate, I thought it was a little much for one fucking girl. Come on, I have lived with this bitch for two fucking years, there is nothing special about her at all!” He snapped.Fabien raised his eyebrows at his partner in surprise as he held onto the ‘oh shit bar’. “Dude, you are gonna kill us if you don’t slow the fuck down.”Stevens looked over at him, blue eyes flashing, as the car jumped a curb. “Yeah? What do you think will happen to us if we don’t find, Lexis?” he replied calmly, despite his erratic driving. “I unlike those assholes up in that office, know one thing they don’t, it just means getting to the fucking house before the sweeper teams.”“What could possibly be that fucking important that you might get us killed?” Fabien snapped as his body slammed into the door.“She had two fucking phones! The phone her father gave her and one she got from someone else. She rarely used the iPhone her father gave her, but the other one she used all the damn time. I have no clue who she was texting or even talking to, but I do know those fuckers in the IT department don’t know about it.”“You sure?” Fabien asked his black eyes wide behind his sunglasses. “Because if you’re wrong…”“Yes, dear I do know what happens if I am wrong.” Stevens said as he slammed on the breaks, coming to a dead stop in the driveway of the house. Throwing the door open he jumped out and ran into the house, Fabien close behind him as he threw open the front door. “I may have been living with Coventry for two years, but the guard that I replaced said something in passing to me.” He breathed running up the stairs, “I thought it was odd that he didn’t inform our employer, but he said she had more right than anyone to her privacy.” Pushing the door to her old bedroom open he entered the room. It was still full of belongings and the like, but only someone who knew her would know what was truly missing from the room.The bed lay along the wall, purple and pink bedding still on it. Shelves were placed at odd intervals around the room, always above tables or dressers. Awards and trophies from a multitude of things adorned the room. Fabien looked around him, and raised his eyebrow at Stevens, “And you know what is missing?” he asked as he picked up a trophy for a beauty pageant.“Yea, I do. It is all in the things that are missing from the shelves that do not have trophies and awards on them. Coventry had a very strange personality and fell in and out of love with everything. Rarely did she ever give something a place of honor in her room. The awards and trophies mean nothing to her. Those are just for show.” Stevens said as he knelt down by the bed and moved the bedside table away from the bed.Fabien whistled as he saw a safe in the floor where the table was. “Smart girl.”Stevens laughed, “I have no clue who told her to do this, but her old guard told me about this and the combo.” He replied as he span the dial and unlocked the safe. “Shit.” He swore as he saw that it was empty. “I was hoping she would have left something behind.”“You still haven’t told me about the other phone, man?”Stevens sat down on his ass, his back against the bed, his face in his hands. “The phone her father gave her was a pink iPhone; she hated pink and only ever used it when she was around the Tribe or Clan members. But the other phone; that was always with her at all times, and that she made damn sure her father never knew about, was silver.” He mumbled through his fingers.“At this point, I don’t think it matters. Either way, her father is going to kill us for our failure.” Fabien replied looking down at his partner.“Some place open, with few people.” Steven mumbled.“Dude, what?” Fabien shook his head in confusion.“I never saw the area code, when whoever called her all the time, but I remember her sending a box one time, and she sent it regular mail and I remember her saying it took like a week or something to get to whomever.”Fabien knelt down in front of Stevens, “You sure? How big was the box and how long ago was it?” he said as he pulled out his phone, and looked at him expectantly.Stevens stared his partner in the eye as he thought back. “Two weeks, the box was bigger than postal shipping allowed, she had to pay extra.”Fabien smiled, as he dialed a number.”I told you about that hot piece of ass I was fucking a while back.” Stevens nodded, “guess where he works?”“The Post Office? Seriously?” Stevens replied dryly.“Swear on Gaia, man, this human has such a tight ass and is hot as hell. He works nights and processes all the boxes that are too large to be shipped normally.” He said with a smile, just as the phone on the other end picked up, a male voice spoke ‘Post Office 116…’ “Hey baby?” Fabien spoke, voice dropping to a velvet purr. ‘Hey…I wasn’t really expecting you to ever call me back.’ The male voice said. “I know, and I’m sorry for that baby. I love what you and I did and I really want to repeat it, but before we can do that I need you to do me a huge favor.”There was silence on the other end of the phone then, ‘Will this favor get me fired?’ “Oh, baby I hope not and even if it does, I’ll take care of you.” A snort came over the phone, ‘What do you need?’ Fabien smiled a shit-eating grin. “Two weeks ago a box left your post office, I’m told it was too big for regular mail. I need to know where it went.”‘Not just fired, but arrested.’ The man said, but the sound of keys being hit was soothing. ‘What’s the name of the sender?’Stevens leered at Fabien as he could see that just talking to the human on the phone was turning his partner on.  “Alexis Coventry,” Fabien said. Stevens shook his head no. “No wait, hold on,”“Jen Ackles,” Steven said quietly.Fabien looked at his partner funny, “Jen Ackles.”‘Gimmie a second,’ There was moving around and then, ‘Alright I got it. It shipped to a Scarlet Speight 5215 Five Lake Rd, Metigoshe, Manitoba, Canada. Do you need the shipping code?’ Fabien repeated it word for word, as he heard it and Stevens typed it out in his notepad in his iPhone. “No baby that is more than enough.” He nodded at Stevens, then walked away to finish talking to his potential lover.Stevens got up off the floor and followed his partner out of the bedroom and down the stairs. It always amazed him that his partner could literally pull anyone, male or female. The man damn near had a revolving door attached to his pants. ~guess it’s a good thing I don’t mind him fucking everything that walked, as long as it’s my bed he finds his way into at the end of the night~Fabien was leaning against the car, phone back in his pocket and leering at Stevens. “Should I be worried that you plan on going back for seconds with this one?” he asked as he stepped up to his partner.He smiled and grabbed Stevens’ jacket pulled him in for a deep probing kiss. “No, he’s human. You know me and humans.” He said against Stevens full lips.“Good. I’d really hate to have to kill him. Now we need to just sit tight. I sent a text to the cleanup crew, they should be here soon.”

Hours later, the house was scrubbed from top to bottom, every piece of furniture was removed. Every picture and vase, everything was gone. From the outside it looked like they were moving, but on the inside the house; once the house had been swept with a UV light, they began the process of gutting the house. If for any chance that Lexie left anything behind, the crew would find it.

Fabien and Stevens were walking passed security in LAX, they had to board the company private jet within the hour. They would then land in Manitoba, Canada, once there they would then have to drive to Five Lakes Metigoshe.  Fabien was dressed in blue jeans and a t-shirt, while Stevens was in an Armani suit. They made it to their gate when Fabien’s phone rang.Stevens looked at him with a ‘you have got to be kidding’ look, as The Nasty song filled the air. Other people in the terminal waiting for their own flights looked at them, as Fabien pulled his phone out of his back pocket and sighed when he saw who it was. He handed his bag to Stevens and then stepped away, not too far, but far enough so other people couldn’t hear.“Woman, seriously, you need to stop calling and lose my number.” Fabien snarled lowly into the phone. “I have no idea where you got the idea that I would ever dream of seconds. You are sorely mistaken. Now I’m hanging up and if you call again, it will not be pretty.” He snapped, then pressed end. His black eyes snapped up to Stevens, trying to read him.Stevens just held out his own phone with a number on the screen. “I warned you.” Was all he said to his partner, just as the door to their gate was opened and they were waved through the door by the flight attendant.  Fabien took the phone from him and dialed the number on his own phone. A few minutes later, he handed it back as they sat down across from each other within the jet.“Dude, she was like five months ago!” he exclaimed at the look that Stevens was still giving him. “Fuck you man.” He mumbled as he slouched down in the seat.Stevens kicked his leg out and left it on Fabien’s knee. “No, I do actually. I also remember telling you that she was a mistake five months ago. I wonder if you ever even listen to me.” He replied with a twist of his lips, and settled back in his seat as the jet began to taxi away from the building. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

A tall man with long tawny blond hair, that was full, thick and layered was pulled back and held at the nape of his neck with a black leather tie. He was dressed in a casual Armani suit, as he stood inside the main security room that was floor to ceiling computer monitors. Computer code scrolled fast as lightening on one single monitor. A different scene was playing on the monitors’, not a single one played the same thing. His green-yellow eyes narrowed on a single screen, riveted by what he was seeing. “What’s wrong, Bastion?” asked a young man, with spiky cerulean blue hair and piercing robin’s egg blue eyes. He wore hip hugging black jeans, he held a t-shirt in one hand while the other shook water from his hair, droplets of water beaded on his pale skin, making the tribal tattoo stand out. It began on the inside of his left elbow, and like roses climbing a trellis it wrapped its way up the arm, across the muscled shoulders and neck, then down the right arm to stop in the middle of the right bicep. He had a swimmers lean build.Bastion turned his head to look over his shoulder at the young man. A frown creased his forehead. “We might have a problem.” His voice was husky as if he hadn’t spoken in several hours.“Huh? Talk to me Bastion.” The young man said in a soft voice, as he came farther into the security room. His robins blue eyes flicking along the wall of monitor’s, trying to see where the problem might be before asking, “What am I looking for?”The older man pointed to a monitor that was in the middle of the wall about waist height. It was time stamped an hour ago; it showed two men boarding a private jet. “Okay, how are they a problem?”“Matthew…  Who showed up on our doorstep not a week ago?” Bastion questioned the younger man, his tone calm belying the internal worry that was starting to worm its way inside him.Matthew smirked, “Why sexy Lexy of course. Well its more Scarlet’s doorstep then ours, but what does that have to do with these men?” he asked as he looked closer at the screen.“Those men work for Coventry Inc.” Bastion replied, his gaze on his lover, waiting for the shock.Matthews head whipped around to look at Bastion, eyes wide. “What? Is that even possible for them to follow her here?” he questioned and began pulling on his t-shirt.The older man walked up to Matthew, helping to smooth out the t-shirt and inhaling his fresh clean scent, kissing his clean-shaven cheek, before stepping back. “Taz, call Scar.” He said, calling out to their android computer, reminiscent of Star Trek.‘Calling’ a gentle female voice responded.‘This better be important?’ A male voice rumbled out of breath over the line.Matthew grinned and held in the laugh that wanted to come out; Bastion gave a small smile and answered the man. “Tevin, give the phone to Scarlet, Pack business.” A sigh was heard and a muffled ‘there goes our night’ before, ‘What is it?’ Scarlet questioned, her voice pitched lower than normal, giving away what she had just been doing.“Two men that work for Coventry are on a jet and on their way as we speak.” Bastion replied.‘Hmm…’ She hummed; the sound of her bare feet padding across the hardwood floor of her bedroom could be heard over the line. ‘Are they coming here, or to the Five Lakes place?’ she asked.

Scarlet’s musical laugh came over the line, ‘Well now won’t they be surprised when they find that it’s an empty house. Though I will give them credit for getting this far, with what little information they have.’ She said softly.“How would you like me to deal with this? The Council will not like a war between us.” He replied, still watching the monitors.‘Oh the Council will be angry of course, but I don’t really care. If Coventry can’t keep track of his own daughter that is his problem.’ Scarlet replied calmly, you could hear a rumble that came over the phone, that could only be a growl that she had cut off.Bastion sighed, his hand came up to pinch the bridge of his nose in exasperation, “But you made this our problem, when you let her stay.” He replied exasperation in his tone.‘Yes, I did. This has been a long time in coming and I’m done waiting. I’m sure those men haven’t even told Coventry the name of the woman his daughter ran to. Try not to worry over much Bastion; I have been expecting this, though I was hoping for just a little more time.’ She replied, ‘Call Krilen and let him know he is going to have visitors.’“Alright,” he said and then the line went dead.Matthew looked at his lover gauging his reaction to her words. “Is this really going to be a problem?” he asked. Bastion looked back at him. “I don’t know. Scarlet has been fucking with Coventry for centuries. I only know part of the story, but the one thing I do know is that girl is more important than she could even begin to understand.”“I don’t understand that? Isn’t she just some rich Shifter’s daughter?” Matthew questioned, his forehead creased in thought. There was no maliciousness to it, just genuine curiosity.Bastion stepped up to his lover and pulled him flush against him. “Yes she is, and yet she is much more than that. Scarlet will tell us more when she is ready to tell us.” He replied, rubbing his cheek against his lovers. “Scarlet is many things. She holds things close, tells only half-truths, lies when it is convenient, and plays with people’s lives as if they were mere toys. However, I do know this. She will make damn sure Lexis comes to no harm, no matter what.”Matthew wrapped his arms around his lover’s waist and rested his head against Bastion’s chest. “I really don’t like how this is going.”“I know. She is calling in Krilen, which means she thinks this is going to get nasty and bloody fast.” Bastion said into Matthews shoulder, where he rested his own face. “I should call Krilen now.” though he made no move to do so. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*An average sized Native American half-breed, with short dark brown to black wispy curly hair and toffee colored eyes, sat in a chair, two of the legs off the ground. His feet lay crossed at the ankles on top of a large desk. He rhythmically tapped his fingers to the song ‘Vindicated by Dashboard Confessional’ as it played in the background. The hand that was not tapping along to the music was flipping through files on a laptop computer. Some of the files were nothing more than computer code and others were video files as well as reports.Krilen took his job very seriously, he had to train himself to be calm and quiet, it wouldn’t do to be an Alphas secret keeper if one was a volatile wolf. It also made it easier on him to remain calm when Scarlet said she wanted and needed something, he made damn sure that he got it all for her. He stopped flipping through the files as he came to the name Alexis Coventry. He did not need to read the file, he knew that Scarlet had sanitized it before sending it to him, it didn’t matter anyway he knew everything that he needed to know already. Krilen knew every single secret his Alpha had. “Why now?” he asked himself quietly.“Would it be because she is a Shifter?” a sixteen-year-old black girl asked as she stepped into the room and came to a stop next to him. Her black hair done up in many little braids, with purple and pink running through the braids, she was wearing shorts and a tank top. The season in Five Lake was rather warm this time of year. Light reflected off her silver eyebrow and lip piercings as she looked at the file Krilen had open on the computer.He hummed in response to her question. “No… White Tigers are not as rare as one would think. No this is different. This is personal for Scarlet.” He said, and flipped to the next file, which was nothing but pictures of Lexis, the earliest picture taken around the age of eight to present. “I understand what she is doing, but I am also confused as to why she is doing this now.” He murmured.“Either way, it needs to be dealt with,” the girl said quietly and placed an iPad down on the desk in front of the man. “They have already sent notice. I don’t know what you want me to say here Kril, I can’t hold them off for much longer.”Krilen’s toffee eyes flashed to the iPad and glared, “This couldn’t have come at a worse time.” He spoke.  ‘Scarlet De’Mo, your presence is here by demanded by the Council Elders to appear before them to answer for your actions. If you are not present on the day in question, steps will be taken to remove you and your pack for all Council functions.’“You’d think they would have worded it better?” she stated, irritation clear in her voice as she looked at him to gauge his reaction to the news.Krilen smiled, “They know better. This way you get her good and annoyed, so she will have no choice but to appear just so she can yell at them.” ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Lexis wandered around the woods behind the house thinking about things. She had been living with Scarlet for a little while now, and had come to learn a few things rather quickly. One: Scarlet was quiet by nature, half the time you didn’t even know she was in the room until she spoke. Two: She had a strange relationship with her lovers and Three: Scarlet was one scary ass woman who seemed to be something Other. Lexie didn’t know what, but she always felt like Scarlet could look inside anyone of the people who came and went from the house and just know what they were thinking, and the wildness that just flowed from the woman made Lexie nervous.Some times when Scarlet watched her, it was with a gaze that made her feel as if her very soul was open like a book to be read. Scarlet seemed to just know without anyone really telling her what was going on with everyone. Lexie knew that if she had just met Scarlet she would have instinctively avoided the woman as if she had the plague. There was just something about Scarlet that she just couldn’t identify, something that just made her skin tingle an her blood itch.Now, even with the strange feelings that Scarlet gave off, she felt nothing but acceptance and safety, almost like being wrapped up in a warm blanket, like home. This place felt like home from the moment Scarlet opened the door and said ‘this is your room’. She got along well with Tien; they played Halo and Call of Duty together as well as had mini fangasims over their receptive fictional characters and fandoms.Their bonding had gone so far that Lexis had asked how he had become Scarlet’s son, since there was no resemblance at all. It was how she found out that Scarlet was older then she first thought.

 Tien and Lexis were playing Call of Duty in Tien’s room after he had finished his homework, hours had passed when she just couldn’t hold it in any longer.

 “How is Scarlet your mom?” she asked quietly as she looked through her hair over at him. Tien had stilled at her words and she was about to take them back when he put down his controller and looked at her.

“She and my dad were together before I was born. My dad didn’t even know I existed till my birth mom was in an accident. I was two when my dad came and got me, and Scarlet has been my mom ever since.” He spoke softly, “My dad died when I was six, and Social Services tried to take me from Scarlet but she put up a fight and legally adopted me, so that no one could take me from her.”

“Oh…I didn’t mean to pry.”

Tien smiled, “Naw its okay, people ask all the time. I’m kinda used to it.”

Lexie grinned, “It kinda makes me wonder, you know? I mean she hardly knows me and yet she took me in, like a stray that needed a home.” Her forehead creased in thought. “Isn’t that how she met Tevin too?”

Tien laughed so hard, tears were running down his face, when he finally stopped laughing he put his hand on her shoulder. “Mom and Nathaniel have been together forever, and Tevin was just like a stray. Mom and Nate found him about eight years ago and he has pretty much been attached to them ever since.”

Wide eyed, “Wow, that’s kinda cool,” she said smiling softly, then she frowned. Her brows forming a small v. “And creepy at the same time.” She replied and then tilted her head, “that would also mean that Nathaniel knew your dad too?”

He grunted and picked up his controller again. “You have no idea.” He stated then shrugged his shoulder, “I guess. I mean, I’ve never actually asked, but I would assume so and it wouldn’t really matter, because Nate treats me like I’m his son and Tev like his little brother. So yeah, weirdness abounds.”

 end Flash backLexis smiled in remembrance of that day. She liked Tien, and she got along well with both Nathaniel and Tevin, tho she did not get along with Jessica. There was just something about the woman that always made her feel like a second rate citizen.  Lexie knew she hadn’t done anything to Jessica to warrant the bad vibe. Tevin was the one that told her not to let whatever Jessica said to bother her. She did try to ignore the words and the glares but Lexie knew that a fight between them was going to happen, she just hopped it wasn’t soon, which pretty much meant that it was going to be too soon and feel like it came out of left field.With a shake of her flame-red hair, she sat down on a fallen tree, and watched the world around her. She had been sitting there for a while and was thinking of shifting, when a branch snapped behind her. Her head snapped around to see what it was, her long hair fanning out behind her. She saw a beautiful man with purple hair and with the greenest eyes she had ever seen, walking towards her. ~Is everyone around here a supermodel?~ She thought to herself.She stood up from the fallen tree and watched him, trying to figure out if he was a threat or not. Just watching him walk toward her made her envious, his body moving fluidly over the uneven terrain, leaving her with the impression that he had spent a lot of time in the forest around them.“Hi,” he said with a wave of his hand. “Scarlet said you were out here somewhere. I’m Xander.”“Hi…”She trailed off, as she looked at him, not really sure what to say. Choosing to stay quiet, the better to observe.Xander shook his head, his green eyes shuttered as an almost calculating look crossed his face too fast for her to really believe she saw it.“Look, Scar would rather we didn’t talk about this yet, but honestly? I am so tired of waiting, I’m a pretty patient kind of guy but when you begin to itch under your own skin I have to draw the line somewhere. So…I’m Xander Dresden and I’m a Shifter. Cheetah actually, I know you’re a Shifter and I would really really like to run with you to see how your speed is in this terrain.” He said to her as he looked at her, in an almost predatory way as he bounced in place, like he couldn’t keep still. He reminded her of herself when she got excited about something.~ He really shouldn’t look at me like that, when I am the tiger and he is the cheetah~ she thought as she gave him a small smile, while she was almost panicking on the inside. ~How can he know? I was so sure I hid it better~. “How, did you know…wait you said Scarlet wanted to wait. Are you telling me that she knows what I am too? Do you all know what I am?” she demanded, standing her full six foot height, trying to make herself look menacing and not quite pulling it off, since she knew she couldn’t quite hide the shaking of her hands.Xander raised an eyebrow, blew a strand of purple hair out of his face. “Babe, really?” he rumbled out a laugh. “You wouldn’t be here if we didn’t know you were a Shifter. You seriously don’t walk or wander the hundred acres of this land and not be a Shifter. And well, Scarlet’s different and she knew you were a Shifter long before you ever stepped into the house.” He turned his head and looked past her and into the forest, trying hard not to get antsy but was having trouble holding in the need to run.Lexis tried to follow what he was looking at but she couldn’t see anything but forest, she didn’t have the ability to access her heightened senses when in human form. “Who’s out there?” she asked him as she stepped closer to him, she didn’t know this forest at all so sticking with him was better than nothing, or at least she hoped anyway.“His name is Devon and he’s a Lynx, he will flirt with you to the point where you might actually either sleep with him or punch him in the face.” He said very quietly then looked back at her, his green eyes narrowed face serious. “I highly recommend that you don’t sleep with him. He doesn’t know it but I have pretty much claimed him as mine.”“Um, okay.” She replied feeling a little uncomfortable, she shuffled her feet, then looked around, “So where do we change to shift? Because I don’t really know you and I don’t like being naked around people I just met.”Xander laughed his face losing its seriousness and joy took over his face, “I totally understand. You’re not too far from the shed that we use to change.” And with a tilt of his head, he began walking in the direction of where the shed was.Lexie watched him for a few seconds, shrugged her shoulder and then followed him. They walked for a few minutes when she felt it and came to a sudden stop, making a surprised squeak. “What is that?” she asked peering over Xander’s shoulder. “It…feels…weird.” She said slowly, confused.“That tingling you are feeling is magic. The shed is behind what is called a veil, humans can feel it but they would get a feeling that they needed to be somewhere else if they stumbled upon it.” He explained as the shed came into view. “You can shift first.” He said and waved her forward toward the small wooden structure.~Okay, sure. They know I’m a Shifter and they use magic. I didn’t even know Shifter’s could use magic~ Lexie thought, frowning, as she passed Xander and stepped into the shed. It was much bigger on the inside then on the out and in much better condition. The outside looked like a truly ancient shed that was falling apart from wood rot, but the inside looked five times bigger and brand new. There were benches built into two of the walls, and lockers along another wall. It felt warm and inviting, and from the look of the floor and its multitude of claw marks, the shed was well used.The lockers had name tags taped under the vents, and it made her think of her private school, upon scanning the row her eyes widened when she saw her name taped to one of the lockers. She walked up to it and opened it, the inside was empty, “Uh huh, okay.” She said to herself and began undressing, they had prepared for her; she folded each article of clothing and placed it within the locker neatly. Old habits die hard, she couldn’t just toss the clothes inside. Father’s words echoing inside her head about neatness and cleanliness.When fully naked, she rolled her head on her shoulders and began to shift. One of the things her father hated about her was that it always seemed to take her several minutes to shift into her feline form. She had no problems shifting back to human in a snap, but it was always a slow process for her to go from human to tiger.  She closed her eyes, as she felt the bones and muscle break and reform, could feel her body become longer and heavier, when the change was over she opened her emerald eyes to a world that was sharper, clearer and a whole lot brighter.As a tiger, she could see runes etched into the walls and the floor that glowed with a power that her human eyes could not see.  It was as if the shed was saturated with magic, she could smell the power within the shed, it tickled her nose, not in a bad way.  The smell of ozone that seemed to be present when Shifters used a place to shift safely, she identified. She gave a full body stretch and shook herself, then turned to the door and pushed it open with her paw. Walking through the door with power and grace, she rumbled an excited greeting to Xander who stood a few feet away.Xander looked at her with an appraising gaze, taking all of her in, the emerald green of her eyes stood out against the white of her fur, he nodded his head at her. “Nice form. Though you are gonna stand out like crazy since you’re white, but we will make do.” He stated winking, then flicked his head to the right of her. “Play nice,” was all he said, his tone brooking little argument and walked passed her and into the shed.She nimbly jumped away from the door, looked over, and saw a beautiful shorthaired Lynx with large paws sitting on a low hanging branch attached to a tree that was growing almost out from under the shed.  Bright golden yellow eyes watched her every move.She rumbled *hello* as she stepped toward him. *Devon?* she inquired as she looked up at him.The Lynx gave a yawn of disinterest, and then jumped from his perch down to the forest floor; he slowly walked around her taking her measure and scent. He was giving off some major vibes of being aloof, *yes* was his reply, just as the shed door opened, and a Cheetah pranced out on the tips of his toes.Devon bounded over to Xander and head butted the Cheetah in warm greeting, a loud rumbling purr was heard in response. *lets run* Xander murred, and took off like a shot away from the shed and deeper into the forest. The Lynx glanced at her and bounded after the Cheetah, Lexie took off after him a few seconds later, trying to shake off Devon’s aloofness.

Several hours later the cheetah, lynx and tiger lay sprawled next to a small river in the dying sun light. The lynx and cheetah were sprawled close together, the tiger a little ways away, trying to give the lynx no more reason to hate her. The Tiger and Lynx were breathing hard and heavy, panting for breath, while the Cheetah lay on his back, a deep rumbling purr resonating from his chest as his paws batted the air above him.*So much fun!* Xander spoke, his voice a high excited laugh.Devon and Lexie both looked over at the Cheetah *You’re nuts.* they both said in unison.Xander rolled to his feet, his long tail gently twitching behind him. *You both need to start running more.* he stated. *I should be the one getting tired faster and yet, I still beat you both.**Ugh, you’re an exercise freak aren’t you?* Lexie asked him, while she stretched out her sore body. She shouldn’t have been skipping the workouts her Father had ordered to do.*Nope, Xan just really loves to run.* Devon answered instead.*Quit your whining you two. You both need more practice at running in these woods.* Xander said to them, his gaze focused off into the distance, his small fluffy ears flicking back and forth.Lexie rolled to her paws, *What’s wrong?* she asked Xander, instantly becoming worried. As much as she loved her new home, she felt it was too good to be true and was waiting for the other shoe to drop.*Something is wrong at the house. Something that doesn’t belong.* was all he said before he disappeared from sight.*Holy crap!* Lexis exclaimed at the suddenness of Xander’s disappearance. *He moves fast.*Devon jumped to his feet and took off after Xander, calling back, *Move it!* he snapped.Her eyes widened and she too ran off towards home. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Fabien and Stevens stood beside a black SUV as they looked at a dilapidated farmhouse. The house at one point had been painted a bright red, but had faded to pink over time, the windows were broken, they could see shards of glass sparkling in the sun. The ancient front door was hanging on by one hinge and the roof was sunken in the middle. The wraparound porch had collapsed on one side of the house; the steps looked like they had come from 1800’s and were completely missing in some spots.“This can’t be right?” Fabien stated the obvious, as he was prone to do, as he looked at the beat up house.Stevens frowned at the sight. “Yes, you can tell that no one has been here in years, maybe even decades.” He said his blue eyes looking at the ground, taking in the old shoe deteriorating away and some animal prints. He began walking away from the car and his partner, towards the farmhouse, eyes still focused on the ground. There was just something strange about all of this and it was sending all kinds of warnings off inside his head.“What do you want me to do, here?” Fabien asked, still leaning up against the SUV, looking relaxed in his blue jeans and shirt in the middle of nowhere.“Take pictures of everything. We need to know if this is just a drop off point or what it really looks like.” Stevens replied, and then gently as he could placed his foot on the first step and slowly put more weight on it. When it didn’t break under his weight, he slowly stepped up the stairs. His glacier blue eyes taking in every small little detail, from foot prints to finger prints he could see in the fine dusting of dirt that covered just about everything. He didn’t even bother to check to see if Fabien did what he was told, because he knew full well that if the man wanted to ever get laid again, he would do it.Fabien pulled his phone out of his pocket and slowly began taking pictures. He flicked his inky black eyes around, snapping shots of animal tracks and old footprints. He also took pictures of the house and its surroundings, making sure he didn’t miss anything on the outside before he made his way into the house.The inside was just as bad as the outside, but there was a different feel to the place. Old houses always had a sense to them, either of oldness or of well loved and this place didn’t have either of those feelings. To Fabien it felt fake and wrong, like someone just whitewashed over it, to make it feel old.“This feels wrong… are we dealing with a witch or what?” Fabien asked when he found Stevens standing in the middle of the living room of the house. He was looking at the dust and soot from an old stone fireplace, there were paw prints in the dust and ash, “Looks like wolf tracks.”“Yes, they are.”Stevens said quietly, “They are also fresh. I’d say maybe a day or two fresh.” He moved away from the fireplace and his eyes narrowed when he caught sight of a tuft of black fur caught in between the wood of the window ledge. He walked over and plucked it up, brought it to his nose and took a good long inhale of it. “I’ve smelled this scent before, but I can’t place it?” he said softly almost to himself.“Really? When would you have gotten the scent of a wolf?” Fabien asked, his voice carrying a hint of anger. He did not like the idea that his mate and partner of twelve years had been around a wolf long enough to remember the scent of it.Stevens looked at his mate through the corner of his eyes, “Don’t worry, I didn’t get it the way you would think.” His voice soothing, as he rolled the fur through his fingers, as he thought.Fabien glared at him, and walked passed him to take pictures of the rest of the house, trying not to act like a pissed off lover, but wasn’t pulling it off at all well.

After taking what felt like hundreds of pictures, and bagging the tuft of fur, Stevens and Fabien climbed back into the SUV and drove to the nearest motel and checked in.  They both needed time to regroup and think about what to do next. Stevens needed time to think, and he knew Fabien needed time to cool down, because he could read his partner well.Stevens dropped their bags onto the king size bed, and began pulling his tie apart as he watched Fabien sit down at the small table and work on their shared MacBook. He smiled a little when he realized that Fabien was also kind of hiding the fact that he was still a little pissed about him knowing a wolf. ~Like I would lower myself to fuck a wolf, and hell would freeze over tomorrow~ Pulling his tie off he began unbuttoning his shirt. “You gonna be in a snit all night or what?” he asked calmly.Fabien continued typing and ignored Stevens all together, his black eyes hard and focused on the laptop in front of him.“Seriously? I let you pretty much fuck everything that moves. I never once complain about it because I understand you and yet, you don’t believe me when I say I have never fucked a wolf, ever. You give me this snotty silent treatment. Very mature, dear.” Stevens said as he pulled off his shirt and jacket. His eyes still on his partner, watching him closely for any outward sign, and before he could toe off his shoes, Fabien was out of the chair and on him in a second.With the added weight of Fabien, Stevens fell backwards onto the bed, and looked his partner in the eyes and realized that he was seriously pissed off. Fabien had shifted into partial form, he looked human, but with the tiger attributes.  He willed his body to relax under Fabien, he wasn’t overly worried, but then again, he had never in all the years he’s known him ever had the pleasure of having Fabien’s razor sharp fangs mere millimeters from his throat.A rage burned in Fabien’s eyes that Stevens could honestly say he had never known was possible in his lover and mate. Stevens was the Alpha and Fabien was the Beta. If circumstances called for it Fabien could act like an Alpha, take over control and command until the proper one showed up, Stevens. But this, this white hot rage burning in Fabien’s eyes he could see, so very bright within obsidian black eyes was not new to either of them. However it was new to be on the receiving end of it, never before had Fabien’s true rage been directed at him. Stevens knew he had to walk softly, in his lover’s rage even Stevens wouldn’t be able to protect himself, couldn’t. He’d never willingly harm his mate. Stevens turned his head up and to the side, in a true show of submission.He could feel Fabien’s claws dig into his chest, the sound of his growl rumbling deep within his chest, at this very moment Stevens honestly felt true fear.*Mine!* snarled Fabien, his breath hot against Stevens throat, hot saliva dropped from one fang to splash hotly against the bared neck.“Yours,” Stevens stated his voice steady and calm, though he did not feel calm.A sharp nip to Stevens’ throat, nowhere near deadly, just enough to get the point a crossed and then the feel of a ruff tongue swiped up the blood that welled from the nip and across his neck and face.  “Yours,” Stevens said again, slowly turning his head to look at Fabien. He slowly brought his hands up and laid them over the clawed hands of his lover.Obsidian eyes flashed fire before slowly fading away, as the seconds ticked by so did the rage. Fabien slowly shifted back into human form, the feline features melting away. He sat astride his partner, knees digging painfully into the bed on either side of Stevens hips. “Sorry,” Fabien whispered a flush crawling up his neck from embarrassment. He couldn’t quite believe that he had attacked Stevens.Stevens arched an eyebrow at him. “Why?” he asked just as quietly as he slowly relaxed under his partner.“I have no right to act as I did. You’re right; you do allow me to fuck indiscriminately and never once tried to stop me, only going so far as to ask that I don’t return for seconds.” He said quietly, as he slowly rubbed the bloody wounds he had made in Stevens chest soothingly.“You have every right to be angry. You thought I had mated with another shifter, and that made you rage. I would have done the same, if I thought for a second that you slept with a shifter, only unlike you, I would honestly have killed you for the transgression.”Fabien looked at Stevens and saw the truth of his words reflected within his eyes. “Sometimes I don’t understand how you can stay with me? By shifter law I’m barely a Beta, I can’t give you cubs, I might as well be a glorified Omega, I don’t have much to offer you, I never have.” He murmured, insecurity showing on his beautiful face.Stevens moved his hands slowly from the hands on his chest up the arms, one sliding behind his partners neck while the other slid into short inky black hair, and pulled him down an gently kissed his lips. “You offer me everything.” He whispered against his lovers lips. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Lexis and Devon by passed the shed following Xander’s scent, as they got closer to the house they could hear fighting, and so they picked up their pace only to come to a dead stop as two wolves fought violently and viciously. One was pure white with a splash of red along the left side of the muzzle and over the left ear. The other wolf was the exact opposite, it was pure black, making them look like a perverted form of yin and yang. Lexie didn’t even think, she just reacted and jumped between the two wolves when they broke apart. She stood between them, her massive body tense with coiled strength, her green eyes on both of them, not sure, which one was the true threat as she rumbled a growl deep in her chest. Her body rippling with rage and a need to do something, she didn’t quite know what, but something. She roared at half strength at the black wolf then the white.The white wolf grew in size, its body rippling with the change as it became bigger then her, and then it snarled fangs bared, blood dripped from the muzzle, and before she knew it, Lexie was literally rolled out of the way with a massive white paw. As she quickly righted herself she watched as the white wolf tackled the black wolf again. When she tried to intervene again Xander and Devon moved as one to block her from trying to stop the wolves once more.*Don’t.* Xander’s voice held an authority to it she couldn’t for the life of her disobey. She laid her head down on her massive paws and watched the fight. Looking around her, she could see that Devon, Xander and her were not the only shifters present for this fight.A beautiful mountain lion sat regally off to the side of the fight looking almost smug, the tail wrapped around the body, as yellow golden eyes watched the fight. Three Timber wolves sat close to each other, one was a black and gray, the one next to that was a mix of colors and the last one was younger than the other two and was black brown and white.She silently wondered if they were part of Scarlet’s pack, and if so, where was Scarlet? Across from the fighting wolves were several wolves in varying sizes and colors, there was also a Hyena and a coyote as well. From where she lay with Xander and Devon on either side of her, she could not scent any of the shifters around her.*Who are they?* she asked Xander quietly, not taking her emerald eyes off the two wolves fighting.  For some reason she was worried for the white, though clearly she shouldn’t because the white made the black seem like a small pup.Xander moved a little and lay down next to her, pushing his body against her, giving her support. *They are envoys from the Council Elders.* he spoke softly.Lexie licked her nose in a nervous twitch, *Okay, but um…why are they fighting?**It seems to be normal operating procedure around here.* He replied with a chirp, and laid his head atop hers offering comfort and trying to calm her. *It’s almost over, so you can stop worrying.*She purred in response to his words, and watched in awe as the white wolf laid the black wolf out on its back, the white at its throat, teeth deep within in the fur and skin. Seconds later the fight was over and Lexis finally caught the scent of the white wolf and realized that it was Scarlet. *Wow!* She said in pure awe of the sheer power that she could feel pulsing off the white wolf.Small pieces to the puzzle that was Scarlet were falling into place within Lexie’ mind, of how she would react to being with Scarlet, just the feel of her was Alpha but different. However, there were still many pieces still missing, and she hoped to have them filled in without actually having to ask Scarlet. Scarlet looked over at Lexis then huffed a breath at Xander, and then she turned and ran off into the forest with the other shifters from the Council Elders. Xander rolled to his feet and nudged Lexie. *It will be a while so we might as well change.* He said and pranced away in the direction of the shed, Devon at his side. Lexie stretched out for a second and then followed them. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Jessica paced the kitchen floor, her clothing fitting her like a second skin as her Milano stiletto heels clicking with each step. Her blond hair flowed down her back in an unruly tumble of hair as she moved with barely restrained anger that vibrated from within, with every move. Out of nowhere she flew across the room and had Lexis pinned to the glass door just moments after Lexie stepped into the house.Devon scrambled out of the way, almost tripping over his own feet and would have fallen to the floor if Xander hadn’t caught hold of his arm. He got himself together, and pushed Xander and himself away from Jessica. Trying valiantly to keep Xander from helping his new friend. When he had himself and Xander safely out of the way, he turned back and watched the fireworks, leaning back into Xander, and kept a grin from splitting his face in two as Xander moved his hand from his bicep and wrapped it around his waist.Xander pulled Devon tighter against him, his body tense as he watched the two women from over Devon’s head. His eyes fell half-lidded as he drew in Devons’ scent from his unruly brown hair. A slight smile on his face as he heard his little Lynx’ heart beat faster. His smile slipped as he watched the duo by the door.Jessica’s hand dug into the girls chest, her skin rippled with a partial change, a fine dusty layer of fur appeared as the hand changed into a clawed hand. Dark amber eyes flashed rage as they looked into emerald eyes. To a human they would have looked absolutely hilarious if they happened upon the scene. With her hand pressing Lexis into the glass door, her head tilted up to glare at the red head, because without the heels, Lexie stood a good foot and a half taller than Jessica did.“This is because of you.” Jessica snarled, her voice holding a tremor of rage that had everyone in the room standing perfectly still and silent.Lexie tried not to wince as the hand on her chest dug into her skin with the door handle pressing into her lower back. Both of her hands were at her sides, the back of her hands against the door with her palms facing Jessica, as she tried to make herself look smaller and non-threatening. The rage in Jessica washed over Lexis, her body shook with a need to roll over and submit. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean for anything like this to happen.” She whispered, memories of other times she was met with a furious shifter, her Father, cascading across her mind making her shake even more. A therapist would say she had Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome, she might agree.“Why?” Jessica snapped, “What makes you so god damned special that Scarlet would risk the wrath of the Council for you? If they find her in the wrong, they have every right to kill her. That fight was only just the beginning of this. Who the fuck are you?” she snarled, her eyes bleeding to gold.“Jessica.” A deep male voice spoke, startling everyone in the room. Except for Lexis, she was too lost in memories.Lexis never took her eyes off Jessica, as she watched Jess move her head a little, her eyes still pined to Lexie, but she now gave off the air that she was listening to the person who had spoken.Devon and Xander both relaxed as a six-foot tall man with a shaved head, and gray eyes walked into the kitchen. He was dressed in a tight white t-shirt that showed off his muscled arms and chest they bulged showing clear definition through the white cotton. His dark blue jeans hugged muscular legs that ended with brown workers boots on large feet. He wasn’t near as tall as Nate, maybe a couple inches shorter, you’d only be able to tell if they were standing side by side.  He was sporting a heavy five o’clock shadow and looked like he’d been called out of bed because there were small creases on his face from a pillow.“Eric, what a nice surprise, so good of you to crawl out from under your rock,” Jessica replied, her tone bland as if the rage she felt was nothing more than an inconvenience.Eric sighed, his hand came up to rub over his face, trying to wake up. He grunted at Jessica and walked over to the coffee pot. He didn’t even bother to glance at Xander and Devon, he just waved a hand at them absentmindedly as a cup filled with coffee was shoved into his other hand. He looked at the owner of said hand and smiled at Tien. “Hey kiddo,” he mumbled, his voice deeper than Lexie had ever heard before and made her feel calm, even with Jessica’s nails in her chest. He took a big sip of the hot coffee, as if testing it before drinking the cup down in two gulps.Eric looked over at Jessica and Lexis, his gray eyes looked Lexis up and down, cataloging every small detail then flicked over to Jessica. “I was called because she knew this is how you would react.” He spoke as the empty cup was taken from his hand, refilled and then handed back. “It’s not your place to throw this,” he waved his hand in the air, as if trying to figure out a word to use that was appropriate enough to describe the actions of the lion. “Little tantrum.” Jessica tensed at the slight and the gesture. She knew he was talking down to her. “Though I do find this kinda funny that you would think to do this when she is busy.”“So I am just supposed to sit back and watch as the Elders show up to bitch at Scarlet for some bullshit, and also just sit back and wait as Coventry comes at us with an army?” Jessica snapped her claws ripping the shirt and digging into Lexis’ skin, blood beaded up over the claws to slowly trickle down onto the shirt.A growl rumbled through the kitchen, he’d had enough of this childish behavior. The others watched as his eyes bled gold and locked on Jessica. “Yes, yes you are. If she wanted you to know anything she would have told you.” His voice dropped in pitch as anger rumbled through him. “So step the fuck back!” he snapped, making the boys jump.The command shot through both Lexis and Jessica, and they both did as it was ordered, Jessica moved away from Lexis putting distance between them, her body stiff with rage, her head down as she tried to get control of herself. It wouldn’t help matters if she were to snap and attack Lexis even if everything in her demanded that she do so.“What do you know?” she asked her voice raspy with suppressed rage.He smirked, “I know a great many things.”Her head snapped up, hair falling around her shoulders, amber eyes glaring through her hair, she smiled a cold deadly smile. “Cute, real cute, Eric.” Her voice was silky smooth and deadly.He laughed a deep happy laugh, “It’s not my place to tell you. If, and only if, Scarlet wishes it so, otherwise,” He met her eyes directly and held them within the grey steel of his own. “I’m not telling you anything.”Her face twisted into a nasty sneer, making her seem ugly since the first time Lexie had met her. She snarled to the room at large, and stalked over toward the door under the stairs. Opening the door she practically stomped down the stairs before allowing the door to slam shut behind her.Eric looked around the room, making sure that Lexis was the only one who caught the blunt of Jessica’s anger. Xander stood against the counter next to the fridge Devon held close to him, his head resting on the shorter man’s head. Tien stood next to him, while Nathaniel and Tevin sat on the stairs, the younger man sitting between the older man’s legs. He hadn’t noticed them when he first walked in, showing how tired he really was. With a sigh, he picked up a clean washcloth; got it a little wet and carried it over to Lexis. Lexis’ emerald eyes flicked over him quickly and stared at a place over his shoulder, not daring to stare him in the eye. She had already had one brush with a shifter that could probably kick her ass, she didn’t need to start another one. ~ He is very pretty.~ she thought to herself as he walked closer.Eric held out the washcloth to her, she took it with shaking hands. He barely held back a gasp, as he noticed her eyes and recognition shot through him like liquid fire. “I’m sorry about Jessica she can be difficult,” He managed to say. “I’d tell you it wouldn’t happen again, but it more than likely will.” He said quietly, his deep voice washing over and calming her down completely. Now she just looked tired, it’d been a weird morning.“Thanks,” she said as she took the washcloth and dabbed at the blood with the wet cloth. “Do you know what everyone is blaming me for?” She asked trying to speak only to him and not the others in the room hearing her. “I mean…I’m not sure how, but somehow my Father is something other than a businessman and Scarlet has it out for him. I don’t…” she trailed off and looked through her lashes at Eric, confusion plain on her face.“Yeah, I know.” He said and took the washcloth back, when she held it out to him, “But I’ll leave it for Scarlet to tell you, it really is not my place to tell you.” Lexie pursed her lips but nodded. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*The moon was high in the night sky when Scarlet finally stepped into her house. The Council had nothing new to share with her and she was feeling a little short of temper at the complete waste of time her day had been. Scarlet knew she was going to be explaining some thing’s tonight; she did not miss the feel and smell of her house. All the tension and worry rolling through it in waves and currents so strong she wanted to turn right back around and get in her car. Sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee, waiting for her, was Nathaniel and Eric. Both looked even more tired than they normally looked, she truly believed that Nate did have a perpetual tired look to himself it also didn’t help that they were both on edge. Both men had bloodshot eyes and bags under them, bruised and puffy. “So…?” she asked leaning on her left shoulder against the wall and looked at them, trying for nonchalance and failing horribly, if the matching looks on both their faces were anything to go by.Nathaniel moved a finger along the rim of his coffee cup, he was slouched in his chair. The hand playing with his coffee cup was propping him upright, while his other hand scratched at his graying scruff on his cheek. “Everyone’s here except for Krilen and Abby. They called and said they would be here in the afternoon. Tien, Tevin, Devon and Xander ran themselves ragged before hauling themselves off to bed little over an hour ago. Bastion and Matthew are downstairs sparing with Jessica. Lexis has been in the library reading or pretending to read. I recommend that you speak with her soon.” He said his tawny colored eyes on her the whole time.Eric sat a little straighter in his chair; looking more alert then she knew him to be this early in his day. “I have to agree with Nate, Scarlet. Most of what that girl knows is what her father told her, and the rest she is putting it together herself. You can’t keep her in the dark much longer.” He took a drink of his coffee, “If it is as you say, Coventry is coming here, then she really needs to know what the hell is going on before that happens.”Scarlet exhaled loudly as she seemed to slouch in on herself, “Okay, she kinda does.” She said softly, her hand rubbing her hip before she pulled herself away from the wall and went up to get Lexis. This was a talk that needed to be had away from everyone, as much as Scarlet wanted to have this talk over and done with, she kind of wished she never actually had to give it. ~Why can’t she remain ignorant? Seriously, I would rather not have this talk at all~ she thought to herself and came to a stop inside the doorway of the library/office.Lexis was sprawled out in a large green chair in the corner of the large room, her legs over the armrest with her back wedged into the corner and a book held in her hands in front of her. Scarlet could tell she really wasn’t reading, she was just using it to stare off into space.“We need to talk.” Scarlet spoke, standing in the doorway, and bit the inside of her lip as Lexis screamed, the book went flying across the room as she jumped to her feet. Eyes wide, chest heaving as she looked at Scarlet, “That is fucking mean as hell!” Lexie snapped swearing for the first time since Scar had met her. She watched as an almost visual anger bubbled up inside her, her hands shaking with suppressed anger and fear.“Yes, I know. Come on.” Was all she said before turning and walking down the hallway, she could hear as Lexis followed. They walked down the stairs and out the back doors, before Lexie left the house, she could see both Nathaniel and Eric sitting at the table talking quietly. She shook her head and left the house. She thought Scarlet was taking her to the shed so they could change but frowned in confusion when Scarlet walked past the wooden structure.They walked almost a mile from the house before they came upon a small clearing within the forest, Before Scarlet finally turned to face her startling her a little. Lexie would never admit it to anyone ever, but the look on Scarlet’s face was scaring her. “I am far older then you realize.” Scarlet spoke, her gaze riveted on Lexis. “I have been walking this earth for over a millennia. Magic does strange things to our kind. I have done and seen my share of horrible things.” She said her voice firm yet gentle.Lexis for the first time in her young life, stood still as stone listening to Scarlet speak.“A few hundred years ago, I had a friend. She was everything to me, she was a black jaguar; she walked the dark shadows of our kind. Many feared her because she not only could use magic but also understood it. It’s been a long held belief that Magic and our kind don’t mix, which is a lie.” She turned from Lexis and began walking slowly as she spoke. “We can use magic, we just have to be very careful or it will take over us and use us instead.”Lexie forced herself to move and fell into step with Scarlet. Forcing herself to keep breathing in and out as she listened.“Her name was Sasha. She was beautiful in every way, long flowing blue black hair and the brightest emerald eyes with flecks of blue you ever saw.” Scarlet turned her head to look at the younger woman next to her, “You look like your father in many ways but for the eyes. Do you know how rare it is for a tiger to have green eyes? Not just any type of tiger either but a white tiger.” They stopped walking when they stepped into a fire circle. Scarlet motioned Lexis to sit down, as she walked over to a large rock and sat.“Are you saying that you knew my mom?” Lexis asked in a soft whisper as she sat down on a smooth rock across from Scarlet.“Yes. I knew her. I never approved of her marriage to your father, but Sasha was determined to break away from her Clan back in India. Nothing I said was going to change her mind.” She sighed and looked up at the night sky. “It wasn’t until she was pregnant with you that your mother realized that your father was not a good man. You don’t remember it, but your mother fled from your father and managed to stay hidden from him until you were three. I was only a day away when I felt your mother die and when I got there the house was nothing but a burned out skeleton and any trace of you and your mother was gone. It was a friend who found your mother’s body, and helped me bury her.”Scarlet turned her head and looked at Lexis. “Ever since, I have been making war on your father, and I am pretty sure that he has no idea that it is I who you ran to.”Lexis’ insides were freezing up tight. “Why did you lie? Why didn’t you just tell me? Couldn’t you have come and taken me? Am I just the prize to be won between you and my father?” her voice cracking, tears clogging her throat as her hands clenched and unclenched in her lap.Scarlet smiled sadly at her. “Never a prize, but I had to be sure that I could trust you. I’ve trusted before and had that blow up in my face the hard way. When one is as old as I am you stop trusting humans and shifters for no matter how different you all say you are, you really aren’t that different, at all.” She said her tone holding a little bit of mockery in it.“But why?” Lexie asked, “I’m not that special, I’m not really anything. I can’t even freaking shift fast enough!” she shouted as she came to her feet, breathing hard, she clenched her hands into fists to stop them from shaking.Scarlet smiled at her, “Dear one, you are far more special then you could ever imagine. Your mother could not have children. There was an accident years ago that made it impossible for your mother to ever carry a child to term.” She spoke with a hollow tone, that scared Lexis more than the idea that most if not everything she knew was a lie. “I blame myself for what happened even though Sasha never blamed me. It was my fault no matter what anyone says.”  Scarlet shook her head, “Sasha had some kind of connection with Mother Luna, I couldn’t even begin to tell you, let alone understand it fully. Needless to say, your mother prayed to Mother Luna for a child,” She smiled sadly yet with a hint of joy. “And nine months later you came screaming into the world. It’s that very connection to Mother Luna that your father wants so very badly.”“That’s not possible! If I had some freaky connection, then why can’t I shift right? I’ve never been able to shift right. Like I said, I’m not special.” Lexie whispered, as she sat down again, trying to keep herself from flying apart at the seams.“You can shift just fine; your problem is all in your head. Your father and his lackeys have made you feel inferior for years and that is what’s keeping you from shifting quickly. Trust me, Mother Luna would never give a broken child to one of her favored children. Never.” ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Two hundred years ago

A loud boom rocked the small village of North Hampshire, England. A plume of smoke mushroomed up into the air, as the sound of people screaming and glass breaking, reached a young woman in traditional clothing. Her beautiful toffee brown hair artfully curled around her head and shoulders, chestnut brown eyes watched as the smoke became thicker and creased with flashes of red, which meant fire.  “No…” the young woman said a light Russian accent colored her words. She stood from the small table she had been sitting at with a companion. A young man with short straight brown hair, beautiful dark chestnut eyes with long black eye lashes gazed at her worriedly. He was dressed just as informally as she was, though his clothing was more form fitting and showed off his well developed chest and arms. “What’s wrong Aunt Scarlet?” he asked in a quiet voice.“I don’t know, but something feels off.” She replied grabbing a handful of her dress, she began a fast walk towards the black smoke. Her companion tossed some notes onto the table and ignored the stunned people around them as he followed his aunt. They had gone maybe fifty feet from the small café when Scarlet stumbled and would have fallen had he not grabbed her arm.“Aunt…” he grunted, holding her up.“We need to get there now, Ze’el.” She whispered her eyes never straying from the black smoke. The ringing bells of the fire wagon reached them from where they stood. She pulled herself away from her nephew and ran as the bells echoed through the village.“Nagota don’t do this to me…” Scarlet pleaded in a harsh whisper as she ran as fast as she could in human form. “Where are you?” she asked the air, hoping she would have an answer before she reached the burning building.They made it to the epicenter of the destruction, and it was nothing but chaos. Humans running all over the place trying to put the fires out. Smoke and ash falling from the sky, making it difficult to breathe. The fire spread to the surrounding buildings, causing more panic as it ate at the wood and brick.Ze’el’s eyes widened when he saw which building had imploded and made to grab Scarlet to hold her back, but she had already run past him. “No…” he whispered. He wanted to run into the wreckage as well, but knew he could not do so without being seen; whereas Scarlet he knew could wrap magic around herself to blend in and be forgotten.Scarlet moved as silent as the grave through the rubble, climbing over brick and wood, and made her way into the mess. Within moments she was in deeper then the rescue people, it was becoming harder to breathe, her chest constricted with the pain of loss that she refused to accept without seeing with her own eyes.A young woman, with silky black hair, her face and dress covered in soot, was coughing next to a support beam with a young man whose black hair looked dark gray from the soot. She knelt next to the young man holding a strip of cloth to a wound on his head.“Sasha…” Scarlet called and came to a shuddering halt before them.Sasha’s green blue eyes looked up at her oldest friend, pure sadness and grief welled from her, “They were within…” she broke off and coughed.  Scarlet looked at where Sasha tried to point through her coughing, and whispered a few words sending magic out to seek. Only for the magic to come back empty and dead, Scarlet stood in shock at what her magic was telling her. ~No~ she thought.She shook her head then reached down and dragged Sasha to her feet, “Go, I will take him.” She said her voice rough with pain. When Sasha was halfway out Scarlet gently picked up Rajnish and cradled him to her chest, turning from the destruction she followed Sasha from the building.Under the guise of magic, Sasha, Scarlet, Rajnish and Ze’el fled the small village. Hours had passed and they had made it to the home of a trusted friend that saw to the health of Rajnish and Sasha, Scarlet left them in the small home. The moon was full and heavy; its shining light lit the way for Scarlet as she walked the lonely pastures of the farming village.She found a small outcropping of stones, and sat within them. She pulled her knees to her chest as tears rolled down her face, an incredible pain washed through her and she cried as the soul deep sorrow lashed through her. A laughing trickster of a coyote beloved by the God Loki had once filled the now empty hollow place within her, and now that place was bleeding painfully from being ripped from her so suddenly. She brought her knees closer and wrapped her arms around them, she held herself as she shook with the pain. Tears of grief and loss fell from her eyes as a horrible sob of anguish poured from her mouth.Arms wrapped around her from behind and the warm soothing presence of her friend Sasha rolled over her. “I feel your pain,” Sasha whispered into Scarlet’s ear and began to rock them gently. Finally, after the tears stopped and Scarlet lay her head back onto the shoulder of the other woman.“He was an ass, did you know that?” Scarlet asked her voice laced with pain. “From the moment I met him, he fought me on everything, never giving me a moment’s peace.” She looked up at the night sky. Eyes dull and faraway, “But for everything, all that pain and misery he put me through, Nagota loved me with all of himself. His very soul wrapped tight around mine the day Joshua was born.” She stopped and breathed for a moment as fresh shards of pain lashed through her, “It is truly only fitting that he leave this world with Joshua as well, for it was he who Sheppard our son into this world.”The words were shredded as if her very being was being rendered into bleeding strips of bloody flesh. Shifters rarely if ever mated for life, it was something that many viewed as old and antiquated. No true Shifter truly wanted to bind themselves to another being, whether human or another Shifter, even for the procreation of children a bond to another was not needed.When one did bind oneself to another, it was not as simple as a bite to the neck to mark them as mates, after hundreds of years, it became something deeper and more primal. The bite was present, since no Shifter has ever been able not to bite during a sexual act; blood was also a factor but a binding that made you feel as if your very soul was being ripped from your body to follow the soul of your mate. Now that was a binding that was rare and required the desire, want and acceptance of both souls.The souls would blend in ways that not even Gods could separate them, so it was accepted that when one mate died the other would soon follow. If not immediately then within days of the death, it was unheard of for a Shifter to survive the death of a bound mate. Sasha held her best friend, a woman and Shifter that had come to mean more to her then anything in the world, even more then her own children and tried to prepare herself for the reality that she might soon be holding an empty shell of a body. To prepare herself for the eventuality of living the rest of her own life with a hole within her own heart, a piece missing from her soul that nothing and no one would be able to replace or fill.As the sun began to rise, breaching the mountain line, the sky changing from dark blue to a luminescent purple, pink and reds, Sasha watched as a new day dawned. She began to mourn the loss of such a bright soul, when Scarlet moved her head and her eyes followed the suns path. “Why…?” Scarlet whispered, a frown marring her beautiful face and a single tear rolled down her cheek, her neck and was soaked into the hair upon the shoulder her head lay upon.“You are alive…” Sasha spoke in a reverent whisper; her arms loosened around the other woman, and was amazed when Scarlet pulled away and stood up.  Sasha looked at her friend with wide eyes, “How are you alive? By Gaia, you should be dead. Your bond with Nagota was too deep?” Sasha questioned as she too got to her feet, she could not pull her eyes away from the other woman.Scarlet turned her beautiful face towards her oldest friend, and looked her in the eye; her face frozen in a mask of nothingness, as if she had been carved from marble. Sasha gasped in shock as she looked Scarlet in the eyes and saw that they were no longer a beautiful chestnut brown, but had been changed to an icy blue, the color made Sasha think of the moon shining off freshly fallen snow.She reached her hand out toward Scarlet unconsciously, her heart was beating within her chest something ominous, she knew without being told that standing before her was not the friend she had known her whole life, but someone new, who now unmistakably bore the mark of Mother Luna.Scarlet’s eyes glowed with an inner light as she gazed upon Sasha. “My poor child.” She spoke, but it was not Scarlet’s voice that came forth but a voice that held a power that scared Sasha to her very core. “So, much pain, this one has within her.” The not quite Scarlet spoke and then turned her head toward the sun that was now fully in the sky. “Her very soul cries out for peace, for me to let her be with her mate.”Sasha trembled at the words, “Mother Luna…?” she asked tentatively. “Will you let her be?” as tears welled up in Sasha’s blue-green eyes, making them look like liquid emeralds.The being called Mother Luna within Scarlet, turned back to Sasha, her face and body moved like a statue brought to life. “Do you weep for her?” Mother Luna asked as she stepped up to Sasha and wiped away the tears that had begun to fall from her eyes.“Yes…” Sasha whispered, “She is the sister of my heart.” Her eyes fell closed as Mother Luna gently cupped Sasha’s face, she held her breath as a warmth flowed from the hand and into her body, soothing the pain from her soul.“Then do not mourn her loss, for I am not ready to give this bright soul to my sister. My beautiful white wolf, my chosen sentinel to walk upon Gaia. Though I am afraid my wolf will never be who you remember, for she shall be forever changed.”  As Mother Luna spoke, she placed a gentle kiss upon Sasha’s forehead and then stepped away from her.Sasha opened her eyes just as the inner light within Scarlet’s eyes went out, she watched in shock as the ice blue eyes rolled up into Scarlet’s head and she crumpled to the ground unconscious.  She hurried to her fallen friend, kneeling in the grass besides Scarlet’s head, lifted it, and cradled her head upon her lap. Her fingers gently running through the toffee colored hair of her heart sister and wondered at what Mother Luna meant by Scarlet being forever changed.

Scarlet stood at the foot of the fresh graves of her mate and youngest son, staring blankly at the tombstone. The funeral had been over for quite some time now, but she couldn’t bring herself to leave. Sasha and the others had left giving her privacy, in her grief. Tears rolled down her pale cheeks, as she stood there dressed all in black, she wanted to lay upon the dirt mound, dig her fingers into the fresh earth and scream her anger and anguish into the sky.She desperately wanted to hate Mother Luna for what she had done; she never wanted to live for eternity without Nagota beside her. It seemed that she was to forever live without a mate. The choice it seemed was taken from her; ~first Jared and now Nagota~ she thought as she stood there, she didn’t need to look in a mirror to see the changes, for she could feel them within herself. Her eyes were not the only thing Mother Luna had gifted her with; her senses were much sharper than they ever had been. She could smell the death and decay under all the fresh earth, could hear the heart beat of her son Dimitri, who stood a hundred feet away from her. She knew that if she looked hard enough she would see the pours and grains within the Marble headstone. ~How dare you leave me, Nagota, you promised me we would never be parted~ she thought as she brought her hands to her face and wiped away the tears. ~Look after our son you hear me you damned trickster. I love you and shall mourn your loss with every breath I take, my heart, my soul, my everything~Stepping gently around the graves she placed her hand upon the shared tombstone, and whispered a heartfelt goodbye to her mate and son. With a nod, she turned on her heel and strode from the grave, her back straight and her head held high. Her cheeks were dry by the time she came to a stop in front of her oldest son.Dimitri stood relaxed in a black suit; his russet brown hair was disheveled from running his fingers through it while he waited for his mother. He watched her with cool gray eyes, grief making them a little darker than normal. His heart ached with the loss of Nagota and Joshua, he would not admit it but he was still in shock at the loss. Nagota had been his father since he was thirteen, they might not have gotten a long all the time, but he had been there for Dimitri when he truly had need of a father. He just could not understand how Nagota died, he knew that a tainted Shifter had gone mad from the taint and magic and it had just erupted from the Shifter, killing anyone within range of the Shifter.The coyote shifter should have been able to sense the tainted Shifter and gotten himself and Joshua out of the way and undercover before any damage was done, it made no sense to Dimitri at all, seeing, as Nagota was a child of Loki. He never should have died. It should not have been possible, but seeing as he was standing there waiting for his mother to say her goodbyes to her mate and son it was possible.~Going to miss you both, I hope you find peace wherever you both are~ Dimitri thought as his mother turned from the graves and walked towards him. He could see the walls falling into place as she left the graves and his heart broke all over again, with the knowledge that the link he and Andrew had with their mother would now be forever cut for however long the walls were in place.  “I’ve said my peace, we can leave now.” Scarlet stated in a flat tone, and then began walking away; Dimitri smiled sadly at the graves and then turned to follow his mother. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

One hundred and Fifty years ago

Scarlet ran as fast as she could, trying to reach the young witch that had been entrusted into her care. She had left Sasha with the witch but she had no way of contacting Sasha, their normal means of communication had been cut off by the Hunters. They had used magic to not only secure the witch but also to kill her.~Fuck I really hate cities~ she thought as she ran down an alley, skirting garbage; she pushed herself harder and faster. Somehow, the Hunters had found the safe house that Scarlet had secured to protect the witch. Scarlet had only been gone for a few hours to collect some ingredients so the witch could make a blending potion to hide her magic. She reached the brownstone and was up the stairs and halfway through the door, when she heard a scream that came from the second floor. She had just made it to the second floor when a wave of elemental magic hit her full force and sent her slamming into the wall, pain coursed through her body as the magic held her up against the wall, and wave after wave of magic began to make its self at home within her.Through blurred vision she could see Sasha laying unmoving upon the dead witch, she fought to stay awake, fought the blackness that was taking over, she had to make sure Sasha was okay, she just had to… Her body slid down the wall as the blackness of unconsciousness took over and she slumped against the wall by the stairs like a lifeless doll.Hours later Scarlet woke upon a soft bed, in an unknown room, body aching and head pounding, she forced herself to sit up and take stock. Gritting her teeth against the pain, she looked around the nondescript room; she blinked her eyes as her gaze fell upon another bed that was occupied by Sasha.“Mom, you shouldn’t be up.” A young male voice spoke quietly.Scarlet looked over and saw her son Andrew walk into the room. He was dressed in a simple shirt and trousers, his dark coffee colored hair lay about his head in waves and looked more tangled then his normal waves, his honey colored eyes looked at her with sadness as he placed a bowl and towel on a table next to her bed and sat down on the bed.“Mom…” he trailed off as he looked at his mother.“Wha…what…” she tried to speak, her throat was scratchy and dry. She took the glass of water that Andrew had picked up off the table and held out to her. She took a small sip and tried again. “What happened?” she rasped.Andrew scratched the back of his neck in a nervous gesture that his father used to do. “We’re not too sure. When we got to the house, you and Sasha were still unconscious, the witch and the Hunters were dead.” He said and took the glass from her as her hand started to shake. “You probably don’t feel it yet, but you now have a whole lot of wild magic in you. I had to call in another witch to shield you because the magic wouldn’t let me or anyone else touch you.” He brought his hand up and moved strands of her hair away from her head so that she could look at it. Bright red streaks, it looked like blood was coating her hair.Scarlet raised a trembling hand to her hair, a frown of confusion on her face. “What?” she whispered.“The witch I brought in said the wild magic would leave a mark. We thought she meant like, you know the marks we receive when we passed our rites. Instead, the magic left you with bright blood streaks in your hair, it won’t come out, I’ve already tried washing it.”Scarlet tore her ice blue gaze away from the red strands of hair in her hand and looked at her son, “What about Sasha?” she asked.Andrew sighed heavily and looked over at the still sleeping woman. “She was hurt badly. She had several wounds she sustained from the Hunters, but it was the wild magic that truly hurt her.” He stopped and took a deep breath and looked back at his mother, “She will never be able to bare children again. Her womb is to badly damaged, and even with magic it can’t heal everything.”Scarlet closed her eyes, as tears began to well in them. ~Never bare children again. Oh Sasha this is all my fault, I should never have left you there~ she thought as pure agony thrummed through her as she remembered that Sasha had said her and Khaja were trying to have another child. Sasha had been so excited about maybe having a little girl. ~I will never forgive myself for this~ was the last thing she thought as her eyes rolled up into the back of her head, and fell unconscious once more. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Twenty-Seven years ago

“You did what?” Scarlet exclaimed into the phone, as she paced back and forth within her temporary office. The ground breaking for the house she designed was earlier that morning, she would still be there had Eric not informed her that Sasha had called and said it was an emergency. So, she had left the site to call Sasha back in privacy.‘You heard me, I don’t think I have to really repeat myself.’ Sasha replied dryly.“Why…why did you do this? Damn it Sash, Mother Luna always demands a price.” Scarlet murmured, as her other hand kept running through her hair in agitation.

‘I know this. Despite what you might think I did this for me, not Khaja. I really want a little girl.’

Scarlet sat down forcefully in the old office chair, it squeaked from her weight, “Did it work?” she whispered.There was a little static over the silence then, ‘Yes. But I didn’t really call you to tell you just this. You know for like the last two hundred years or so you’ve been telling me that I should ignore Khaja’s attentions and pick someone else.’“Yes, Sash, I know, I’ve been saying it for freaking ever now, and your point is?”‘Jesus you really are a bitch, Scar. You were right, you’ve been right this whole time and I have been willfully blind.’ Sasha said with a tremor in her voice.Scarlet stilled her whole body tense as a live wire, her hand tightened on the phone. “What happened?” she asked, willing her body and magic to calm down.‘He doesn’t know yet what I did, and I want to keep it that way. I…’ Sasha sighed, ‘I saw him do something that I cannot bring myself to repeat. It horrified me that much, that I just… I didn’t really think Scar, I just packed a bag and left as fast as I could. I don’t know what to do here Scarlet, this was always your thing.’“Okay, are you still in Dubai?”

‘Yes, I’m in some seedy run down motel. I need to get out of this country.’

“Yes, yes you do.” Scarlet said she picked up a pen and began writing on a blank piece of paper that was on the desk. “I will get a hold of a friend of mine. I can have him there by tomorrow night at the earliest, I trust him. He will take you somewhere safe; Khaja will look to me first when he finds you gone.”‘Okay.’ Sasha whispered.“What about the boys?” Scarlet asked, “Do I need to make arrangements for them too?”

‘No. I left a message with Ze’el’s friend, girlfriend or whatever the hell she is to him, anyway I told her to tell him that I was just done. He will know what that means and get a hold of Rajnish; they will then go from there. They know that whatever happens that they should come to you.’

“Good. I have to go, I need to make some calls. I will call you back when I have everything set to go.” Scarlet said.

‘Alright, love you sister of my heart.’

“Stay safe my hearts sister.” Scarlet replied and then hung up the phone. She sat there for a moment gathering her thoughts, she had known that Sasha would one day see Khaja for what he truly was but she did not think that it would happen like this. She shook her head, then stood from the chair and walked out of the small office and into the main room of the small little box of a house she was living in.Krilen lay sprawled out asleep on the ratty old couch that lay against one wall, his chest rising and falling with every breath. She smiled as she walked over to him and tapped his scruffy cheek. His toffee colored eyes snapped open, his gaze narrowing on Scarlet’s ice blue eyes.“Yea?” he asked, voice thick with sleep as he sat up, his hand scratching at the beard he seemed to be growing because he couldn’t really be bothered to shave.“I need you in Dubai, like last week. Sasha finally left that monster.” She said while she scratched his head right behind his left ear that he always seemed to need scratched when he first woke up.“I can do that.” He spoke softly, his head tilting into her fingers, eyes half lidded, “Is it just her or are the boys coming as well?”“Just her…”she trailed off, “She made an offering to Mother Luna.”Krilen’s head snapped up, eyes wide and alert looking at Scarlet as if she had two heads. “What?”“Mother Luna accepted the offering. Sasha is pregnant.” Scarlet whispered to him, almost afraid that if she spoke it too loudly something would happen. She could tell that Krilen got what she was trying to do, his beautiful eyes watching her with a calculated look that showed how truly sharp his mind was. It was for that very reason that she trusted him with every secret.He stood up from the couch as her hand fell away from his head; he just blinked at her as everything began to piece together in his head as plans began to form. “I’ll have to take one of the others with me, which will you prefer and how much am I to tell?” his voice utterly calm as if what she had just told him was nothing of importance.She looked away from him and out the large picture window that was above the couch, watching the forest as she thought about his question.  “Take Eric, he’s been asking for more and I think he would keep my secrets as tightly as you do.” She said and then looked at him with a wry smile, “He does have the mark to be a true peace keeper among our pack.”Krilen smiled widely, “That he does” he said and then stepped away from her an walked over to his bag that he had dropped next to the office door when he had shown up in the middle of the night two nights ago. “Do I have permission to do what I feel is necessary?”“You have my full consent. Keep her safe.” Scarlet said, authority ringing in her tone.He shouldered his bag, slipped his feet into his boots not bothering to tie them, “With my life Alpha.” He said as he looked her in the eye, then nodded his head and walked to the front door and left the small piece of shit house, he came to a stop next to a old but well tuned Harley. He secured the bag, tucked the laces into his boots, climbed onto the bike, kicked starting it then sped away. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Eric leaned casually against the wall of a seedy hostel, his dark seal brown hair was mused and a tangle sexy mess atop his head, his cool gray eyes, rimmed in kohl, scanned the area. While he played the part of drop dead gorgeous rent boy, so Krilen could safely retrieve Sasha from this shit hole of a country.He jutted his hips forward as a good-looking man walked by him, and threw the man a kiss. ~oh yea, you know you wanna fuck me~ he thought, just as Krilen and a woman dressed as an Iranian walked out of the building. Her blue-green eyes looked at him with a sharpness he should have expected since he didn’t think Scarlet could stand being around anyone who couldn’t keep up with her. No matter how long the friendship.He kept watch as Krilen helped her into a black nondescript vehicle. Krilen walked around to the driver’s side, they made eye contact for a few seconds, which was enough time to convey a whole conversation before he disappeared from view and the vehicle drove away.“Oh, yea baby… This is gonna be fun.” Eric whispered to himself, he waited there for twenty more minutes to make sure no one was following them, then pushed himself away from the wall with his shoulders and began a slow sexy swagger down the street and turned a corner. Making sure no one was paying too much attention; he picked up a helmet with a reflective face shield, pulled it over his head, and secured it into place as he threw his leg over the beautiful Ducati. She roared to life with a gorgeous roar and purred for him, before he pulled away and sped toward the airport.  ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Twenty-Six years ago

Scarlet stood hiding in shadows across the street from a small two-bedroom house, with a white picket fence. The sun had set an hour ago, and the occupant of the house had turned on the lights, so Scarlet could see into the house clearly. She watched as a beautiful woman with long silky black hair cradled a tiny baby in her arms. Scarlet wanted so badly to cross the street, walk into that small house, look upon the beauty, and wonder at what Mother Luna had given to Sasha in the form of a beautiful baby girl.“She has red hair and green eyes.” A deep but soft male voice spoke from her left. Scarlet turned her head and looked at Krilen.“Yeah?” she spoke in wonder.Krilen smiled a little sadly at her, “I sent Eric home. I will be here until Jared shows up. Are you sure you want Jared to do this?” he asked.Scarlet turned back toward the house. “I’m sure. Jared wants to do this.” She said quietly.Krilen stepped up next to her, his shoulder brushing hers in comfort. “I know how much you would prefer that it were you, but we can’t risk it.”She nodded her head in agreement, “I know.” She replied, “Has she named her yet?”He looked at Scarlet through the corner of his eyes, “No, I was asked if you might name her, since you cannot be here.”Scarlet gasped sharply, her eyes wide as she watched Sasha. “Alexis. We shall call her Alexis.” She whispered.Krilen smiled, with a sharp nod of his head he took his leave of Scarlet and walked across the street and into the house. Scarlet stood there long enough to watch as Krilen told Sasha the name, and saw as the sister of her heart look out the window, with a bright smile on her face Sasha nodded her head. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Twenty-Three years ago

A tall man, with short black hair slicked back and graying at the temples, black eyes and dressed in a slick business suit stood outside a small house. He held a sleeping three-year-old girl with long fire red hair in his arms. One of his men had given her a sedative to make her sleep; he didn’t need her fighting him. He smiled as he watched three of his men set fire to the house.A black limo pulled up in front of him and came to a stop. The driver got out, walked around the front so that he could open the door for his boss. Khaja stepped into the limo, never once letting his daughter go. He sat waiting for a few minutes before another man climbed in and sat across from him.“Well?” Khaja inquired his voice a deep rumbling rasp of power as he gazed out the window and watched the house burn, a small sad smile on his face as his fingers gently petted his daughter’s hair.The man leaned back into the leather of the limo bench, he was dressed completely in black and a wickedly sinister smirk was on his face. “Dead,” he spoke in a soft tone, “We saturated the house. That bitch will burn, by the time the humans get here to put it out it will be too late. I wouldn’t be too surprised if the fire jumps to the other houses before the night is out.”“Good.” Was all Khaja said.The other man rolled his shoulders, climbed out of the limo, and stood on the curb as the limo pulled away and drove off. The man just stood there watching the flames eat at the house, black smoke bloomed out of the windows as glass shattered from the heat and pressure, spraying shards everywhere.  A low rumble started in his chest, and then bubbled out of his mouth as a rolling laugh, as he watched his three minions disperse into the shadows as the sound of sirens came from far off in the distance.~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Three wolves, a white wolf with red splashed across the muzzle, a gray almost white wolf and a pure black wolf, ran as fast as they could on four legs in the predawn light. They came to a stop next to a tall man with seal brown hair that was a mess and his cool gray eyes stared sadly at a house that was a blackened skeleton of a house. His blue jeans and white shirt were black in places from going into the wreckage to see if there were any survivors. He smelled like soot, ash and sweat as he stood there on the sidewalk.The white wolf padded up next to him and rubbed its head and shoulders along the man’s leg, and whined as it looked up at him with pleading blue eyes. The man looked down at the wolf, then over to the other two wolves with it, then back to the white. “I’m sorry,” his voice trailed off. His hand falling down on top of the whites’ head, to give it silent strength and comfort. “Come,” he said and walked away from the burned down house, and over to a light blue minivan.The wolves followed him and waited as he slid the side door open, he waved his hand at the white wolf.  The wolf looked at him, then turned toward the inside of the van, and just held still, frozen in shock. Sasha lay wrapped in a ratty old blanket, her chest rising and falling with each breath she took. The wolf didn’t wait, it just jumped into the van and in a span of a second shifted from wolf to human, Scarlet knelt between the seats naked as the day she was born, her hand came to rest on Sasha’s chest through the blanket.Scarlet closed her eyes as tears slowly ran down her face. After a few moments, Scarlet moved her head to look at the other wolves and human standing there waiting. “We need to take her to a safe haven, and no one must ever know.” She spoke with authority, “I can heal her, but only if we hurry.”“Get in Jared, Krilen, I’ll drive.” Eric said as he walked around the van to the driver’s side and climbed into the van. The wolves jumped into the back of the van, and Scarlet slammed the door closed, as Eric started the van and without looking sped away from the curb and the blackened husk of what once had been a happy home.Eric drove for four hours until they reached the safe house that Scarlet had picked out for just this very outcome. He drove the van into the garage, turning it off he got out to close the garage door. When he had the door secure, he turned and saw Scarlet step from the van with Sasha held gently within her arms. From where he stood, he could feel the magic pouring from Scarlet as she kept the other woman alive.Scarlet walked toward the door that lead into the house just as she was about to shuffle Sasha in her arms to open the door when a large hand reached around her and opened the door. Scarlet looked over her shoulder and saw Jared, with a grateful smile she stepped into the house and walked as fast as she felt comfortable, to the only bedroom inside the small one bedroom house.She laid Sasha down upon the double sized bed, she grit her teeth when that little bit of movement caused Sasha to cry out in pain.  “Shh…I got you sister mine, I will make it better.” She whispered and began to peel the blanket away from her friend. As she worked in methodical silence, she heard movement by the door, pausing in her work she turned her head and saw that both Jared and Krilen were dressed in sweat pants that they had found in the only closet in the house. Neither men spoke a word, just stood there as silent sentinels.Turning back to Sasha, Scarlet held her breath as she saw the true damage done. The clothing was burned and melted to her skin, the places that had not been covered by clothing the skin was black and was just sliding off the muscle. Her hair was completely burnt off on one side of her head and left half her face burnt to the bone. Scarlet bit back a curse at the small cries of pain that were coming from Sasha.Without taking her eyes from Sasha, she spoke. “There is a black bag hidden under the sink in the kitchen, I need it, bring it to me.” Her hands steady as she began whispering words to low for anyone to hear. As the magic began to work, she slowly began to peel the clothing from the tissue and muscle. The bag she had requested was placed open and on the bed within easy reach. She continued her work for a few minutes when a large bowl with warm water was placed on the side table without her asking for it, and her eyes flickered up and met the warm chocolate eyes of Jared and she smiled gratefully to him.“We will leave you to your work.” He spoke softly to her, and then he and Krilen left the room, closing the door behind them.Three days later Scarlet stepped out of the bedroom, closing the door behind her and then leaning against it. Her hair was matted with sweat to her face and neck. She had found a large t-shirt in one of the dresser drawers, it fell to mid thigh and clung to her body with sweat. Exhaustion was in every line of her body, she was so very tired. She had never used that much magic since she had received it, and it was taking its toll out on her, with a deep breath to steady herself she pushed away from the door and walked down the small hallway and into the living room/kitchen.Krilen lay sprawled in a ratty old lazy boy chair, head tilted to the side and she smiled as she realized that he was asleep. Turning her head she saw Jared outside in the backyard, standing barefoot in the grass, he was a giant sentry standing there. His beautiful curly brunet hair was tussled about his head, he was shirtless, and his strong muscled shoulders and back flexed as he could feel her looking at him, gray sweat pants hung low on his hips.With a sigh to herself, Scarlet walked across the room and stepped out the open door to stand at his side. At 6’6 Jared towered over her, and barefoot she barely came up to his sternum, she didn’t say a word as one of his arms moved and wrapped around her pulling her into him, forcing her to change position as his other arm wrapped around her. She shoved her face into his smooth chest and finally let the tears go.

Three men stood within the small haven, Scarlet had procured to heal Sasha. Scarlet stood within the hallway up against the wall looking at the three of the four men she trusted most in the world. Jared and Krilen were now fully dressed in jeans and t-shirts, and Eric was dressed in clean clothing. They all looked at her waiting for her to explain what they were to do next.She took a breath and opened her mouth to speak, only to have Krilen beat her to it. “While you were in there working on her, Eric and I returned to the house. We managed to make it look as if Sasha truly did die within the fire. It was not easy in anyway, but we found some of her charred flesh and clothing and proceeded to leave a scent trail to an unmarked grave not too far from the house. If anyone comes sniffing around they will believe that she is dead. We also know that from here on out, to the rest of the world she is dead.”Scarlet smiled at him, “You always did know how to read my mind.” She said and ran a hand through her hair, trying to untangle the mess; she really did need to take a shower. “Krilen, I need you to find the boys and inform them of what is going on. I’m pretty sure at this point they know some of it, but they need to know all of it.” She closed her eyes as the rest of what she was going to say rolled around in her head with sadness. “Eric, I would like it if you will stay here with Sasha. She is mostly healed, the magic will take another day to finish and then you both need to go to ground. The only time you will surface is when and if I call you, no one else but me. Understood?”Eric frowned a little, but nodded his head in consent. Krilen walked over to the counter that separated the living room from the kitchen and picked up the phone that was sitting there, dialed a number and then began speaking to whomever in fluent German. Scarlet watched Krilen for a moment, then turned and looked at Jared.Jared just looked right back at her, like Krilen, he also had an uncanny way of knowing exactly what she wanted or needed, and at this very moment, Krilen was having fake but official papers drawn up so that Sasha could disappear. “Just ask it, I will not say no.” Jared said softly.She moved away from the wall, what she was going to ask him was hard. Maybe not hard for him but it would be hard for her, Scarlet always felt safer keeping those she slept with closer to home, but for this she could only have someone she truly trusted. “Stay with her, find her brothers, work with them and do whatever it takes to keep her safe.” She spoke softly, coming to a stop in front of Jared. Refusing to allow the tears that were brimming in her eyes to fall.His warm brown eyes met hers, as he smiled softly, “It will be as you desire. No harm shall come to her while I watch her, my Alpha.” He said, he then lend down an brushed his lips against hers in a soft and chaste kiss, and with a whisper of power shadows crawled across the floor, they curled around his feet and up his long legs. Scarlet never once moved as the shadows fully engulfed him and in a blink, he was gone. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

The night sky was slowly fading into dawn as the sky lightened from black to pale pinks and blues. Lexie walked through the back doors, her fire red hair a shield around her face, keeping what she was feeling to herself and from everyone else. She paused for a few seconds to make note of Nathaniel and Eric still sitting at the kitchen table, she didn’t say a word to either man, and continued on her way to her bedroom. Once there she closed the door silently and slide the lock into place. The tightly held grip on her emotions slowly began to loosen as she walked to her bed, and by the time she laid herself out face down upon the bed, she had lost the battle with them and was sobbing uncontrollably into her pillow.She had spent years trying to remember a mother she knew nothing about, had wanted so desperately to have a mother like all the other kids. She learned long ago never to even speak of a mother around her father. He had hit her once when she was six, when like all six year olds she had wanted to know why she didn’t have a mother. It was the first time he had ever hit her but it would not be the last time that she would feel her father’s wrath. Whenever he was angry with her for something she always never meant to do and he was punishing her, whether it was with a thorough beating or a round of punishing exercise. She would pretend she was far away and living with a mother who loved her, one that would play with her and always cuddle her whenever she was scared or hurt.Her whole life, she had always felt apart from the world and everyone, even when she had shifted for the first time in her life, she still felt apart. It was as if nothing she ever did was worth anything. She tried and tried and her father and other members of their Clan always seemed to shut her down. Her father would dress her and she would do the pageants and still managed to hold honors in school. She tried so very hard to cut herself off from everyone who could hurt her. Learning that you couldn’t trust people, whether they were human or shifter, because they were always working for her father.Lexis rolled onto her back, her green eyes red and puffy, the tears had dried on her face. It had been a very long time since she had ever truly cried. Her heart hurt, it just hurt, like a sliver of ice was sticking out of it. “My whole life…she knew…I…” she whispered to herself, tears welling up in her eyes again. Her hand came up and rubbed her eyes violently, a growl rumbled in her chest. She rolled onto her side, pulling a pillow from under her head. Hugging it to herself, she shoved her face into it as she again cried out her anguish at the truly unfairness of it all as memories of her life flashed through her mind.

A small tiny hand reached up from under a heavy blanket and rubbed sleepily at her eyes. A small girl with fire red hair slowly sat up in a child sized bed, blinking emerald green eyes trying to wake up. She felt so sleepy. She frowned when she realized she was not in her room, this was not her bed.The walls were a pale blue with painted pictures of animals and princesses. The bed she was in was a pink princess bed with pink and blue ruffled bedding, on top was a white heavy blanket with cats and kittens on it. She shoved the blanket and covers away and saw that she was dressed in a pale pink princess nightgown.“Momma?” she called out quietly a small quaver in her voice belied the fear that was starting to take hold. “Momma?” she called out again, only a little louder.  She scooted to the edge of the bed and slid off, her feet soundless as they hit the floor.“Mom…ma?” she called again, her voice breaking on the word. She looked around and saw a door, so she moved slowly towards it almost afraid to. She sniffed a little as her small hand reached for the doorknob; she had to stand on her tiptoes to reach it fully and turned it only to find that it wouldn’t turn all the way.She dropped back down to her feet, she frowned at the door, “’ocked?” she whispered as her eyes filled up with tears. “Mommieeee…!” she screamed at the top of her lungs as she moved away from the door. Her green eyes flicking around the room for a place to hide. This was not her room, her mommy wasn’t here, she needed to hide. She found a spot between the wall and the dresser that was next to the bed, she ran over and squeezed herself into the small space. Her back pressed up against the wall, she brought her knees up to her chest and she wrapped her arms around them as the tears fell from her eyes. The sound of a lock being turned and the door opening had little Lexie holding very still, she tried really hard to be small and quiet.“Alexis?” a smooth male voice called her name.Little Lexie had never heard this voice before and she pushed herself back into the wall hoping it would swallower her like the thing in the bathroom.“Alexis?” the voice called again and this time there was an underlying layer of anger to it.She squeezed her eyes shut as she began to tremble in fear, she never heard the man move, or see the shadow fall over her nor the hand that reached in and grabbed her arm. When the large hand wrapped tight around her arm, her eyes snapped open and she screamed and screamed as she was pulled out from her hidey-hole.Once she was out from behind the dresser the man picked her up with both hands as she started to kick. Her mommy had always told her that screaming as loud as she could would hurt anyone’s ears and that if she kept kicking and wiggling then at least the bad man would be hurt.“Alexis, enough!” The man snapped out a growl rumbling along with the words.Lexie froze absolutely still as the power of the command washed over her, tears spilled down her cheeks as the man roughly carried her over to the bed and placed her on it. She looked up at the man, as she wiped at her teary eyes, still sniffling.“Where is mommy?” she asked softly, her bottom lip trembling as she wiped off the tears and snot that was dripping from her nose.The man knelt down in front of her. Her green eyes locked oh him, he was much bigger than the nice man that was always with her and mommy. His eyes looked scary and he had whiskers that made him look like a very mean man.“That woman you think of as your mother is not your mother. Your mother died when you were born, and that woman came in and stole you from me.” The scary man said to her.Tears welled up in her eye. “I want mommy.” She whispered softly.“Your mother is dead, Alexis. Now, I am your father and I have been looking for you for a very long time. Now stop your crying.” He said rather harshly then turned his head.There was a young man standing in the doorway with dark brown hair and light brown eyes, he was wearing a t-shirt and black jeans. Lexie shrank back from the look of anger on the other man’s face.The man who said was her father stood up and turned to the other mean man. “Kyota, make sure she is dressed and ready to go.” He said and without looking back walked out of the room, leaving her alone with the other man.

Black shiny Mary Jane shoes slapped the polished stone walkway as Lexie ran as fast as her legs could carry her. Her dark blue blazer was unbuttoned and slapping at her arms as she ran. The Professor had held her after class to talk to her about her drawings; she had stood there nervously in her school uniform, trying to keep her fingers from clenching her pleated skirt and wrinkling it. The whole time the Professor spoke, her gaze kept flicking to the clock behind him.As the seconds ticked by the more and more anxious she got. She didn’t want to be rude to her Professor, because then he would tell her father, but she was going to be late. Her heart was beating fast, and when the Professor let her go, she flew out of the classroom barely grabbing her backpack as she ran out the door.She weaved through people that were on the pathway, her heart was beating a mile a minute as she flew. She turned a corner and slammed hard into someone, she bounced off them and she hit the side of a building scraping her palm before she fell to the ground. As her left knee hit the ground, she bit her lip as she felt her tights tear as the skin on her knee was shredded and blood welled up from the badly scraped knee.“Oh, damn it! I’m so sorry.” A woman said, as she tried to help Lexie up off the ground to only have the helpful gesture brushed off as Lexie picked herself up. Her knee and hand hurt like hell on fire, but she was late. ~Oh Gaia, father is gonna be mad~ she thought as she pushed away from the woman and ran as best she could with her knee hurting the way it was.  She could feel blood trickle down her leg, but she didn’t care. It wouldn’t matter.She slowed down long enough to push open the door to Coventry Inc, the secretary and guard at the main desk saw her come into the building. The secretary half stood from her chair at the sight of Lexie, but Lexie shook her head as she passed the desk. Swinging the backpack off one shoulder, she dug in the bag and pulled out a small plastic card.Limping passed several elevators until she got to an elevator that was separate from the others. She stood on her tip toes and swiped her card through the card reader. There was a beep and then the doors opened. She stuffed the card back into her bag and stepped inside. She didn’t have to push any buttons since this was the only elevator that went to the Penthouse.She leaned against the back wall of the elevator and cried silently, tears rolling down her cheeks. Her head bowed so that her hair fell around her face to shield her face from the camera she knew was in there. She could hide her face but she knew it was pointless to hide the damage done to her uniform. There was blood all down her left leg, the gray tights on her knee was torn and shredded. The scrap on the palm of her right hand had stopped bleeding, but it throbbed and seemed to have a heartbeat of its own.As the elevator dinged, she rubbed her face dry as she stepped out of the elevator, her head down, but her eyes were up so she could see where she was walking. She swallowed when she saw Richard one of her father’s guards standing on the outside of the door, she knew he was waiting there for her.“Your father has been waiting.” Was all the man said as he opened the door for her.Lexie walked through the door, walked into the living room where her father stood at the windows looking out at his city.“You are late.” He stated.“Sorry, father.” She whispered.Khaja turned around and looked at her. His face went stormy with rage as he saw the state that she was in and before she could blink he was across the room, a loud resounding slap rang through the house as did her sudden cry of pain as she fell to the floor. Her uninjured hand over the side of her face that was fire red, tears welling up in her eyes and spilling down her cheeks.“Look at you. Not only are you late, you are filthy.” Her father said as he squatted down in front of her. “You will stop your crying now, and you will clean yourself up. You are a Coventry and this is not how you behave. Now get.”Lexie scrambled off the floor and hurried to her room, she didn’t need it pointed out to her. She heard the threat in his voice.

“Excuse me, Professor Giles, sir?” Lexie called softly, “I don’t feel good.”Professor Giles an old but reliable English man who was the fencing instructor, turned towards Lexie when her words registered. He really looked at her as she stood there in front of him. She was wearing her fencing pads, the helmet under one arm and her rapier in the other hand. She was chalk white, her eyes were glassy and distant. He reached out a hand to feel her forehead and found that she was clammy with sweat and ice cold.“Let us get you to the nurses office.” He said with an English accent. As they were walking through the halls, Lexie collapse to the floor. His eyes widened in some fear, as he quickly knelt down and picked her up in his arms and carried her to Nurse Kay. She was ever so light and felt so breakable for a girl as tall and muscular as she already was when he held her gently in his arms. Her head lolled uselessly on his shoulder as one arm hung down in front of them, the other resting against her chest.Nurse Kay, a kind older Irish woman, who ran the small sick room, was distraught at the sight of Lexie. She directed Professor Giles to lay her on the cot against the back wall, already set up with a pillow and wool blanket. Kay started taking off the fencing outfit after the Professor left the room. Lexie looked like she was being constricted by the pads and gear and it’s then she sees a dark purple mark over Lexie’s tiny chest, right over her heart and finger shaped bruises on her arms, the signs of abuse. Lexie is just so out of it that she can’t even try and brush the horror away at what the nurse is seeing.Lexie comes around briefly and groggily as Kay shifts her on the cot, looking for more signs of abuse. Kay can see some older bruising all down her back and across the swell of her tiny buttocks. She says nothing, not showing Lexie that she has seen what she sees. The little girl whimpers throughout most of her exam, trying valiantly to hold in any signs of discomfort. Kay feels a rage swell inside her at how this sweet girl had been mistreated. Kay hides it well as she gets her dressed in a pair of scrubs and a soft top then gently helped her to lay down.After she was sure she was comfortable as she could be, all tucked in on the cot just as gently. As soon as Lexie’s head hits the pillow Kay watched as all the life in her left and she passed out. Kay quickly reached forward and checked for a pulse, sighing gratefully as her fingers found one, slow but there. She turned abruptly from the bed, with one last glance at the slumbering girl and snatched her phone off the desk, immediately calling the Headmaster only to be told that he is in a meeting with the board of directors, she swore. They then told her the Deputy Headmaster was in, a man named Michael comes instead.Jared walks into the Nursing room and Nurse Kay looks at him with a frown. “You’re new?” she comments. Jared smiles, “I’m just a sub until a suitable replacement can be found, since the last man quit suddenly.” He said, not telling her that he had a hand in the man’s disappearance.Nurse Kay tells him about Lexie as she walks over to where Lexis lay asleep. At first Kay doesn’t want to, because his eyes grew hard and dark when she explained what she found.Jared walks past the nurse and sits down on the bed, the nurse several feet away watching as he gently pulls the blankets back and lifts little Lexie’s shirt and sees the bruises, new and old. He hides his anger well as he checks her forehead. To Nurse Kay it looks like he is checking for a fever, but he is actually using his powers to feel Lexie’s aura, and he realizes quickly that Lexie isn’t just sick, but actually close to death.  He closes his eyes for a second as he feels along the tether and just knows that it is a magical tie to Khaja, and that it is being used. Khaja is draining his daughter of life.He slowly lets his own magic flow into Lexie as much as he dares to. Lexie’s face relaxes as she sighs in her sleep. He tucks the blankets around her lovingly, before he stands and says, “She just needs some rest. I will speak with her father, since he already knows that Lexie hasn’t been feeling well for a while.”Kay nods her head in understanding as Jared walks out of the room as the door clicks shut behind him. He walks down the hallway slowly, releasing power as he walks, he is just radiating fury, he is just fucking pissed. His mind running rampant with ideas of what to do.

 ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Tien stood outside Lexie’ door, wearing his ‘Keep Calm and call the Winchesters’ shirt, with stone washed blue jeans and black converse shoes. He could hear Abby moving around in the guest bedroom behind him, she would stay in there until Krilen or Scarlet demanded that she be present. His mom he knew was asleep since he was in the kitchen when she finally left the basement after what sounded like a fight with Jessica. At this moment he didn’t care too much, he just needed to make sure Lexis was okay, she had been locked in her room for little over twelve hours now and he had some stuff to tell her.He knew she was awake however, he had heard her moving around and sniffling as if she had been crying, when he had knocked on the door, silence met his knock. So he knew she was in there, it was just a matter of getting her out of her room and to come with him. Tien placed his left hand flat against the door, as if it could give comfort, his head fell forward till his forehead was touching the door. “Lex, I have something to show you. It’s really important. I need you to come with me. Please.” He whispered his voice almost begging her to come out. He stood there for what felt like hours, when he heard her moving and then the door was unlocked and slowly opened. Lexie’ eyes were red and puffy from an all night crying jag; he saw that she had changed her clothes. “I know you don’t want to but, I really want to show you something.” He shuffled his feet as she just looked at him.“Then show me.” She said tonelessly, her voice raspy.Tien sighed, “It’s not in the house.” He moved his head towards the guest room when he heard movement behind the closed door. “I want you to come with me.” He said quietly.Lexie sighed at the pleading look on his face, then turned away from the door and grabbed her shoes and sat down on the bed to put them on. “Fine,” she said when she was done.Tien smiled at her and stepped back away from the door, she fell into step with him as they walked down the hallway and the stairs.  Lexie stopped once she reached the bottom of the stairs and into the kitchen. Tien looked up and saw why she had stopped, sitting on a bar stool at the kitchen counter was Bastion.“Hey Bash,” Tien said cheerfully as he walked over and gave the blond lion a hug. “When did you get here? Did Matt come with?” he rattled off quickly; he hadn’t seen Bastion or Matthew in a while. “Oh, this is Lexie, she moved in like last week, Lex this is Bastion.” He waved between Bastion and Lexie.“Hi,” Lexis said very softly, not taking her eyes off Bastion.Bastions green yellow eyes sparkled from under his blond hair. “Hey.” He said to her then looked at Tien. “We got in while you were sleeping kid, and Matt is around here somewhere with Tevin.”“Cool…um, well I’m gonna go show Lexie what my dad built me, so if we’re needed just holler, ‘kay?” he said, and grabbed Lexie’ wrist and pulled her along behind him through the house and out the front door.“Where are we going, Tien?” she asked as she allowed him to pull her.He let her go when they got to the garage. The path to his hideaway was nestled against the side of the garage and wrapped around it, leading straight back to the edge of the property. The path itself was red cedar chips that when you walked on them they crunched underfoot and sent up a crisp woodsy smell. Along the path solar lights, pewter in color were periodically strewn on either side to lead the way at night. Lexie followed Tien along this path, mature and young trees a like threw shade across the path making the air cool and refreshing. The closer they got to the hideaway the thicker the trees became until they created a dense canopy over the path that filtered out almost all light.“My dad… he was pretty epic.” He said as they reached the end of the path, the canopy suddenly stopped and a beautifully built log cabin was directly in front of them. “This is mine.” he replied and walked toward the cabin, he reached out and unlocked the door, pushing it open when Lexie was close enough and stepped into a space cut off from the world.He watched Lexie as she closed the door behind her; she had a frown on her face as she looked around the room. It was all one big room, the bathroom was a toilet and a round shower stall sectioned off in a corner with just a drape with metal rings on a bowed bar set into the walls. There was a large battered couch against a far wall and an entertainment center set up against another wall. One whole wall was nothing but photographs.“What…” she trailed off as she moved closer to the wall of pictures. There were hundreds of pictures taped to the wall, some small, some large, mostly color pictures but there were a few black and white pictures thrown in there as well. The entire wall was a mosaic of photographs; Lexie’s green eyes darted from picture to picture, absorbing everything. There were several pictures of people she recognized, and her heart beat furiously, she didn’t understand why they would be there at all.“You know how I said my dad died when I was six?” he said off handedly, moving to stand next to her, his shoulder brushing against hers. “It’s what we tell the world. It’s easier to say he’s dead then say that my dad is on a covert mission that pretty much is so top secret that no one can know.” He said softly. “When I was maybe eight, mom brought me out here and said that this was my place and no one would bother me in this place. She said my dad built it out of shadows and only one who has blood of shadows can enter.” He shrugged his shoulder when she looked over at him with wide eyes.“I was twelve when I found a photo of my dad.” He pointed to a side table next to the couch, a small 5x7-picture frame with a picture of a handsome man smiling for the camera; it was the only thing on the table. “I’ve had that picture for ages. I fell into the world of hacking around the time mom adopted me. I was doing some pretty crazy shit, and well I have that picture on one of my blogs and someone sent me a message and said that I must be wrong because they had sat next to him on a bus.” He turned back towards the wall. “I went digging and found that my dad was very much alive. Mom made me swear an oath never to say those words aloud.”“Why would she do that?” Lexie demanded anger clear in her voice as her eyes scanned the wall. There were hundreds of pictures of the man she could only identify as his dad, some of Eric and many with a woman she had never seen before, there were many of Stevens as well.Tien stepped up to the wall reached up and pulled a picture of a woman with black silky hair, the picture was taken on a beach somewhere, she couldn’t tell from the small image where. “This,” he held the picture out to her, “is your mom.” He said.Lexis held onto the picture, her hand shaking a little. Her chest was tight as she slowly let her breath out when she realized that she was holding it, tears welled up in her eyes as she looked at a picture of her mother for the first time in her life. Lexie lifted her head and looked at Tien, “How do you know?”He gave her a half smile and moved down the wall to another picture and pulled it off and held it out for her. It was taken during the day, her mother was sitting at a picnic table that was filled with food, Eric was sprawled next to her mother, Tien’s dad was across the table and another man with dark messy hair sat next to his dad that seemed to spark a feeling of recognition. His finger hovered over each person, “Your mom, my dad, Eric and that is Krilen. You haven’t met him yet, but I’ve known him my whole life.” He said.“Your dad and Krilen, you said?” she looked up to make sure she had the right name, “I’ve seen them before. Not around my fathers’ house or building, but around my school and apartment before I moved into the house father gave me.” She ran her thumb gently over the image of her mother, “When was this taken do you know?”“The best I can figure was about two years ago. I had to do some serious hacking to get around Matt’s security, trust me, when Matt says it’s locked up tight he really means it.” ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Fabien stood in the morning sunlight, dressed only in a pair of worn torn jeans, his hair was doing that sexy bed head thing again as he tilted his head back to face the sun. He was just basking in the warm golden light, along his back and chest were fading scratch marks from a night of passion. On the left side of his neck was a fresh and slowly healing bite mark, he let his fingers of his right hand graze the mark. It had been a very long time in his and Stevens relationship that Stevens had felt the need to mark him. ~One day it will be permanent~ he thought.It always seemed to be Fabien who was always marking Stevens; it made his skin tingle in remembered pleasure. He didn’t want to actually leave this small bubble that he had managed to carve out for him and Stevens, but he knew his lover well. Stevens would be rolling out of bed soon and once he was dressed, the man would want to start his search for the wayward daughter of Coventry.  He sighed deeply, turning away from the sun he slowly made his way back to the hotel room. He never saw the black shape that agilely followed him; it was nothing more than a wisp of smoke and shadow along the ground.Opening the door, he couldn’t quite hide the smile that bloomed upon his face as he saw that Stevens was still asleep in bed. He lay sprawled on his stomach, one hand under his head while the other was stretched out across the bed as if he had been looking for Fabien even while in slumber. The very thin sheet lay low upon his mates’ hips, just giving a hint at how firm his ass was.Fabien closed the door behind him and walked to the bed, where he slowly crawled up the bed and Stevens body, he draped himself over him. He felt a soft purr rumble through Stevens chest, he laid his head over his mates, cheek to cheek, feeling contentment settle within him.“And you say I am the sensualist.” Fabien whispered, as his mate slowly stretched under him.“That’s because you are,” murmured Stevens, a smile on his face.Fabien heaved himself up and off the bed, “Come on, we need to hit the road.”Stevens gave a full body stretch with a deep yawn and then slid out of the bed, feet silent upon the carpet as he walked naked into the bathroom to shower and dress.Forty minutes later they were in the SUV driving down a dirt road, a deep dense forest lined it, throwing shadows small and large across it. The music was turned down low as they discussed what they were going to do next when out of the forest, a black shape slammed into the side of the SUV sending it into a tailspin that had it rolling upon itself then slamming into a thick tree, wrapping around the massive tree. The crunch and pop of settling glass and metal was heard echoing throughout the trees.The SUV, with a protesting groan, fell back from the tree. It made a strange U shape as it settled on its roof. Stevens was bleeding from his head that hit the steering wheel seconds before the air bag deployed, the pressure from that sent him into unconsciousness. Fabien was barely conscious, his vision dimming; he slowly turned his head when he heard something move outside the SUV.A large black wolf stepped into his line of sight, he wasn’t too sure if he was truly seeing what he was seeing. He had never, in his life seen a wolf that black or that large before, as the wolf calmly stepped closer to Fabien’s window. He had a strange feeling the huge beast was actually looking at him, the creatures cerulean blue eyes shone bright and intelligent in its face as it peered at him. The wolf opened its mouth, lips peeling back into a snarl as Fabien got a very good look of long sharp fangs before the world disappeared. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Scarlet stood just inside the kitchen and watched with sad eyes as Lexie walked up the stairs. She knew what she had told Lexie had put the girl into a tailspin of shock. With a sigh, she moved over to the table and dropped down onto a chair. Nathaniel and Eric both looked at her, questions shining brightly in their eyes.Nathaniel tiled his head and then scowled at his mate, “You didn’t tell her the truth.” He snapped at her, anger bubbling up inside him as he pulled himself up and glared at her. “What part of that little discussion that we just had did you not get, Scarlet?”Scarlet rolled her head on her shoulders and looked at Nathaniel. “I understood it very well. I also understand that Lexis is a very smart young woman who has learned to hide behind that mask of happy cheerful go lucky woman. She catalogs everything she sees and hears to store for later, it has kept her alive her whole life.” Scarlet lend back in the chair, letting her mates anger wash over her in an almost soothing way. It was during these moments that she truly missed Nagota and Jared the most.“She shouldn’t have to figure this shit out on her own, you should have just told her the truth and been done with this.” Nathaniel replied.Scarlet closed her ice blue eyes and sighed, “I admit that what I did was wrong, but it needed to happen. I need her to be prepared for everything.” Eyes opening she leaned forward onto the table, a small little smirk on her face as she looked at Nate. “I also have faith in Tien, who I would bet money on, will take her to his hidey hole and tell her what I did not tell her.”Nathaniel growled at her, his eyes flashing anger at her words. “These games you play are dangerous and will get someone killed.” He said softly, and with a puff of air, he slumped back down in his seat the fight fading from his body. “I want this shit over and done with already. I hate how we have to drag all of this out.” He rubbed at his face with one hand, weariness in every line of his face and body. “Go deal with Jessica before she kills Bastion and Matthew.”Any other Alpha would have taken great offence at Nathaniel’s thinly veiled order, Scarlet just smiled softly and maybe a little sadly at him, and was grateful for the fact that he truly did love her and was not afraid to tell her what to do. She sighed and heaved herself up onto her feet again, rubbing her face, knowing this talk with Jessica was going to be nasty.Some days she wondered why the prissy queen stayed, when she so clearly hated taking orders. She dropped her hand from her face, the back of her hand brushed the side of Eric’s head in a silent show of thanks and affection. She was still trying to decide if calling Eric in was the right thing to do, she felt that it was, but she also didn’t like leaving Sasha completely without some kind of protection. She rolled her head and walked over to the basement door, you could hear muffled fighting behind the door, Scarlet pulled herself together and opened the door and walked down the steps.It was much worse than she was expecting. She stood at the bottom of the stairs, watching as two male African lions fought a smaller but just as fast mountain lion. Despite the fact that Jessica was a very petite woman, she was deadly when shifted. She utilized every surface and object within the vicinity of any given fight, she truly was a deadly adversary while in feline form. Scarlet could tell that rage was fueling this fight, from the blows she was dishing out, sounding like thunder as they hit either the ground or one of the two lions.Scarlet gripped the banister, her knuckles going white as one blow to the smaller lion sent him flying across the room, blood splattering the ground as the small lion hit the training mat with a pained roar. Four deep and long bloody slashes gouged from the base of his neck down and along his right side, with every breath the lion took, more blood pumped out. The larger male stood frozen as if he had turned into ice, his massive head slowly turned from his mate and pinned the mountain lion in place with hard green yellow eyes. His large body began coiling to pounce on and render the female to shreds, when Scarlet stepped between them, she was still completely human, her back to Bastion as her eyes bore into the mountain lion.“Leave.” She spoke softly.The large lion took two steps towards his mate and on the third step he was human again. Bastion kept his eyes on his mate, not daring to look over at Jessica for fear that he would lose it and attack her. By the time he stepped up to his mate, Matthew had already shifted back into human form and the wounds she had inflicted were slowly healing. Bastion held out his hand to Matthew, who grasped it and allowed his mate to pull him gently to his feet.Matthew grit his teeth as pain laced through his back and shoulders, his bright hair stuck to his skull matted with sweat. Breathing heavily through his nose trying to stem off the pain as he was slowly shepherded to a small room that was in the far back corner of the basement. There him and Bastion could heal and lick their wounds while Scarlet dealt with Jessica.When Scarlet heard the door close, she moved over to the far wall and grabbed a white robe that hung on a hook and threw it at Jessica. She didn’t even bother saying anything, the robe was demand and order in and of itself. Her ice blue eyes were flashing while she watched Jessica shift, and then gracefully pick up the robe and drape it around her shoulders, her arms sliding into the sleeves. Jessica shook out her hair as she tied a knot to keep the robe closed.“I’m not quite sure what to do with you.” Scarlet spoke suddenly, making Jessica jump, her head whipping around to look at her Alpha.“Do with me?” Jessica barley held in the snarl that rumbled beneath her words. The toes on her small delicate bare feet curled into the padded mats on the floor, her eyes flashing pure fire at Scarlet.  “Whatever do you mean, Alpha?” her voice dripped sarcasm.Scarlet stood there watching Jessica’s every move, “Where did I go wrong with you?” she asked absently. “This is not like you. Where did all this rage come from?” her voice was soft and quiet as she stepped closer to Jessica, “I know you.” She murmured, “If you wanted my attention all you had to do was ask.”Jessica snorted, her face a mask of mockery, “Really? All I had to do was ask, uh huh…right, and they call me the delusional one. Dearest Alpha, how could I have done that when your bed is more than full enough?” She said venom dripping with each word.Scarlet held herself perfectly still, her heartbeat a steady thump, thump within her chest, “My bed…” she began, a slow deadly growl vibrating out of her. “Is my own business, not yours, but to satisfy your apparent curiosity and jealousy I will let you in on a little secret. I have not once ever fucked Tevin.” The words were snapped out and lashed across Jessica. Scarlet’s eyes were slowly bleeding red as rage began to seep within her.Jessica laughed aloud, “Truly Alpha, please tell us another lie.”Those words seemed to have been the trigger holding Scarlet in place, and before Jessica knew it, she was on her back with Scarlet on top of her, pressing her body into the floor, with a strong hand around her throat. “Lie you say…” Scarlet said so softly, her face mere inch from Jessica’s, her breath hot on the woman’s face. Her Alpha was so close that she could see the icy flames of pure rage that burned within. Jessica could not pull herself away from that gaze; she was truly fighting her instincts to bare her throat to Scarlet. “Yes…” she hissed out just as she bucked up trying to throw Scarlet off of her. “Have you fucked them all Alpha?” she sneered.A growl ripped from Scarlet, her hand squeezing around the woman’s neck. “I share my body with Nathaniel and one other, no one else. I share my bed with all of my pack.” The words were sharp and clipped as Jessica tried again to throw her off.She grabbed the hand around her throat and her other hand grabbed a fist full of hair and with all her might she pulled. Scarlet cried out, her hand loosening just a little and then she was thrown off. She rolled away from Jessica, coming to a crouch, “Enough talking.” She snarled as she launched herself at Jessica, clothing tearing and shredding as she shifted into wolf.Jessica was partially changed when the white wolf hit her; she rolled her body flowing seamlessly into feline. One wolf, one mountain lion rolling along the mats, snarls and hissed growls flew through the air as they broke apart and then slammed back together like magnets.Fur, fang, and claw ripped into each other with a devastating violence as they fought. The lion landed a hard blow to the wolf’s head, just as the wolf grazed her fangs across the underside of the cat. Neither one acknowledging the pain as they fought for dominance.*I will best you* Jessica snarled out as she threw off the wolf.Scarlet circled the cat, *How long* she questioned.Jessica rolled to her paws, head level with her body as she moved with the wolf, her tail lashing furiously back and forth. *Since the girl* she snarled as she launched herself at the wolf, up on her hind legs as both her front paws batting back and forth, claws slashing. The wolf met her head on, paws pushing against paws, mouths snapping on air, as they pushed against each other like Olympian Titans clashing.They flew apart, both breathing heavily, as blood dripped from wounds, *And you say I lie* Scarlet snarled, growing weary of this fight. Her ice blue eyes flashed as she bobbed under the mountain lions massive paws and came up from under and clamped her powerful jaws around the cat’s throat, sharp teeth digging into the soft skin of the cat’s throat.Jessica froze as the teeth dug deeper into her skin, her paws hitting the back of the wolf uselessly, the wolf’s own claws scratched at her underbelly as they fell to the mat like a slow motion scene. The wolf truly had the cat pinned on her back and no safe way to pull away, for the grip the wolf had on her throat would literally tear her own throat out if she tried to fight it.Scarlet growled and snarled as she worried her teeth deeper into Jessica’s throat, looking on instinct for that one spot. She knew when she found it as the lion fell utterly limp beneath her. She held her teeth there for a minute more then backed off, teeth red with blood, muzzle in a snarl as she slowly backed away from the mountain lion.The large cat slowly shifted into human, her chest heaving with exertion, a hand at her torn throat trying to stem the blood that pulsed out of her with each heartbeat. She lay there, golden eyes on the wolf as Scarlet shifted back.Kneeling on the mat, Scarlet held absolutely still, her gaze riveted on Jessica, watching the blood pulse over and through her fingers. “Say the word.” Scarlet breathed out, “Or I leave you here to bleed to death.”Jessica’s eyelids fluttered as her body grew weaker from blood loss, every line in her body showing true submission, for the first time in her life Jessica finally acknowledged what her instincts were screaming at her and she whispered, “Peace Alpha.”Scarlet nodded her head once at the words and was upon the other woman, both of her hands were a top the other, as a soft pale green light began to glow and whispered words in an ancient language were spoken. Jessica could feel the power wash over and through her, as her body began to heal, her skin knitting together. Her eyes fluttered closed and as she fell into the blackness of unconsciousness, she felt the touch of soft lips press an intimate kiss upon her own lips. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

At one point in his life, before the world changed, Khaja would more or less only wear pants and kept his feet bare. As the world and its humans changed, so too did he.This new world of the humans was rather paltry and misguided. He had learned from the best on how to play humans to his every whim. He had built himself an empire that he would one day give to his sons. ~well if they prove to truly be mine~ But some things were proving to be more difficult then he wished at this moment in history. He had thought when he sent that tainted shifter to that hotel in England; his Scarlet problem would have been removed, but he had been wrong…terribly wrong. He did mourn the loss of a talented and close friend- who would still be alive- had the tainted shifter done as they were told.Though he would never admit that the loss of Nagota had done more then he could ever have hoped. His wife and mate had no other recourse then to return to him. Oh, he played the loving loyal husband well but he had hated the white wolf on sight. He could not understand, how a daughter of the Sisterhood could not only follow a wolf but also become so tightly bound to said wolf? The power that Scarlet held, he so desperately wanted for himself. He had killed for it and he would keep killing for it. He would stop at nothing to have that power, no cost was too high a price.Khaja stood within his penthouse living room, watching as the sun rose above the buildings of his city. His black eyes slowly followed its path before turning from the window and over to a large cage set into the far corner of the living room, within the cage a large torn and beaten pure white tiger lay upon its side. Its massive chest rising and falling with each inhale and exhale, the silver collar around its neck blended well with its coat. As he moved closer to the cage, he could see golden eyes peering at him through half-lidded and crusted eyes, he smiled cruelly as those golden eyes narrowed in defiance and rage.“Did you honestly think that I would forgive this transgression, son?” he spoke in a calm quite tone as he watched his youngest son roll to his feet. The tiger stood with his head even with the line of his back, a low growl rumbled deep in his aching chest. “Try not to hurt yourself any more than necessary Rajnish, I would truly hate for you to die too soon.”A young woman in casual clothing walked into the living room, a tray laden with food held within her hands as she gracefully walked towards the cage. She nodded her head at Khaja and slowly knelt before the cage, placing the tray on the floor she slid it along the oak planks and through a small opening in the cage. The young woman made sure to keep her hand away from the opening just in case Rajnish decided that he wanted to take her hand for dinner as well.She remained kneeling there, her head bowed, her hands folded upon her thighs. She released the breath she had been holding in a whoosh of air as the front door of the penthouse closed behind Khaja. The man never stayed within the room while his son fed, though she also knew he had many appointments, she had purposely over booked him today. She waited a few more minutes before pulling a cell phone from her pants and pressing send on the already programmed number on the screen.A few more minutes passed before there was a loud hissing sound and then the front door opened and Dimitri and Ze’el entered. Small backpacks slung over both their shoulders as Dimitri almost ran over to the woman and the cage, while Ze’el left the living room to hunt down some files.Dimitri slid to his knees in front of the cage door, he placed his hand on the cage. “Raj…” he whispered. Rajnish rubbed his massive head along the cage, feeling the warm hand through the bars, a loud rumbling purr filled the air just as the massive muzzle opened and he licked the hand. “Hold on, love.” He spoke as his eyes fell closed and his hands moved slowly along the bars.The young woman stood up and took the bag that Ze’el held out to her when he came back into the living room. They both stood there watching Dimitri work his magic on the cage. “I don’t have a way to remove the collar,” Dimitri said softly to them.“It’s fine, we are leaving here through the Ways, it will be safer than trying to get my hurt brother out of this building.” Ze’el replied his eyes riveted on his baby brother within the cage.Rajnish was excessively massive in feline form, he got that from their father, and his temperament was that of their mothers. The large golden eyes never strayed from Dimitri as magic slowly and gently wrapped around the bars of the cage, the bars glowed a warm red before they slowly melted to the floor. Rajnish slowly and with great care stepped through when Dimitri had made a hole big enough for him and head butted his lover out of his way.Dimitri stood up, his hands running quickly and surely over his lover’s body, making a mental tally of every cut, scratch and open wound. He would most definitely return the favor, when he was satisfied that Rajnish would not die from his injuries he stepped back, “Alright, he will hold until we get to the cabin.” He said as he looked at Ze’el, his hand upon Rajnish’ head. Ze’el didn’t know who was holding who up more, the tiger or the man.Ze’el looked down at the young woman, “We ready?” he asked and held out his left hand to her.She took his hand, “Yes, let’s blow this joint.” She said smiling softly.With a deep breath Ze’el slowly raised his right hand, as a pale glow formed within the palm, he closed his eyes as he traced a symbol in the air. The symbol glowed a pale white as it hovered there for two heartbeats, then faded away into nothingness. As they stood there waiting, the smell of ozone filled the air. It became almost over powering and just moments before you could no longer handle the smell or the feeling of static electricity coursing through your body, a pale light flickered into being at eye level with Ze’el before it slowly moved downward.As the light moved downward as if someone were unzipping a jacket that was invisible, and came to a stop a foot from the floor. A gray mist wisped out of the tear curling around the seam, as the brackish smell of decay floated out of the seam. Ze’el opened his eyes and with a grim look on his face, he flicked his fingers back and forth as if he held a whip in his grip and was snapping it.Before them hovering in the air was a tear in the fabric of the world, a simple little seam. As Ze’el’s hand moved, the tear slowly, ever so slowly peeled away, almost reminiscent of peeling an envelope open. The tear stopped when his hand stopped, “Go now, before they know I’ve opened a door.” He spoke softly.Dimitri moved swiftly, nodded his head at his friend and then stepped into the seam, the gray mist wrapping around him and before their eyes he disappeared. Rajnish rumbled a parting growl at his brother, his tail flicking his brothers hand and then he leaped into the seam and was gone.Ze’el gripped his girlfriends hand, turned towards her with a smile and a quick kiss to her lips, he stepped into the mist and pulling her with him. As the last of her body disappeared into the seam, the tear flared a bright white and then the seam was gone as if it had never been there. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Eric stood within the kitchen thinking about everything that had been going on, his mind was nothing but an unending flow of thoughts as he made his way through the house to the front door. Things were progressing at a much faster rate than he had originally thought.Eric could at any given moment take apart any weapon handed to him and put it back together to kill you with soon after. He cooked, sowed and took care of himself without any outside interference. If anyone thought, they knew him inside and out they were wrong. There were so many sides to him that were hidden and locked away that no one would find them. He rarely if ever showed personal emotion.He wasn't a mean man nor was he a nice man, his personality suited what the surroundings were at any given time. He was a bodyguard, he was a fighter, and he was a builder. He was literally a jack of all trades. He had a soft spot for exactly three people in his life- Scarlet, Sasha, and a beautiful baby girl with emerald green eyes. It had been a very, very long time since he had seen that baby though.He closed the door of the house behind him; the sun was well on its way to dusk as he yawned. He rolled his head on his shoulders to work the kinks out as he began walking toward Tien’s hidey-hole. Krilen would have him hide in the shadows to watch them, but not everyone had Krilen’s ninja magic, so he just ignored the suggestion all together. His work boots crunched the soft red cedar chips as he walked along the path, his mind in the past.It had been twenty-three years since he had laid eyes upon a fire haired, green-eyed little girl that at three years old had more spunk and moxie then most adults ever had in their whole life. He had seen a little of that fire last night when Jessica had slammed Lexie into the door. All the masks she has had to wear her whole life hid it from view, the idea of what her life had been like was almost enough to make him want to do something rash, and he never did anything rash.He shook his head, knocked on the door to the cabin, and waited as his eyes scanned the forest. Two squirrels fought over some nuts, it looked to be a pretty epic fight as they chittered at each other as if they were yelling obscenities. He was so engrossed in their dispute that he didn’t hear the door open, Lexie stood in the doorway watching him as he watched the squirrels.Lexie leaned up against the doorway and couldn’t help but smile, she could see that he was really engrossed in the squirrel battle, that it was almost a shame to disturb him. Almost. She reached out and lightly touched his elbow with long fingers.Eric felt the touch and instead of jumping at the sudden feel, he just turned his head and smiled into the brightest emerald green eyes he had ever seen. He was very grateful for the first time in his life that she was very much legal.“What?” She said barely repressing the snap in that one word.Eric smiled a little, with that one word and tone he knew that Scarlet had been right about Tien. He did tell her everything and in fact showed her the proof. “I won’t ask what you two are doing in there, but I do want to know if you’re all right?” he asked softly, searching her eyes.Lexie looked at him, never taking her eyes from the man in front of her, a man she literally knew nothing about; but for some strange reason knew without anyone having to tell her, this man would die to protect her and her mother. She sighed softly, “I’m…I don’t really know what I am at the moment. I do know that I need more time to process everything that has been thrown at me in the last few days.” She replied frowning.“That is all anyone can ask for.” He nodded his head at her, “I shall leave you and Tien to your business.” Eric stepped back, turned and began walking back to the house. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Scarlet’s room was the third floor of the house, literally. Half walls in different heights and widths made the room feel more like a studio apartment than one huge open space. To get to her room you had to walk up a large wrought iron circular staircase from the second floor. The ceiling was cathedral style and vaulted. What there was of carpet was separated by the half walls in the individual spaces and was a plush soft black, it cushioned your every step. The walls were ivory with black satin gloss trim.To the right side of the room was a state of the art…well everything. A huge entertainment stand took up the entire corner. Directly in the middle on the wall was possibly the largest TV ever. It was more like a movie screen than an actual flat screen. Surrounding it on the many shelves were hundreds of games, movies and cds. Directly under the TV was a digital cable box with a DVR. She literally had every channel the cable company had and with Krilen and Matthew’s ‘help’ there were actually a few more channels. Several gaming systems set up and every once in a while you could find the pack sprawled out playing games and screaming at the TV.If you turned left upon leaving the stairs, you entered the walk in closet. This wasn’t any normal walk in closet, no this could have been a couple’s home. Walking in the lights inside were motion activated and set inside the ceiling. The floor was cherry hardwood as were all the shelves. What you could see of the walls was an intricate almost white design of swirls and patterns in ivory. All around the walls, about knee high, were cubbyholes and shelves for Scarlet’s enormous boot collection and various shoes that Nathaniel and Tevin owned. There were shelves and racks just for pants, others for shirts. A slide out rack that came out of the wall was for evening dresses and business suits. A vanity with a giant mirror sat directly in the middle of the spacious room, what cosmetics Scarlet used were lined up like soldiers. A stand up floor jewelry box stood next to the vanity that held the vast collection of earrings, bracelets and necklaces, along with rings and other odds and ends. Further back into the closet was a huge circular couch to sit on or in Nathaniel’s case, to pile his clothing on.On the back wall was a door that opened into the bathroom. Leaving the closet and walking left, directly attached to the same wall was a large master bath. It was all grey and black marble with chrome fixtures. A giant walk in shower took up one corner and had multiple showerheads in different spots, which had various pressures, speeds and flows. Next to the shower was a massive claw foot tub, and by massive it meant specially made to fit three or more people inside at one time. Directly across from the tub was a double sink with a mirror that spanned the entire length of the bathroom wall from side to side, top to bottom. More chrome fixtures shined when lights hit them. Next to the sink was an enclosed toilet and a bidet, just for those moments when two or more people needed the same room and needed a little privacy.When you walked out of the bathroom, the first thing you saw was a ginormous bed, built and designed to fit a maximum of five people comfortably. It sat away from the walls with shelves built floor to ceiling, tucked in the corner. Scarlet liked to keep books for Tevin to read up here as well as in the library; also, her scrapbooks were stored there as well.Returning to the bed it was a pillow top with the highest thread count sheets money could buy. A dozen or so pillows were stacked neatly at the head of the wrought iron four-poster, the blood red duvet and black pillowcases blended nicely.If one so desired you could climb out of the bed and walk directly out large glass doors out onto a deck that spanned the entire back wall of the house. Designer patio furniture were spread out along the deck, various potted plants gave the feel of walking into the forest.The focal point of the room was what had been named the ‘Pillow Den’ and was sunk a few feet into the floor and filled with hundreds of pillow all of various shapes, sizes and colors. One could simply fall backwards into the room and not feel a thing. There were double glass one-way doors that led to the same balcony directly next to a set of stairs, so when the wolves and cats were in form they could simply nose a pressure pad on the wall and walk out the doors and into the wilderness beyond the house. The ‘Pillow Den’ was also used for Pack sleepovers while in shifter form.The last section of the room was the office. Half walls created the effect of actually closing it off but in fact were only for space to put the large touch screen wall monitors. Directly in the middle of the room was an antique cherry wood desk, which weighed at least a good 600lbs easy. It had multiple drawers and several hidden compartments as well.The best computer money could buy, we are talking better than NASA, stood directly center of the desk. A wireless keyboard and mouse stood before it. Various odds and ends littered the top of the desk, post-it notes, a stapler, letter opener and so on. The computer chair was the height of luxury as well, one had to be careful when sitting in it, or as Nathaniel was prone to do, you could fall asleep and not realize it. It was the one place in the whole of the house that Nathaniel practically lived and breathed in.All in all the feel of the whole third floor was home, and was well lived in. Every space utilized, priceless art pieces littered the walls, pots of flowers and plants found odd places to call home. It was ordered chaos and Scarlet and her mate’s wouldn’t have it any other way. Chaos was necessary to her way of life, and it meant that everyone else had to conform to said way of life, if one wanted to stay sane.Scarlet climbed the wrought iron stairs to her floor; her heart was heavy with weariness and banked rage. She should have known that Jessica was going to slowly fall into madness when Abby was brought into the fold. It didn’t matter that said little wolf was still a child. To Jessica who had been the only other female shifter within their strange cobbled together Pack, Jessica would take it as a threat to her place within the Pack. Scarlet knew this and yet did not even attempt to head her off at the pass so to speak.She sighed to herself as she left the stairs and walked through the massive closet to the bathroom. She was in desperate need of a shower, one that she hoped would wash away all of the pain the fight with Jessica had caused within her. She stopped in front of the mirror and looked at herself, she had left the basement naked, she didn’t have the energy to magic her clothing back into place after managing to force out a true submission from Jessica.Dried blood was flaking off her face, neck, chest and hands, dark circles under her eyes made her look like a walking zombie. With a crooked smile, she shook out her hair, and walked over to the shower and stepped in.She had spared no expense when it came to the building of her home. There were sensor pads on the floor of the shower that cataloged the weight of the occupant and automatically turned on the shower to the desired temperature and shower style. It was a feature that at first she had thought was too much, but after a truly horrible hunt Nathaniel and her had been too torn and beaten to really work the shower, and the features had come in handy; and okay, she would admit that she did love it.One could quite literally live quite happily within the shower, or so she kept telling herself that. The hot water rained down on her, washing away the blood and dirt, she moved farther into the shower before she allowed her knees to give out crumbling to the floor of the shower. Her hands caught the wall out in front of her to keep herself from falling, and even that was too much. She just gave up fighting it, with a heavy heave she curled up into a ball upon the floor of the shower, the hot water beating down on her as the steam fogged up the glass door and walls. In the silence of the water, Scarlet cried.Absence did not make the heart grow any more fond, it just made you blind to the things that were right in front of you. Made you forget that you were still human regardless of what you could do. You forgot that you still had a job to do, still had a mismatched Pack to keep together and alive. She had forgotten that. Forgotten that even though one of her mates was gone, did not mean she had lost the other. By ignoring Nathaniel, she had in turn ignored her whole pack, and the pain of that was ripping her apart. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Jared stood at the foot and in between two beds. The occupants were not just tied to the beds, they were cuffed with magic so neither man could fight him or attempt to sneak away. However, Jared did know that neither man would ever leave the other behind, he could think and feel what he wanted about both of them. He could not ever ignore the true loyalty the two tigers held for one another.He had spent many a year watching the guards Khaja placed around his daughter and had chosen Stevens well for this job. Jared always thought it was a sad attempt to protect something that should be held in high esteem, but was treated as if it were the lesser of the treasures of many.Stevens groaned as he moved slowly upon the bed, his whole body was one big aching sore. His eyes snapped open when the memory of what had happened slowly sank into his mind. His eyes fell upon Jared standing there, his eyes boring into him, even though every fiber of his being was clawing at him to find and ascertain if Fabien was okay.Jared flicked his eyes over to the other bed then back again, making sure that Stevens saw the movement and kept his body relaxed. He watched as Stevens turned his head and literally held himself still as his eyes roamed over Fabien’s still form.“He’s alive.” Jared spoke, his voice raspy from lack of use.Stevens turned his head toward Jared, “I knew I smelled your scent.”Jared walked to the table between the beds, picked up a plastic cup filled with water. He then slid his hand behind Stevens head and helped the tiger to drink. “Slowly.” He warned the man.  “I’m sorry... I believe I hit the car too hard.” Jared apologized, sounding for all the world like he had knocked over a cup and not sent their car careening into a tree.Stevens raised an eyebrow at him, “Had to make it look real.” He whispered after he swallowed the water and pulled his head away, his eyes falling back to Fabien. “He’s going to be pissed at me.”Jared turned and looked at Fabien. He didn’t look too bad, there was mild bruising along his temple and cheekbone from where his face hit the dashboard. Other than that Fabien came out of the accident with little to no injuries, while Stevens took the blunt of the force of the accident.Jared snorted at Stevens comment as he slowly sat down on Stevens bed, his eyes still on Fabien. “Well if he were any kind of mate, then yes, he is going to be pissed at you for not telling, but,” he shrugged his shoulder. “If he loves you, he will forgive you…after he gets done beating your ass.” Jared told him smirking.Stevens sighed and laid back upon the pillow, “This is very true. He can be a prissy little drama queen, but he will at least listen after he throws his little fit.” ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Tien and Lexie were sitting on the ratty old couch talking about everything that she needed and wanted to know. He told her the truth of his parentage; apologizing for giving her a hand fed lie, that everyone was given. Tien felt that if the friendship that they were working on was going to work and last, she needed to know the truth. Needless to say Lexis was shocked by that, she had no idea that males could bare children, far as she knew male felines could not become pregnant.He had told her that it was more to do with the wolf being an Omega, that no other male wolf could become pregnant. He explained to her the dynamics of were-wolf rank. Alphas only really had but one mate; unless the Alpha was born with a level of magic then the Alpha could have two mates, if the Alpha so wished. It is believed that two mates help stabilize the Alpha and the magic within.Omegas in some packs were treated as the lowest of the low and in other packs, Omegas were treated with respect. The Council of Elders tried their damndest to acquire unclaimed Omegas for their own means. Feeling that any pack that had more than one Omega was too much of a threat to leave unattended, Scarlet’s pack was one of the few within the Council’s reach that had two Omegas. Even if they did not know that Tevin was not a claimed Omega.“So basically what you are telling me is that Omegas are predominantly male and that they can have kids? That you have two dads, or um…however you explain that?” Lexis said sounding a little confused.Tien smiled at her as he leaned back into the couch. “I know right? Talk about confusing as hell. Basically it goes like this: Jared is my dad, who then pretty much bred Nathaniel when he went into heat, but he is also considered my dad, while Scarlet is my mom.” He explained in short concise words.Lexie looked at him; her masks were down so Tien could see all of the emotions flashing across her face. He saw the confusion, the envy, the anger and finally understanding. “Wolves are just so weird.” She replied rather flippantly.Tien threw his head back and laughed so hard tears began rolling down his face. “Oh, man, I always thought Felines were freaking weird as hell.” He said when he managed to get his laughing under control.Lexis just shook her head at her friend. “We will probably come back to this at a later time, because seriously? Your dad goes into heat; I don’t think I will be able to look at Nathaniel the same again.” She replied and ran a hand over her face. She was starting to feel the weight of too much information and too much emotion all being dropped onto her like a nice shiny bomb. Her brain was firing at twice its normal rate just to keep up. Along with learning all about her family she now had to learn about Wolf dynamics, pack rules and…everything was giving her a headache. She made herself focus on Tien as his voice entered her mind.As the friends sat there, neither one noticed when a seam slowly began to appear within the middle of the room. It started as one small barley there line, that slowly began to gain definition. Gray mist curled out of the seam like fingers digging their way out of a grave, on this side of the tear there was no smell of ozone or any sound. It was quite literally silent as a tomb.The seam opened and Dimitri stepped out of the tear and into the cabin. As his feet touched the hardwood floor, the sound of a gunshot going off within the small confines of the room had both Tien and Lexis screaming and flying to the farthest corner of the small cabin. Lexie pushing Tien back into the corner instinctively as they both half shifted as the sound slowly died away and watching with no small about of awe and shock as people appeared out of nowhere.Dimitri looked at them, a small smile on his face as he stepped out of the way and Rajnish leaped out of the tear. He was like a huge white splash of color that stood out from the rest of the cabin. He walked away from the seam, knowing that Ze’el and his mate were not far behind him. His yellow golden eyes fell upon Tien and Lexie, he made a rumble of acknowledgement to them as he slowly laid down on the hardwood floor at Dimitri’s feet.“What the…” Tien trailed off just as two more people stepped through what looked like to him a tear in the fabric of air.Once Ze’el and his mate were through the seam, he turned to it, with a whisper of power and a wave of his hand, the seam knitted itself closed and with a small pop the seam was gone. He shook his hand out trying to get feeling back into it, since the magic he used to open the seam always left his hands feeling numb. He looked over at Tien and Lexis. He smiled warmly as his gaze fell on Lexis.“So it would seem little brother that our dear baby sister has found her way to the safest place in the world.” Ze’el said a laugh of triumph in his voice. His smile grew wider as he saw shock and amazement bloom across her face at his words.Lexie pressed back into Tien, pushing him tighter against the cabin wall, his hands braced on her hips. As her heart rate began slowing down after the scare of a lifetime. ~pretty sure that just took like five years off my life~ she thought as she took in the four people that had seemingly just appeared out of nowhere. She was still reeling from the shock of that only to freeze, utterly still, eyes upon the man that had spoken. Her emerald eyes met chestnut brown and locked, her mind running rampant and before she even knew it, she was speaking. “What the hell do you mean by that?” she snapped anger slowly bubbling up inside her. She knew him, ~Oh my Gaia, how~ she thought as panic started to shoot through her blood.Ze’el tilted his head a little still smiling at her. “I don’t believe I stuttered,” he turned his head and looked at Dimitri. “Did I? I’m sure I didn’t.”“What the hell!” Lexis exclaimed stepping away from Tien, eyes hard with anger. “How the hell did you find me?” she demanded and then snapped her head around to look at Tien as a something horrible slithered its way into her head. “They work for my father.” She whispered fear bleeding into her voice.Loud uncontrollable laughter rang through the small cabin, “Oh…man…” Dimitri tried to say as he fell into a crouch, his knees pressing into Rajnish’s side as he wrapped arms around his middle, tears streaming down his face.Tien and Lexie both boggled at the laughing man as if he had lost his mind. “You gotta breathe man.” Tien said.“Wow, I think you might have actually broke Dimitri.” Ze’el said with a little awe creeping into his voice as he stepped closer to him. “I have been trying to do that for years.” He placed his hand on his friends shoulder. “Seriously? You can stop now.”Dimitri was pretty much bent in half from laughing so hard. His head was pressing into his knees as he slowly got himself together. He brought his head up and looked Lexie in the eye. “Sorry to disappoint you sweetheart, but the only one who works for your douche bag father is Neesa here.” He breathed waving his hand offhandedly at Neesa. The idea that, He-Dimitri could work for Khaja, Supreme Ruler of Assholes, was hilarious. It was all he could do to not be rolling around on the floor in his mirth.“Don’t call me sweetheart.” She snarled the anger she had banked just bubbled over at the one word her father used every single time he tried to placate her as if a child. “Who the hell are you?”Rajnish lifted his massive head off the floor and growled at the sharp tone. Dimitri soothingly ran his hand along the tigers body, “We…well okay not me, but these two here.” He said patting Rajnish and tilted his head towards Ze’el. “Are Rajnish and Ze’el and they happen to be your brothers.” His hand flew up palm out to stop whatever Lexie was about to say. “Sorry, there really isn’t a good way to explain all this shit. We kinda need to speak with Scarlet, like now.” Dimitri said firmly, the sound of an Alpha speaking rang through the small room.Tien lowered his eyes and tilted his head to the side giving a clear show of submission, out of the corner of his eye, he saw that Lexis was fighting it, from his position still caged behind her smacked her hip. “Lex…”he hissed at her.She turned her head and met his eyes, glaring at him. Her jaw set with pure stubbornness as she refused to submit. “Well tough. I want to know what the hell is going on.” Her eyes sparked emerald fire as she glared at them.Dimitri pinched the bridge of his nose, eyes falling shut as he took a calming breath. His emotions were all over the place and he really did not need to fly into a blind rage and kill his mates’ sister, no matter how much he really wanted to at that very moment. “Yeah, you wanna know what’s going on?” he opened his eyes and looked at Lexie, his voice deadly calm. “For the past twenty six years, we have been at war. A war that escalated on your eighteenth birthday.” He said his gray eyes blazing with suppressed anger as he slowly stood up. She may be family, but in his current state of mind she was quickly becoming an enemy that was keeping him from seeing to the well fair of his mate. Whom he knew was a hell of a lot more hurt then he was showing.Tien took a deep breath to steady his nerves and stepped around Lexie, who made to grab at him, but he evaded her easily and stood in front of her, as if to protect her now. His head was up, but he kept his eyes down cast, knowing that he was in the presence of not just an Alpha leader but also the eldest son of Scarlet. “Alpha…” he trailed off, not really sure how to handle this situation. He could feel Lexie staring daggers into the back of his head, but brushed that off, they needed to stop this pissing match fast.Dimitri followed Tien with his eyes, taking in his scent as the boy stood his ground. “You’re the Omegas son, are you not?” Dimitri spoke softly.“Yes, Alpha, I am.” Tien replied just as softly.Dimitri stepped over his mate and walked over to the boy, stopping with just a foot of space between them. He lowered his head just a little and inhaled the boys scent, his gray eyes fell closed as he imprinted the scent into his memory. “Your father will be proud.” He said as he pulled away from Tien.Tien looked at Dimitri with wide eyes, “My father? You’ve seen him?” he asked a little excited and scared at the same time.“Yes.” He said, and then looked down as Rajnish bumped his hip with his massive head. “We can really talk about this later, right now I really need to see our mother.” Dimitri stated and to Lexie’s surprise, he nodded to Tien and then calmly walked to the door of the cabin and left. Rajnish close on his heels.Ze’el looked at Tien for a few seconds then over to Lexie, “For what it’s worth little sister, he really isn’t mad at you.” he stated and followed after his brother and friend, Neesa just behind him.When the cabin door fell closed behind them leaving Lexie and Tien alone. Lexie looked at Tien, “What the hell do you think you were doing?” she snapped at him.Tien sighed, “Look I get that all of this shit is just coming down like rain, but you really don’t need to be pissing off an Alpha leader. He could have killed you.”“Scarlet wouldn’t let that happen.” Lexie cut him off as she moved around the cabin agitatedly.“Maybe, maybe not.” He said softly his eyes following her.She turned to look at him, confusion clear on her face. “What’s that supposed to mean?”“That huge fucking albino tiger is hurt for one, secondly he is also your brother and thirdly he is mated to that Alpha you came close to pissing off. Mom can only protect you for so long, if the tiger was bleeding more than he was, you can bet that mom would not be able to help you if Dimitri felt you had endangered his mate’s life.”Lexis looked at Tien in shock, ~how sad is it that I didn’t even notice~ she thought to herself. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Dang it, I need to apologize don’t I?” she murmured.Tien laughed a little, “Yeah that would probably help.” He said with a smile, “Come on, we don’t want to miss the fireworks that are bound to happen.” he said and then walked over to the door, holding it open as he looked at Lexie, an eyebrow raised.She shook her head, “Not yet, I still need to get my head around some of this first.” She said to him. “You go on without me.” She told him smiling wanly.Tien tilted his head at her and with a small smile, “Nope, I’ll wait.” He said.With a sigh she shook her head at him, cupping his cheek she patted it gently as he winked at her. She laughed, and if it was a little sad and a little forced Tien didn’t say a word. She walked back over to the wall of pictures and stood in front of the wall. She was beginning to feel not only out of her depth but also a deep welling anger once more. She was twenty-six years old and she just now found out she had brothers! As she looked at the pictures blocking Tien out- who was sprawled out on the couch playing his PSP- she could now see pictures of Dimitri and Ze’el, there were a few pictures of the girl Neesa with Khaja. There were even pictures of her and Sam. ~How…why?~A picture caught her eye, it was half-hidden under a few other pictures, with a steady hand she pulled it off the wall and she frowned at it. It was a family picture well that’s what she figured. She recognized Dimitri, who was holding a little boy with light brown hair, gray eyes and freckles. There were two other men in the picture; one was taller than Dimitri and the other man. She had seen him around but didn’t know him, he had black hair and piercing blue eyes, there was something really familiar about him, she just couldn’t place it. The third man was beautiful in a dark native way. He had dark brown curly hair and beautiful smiling coffee colored eyes. How the men were placed in the picture- Dimitri and the taller man were standing on either side of the shorter man, but almost behind him.“Dimitri’s mates,” Tien said suddenly at her side.Lexie barely held in the surprised squeak. “What?” she asked after she calmed her heart down.Tien pointed to the tall man. “That’s your older brother Rajnish; he’s the white tiger you just saw.” Then moved his finger and pointed to the smaller man. “That’s Andrew. He’s an Omega. It’s kinda weird, their story but Dimitri and Andrew are half-brothers. Dimitri is a pure black wolf like our dad, Jared. Andrew is a coyote like his father, but he died a long time ago and the boy is Benton, he just turned four a few months ago.” He said and shuffled his feet at the look of shock and confusion on her face. ~Least there’s no disgust~ he thought.“Okay look, Alphas- be they Leaders or not can mate with anyone, literally. Whereas Omegas kinda can only mate and bare children from their true mate. I don’t know how the whole thing really works, I’m not an Omega. But from what I do know is that they all grew up together in some form or another and after Andrews dad was killed, Dimitri mated Andrew but it wasn’t a complete mate bond because Dimitri and Raj were you know, still fucking. I don’t know all the details and I’m not gonna ask but after Paris, Dimitri and Andrews first son was born, Rajnish joined them fully and they are like my dad’s and mom. A true soul mate bonded triad.”“Even though my brother…” she tested that word out, “Rajnish is a feline and they are dogs?”Tien laughed at the way she said that, taking no offense from her. “Like I said weird, but yeah, they work. Oh, you have a niece too. Her name is Sam, though you won’t see her. Well…” he trailed off with a shrug.Lexie looked at him, eyebrow raised in question. “Why not? Not good enough?”Tien snorted. “No, there was a pretty nasty fight and Sam packed a bag and moved away. She’s in collage at Stanford with Paris.”She looked down at the picture in her hand. “Oh.” She said softly, ~That’s where she disappeared to~ she thought to herself. ~why all these secrets~“So, are you okay now? Cause I’m sure the two Packs are clashing as we speak.” He said.Lexis took a breath then slowly let it out, “Yeah, let’s find out.” She said rolling her eyes at him and followed behind Tien, they left the cabin and the door fell silently closed behind her. He wrapped his long arm around her shoulders and she wrapped hers around his waist. Barely holding back tears, she rested her head on his shoulder as they walked towards the house. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Tevin and Matt came pouring into the house a few minutes after Eric left to speak with Lexie. They were talking excitedly, and for the first time since Tevin joined the pack Nathaniel truly did not want to speak or see the beautiful man. He knew it had to be done and done soon. When Scarlet had left the basement almost running up the stairs, he knew it was time to have that talk with the other wolf before Jared returned.And return he would, there was no way that Jared hadn’t felt that spike in power from Scarlet. Hell, he had felt it and he was pretty much magic null. With Jared’s return things within the pack were going to shift, some for the better and some not so much.Nathaniel watched as Matthew and Tevin came into the kitchen with backpacks and looking beautiful in the only way two young men in their prime could look. He smiled at them as they spoke quickly to each other and then Matt bounded up the stairs, his bag in hand on his way to find his mate, while Tevin walked up to him.Tevin eyed Nathaniel with some trepidation, since he and Matthew walked into the kitchen, he had known there was something up with Nate. He wasn’t sure what was up, but he would bet money that it wasn’t anything good. So he had told Matthew he’d have to take a rain check on that movie, he had a feeling whatever was gonna happen was going to be long.“Hey,” Tevin said softly as he stepped up to Nathaniel, bumping their shoulders together. “What’s wrong?”Nathaniel sighed, eyes falling closed as he tried to put his thoughts into order before he spoke. “Let’s take a walk.” He suggested as he slid off the stool and grabbed Tevin’s left hand.Tevin frowned at him, squeezing Nate’s own hand and gave a small smile. “Yeah, I can go for that.” He replied and went willingly as Nathaniel pulled him along behind him.They took the west path from the back of the house; it was a path that was not traveled very much. Tevin always thought that what lay at the end of the path was spooky and wrong, but since Nathaniel was leading him, he wasn’t about to say anything. He trusted Nathaniel, even if at this very moment he was freaking him out.The path itself was carved out of a small hill, like someone had taken a giant shovel and chopped part of it off and made a path. Lining the dirt walkway was old pieces of railway wood, cut into two foot pieces, they lined the whole path; an easier walkway in which to travel the rarely used path.On either side of the walkway was lined with a multitude of flora, the longer you walked down the path the more unusual the plants and trees became. Species that had long since been extinct from all over the world grew in abundance here. Colorful snakes, lizards, and insects flew, skittered, and jumped among the glowing green foliage. Tevin himself was not used to coming back here at all, he could feel something skittering across his skin, although there was nothing there to see. It made the hairs all over his body rise and goose bumps appear on his skin.Coming to the middle of the path the sense of wrongness became more apparent. Tevin shuddered; he knew now what was going on. Magic, so much power and untouched magic flowed freely here unchecked but somehow reigned in. It was beautiful chaos and it was scary as hell. He felt like he was being watched by many or by few, he wasn’t sure. He felt jumpy and calm all at once. Looking past Nathaniel, who seemed to not even be affected, he could see a stand of pines, so old he couldn’t even see the tops of them. They were clustered so close together that not even in his wolf form could he squeeze between their trunks.Right in the middle was a dark archway, with a pitch-black entrance. It looked as though it were covered in a thick layer of curtains, but Tevin knew it was not. It was the Shadows.Nathaniel looked over his shoulder at Tevin when he felt the younger man tense and twitch. He smiled but couldn’t keep the sadness out of his warm golden eyes. “It’s okay Tevin,” He assured him. “No one can hurt you here.” With a gentle but firm tug, Nate led him through the archway and Tevin felt true fear, despite Nate’s words, as he entered the Shadows. Stumbling closer to Nate’s broad back, he opened his eyes as wide as he could, trying to peer through the gloom, it was like he was blind, he couldn’t see anything.Before he could really start to panic, even with Nathaniel’s calm presence at his front, they emerged from the shadows into a clearing. Tevin gaped in awe and a touch of fear at the scene around him.He looked around, the ground was smooth and looked to be worn down black marble. It was a perfect circle, ringed by tall trees and thick underbrush. The smell of ozone was thick in the air as if a massive thunderstorm had just passed, but nothing was wet. It was never wet.In the middle of the huge clearing stood a tree that looked to be the oldest tree in existence. In fact it could have been, in this place, anything was possible. The trunk of the tree was so wide, that if the pack were to stand clasping hands, arms outstretched, around the trunk of the tree, they still wouldn’t be able to complete the circle. In the middle, facing them, there was a large archway carved out of the center of the large tree. When Tevin looked closer, he thought he saw several pairs of iridescent eyes staring back at him, when he blinked they were gone. He shuddered and looked up; he knew why it was cool and shadowy in here now. The boughs and canopy of the tree created a huge ceiling to the clearing. The tiniest amounts of sunlight snuck through the branches and fell upon a stone table directly next to the tree, he just now saw.Tearing his eyes away from the old tree, he looked around the grotto and what he saw nearly had him running the other way. Currents of air twisted and grabbed at everything around him, everywhere he looked he thought he saw another pair of eyes and when he tried to focus on them to see what it could be, the eyes were gone.His skin one minute felt hot and the next it was cold. That wasn’t even the weirdest parts, with every breath he took all he could smell was ozone. There was so much of it he could hardly stand it; it was as if he was in the eye of a storm. His nose burned and his eyes watered, the hairs all over his body felt staticy and alive.When his gaze traveled over Nathaniel he saw a fond smile lighting his gruff features, he was letting Tevin drink his fill of the place before he spoke. Tevin smiled nervously back and took a huge breath.Magic lived and breathed within this place. It was a true testament to how much tenacity magic had, to hold onto what little place it had within the world today, that it held on with a death grip, refusing to give.When Tevin opened his eyes, he knew without knowing that this place, the ground under his feet; was older than time itself. The very last thing he noticed was another, smaller archway at the far side of the clearing.Just before it was a smaller path that lead off deeper into the trees, when Tevin tried to look down that path with his senses, a feeling of something heavy and immense lay beyond. “Nate?” he whispered as Nathaniel let his hand go, he was starting to get a little worried.“You don’t remember this place, but Scarlet brought you here that first night.” Nathaniel spoke softly, his voice heavy with meaning as he gazed at Tevin. “When we found you that night, you were barely alive. It took all of Scarlet’s concentration just to keep your heart beating within your chest.”Tevin frowned as he again looked around; nothing was sparking any kind of memory. “I don’t really remember what happened that night in the first place.” He murmured.“I would believe that. You were half-dead, the Furies had torn you to shreds. You were nothing more than a pup and we couldn’t leave you there to die. But when we brought you home things became complicated.” Nathaniel looked up through the trees, where faint light tired to pierce the thick leaves and branches. “She brought you to this place, where her magic is the strongest and she fought to repair what the Furies had done.”Nathaniel began a slow circuit of the small clearing gathering his words, trying to calm himself and his beating heart.“What’s going on, Nate?” Tevin asked keeping the worry he was feeling out of his voice.Nathaniel sighed and looked sadly at the younger man. “I know you have always wondered why Scarlet never marked you as her mate?” he said an stepped up to Tevin, taking a hold of his hand, “Or me for that matter.”Tevin frowned at him, “Yeah, I’ve wondered. I don’t understand and I’ve tried not to think that it might be because of what happened that night.” He said with a shake of his head. “Why are you brining this up now? What is going on, you’re kind of freaking me out here.”Nate squeezed Tevins hand before letting it go. “Scarlet can’t mark you as mate because she already has two mates.” Nathaniel’s tawny eyes met the gray-blue of Tevins. “Everyone knows that I am one of her mates, and everyone has been waiting with baited breath for her to mark you as hers. But it won’t ever happen. It can’t.” Nathaniel couldn’t stress that last word any harder than he already was. Tevin stepped back from the other man turning his head away, the words hitting him harder then he thought. He had tried his hardest not to hope, but he had hoped that she would pick him or at least allow Nate to. But to hear the way Nate was talking, he wouldn’t be claiming him as mate. When Tevin looked at Nathaniel, there was anger in his gaze. “Why can’t you? I can see why I would be undesirable to Scarlet, but why not you?” he questioned anger and hurt painting his words.“I am an Omega, just like you.”Tevin stood frozen in shock, eyes wide on Nate. “But…how? You…” he couldn’t even find words, his mind utterly blank as if someone had came along and just turned it off.Nathaniel smiled a hint of sadness in the slight quirk of lips. “You’d be surprised what magic can do. I also make a very good stand in for the true Beta. Seeing as I am his mate as well.”The younger man shook his head, trying to clear the sudden fog, “You’ve two mates?” he whispered his throat clogging with pain; he never would have guessed that he could never have Nathaniel. To know that Scarlet was out of his reach, that he could deal with but Nathaniel? ~fuck, my life is just, fucked up~“Our mate will be returning to the pack soon. We didn’t want you to find out the hard way. You needed to know.”Tevin put some distance between them. “Who is this other wolf?” he asked staring at Nate.“Jared.” Was all Nathaniel said and the way he said it, almost as a reverent prayer.Tevin tilted his head, brows scrunched in confusion. “Jared, as in Tiens father?”Nate just nodded never taking his eyes off Tevin.He opened his mouth to say something only to close it as his face cleared and pure shock and understanding bloomed across it. “It’s you…you…” Tevin stopped himself, running a hand through his hair and fisting it, tugging a little, the pain helping to clear his mind. “I knew, some part of me has known since the beginning, but I just didn’t put it together.”Nathaniel just waited silently; he had a good idea of what was running through Tevins mind. The rest of the pack had no clue of the truth or the magnitude of what it meant, but being that saturated in Nathaniel’s scent there was no way that Tevin wouldn’t put it all together.“All this time…does Tien know that you are his ‘mother’? Or is this one of those secrets that no one can know?”Nathaniel laughed aloud. “Yes, Tien knows. You honestly think Tien wouldn’t have figured it out on his own by now? These fucking secrets that we all fucking keep, have been in the works and the making long before you were ever born.” He snapped anger threading his words, anger at the knowledge that he was hurting Tevin and he hated it. “Do you have any idea what it’s like to have your child that you have borne within you, taken from you and given to another woman to raise? Just so the fucking council wouldn’t get wind of it? My son. Mine, and I had to watch as some bitch raised him. Scarlet damn near went to war with the council to get him back and yes, I wish I could say that things won’t change but that would be a fucking lie. Because when Jared returns, the dynamic of this whole pack will shift.”“So what? You and Scarlet will just throw me out, like fucking trash?” Tevin snarled anger building within him, hating himself for hoping that there might have been a chance.“You are not trash!” Nathaniel snapped a growl rumbled within his chest as he glared at Tevin. “We never intended for you to stay within our bed for as long as you have. That is both Scarlet’s fault and mine. We get that. You have been with this pack for years; you are a part of it now.”“Yeah to be thrown to the pack, to be used however they see fit.” Tevin growled anger radiating off him in waves.“No.” Nathaniel said softly, getting himself back under control. “Never.”Tevin slammed Nathaniel up against a tree suddenly, his face mere inches from the older mans, his eyes bleeding to yellow, his skin rippling with the need to shift. “Then what the fuck do you think you can do when they learn I have been cast out? Huh? You think they are just going to leave me be? I am a fucking Omega; they will never let me remain unclaimed.”“Krilen.” Nathaniel whispered his breath ghosting a crossed Tevins.Tevin leaned his head back, confusion clear on his face. “What?”Nathaniel closed his eyes and slowly breathed. “Two years ago, Krilen approached Scarlet, asking permission to court you.”Tevin released Nathaniel as if he had been burned, “What?” his voice soft and quiet.“Since the day we brought you into the pack, Krilen has shown interest in you. You just happened to be a little blind to it. When Krilen finally asked Scarlet, if he could court and mark you as his, she told him to wait.”Putting more distance between them, feeling the need to put a gulf between them before he asked, “Wait, for what?”“For me,” A voice like smooth whiskey spoke from the shadows of the trees.Tevin watched in pure shock as Nathaniel literally melted against the tree at the sound of the voice. Tevin turned his head toward the direction the sound of the voice had come from and watched in no small amount of envy and awe as a tall handsome man stepped out of the shadows, his eyes taking in both Nathaniel and Tevin.“Jared…” Nathaniel’s voice was utterly wrecked with that whispered name.Tevin snapped his head back to look at Nate. He stepped back even farther from his once lover, there was so much longing and need within that one word. Tevin had never heard Nathaniel ever sound that desperate for another being in his life. He began to wonder just how long this other wolf, this Jared, had been gone from Nathaniel and Scarlet’s side.Jared walked smoothly to Nathaniel, his large hand cupping Nate’s jaw, tilting the other man’s face to look at him, when their eyes met; Jared smiled for what felt like the first time in years. He bent forward and rested his forehead against Nathaniel’s’. “There are only two Omegas within this pack. Scarlet knew that if we left you unclaimed, the others would fight to have you. Or the Council would demand that we set you free to find another pack.” Jared said while he breathed in Nathaniel’s scent before pulling away to look at Tevin. “She did not wish to see you used and broken. So, she chose to keep you in our pack, but with me gone she needed another to take my place, no matter how temporary. If the council knew that you truly were not marked, they would have demanded that she do so.” His eyes soft, warm and full of sympathy as he watched Tevin take in his words. “It would not have ended well, you filled a roll that was needed and you did well.”“Again, you will just throw me out.” Tevin said again his voice soft, almost a whisper, and he just could not get pasted that thought. The thought and feeling of being thrown away, cast out like trash just grated, like sharp claws digging into his chest trying to reach his heart and rip it out.“No. Krilen will accept you. If you go to him and speak with him about all of this, he will tell you the truth. He has remained solitary since the moment he laid eyes on you. He will protect you and love you.”“Fuck!” Tevin snapped and before Nathaniel and Jared could do a thing, he shifted right in the open, his clothing shredding and falling away as he shifted into the wolf. His yellow eyes looked sadly at Nathaniel, almost an empty sadness before he bound into the trees and disappeared from sight.“That should have gone better.” Nathaniel whispered sadly, his heart beating a painful beat. No matter what Tevin will think now, Nate did love him, but not enough to forsake the two he willingly bound himself to for life.Jared sighed, his eyes falling closed. “There really was no way to make that better,” he said. His lips brushing Nathaniel’s forehead tenderly, making Nate whimper, a whisper of breath and Jared was laying small kisses to Nathaniel’s temple, cheekbone and then a slow brush of lips across lips.Nathaniel groaned in pure want as he pushed away from the tree and up against Jared. Nate was no small man by any means, but next to Jared, he always seemed to feel smaller. The older man was only taller than him by mere inches, though he was wider then he was.His mouth opened for Jared as he brought his hands up, sliding them up along his mate’s chest, grazing his fingers along his neck until his hands fisted the hair between his fingers, pulling the older man flush against him.Mouths meeting in a hot press, teeth sliding teasingly along lips and tongues, Jared’s hands gripped Nathaniel’s hips hard as he moved, sliding his leg between Nate’s own and pressed against the hard bulge he found there.“Fuck, yes,” Nathaniel groaned, tearing his lips away from Jared’s to bite at his jaw. “Please?” he whispered into his mate’s ear, almost whining in pure need. It had been sixteen years since they had been close enough to touch and now that they could touch, the need burned hot within Nathaniel.Jared pulled his head away, pupils blown wide with passion, he turned his head and eyed the stone alter as a possible surface.“No.” Nate whispered.The older man turned to look back at his mate, eyebrow raised in question. “I’m too close.” Nathaniel said softly, “If you knot me here, and fuck yes…you will knot me…I will conceive.”Jared breathed deeply; inhaling Nathaniel’s scent, his chest rumbled as he finally caught the warm fresh scent that told him Nate spoke true. He was too close to his heat, Jared closed his eyes and then his head turned to the smaller path and what lay beyond it.Nathaniel turned his head and saw where Jared was looking, “I’ve never…” he trailed off his voice a little nervous.Jared smiled softly, “I know. We will be safe there, and no matter how many time I knot you,” he brought a hand up and gently traced the strong jaw. “I won’t breed you, unless you wish it.”“Then don’t make me wait any longer.” Nathaniel said.Jared huffed out a surprised laugh at the leering grin on Nate’s face, when the younger man pouted and palmed Jared’s arousal. Jared tugged the hand off his trapped erection, stepping back and with a light squeeze to the hand began walking across the grotto to the dark path.Stepping hurriedly through the archway, smaller then the first one, another tree sat in the middle of a smaller grotto. This one however seemed to be even older than the one in the main circle. Jared looked over at Nathaniel and smiled, tears springing up to push at the backs of his eyes. He wasn’t an emotional man by any means, but this was his Nathaniel, the father of his child, the man he adored above all others with the exception of his son’s and Scarlet.He tightened his hold on Nathaniel’s hand and pulled him forward towards the large tree in the center. In the tree, itself was a door, like something straight out of the ‘Lord of the Rings’. Around the door, runes were etched into the small pillar like carvings that were made out of the tree. Jared lifted a long fingered hand and grasped the bronze ring in the door, pushing it open he pulled Nate inside.“What is this place?” Nathaniel whispered gazing around the small room in wonder.Jared too, glanced around before his heated gaze found Nate again. “A place removed from time. No one will find us here, and when we leave, it will be as if we never left.” He told him, his voice smooth and low, it washed over Nathaniel and made him shiver.Nate turned to Jared fully and just took in his mates appearance. Since the last time they had seen each other, which had been nine years ago, Jared had more grey woven into his curly hair. Like always he kept it cropped short, his chocolate brown eyes were almost completely blown out with passion as he watched Nathaniel drink him in.Nathaniel couldn’t believe he was here, now- with him. He surged forward and claimed Jared’s lips in a bruising kiss, teeth clashing painfully together as Nate poured every ounce of feeling he had into the kiss. Jared moaned as Nate brought his lips across his cheek and down his neck leaving a trail of molten heat. When he reached the juncture of the man’s neck he bit hard, sucking the wound causing Jared to yell out, Nate smiled against the love bite.Jared growled and pushed Nathaniel back, gripping the bottom of Nate’s worn Henley, Jared literally ripped it off his body and flung the pieces somewhere across the room. The younger man whimpered as Jared attacked Nathaniel’s chest, laving his right nipple and suckling with wild abandon. The fingers of his right hand came up, tweaking and twisting the opposite one.Nathaniel’s calloused fingers clutched his mate’s head, making sure he didn’t go anywhere anytime soon. Of course Jared had other ideas, gently moving his head free he blazed a trail of open mouthed kisses down the younger man’s toned stomach. Falling smoothly to his knees, he looked up at the blonde man with hooded eyes and grinned seductively. Nate brought his hand up and cupped the side of Jared’s head tenderly before he watched as Jared leaned forward and mouthed the bulge in his pants making him moan wantonly.“Jared, please…” Nathaniel pleaded.“Please, what love?” Jared asked his voice deep and ruff, his accent thick with passion.Nate whimpered, ~Luna he missed that voice~ he thought. “I need you, anything…just pleassssss.” The last word was drawn out in a hiss of breath as Jared in one fell swoop opened the man’s jeans and yanked them down his hips to pool on the floor. Nathaniel’s hands came to rest on broad shoulders as Jared helped him step out of his pants.“How come I’m the only one who’s naked?” Nate asked panting, as Jared took his mates cock in his hands and licked a wet hot line from root to tip. “Fuck!” Nathaniel cried out, his knees shaking.“Later.”Jared told him, then took the whole length of him into his mouth, his nose pressing into the warm flesh of Nate’s stomach, as a howl tore through the tiny room. Jared hummed in amusement and began to slowly bob his head up and down the shaft, every time he reached the tip he swirled his tongue around the head, licking at the slit and then he hollowed out his cheeks sucking hard before swallowing him again.Jared could feel Nathaniel’s legs trembling, wrapping one arm around the backs of his knees, he took his hand and with one long finger found Nate’s entrance. It was already wet and leaking, quivering as Jared slid a finger slowly inside.“Oh my god, Jared…fuck…please…” Nate moaned brokenly, “I’m so close…”Jared hummed around the shaft nestled in his throat and pushed his finger in farther, Nathaniel’s channel gripped his finger tightly, slicking it up. Swirling his finger around, Nate began thrusting his hips brokenly into the scorching heat of Jared’s mouth.Smiling around his mate’s cock, Jared pressed his finger against his lover’s prostate. With a strangled scream, that sounded more wolf than human; Nathaniel came down Jared’s throat in giant streams and collapsed in his lovers arms, momentarily blacking out.Jared settled him more comfortably and brought his legs out from underneath him, cuddling his mate close; he pressed his lips to a sweat dampened forehead and left them there.

Nathaniel opened his eyes slowly, not too sure if he really wanted too.  He didn’t want this all to be a dream, afraid it truly was. That is until he felt a warm hand on his chest, his eyes shot open to see Jared laying next to him, completely devoid of all clothing, propped up on one elbow.Nate whimpered and tackled Jared back to the ground, laying his large body over his mates. Burying his face in the side of Jared’s neck he began to cry.“Shh, my love, it’s alright. I’m here now, and I am not going anywhere again. I’m here to stay.” Jared soothed, clutching the back of Nate’s head with one hand as the other smoothed a path down his back, which only made Nathaniel cling to him all the more harder.The lovers stayed that way for a while, until with a great heaving breath Nathaniel sat up straddling Jared. They looked at each other, warm shiny gold eyes meeting chocolaty brown eyes that shined with love.“I’ve missed you.” Nathaniel whispered.Jared sat up and cupped Nate’s face between his hands. “I’ve missed you too.” He told him, leaning forward he softly kissed Nathaniel’s closed lips and on a sigh they opened and Jared swept his tongue inside. The kiss was slow and hard all at once. Desperate. Nathaniel’s long arms came up and around Jared’s neck as he began to swivel his hips against Jared’s painfully hard erection.Jared moaned into the kiss, as he felt their cocks rub together, he swept his hands down to grip his mates ass firmly, squeezing. Jared pulled the firm globes apart and twisted two fingers inside, the still seeping wet heat.Nathaniel threw his head back in a silent scream as Jared teased him, a guttural moan escaping his mouth. After a few more teasing thrusts with his fingers, Jared clasped his own aching cock in his hands and lined up with Nate’s entrance.“Look at me.” Jared whispered.Nate focused blearily on Jared as he pushed the head of his cock past the first ring of muscles. Nathaniel moaned deep in his chest, he so rarely bottomed. Jared’s strong hands clasped Nate’s hips and slowly began lowering him down his cock. Jared’s member swelled even larger as he finally bottomed out within Nathaniel.They breathed for a few moments, before the need won out and they couldn’t take it any longer. Nate lifted himself up, and began a fast rhythm of up and down, fucking himself on his lover’s cock.“Nathaniel…” Jared moaned out, “Please baby.”Nathaniel smiled softly and began moving faster and on every downward stroke, he swiveled his hips. Like a switch being flipped, Jared wrapped his arm around Nate’s waist and picked him up, before lowering him onto his back. Jared now on top, where he belonged. Grabbing his lover’s legs, and putting them over his shoulders, he began thrusting in and out, hard.“Fuck, Jared…” Nate yelled out, a gush of his own juices poured over Jared’s cock as the knot slowly began to form.Jared growled and began a brutal pace of thrusting, pushing his knot in and then out, until it finally caught inside Nathaniel, and then he just rutted. Nate said nothing, just moaned as Jared’s knot swelled inside him.With two final thrusts, Jared came hard. Nathaniel’s back bowed as he came stripping his chest and stomach as he felt Jared lock inside him and his seed pump into him.Jared slowly and gently removed his lover’s legs from his shoulders and wrapping them around his waist, and then collapsed upon his mate and nuzzled his scruffy face into his neck.Nathaniel’s arms came up and lovingly wrapped them around Jared’s back as they lay there, breathing freely for the first time in sixteen years.

Nathaniel stood in his jeans and boots staring at the torn pieces of his Henley, “Don’t think I’m complaining, but did you really have to rip my shirt?” he asked as he looked over his shoulder at Jared, who was fully dressed and smirking at him.Jared could not keep the smirk off his face as he moved over to a chest hidden in the shadows, lifting the lid he reached in and pulled out a shirt. Letting the lid fall with a ‘thunk’ and walked over to his mate. “I cannot be blamed for my actions.” He said as he handed the shirt over.Golden eyes narrowed as he took the shirt and shook it out. It was a jersey, an old jersey, “This is…” Nate started to say only to stop when his throat closed and tears gathered in his eyes. Arms wrapped around his waist from behind, Jared’s chin resting on his shoulder.“The same jersey you wore the night I knotted you for the first time.” Jared whispered.A single tear rolled down Nathaniel’s check, he laughed a little as he wiped the tear away. “With as emotional as I am, you’d think I was pregnant.” he said.Jared rumbled in his chest, kissed the scruffy cheek, releasing his mate as he stepped back and toward the door. He looked over at Nate as he was pulling on the jersey, “When this is all over you will be.” Jared promised and opened the door and stepped out of the hollow.Nathaniel’s heart skipped a beat at Jared’s words, and then he grinned, settling the jersey around him. “I better.” He said and followed Jared.

Jared and Nathaniel stepped into utter chaos. A large white tiger was barely breathing on top of the kitchen table, as Ze’el and Bastion worked diligently trying to remove the silver collar without causing the tiger any more damage than he already apparently was in.Dimitri stood toe to toe with Eric, who was trying very unsuccessfully to calm the man down. Their voices were raised and pretty much screaming at each other, while the most of the pack stayed out of their way. Scarlet was leaning up against the wall of the laundry room, while Jessica sat regally on the stairs. Xander and Devon were out in the far dining room with Abby watching everything that was happening in the kitchen. Matthew sat on a counter with a laptop in his lap, as he and Krilen searched for ways to help remove silver poisoning that wouldn’t cause any more harm.No one noticed as Jared and Nathaniel stepped into the kitchen quietly. Jared took in the noise and could smell as the tension and anger grew, his eyes cut to Scarlet and saw that her eyes were on him and Nathaniel. She just didn’t alert anyone else that shit was gonna get real ugly real fast. He saw her eyes soften and a small barely there smile twitch her lips.“Dimitri.” Jared said evenly, as he stepped farther into the kitchen.Dimitri snapped his mouth closed when he heard his name and in that voice, the room seemed to sense a change and grew quiet. He turned his head towards the back doors, and his gray eyes opened wide. “Dad…” he trailed off.Jared moved away from Nathaniel, walked straight up to Dimitri, and pulled him into his arms, hugging him tightly.  He dropped his head next to Dimitri’s and just breathed in his scent.“Dad…” Dimitri whispered, his voice cracking as his arms wrapped around his dads back and held on for dear life.Their reunion was short lived as Krilen noticed they were one member short, he stood up straight. “Where’s Tevin?” his voice soft, calm.Jared pulled away from his son and turned to look at Krilen, their eyes met, “He took off heading south from the west path.”A growl was ripped out of Krilen, who in mere seconds was a pale gray blur and flying out the back doors and down the west path before anyone could do or say anything.Jared sighed, “One thing at a time.” He mumbled to himself as he stepped away from Dimitri, his gaze heavy and weighted as it rolled over every shifter within the room, he stopped on Rajnish. Who’s breathing was very shallow, and from the color of his tongue he was not doing well at all.He placed a large hand on his sons shoulder and squeezed gently, “Don’t worry, your mother will heal him once the collar is off.” He told him.The kitchen was chaos when Tien and Lexie walked in. Everyone seemed to go quiet, Tien did a half aborted run towards his dad but chose better of it and stayed by Lexis’ side. Lexie stood next to the dining room table, eyes taking in everyone, flicking over Jared. Whom she will tell anyone did not make her heart jump into her throat at the sight of him, ~who knew just the thought that he was with father, can send me into a panic already~ she thought and then her gaze fell to the tiger on the table. She knew this was because of her, and it grated since she didn’t know why it was because of her.Lexie took two steps away from the younger group and looked through the Pack and straight into Scarlet’s eyes. “What does this have to do with me?” she demanded, she tried to hold it all in but damnit she wanted answers and she was going to get them. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Hours before the break down

Krilen stopped the battered Jeep at the foot of the cement steps of the house; his toffee colored eyes gazed passed Abby in the passenger seat and saw a few members of the pack through the windows. His eyes fell closed for a few beats, and then he opened them to look at Abby who was looking at the house with some nervousness.He saw movement and saw the front door opening, Nathaniel walked out and stood there watching them. “That is Nathaniel, you will treat him as if he were Alpha.” He said.Abby turned around to look at him, “Why does that sound like you aren’t coming in with me?” she questioned.“That’s because I am not. I have things to do. Nathaniel will show you to the guestroom and while I am gone, you will remain within that room. Do you understand me?”“What? Why?” she asked in shock and confusion, her eyes wide.“Because you are not a proper member of the pack and until then you are my responsibility and I will not have you pissing anyone off. So do as Nathaniel says and everything will be fine, now grab your bag and go.” He said his tone firm but soft. Krilen let out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding as Abby climbed out of the Jeep, forehead creased in confusion and some anger, she slammed the door after she pulled her backpack out of the back.He watched as she stomped up the stairs and gave Nathaniel a death glare, refusing to turn around and look back. He smiled at Nate, sharing a small look he put the Jeep in gear and drove off. He had things that needed doing before he returned. It wouldn’t do to not have everything in order when the Alphas mate finally after years of being gone, finally returned.

Nathaniel opened the front door just as Krilen’s Jeep came to a stop. He stood there watching as a sixteen-year-old spitfire jumped out of the Jeep, slammed the door, her multi-colored braids fanned out behind her as she turned away from the Jeep, and stomped up the stairs. Nate would give her one thing, she did have one hell of a glare on her. The metal piercings did nothing to help, he was already feeling like she was going to be a major issue later tonight.Warm golden yellow met bright toffee eyes, the look shared between the two spoke a thousand words all at once and with a soft smile and nod, Krilen pulled away from the house. Nathaniel turned and saw that Abby was standing just behind him in the shadows; he watched as she tried to cover up the sad and hurt look in her black eyes before she glared defiantly up at him.A smile twitched the corner of his lips as he took in her appearance. She was maybe a few inches taller than Jessica, and had the attitude that went hand in hand with short people. Her black eyes held an inner fire that he was sure she learned from living on the streets. Her hair was beautifully braided into a million smaller braids; red, purple, blue and green was streaked through the braids that if he had to make a guess was part her real hair and fake.Her left ear was nothing but silver and red studs, from the bottom of the lobe to the very top. There was also what looked to be an industrial that went through the cartilage of her right ear, her lip was pierced in two places, a small stud was in her nose and god help him, Nathaniel was sure that there were three eyebrow piercings in the right eyebrow. He truly prayed that that was all of them, but he had a very strong suspicion that she had more in places he did not want to know. When her head turned just a little and the braids moved you could see a dark tattoo, that when he looked he could see that the ink ran perfectly along the line of a nasty scar. Window dressing is what Scarlet would have called it.“This is your first time being around all of us. I know that Krilen has been keeping you separate from us, and you should be glad for that since this little attitude you are throwing off will get you in more trouble then you are prepared to deal with.” Nathaniel said as she stood still, her eyes never leaving his. “What Krilen told you, I recommend you follow it to the letter, emotions are running high in this house of late and it’s only going to get worse.” He spoke as he closed the door with a quiet click and then walked passed her, knowing that she would follow. Abby glared at his back all the way upstairs.He opened the door to the guest room and he knew without even looking that Xander, the ever happy boy that he was, had made the room more welcoming. Nate did love his pack, and he was holding his nerves at bay with the possibility of losing a few members when Jared returned.

Abby watched Krilen drive off, her heart was beating a mile a minute. She held herself together with shear will power. He had left her alone before with a few members of his pack, but this was something all together different. This time it was the whole pack and the man in front of her was huge. ~hot as hell, but fuck he was fucking huge~ she thought.She tuned out most of what he said, since she knew it was more of what Krilen just told her. Her eyes took in the whole first floor of the house. She had looked at bills for the house that Krilen said was built like Fort Knox and cost more money than any human should have the right to have; but the numbers on paper did not come close to the reality of the fact that this house was built for nothing but comfort and extravagance.To the left of her the whole living room was nothing but a large, airy open gathering room. It was filled with couches and chairs that were placed around the room to give the viewer a nice view of the floor to ceiling TV screen. The couches were large and what Xander liked to call, squishy. It was like sinking into a cloud as you sat down. They offered the occupants a place to chat away from the main bustle of the room. A large sectional, black suede, took up the middle of the room.The back wall – and what looked like to be the only full wall- had two couches along the length of it, floating shelves lined the wall above them; covered in hodgepodge style with picture frames of animals and books. There were even small statuaries that looked to be handmade by a child. The floor was hardwood and shined to within an inch of its life. Hand-woven rugs from all over the world were placed strategically throughout the massive room and gave a splash of style and color. The walls or what there was of one was painted an antique lace white. The chocolate stained shelves gave spots of color to the eye.A half wall separated the dining room on the right of the entryway had the biggest table she had ever seen in her whole life, it looked like something straight out of a great hall in a castle. There were too many chairs to count with well padded seats surrounding the massive table, but from what she could tell by looking; it was a room and a table that was hardly if ever used. The half wall that separated the dining room from the kitchen, held little nick-nacks that one seemed to collect for a kitchen, and from there she could see a kitchen right out of some five star hotel. There were two tables pushed together to make them bigger and a booth ran the length of the wall under a huge window, ~a sunshine morning breakfast~ she thought with a mental snort.An island with a black marble counter top was placed nicely within the room, one side of the island had high back bar stools. She could see a sink in the island as well, it had a graceful curving spout and looked to be almost knob less. All of the appliances were matte black and shiny chrome that made her fingers itch just to place her hands all over the clean surfaces to leave fingerprints. ~prolly get my ass yelled at~Her eyes flickered over what looked to be a state of the art washer and dryer hidden underneath carved cabinets hidden in the wall; she shrugged her shoulders, not caring too much, Krilen tended to do her laundry for her. There was something about the smell he had told her once, she never did understand it.She rolled her eyes, ~if I keep doing this, they are gonna fall out of my fucking head~ behind the large hot mans back as he snapped his fingers to get her attention again, he was standing on a half landing waiting on her. Abby hefted her bag higher on her shoulder and walked up the stairs.Once on the second floor she slowed her pace, her eyes flickered over an open door on the right. A really fucking hot boy was sitting in a bean bag chair, playing some kind of game. He had headphones on so she assumed he couldn’t hear a thing. His room was also a mess of games and computer equipment. ~geek~ she thought as she passed the room.She ignored the open bathroom and just blinked at the bright apple green closed door, ~what the fuck, whoever is in there is fucked in the head~ she thought and then looked at Nathaniel and saw him standing next to an open doorway. She barely looked at the open library office as she walked to him and stepped into the room he held open for her.“You will stay in this room until Krilen returns. I don’t wish to restrict your access to the house, but at this moment it would be best if we did. For your safety alone, you need to stay in this room.” Nathaniel said as he watched her throw her bag onto the bed and do a quick look of the room then looked back at him.“Fine.” Was all she said and then shut the door in his face. She stood there and did not move until she heard him sigh and then walk away.“A fucking spiral staircase to the third floor? Who the hell does this shit? I mean really, this house is fucking crazy. What the hell did I get myself into by staying with Krilen?” she said to herself as she finally looked around the room she would be inhabiting for the foreseeable future.The room was a decent size; the walls were a pale off white, with framed pictures of wolves and large cats in dark wood frames. The bed was a large queen with a dark blue paisley on the comforter, large fluffy pillows wrapped in a dark blue almost black silk cloth. The end tables on either side of the bed were a dark wood, and the floor was a light oak hardwood. The dresser was of the same color and wood as the end tables, and the closet was just a small space to hang up whatever kind of clothes that needed hanging.There was a single glass door that lead out onto a smaller balcony that looked out over the front yard and long driveway. Abby stood there in her plain blue t-shirt and distressed jeans with hot pink converse shoes and felt for the first time since Krilen saved her four years ago, like she was unclean and needed to wash.Abby shook her head, sending her braids tumbling around her shoulders as she toed off her shoes and climbed onto the bed, pulling her bag to her, she began pulling things out. Her laptop she placed next to her on the bed, her iPod and Kindle were placed on the side table to her left; she left her makeup bag and piercing cleaning supplies in the bag. She zipped it back up and pushed the bag off the bed.“Fuck.” She whispered as she realized that her clothes were packed with Krilen’s clothes, which was still in the Jeep. She turned her head towards the balcony, eyes distant. “When are you coming back?” she said so softly. She refused to admit to herself that she was scared. It had been a long time since she had felt afraid; she thought she had broken that emotion while living on the streets. With a heavy sigh, she pulled her laptop onto her lap, leaned back on the bed, and prepared for a long wait. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Krilen turned off the main road and onto a dirt road that had seen better days. As the Jeep bounced and rocked along the road, low hanging branches scraping the roof and sides of the vehicle. He mentally prepared himself for the talk and discussion that he was going to have once he reached his destination.Very few people knew that Scarlet owned over two hundred acres of land and that all of it was protected with magic. All of her pack except for Jessica lived on the land. Bastion and Matthew’s home was eight miles from Scarlet’s, they needed to be closer to town for security reasons. Xander and Devon shared a two-bedroom cabin about a mile from them, while the house that he was heading towards was on the far end of the property.The Jeep rolled out of the thick trees and slowed down as a two-story log cabin came into view. The tree line was a good hundred feet from the cabin and what lay between the cabin and the forest was beautiful wild flowers of every species. With the help of magic only, could many of these flowers bloom; for more than half of them were not native to this country or world.Krilen smiled when he stopped the Jeep and a small wolf puppy came bounding out from around the cabin. The puppy yipped excitedly around his feet as he climbed out of the old Jeep. Laughing aloud he bent down and picked the pup up and was given a warm happy tongue washing.“Hey there little man, I see you finally came into your coloring.” He said softly to the pup. The puppy was a beautiful black and white, with pale blue eyes.“You spoil him, Krilen,” a young man said.Krilen turned his head and smiled wider, as a man with dark brown wavy hair that always seemed to look tussled; his amber eyes glowed with happiness. He was of medium build and had a somewhat Native American look to him, though Krilen knew he was not of native decent.The man was bare-chested and only wore loose fitting track shorts. There was a small Celtic knot tattooed on his chest over his heart, he also sported two bite marks on the left side of his neck. Those were the only marks he bore upon his body; he was a very clean, healthy and loved Omega. Luna help any who would dare hurt this man, be it physically or mentally. This man not only had two Alpha mates that he was soul-bound to but he was also the second living son of Scarlet.“Never,” Krilen grinned as he put the pup back down. “How have you been, Andrew?” he asked as he followed the pup.Andrew grinned warmly and wrapped Krilen in a warm hug, when the man was close enough. “Well enough.” He said as he pulled back, “I still have some trouble shifting after the incident, and my body does ache when I force it, but I am a doctor so I know that the more I do the faster I heal.”The wolf pup bounced around them, his tail wagging a mile a minute, he barked once to get both of their attention and when he had it, he shifted smoothly into a four-year-old toddler with light brown hair, a light dusting of freckles across his nose and cheeks. He smiled happily showing off a nice set of teeth as he held up his arms for his papa to pick him up.Andrew rolled his eyes at his son and picked up his naked boy, shifting the boy around so that he was more comfortable in his arms. The Omega looked at Krilen and saw the question in his eyes; he smiled softly and nodded his head toward the house.Once inside Andrew quickly put a pair of shorts on his son and then let him run around while Krilen and he walked into the kitchen. It was a standard kitchen that was the perfect size for the cabin, it was clean to an obsessive level, and all the available surfaces were bare-just in case there was a moment when Andrew needed to do some kind of fast and dirty surgery-.Krilen sat down at the kitchen table as he watched Andrew move about the room, grabbing mugs from a cabinet and poured some coffee into them. “How are the kids, besides little Benton?” he asked as the Omega placed a cup in front of the Beta.Andrew sat down across from him, a smile breaking across his face, gray eyes sparkling like nothing was more important in the world. “Paris has a new girlfriend, which is his fifth in the last four months; he has also changed his major four times. I actually think he is going to drive Dimitri into an early grave.” He said with a laugh.Krilen leaned back as he sipped his coffee; his eyes moved from Andrew and over to Benton, “He looks just like Joshua.” He murmured as Benton played on the floor of the kitchen with his cars and making the vroom vroom sound. “What of Sam?” he asked softly, knowing it was a sore subject.The smile on Andrews face did not dim in the least at Krilen’ inquiry, choosing to pretend he didn’t hear the softly spoken words. “Sam, is Sam.” He said as he put his coffee cup down. “I wish I could say things were better, only I can’t. We all know Rajnish reacted very badly to the situation, and he does regret it greatly. Dimitri has already spoken his peace on the subject of Sam.”Krilen looked at Andrew, “But what of you?”“I miss my daughter, Krilen. I miss her like I am missing a piece of myself.” Andrew rubbed his face with his hand and looked his friend right in the eye. “I’ve already told Raj that when we finish with his father, he will bring our daughter home and he will not forbid her to see whomever she wishes to again.”The other man nodded his head and finished his coffee. “It was only to be expected, the more you tell them no, the more they really want it.” Krilen smirked.“True.” Andrew stated as he got up and took their empty cups to the sink, and then turned back towards Krilen. “The small house is finished and fully warded, so Stevens and Fabien can stay there.” He said getting down to business once the pleasantries were out of the way.The Beta nodded his head, “I had a feeling the house would be finished. Though I think I might have you extend the wards, and I will need you to make sure you lock your grotto up tight.” He said and then stood up, “I have a feeling more than Jared is coming this way and I want it protected as best as we can.”Andrew looked at Krilen, his head tilted to the side as if he were looking at the other man through a strange set of glasses. “You need to tell her.”Krilen didn’t pretend not to understand what Andrew meant. He closed his eyes for a moment. “I know. I also know she is going to be pissed as all hell at me.”“Well yes, yes she is. I would be to Krilen. You have been her father for the better part of four years, and finally after waiting so very long, you will finally claim your Omega. She needs to know that when that happens, you won’t cast her out, but she will no longer be first in your mind.”Krilen nodded his head in acknowledgment then bent down and ruffled Benton’s hair, and bid both Andrew and Benton a good day. As he walked out of the cabin and towards his Jeep, part of him felt some relief at having someone else know that soon he would claim an Omega. Climbing into the Jeep, he smiled and with a little wave good-bye to Andrew- who was at the door and holding Benton, he started the Jeep and pulled away from the cabin.He had one other stop before he could return to Scarlet’s and his charge. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Fabien sat atop an over turned bed, his head in his hands; he had some minor bruising and cuts from the car accident. When he had woken up in a strange room, his emotions had been on high alert, and when he saw Stevens talking with a mountain of a man, he almost flipped out right there. The man’s scent had hit Fabien like a train wreck. He kept himself together though; he had learned the hard way that you never ever let on to a potential threat that you might feel some fear of them.Finding out that your lover, a man who you had been seriously thinking about bonding with did not in fact belong to the Coventry Clan. He belonged to a pack. Not just any pack, but a fucking wolf pack. All these years he thought he knew the man he had been sleeping and working with, only to find out that he really didn’t know him at all.He had watched quietly as the wolf left the room and Stevens turned to him. He had listened as Stevens told him, of how Jared the wolf had found him twenty years ago, when he had been at a very low point in his life. How he was given a new purpose, a duty to watch over and protect Alexis Coventry. That Khaja Coventry was not only a shifter but was also in fact a warlock. One who wanted nothing but power, a power that he would then use to rule over the humans.Khaja Coventry had been tainted, Stevens had explained, but the taint did not kill the shifter, but had given the man an uncontrollable hunger for power. Coventry never knew that his wife was unable to bare children after an unfortunate accident with a witch. He had been left totally in the dark until a spy within another wolf pack had learned that Coventry’s wife made a bargain with Mother Luna and was gifted with an emerald eyed, fire haired daughter.When Coventry found out, he had hunted down his missing wife, had her killed and stolen the child. The shifter had taken one look upon the child his wife bore and felt the untapped power that rolled within the small girl. He then kept his daughter under lock and key, protected and close to him at all times, as he slowly siphoned off the child’s power.All the while, Alexis never knowing that her own father was slowly killing her, bit-by-bit, one little sparks of power at a time.The destruction of the room that Fabien and Stevens were in was because of him. Everything that Stevens told him. A child who literally was the chosen child of Mother Luna, who had grown up believing that no one loved her, that no one truly understood her. Believing that her mother was dead, who in fact was still very much alive. That this whole time at any given time there were at least three pairs of eyes that followed Alexis Coventry around, eyes that belonged to brothers she did not know of and wolves that would lay their very lives down to protect her.Fabien had been working with Coventry Inc for close to eighteen years. He had been brought into the Clan by Coventry himself. He had taken notice of Stevens but had never made any outward show of interest towards the other man, for he truly thought the shifter was of a higher rank then he had been. Then he was partnered with him to shadow Alexis, but it was a blow he was not prepared for. He had always assumed that Coventry had chosen him specifically for the job and then after working with Stevens for a few years, he then was stupid enough to believe when Stevens had told him, when he had asked once, that Stevens had asked Coventry to partner them together.Only to have Stevens shatter that belief in under five seconds when he had just told him that it was Jared, that had pointed him out to Stevens. That the wolf had chosen him, stating that Fabien’s talents and skills would match well with Stevens. In a fit of utter rage, Fabien had destroyed the room, overturning the beds, throwing tables, shredding the walls and even shattered the window. All the while he raged, Stevens just stood there, still as a statue, never once moving, showing no sign of fear or worry at his show of deadly force.Fabien lifted his head from his hands and looked over at a man that he had come to love so very deeply. A man that he was going to ask to mark him permanently. If he had been anyone else, Fabien honestly believed he would have killed Stevens in his rage at this betrayal.“In all our years together, I would never have taken you for an actor, Stevens.” Fabien said his voice scratchy with pure unadulterated pain that seemed to come from the very depths of his soul.Stevens flinched at his words. Fabien could see in his lovers sky blue eyes that he was in just as much pain as he himself was feeling.“I am not.” Stevens spoke softly.Fabien snorted at that, “You sure fooled me.” He replied his voice devoid of any emotion.Stevens took a small tentative step towards Fabien, as if the other man would attack him after his show of destruction. “When Coventry assigned me to follow Alexis, I had a partner, we worked well together. However, she was replaced with another after a year, when it was noticed that she was growing attached to Alexis. I don’t mean that she felt pity or sympathy for the girl, I mean, that she attacked Alexis, tried to rape her. I had the misfortune of having to retire the woman.” A he spoke he slowly moved closer to Fabien, needing to touch the man, but so terribly afraid to. “I was given many more partners that never lasted more than a few months with me. Coventry didn’t care who I partnered with as long as I did my job, and damnit, I did my job well, but I was becoming irritated at the lack of help.”He stopped two feet away from Fabien; his head lowered but kept his eyes locked with obsidian eyes. “I have two jobs, Fabien. Two. One is to make Coventry believe whole-heartedly that I belong to him in every way, and the second, to protect Alexis no matter the cost. Be it my life or a humans, it matters not.” Stevens ran a hand through his short hair, in a rare show of nerves. “When I had the chance, I spoke with Jared, who is a mated Alpha to a woman who would burn the world to ash if Alexis were to be killed or harmed. You don’t remember him, but he met you two years after Coventry accepted you into his Clan. He was the one who said that my perfect match would be you.” Stevens turned his head away, eyes falling shut. “I didn’t understand what he meant,” eyes open and looking back at the man he loved more than his own life.“I understand what he meant now.” He sighed and closed the small distance between them, stepping in between Fabien’s bent knees, slowly, ever so slowly he brought his hands up and cupped his lovers face in his large hands. “Not everything I ever told you was a lie. More than half of what I have ever told you, Fabien has been truth. Yes, I lied when you asked if I had picked you, but when I took you to my bed that first time; it was not because of Jared or Coventry. I took you to my bed, because for the first time in my life I had found someone who made me feel whole again. Our first time together made me feel as if I had finally found what I have been looking for my whole life.”Fabien’s eyes fell closed when Stevens hands cupped his face, his heart was pounding in his chest, a single tear rolled down his cheek and was gently wiped away by Stevens thumb. He took a long deep breath and slowly exhaled as he opened his eyes and looked at his lover. “I love you, Stevens. I have loved you for so very long, and I want us to be true mates.” He said softly.Stevens’ eyes widened as the words registered. “You… Soul-binding?” he questioned softly, his body slowly letting go of the tension he had been holding onto since waking up in this room. Without even realizing, it his breathing and heart beat began to sync with Fabien’s.“Yes.” Fabien whispered just as softly.Letting his head fall forward, their foreheads resting together, Stevens breathed one word. “Yes.” There was so much emotion in that one word, and when their lips met in a soft kiss sparks of electricity ignited between the two men. “Yes, always. Everything, my heart.”There was a sweet edge of slow desperation to their kiss as Stevens moved even closer to Fabien. The younger man moved his hands and grabbed a hold of Stevens hips as he tilted his head to deepen the kiss. Stevens moaned against his lover’s mouth as his mate’s hands gently squeezed his firm ass.Stevens’ hands went to the ties at the neck of Fabien’s gown and gently pulled the cord loose. Taking the gown in one hand, he pulled it off Fabien and tossed it across the room. They resumed kissing slow and full of so much love that Stevens’ thought he could hear tiny angels singing in joy.With gentle hands, Steven gently maneuvered both Fabien and the bed to lay down, which he did slowly with a wince of pain. Stevens upon seeing this, he took off his own gown and slowly crawled onto the bed to hover over the other man. He brought his hands to rest just under Fabien’s armpits and his knees on either side of his hips. He looked Fabien in the eyes and smiled, making Fabien smile as well. Stevens leaned down and pressed a kiss to his mate’s throat, so gently it almost felt like a butterfly had landed there.Then he buried his face in Fabien’s neck and slowly lowered himself down between his lovers’ legs. When both cocks met, both men groaned in unison, Fabien couldn’t help but buck up and when he did, he remembered why he shouldn’t and whimpered in pain. Stevens abruptly lifted off him and looked at him with worried eyes.“You alright?” he asked.Fabien squeezed his eyes shut and grimaced as he moved to a more comfortable position. “Yeah, my back though, it’s quite tender.”Stevens searched his eyes and realized that now wasn’t a good time to be making love. He leaned to his side on one elbow and gently carded long fingers through his mate’s hair. “I can actually hear my cock cry out as I say this, but,” he cupped Fabien’s cheek tenderly. “We should wait until we are both healed. I don’t want to hurt you.” Fabien’s eyes closed as he nuzzled into Stevens’ open palm and nodded.“Though, I will do one thing.” He murmured, as he gently tilted Fabien’s head aside, he lowered his head, placing a soft kiss upon the skin and then quick as lightning, he bit down, hard and deep into Fabien’s neck, teeth changing into fangs as they dug deeper into the muscle.Fabien grit his teeth together and kept as still as possible, knowing that if he moved it could end badly for both of them. The mark Stevens was rending into his flesh would be just a precursor to things that will come later, and knowing the magic of the bite, sooner rather than later, he just hoped serious shit wasn’t going down when the magic hit them both.Stevens pulled his teeth from the wound and licked what little blood had trickled from it. He lapped at the wound for a few more seconds until he was sure it wouldn’t bleed freely. Lifting his head up and looking at his lover, he smiled softly as Fabien’s eyes began to droop. Settling down next to him, he placed his head on his mate’s chest, directly over his heart, and fell asleep to the gentle beat. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Jared stood just outside the door of the room; he had known exactly how Fabien would react to the news. It was once of the many reasons he fully believed that they matched so very well. Stevens would tell Fabien everything in calm precise words and then he would stand there still as a statue, while Fabien raged around him. If he had felt at any moment that Fabien would actually hurt Stevens, Jared would have stepped in and taken the blunt of Fabien’s rage.He listened quietly before turning from the door as he heard a vehicle pull up in front of the house. Jared tried very hard not to laugh as the sounds and smells came through the door, ~no way that’s happening any time soon~ he thought as he made his way to the front door, just as it opened and in walked Krilen.Jared smiled at the man as they both came to a stop, and their heads turned towards the bedroom door.“Are they…?” Krilen trailed off, a look of surprised shock on his face as he asked his Alpha as not only the smells of arousal but of blood and magic hit him.Jared tilted his head as if he were listening to something that only he could hear. “No, but they did start it.” He murmured, then turned back towards his First Beta with a small smile. “It’s going to be one very interesting night.”Krilen laughed softly when the sound from the room quieted down to nothing. “Andrew has the house ready for them. I have also requested that Andrew widen the radius of the wards, just to be safe.” He said.Jared nodded his head as he listened to Krilen and walked out the door, he stood on the porch of the rundown derelict house they were taking refuge in that over looked an almost dry lake. Krilen closed the door behind him as he came to stand next to his Alpha.“Khaja will be angry. I’m not sure how Dimitri and Ze’el will retrieve Rajnish, but I do know they will be using the Ways to come here.” Jared said as he looked up at the sky, a slight frown on his face, “I will need you and Eric to keep everything together. I have two things to do before I return to the Pack.”Krilen stood taller as he too watched the sun with his Alpha. “What shall I tell Alpha Leader?” he inquired.Jared took a deep breath and slowly exhaled, then leaned his shoulder against Krilen’s. “Tell her it’s time.” He tilted his head towards his Beta, “You’ve waited long enough for your Omega.” He said softly to the other man.Krilen held himself still, mentally calming his heartbeat and his wolf’s desire to claim what belonged to it. “Truly, Alpha?” he whispered trying desperately not to get his hopes up.“If I know Nathaniel and I do. You will need to do some kind of damage control.” Jared replied and then straightened up. “You should go, they are waking and we need to start this before the sun sets.”The younger man nodded his head at his Alpha and walked down the steps of the porch and over to his Jeep. “I wish you well, Alpha.”With a heavy sigh, Jared turned back around, opening the door and disappeared back into the house as the Jeep disappeared from sight. He walked through the small house, he rapped his knuckles against the door to the only room of the house and opened it, not caring if they were dressed or not. Stepping into the room, he saw that they were still naked; they both looked at him with somewhat glazed eyes. Already Jared could feel the magic of the mating bond working, he knew without a doubt that before the night was out they would be fully mated, ~if the magic lets them wait that long~He walked over to the beat up bed they were laying upon. He shook his head no as they both moved to get up. “It will be easier for me if you both stay where you are.” He said.Fabien and Stevens watched him, neither knew what Jared was about to do, and tried not to move as they saw shadows peel off the walls and crawl across the floor, shadows slowly inched their way up the metal frame of the bed and began to wrap warm wispy fingers around them. The last thing they saw before the Shadows completely took them, was the eerily glowing ice blue of Jared’s eyes and then they knew nothing.

When they opened their eyes again, they were laying in a large bed in a very nice bedroom. Jared stood at the foot of said bed watching them. Stevens sat up eyes locked on Jared. “Where are we?” he asked.Before Jared could answer a medium built man with dark wavy hair and gray eyes, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt walked into the room, he had an arm full of clothes folded in his arms. “You are in my guest house. I normally use it for family members of my patient’s, you two will be using it until I can get the guest bedroom looking more like a bedroom then a kids playroom.” He said as he walked over and placed the clothing on the bed. “I’m Andrew by the way…” he would have said more, but stopped when Jared placed a hand on his bicep.He looked up at Jared, “Dad?” he inquired softly.“I must go. Make sure the wards around the grotto are as tight as you can make them.” He looked his adopted son in the eye, “This is very important. If Coventry knows of that grotto, it will become a whole lot worse.” He said and without another word, he was gone in a blink.Andrew sighed out loud. “I swear on all that is holy, I truly hate when he does that.” He shook his head and turned back towards the two new members of his pack. “The clothes should fit, Ze’el gave me your sizes a while ago. I also recommend that before you come into the main house, which is right outside the front door, that you both take care of your bond. I’ve been Soul-bonded for more years than you’ve been alive and even I feel the need to climb into bed with you two.” he said with a wry smile, turning he left the room.Stevens looked over at the closed door and then back at Fabien, “How do you feel?” he asked, his voice dropping in pitch. He could feel the magic well up inside him.Fabien stretched and then grinned at Stevens, “Like I could fuck all night.” He rasped and lunged at Stevens, his mouth pressed tight to his mate’s lips, teeth clashing painfully. Need burning inside him, the need to complete what was started felt like fire burning inside him.Stevens’ wrapped long arms around his mate’s neck as the fire within him slowly consumed him. They licked inside each other’s mouths like they were dying and the only things that was going to keep them alive was each other. Stevens’ broke the kiss gasping for air and tilted his head back.Fabien couldn’t stop kissing him, he licked the dimple in Stevens chin and then bit it, making the other man moan. He moved his lips across a stubbled cheek, feeling the burn of stubble and reveling in it. Moving swollen lips down his neck, he bit deep and hard into Stevens’ neck where neck met shoulder. His teeth digging in deep, leaving a mark for all to see. He pulled his teeth from his mate’s neck, licking up the blood, the pleasure making the other man arch achingly into Fabien. Both men moaned loudly when their swollen cocks came into firmer contact.Both sets of eyes flashed yellow as Stevens’ pushed Fabien down sideways onto the bed. “I’m going to fuck you so hard you won’t be able to walk.” He growled as he pounced.“James…” Fabien gasped out his lovers name as he attached himself to Fabien’s nipple, biting and sucking, leaving a bruise in his wake, forcing an incoherent scream from Fabien.Stevens grabbed both of Fabien’s legs and lifted them over his shoulders. “I need you right now.” He growled out, his chest heaving as he slowly lost his grip on his control.Fabien nodded his head, as Stevens grinned wickedly and held two fingers up to his mouth. Fabien drew them in like he was a starving man and lapped at them, swirling his nimble tongue around the digits. They never took their eyes away from each other as Stevens thrust his fingers in and out of Fabien’s mouth. His hips stuttered out an uneven rhythm against his lover’s ass he couldn’t seem to control.With a lewd pop, Stevens pulled his fingers out of Fabien’s mouth and then quickly, with no finesse at all penetrated his lover’s hole, forcing Fabien to clench his hands into the bed sheets, screaming his lovers name as his prostate was relentlessly flicked and prodded.“Now god damnit!” Fabien pleaded, “I’m ready, fuck the lube.”“No,” Stevens said, spitting into his hand and wrapping it around his leaking cock. “I’ll be fucking you.” With one hard thrust, Stevens buried himself balls deep within Fabien.Both men shuddered as the magic started swirling in and around them, slow at first and then faster, pushing them to the brink, making it impossible to ignore the demand. Fabien brought sweat slick hands up and grasped Stevens’ arms as he began to thrust, setting a brutal pace. Later they would go slow, but right now, they needed this, needed to finish what was started years ago.The sweet sound of skin slapping skin could be heard throughout the room, as Stevens growled, he needed deeper. Taking his mate’s legs off his shoulders, he pushed them back to where his knees touched his chest, with one arm he held them down and rutted faster. The new position had Stevens nailing Fabien’s prostate with each rapid thrust.No words were said, they couldn’t, the demand of the bond was taking up most of their higher brain functions. Fabien was close and he knew it, the magic was demanding release and who was he to say no. So, he clenched down hard around the cock inside him, as hard as he could, making the other man moan brokenly and slam harder into him.“I love you,” Stevens growled out, eyes completely yellow.That was all it took to send Fabien over the edge, “James!” He cried, voice hoarse as streams of thick cum splashed all over Stevens stomach and his own chest.All it took for Stevens to break was hearing his first name cried out with such love and passion, and he was slamming home, whispering Fabien’s name as he came inside his mate.Collapsing on top of his lover’s chest as he began to purr, and Fabien responded to his purr with one of his own. They both laid there breathing as one, as the magic of the bond slowly sank into their skin, images of their lives slowly flashed behind closed eyes, as their hearts beat in time and their souls wound around each other like missing puzzle pieces. Fabien brought his arms up, wrapped them around Stevens, and held on just as tight as his soul was. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Shadows concealed what one did not want to see, they hid things from sight with a gentle brush of darkness. The Shadow realm belonged to the Goddess Luna and few could travel her realm. One needed to have a touch of darkness within one’s self in order to pass through the realm untouched, or to be touched by Luna herself, bare her mark upon your flesh. For what roamed the once beautiful realm, were twisted and dark Furies. That at one point in their life had been whole shifters themselves. Luna bestowed their continued life upon them and allowed them to roam her realm freely.Many years ago before Jared was even considered a man, he was born into a poor family in a wealthy country village. He fell in love with a beautiful young girl barely on the cusp of womanhood. She was the daughter of a Senior Council Elder and held a much higher station than he ever hoped to hold. However, they still managed to sneak away from prying eyes to be together.One fateful night her father found them, and as her father locked her away behind Council walls. Her father sent hunters after Jared and with a heavy heart, he fled, leaving behind a young girl, he had grown to love with every fiber of his being. It was during that time that the Shadows called out to him not knowing that it was Luna herself that called to him, gave him a place to hide, a place to be safe from those that hunted him, and without a look back he stepped into a world he was unprepared for.The Shadow realm was not that different from the daylight world, just darker and with many more shadows, and with darker horrors that roamed the shadows. It was here that Jared learned to harness the power of the realm, to bend it to his will and do his bidding. Within the Shadow realm, Luna had marked him as one of her chosen; and with it came power that took years to harness. Time within Shadows moves at a much faster pace than in the mortal world, once Jared had mastered the power he was given, he used it as if he had been born to it. Moreover, it was through this world that he walked to the hidden home of one dear to his mate’s heart, it was a place removed from the mortal world. Hidden from all those but for a select few who knew how to get there.He stepped out of Shadows and onto a path of trees that arched overhead, and seemed to glow with a truly magical light. The realm of the fairies was a truly magical place. He could feel eyes upon him and smiled softly, for they were nothing more than simple pixies that flittered through the light that was showing through the trees. They would just watch him pass unharmed for he did not mean harm to the well or the mistress of the well.The path had centuries of leaves and twigs that seemed never changing that lay up the sides of the path laying near the bases of trees. If you disturbed them, smells of long ago wafted to your nose and recalled things you thought lost. Birds could be heard chirping and singing to each other as Jared wandered further along the path. He couldn’t see the birds but he knew they were there.The fairies were the same, always out of the corners of his eyes would he spot a flash of color and just when he thought he would see something, a tinkling giggle would be heard. The fairies were playing with him. He smiled and continued to walk, a breeze, cool and fragrant with thousands of flowers caressed his face as he walked further down the path, soft green light lighting his way.It was a gentle walk, it might seem to those that have never been to this place as if the path would never end, but it truly was only a few moments in time. As he came off the path, he stepped into a garden. A garden that truly was magical and precious, for what bloomed here had never been seen nor had been touched by human hands. The sun was brighter here unfiltered by smog and pollution, as the canopy overhead grew thinner. Instead, there was short flowering trees and bushes with the most colorful flowers anywhere blooming and throwing their scent. As he walked up the stone steps, his fingers brushed leaves and flowers, taking in the smell of honeysuckle and bluebells that always seemed to be in bloom.He ducked under a low hanging branch, pushing aside leafy flowers and came upon the house hidden in the middle of this magical bubble. Just looking at the house and one knew the house was old, that this house had seen things and borne through and weathered many a storm, it was a true testament to the builder of the house that it still stood strong. Ivy and moss grew upon the house that was built with brick, stone and an old tree that had fossilized over time to become harder then rock. Closer to the house was a babbling brook with stones shining and flashing colors from the bottom. Rainbow fish smaller than a man’s thumb flashed and darted through the water.Next to the river was a waterfall coming from the middle of a hill, the water was doing the impossible and flowing upwards to splash down, the waterfall was made from steps of giant stones and pockets of water. Surrounding the waterfall were tables made of rock with flora, trees and bushes. He was half way across the yard, when a beautiful woman with long dark brown hair and beautiful blue green eyes, stepped out onto the porch. She was dressed simply in a flowing blue tunic and dark brown pants, and simple sandals on her feet.Jared stopped at the foot of the stairs of the house and waited for her to speak. He may have brought her here to keep her safe, but it was the fairies that ruled this realm that have granted her power, and for that alone he showed respect by waiting for her to make the first move.“It has been many a time since I have last laid eyes upon you, Shadow wolf.” She said, her voice carried a light accent and sounded musical to the ear. Her gazed traveled the length of Jared as he stood waiting for her decision. Slow and precise steps, she stepped down the stairs before throwing herself at Jared, her arms wrapping around him as she buried her face in the side of his neck.Jared caught her smoothly, his own arms wrapping around her small body, and breathed in her scent as she shook with emotion. “It is as we have feared.” He whispered into her ear.With a gasp, she pulled away from him, stepping back onto the steps, eyes wide. “No.” she whispered harshly stepping even farther away from him, fear radiating off her with every breath she took. “No,” she said again, her body trembled slightly.His eyes told all as he looked at her. “You know full well that Scarlet would never lie about this. Alexis is as much her daughter as she is yours. Khaja is coming and already the magic within Alexis is breaking through the walls that Scarlet placed there. She fears they will fall before too long, and if they fall…” he trailed off not quite sure how to continue.“If they fall before Khaja is stopped. She will come and we know what will happen if she does.” The woman finished for him instead.“Sasha… please,” Jared begged.Sasha closed her eyes for but a moment and that was all it seemed was all she needed to gather her strength, and she opened her eyes again and looked Jared in the eye. “It will take but a moment to lock the wards.” She said and then turned around and walked back up the steps, “I will make my own way to my Heart Sisters home.” Flowed over her shoulder to him.Jared sighed at the clear dismissal, he had hoped for a warmer welcome but he knew full well that would not have happened. Not with the news he had brought her, he stared at the house she disappeared back into, took a breath of pure fresh air before he too turned and retraced his steps back the way he had come.~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Tevin’s paws hit the dirt, nails digging into the ground forcing his legs to move faster. He needed to get away, his body weaving through the tightly packed trees. In all his years as a wolf had he ever shifted so fast, for the first time in his life, he didn’t think about it. He just let it happen, let the wolf flee. For that is exactly what he was doing, fleeing from Nathaniel and his mate. His Alpha.It just kept running through his mind on a loop, that he wasn’t wanted, that he was damaged and would never be wanted. No matter what he did, he would never be wanted. All these years he had held a hope that he would be claimed, that the scars he bore upon his flesh were not hideous and could be over looked.*Nothing. I am nothing* he thought as he ran over uneven terrain, paws flying across the ground, he barely even saw where he was running too, he just knew he had to get away. *Far away* his ears twitched when the sound of his nails clicking across wood, but he never slowed down, just kept running.Before too long he had no choice but to stop for as he came pelting through the trees, he came to a dead stop as the ground gave way to a small body of water. He stood on the edge of the pool, panting heavily, saliva dripping from his tongue that was hanging out of his mouth as he sat down hard and did something that he swore to himself that he would never do. Ever. He lifted his muzzle to the sky and howled a long mournful howl, that would have humans crying at the utter heartbreak that rolled along that lone howl.If wolves could cry tears of heartbreak, tears would stream from his eyes and down his fur to hit the ground where they would be soaked up. He howled for what felt like hours before he finally stopped and dropped to the ground his head flat on the ground between his paws. He gave a sad painful whimper as his eyes fell upon the pool of water, and wished for the first time in his life that Scarlet had not saved him that fateful day.As he lay there his gaze was on the pool before him, but he did not see the pool for his mind was back in the past. Back when he first changed into a wolf.

 Tevin had grown up knowing that he would be a wolf, his father was a wolf as was his mother. But unlike most wolves he did not change as a child, it was something that his father had felt that he was a damaged wolf. For what human shifter born of two human wolf shifters did not change as a child?

He had grown up feeling like something was missing, like a part of him was just not there. His father was an important Beta within the pack, and whenever his father looked upon him, he could always feel his father’s anger at his inability to change. His mother would always comfort him after fights with his father, she was the one to tell him that he was an Omega and that sometimes, rare, but it still happened that some Omegas did not change until they hit puberty. Or in his case as he found out on his nineteenth birthday extreme emotional stress will force the change.

Tevin had gone out with some of his housemates to a Cal-Si party for his birthday, it was a hell of a bash. Lots of alcohol and drugs, though he had kept away from both, not wanting to be trashed, he had an exam in the morning. He spent most of that night with his buddies waiting for his freaking boyfriend to show up, only to find him in one of the rooms fucking some girl. He had been pissed and a little hurt, said some words that he would never take back and left the party without telling anyone.

Whenever he was angry or upset he always went home and since home was only a few miles away from the collage, he chose to walk home. He walked up the driveway of his parent’s house, frowned a little in confusion as he saw that the lights were off. It wasn’t that late, and his mother always stayed up well past midnight working in her office. The huge house was dark. The porch light wasn’t even on, his heart began to beat a little faster with worry, she hadn’t told him they were going anywhere.

Tevin tried the door and was surprised when the door opened under his touch. His heart now beating faster, he walked into his parents home and turned on the entryway light and saw the hall table was over turned, turning on more lights revealed more damaged. He found nothing on the first floor, so he made his way up the stairs to the second floor. For the first time in his young life he wished he had the heightened senses of a wolf, because he would have been able to hear if anyone was home or if anything was truly wrong.

He was halfway up the stairs when he heard a muffled grunt followed by a thump, after that he didn’t think, he just ran towards the sound. Skidding to a stop across the hardwood floor in front of the master bedroom, it was there that he saw it. His mother lay across the large bed, torn and shredded, blood soaked into the bed. He heard another thump that came from the bathroom, he moved silently but quickly, and what his saw scared him beyond anything in his life.

A Fury stood over his father, who was still alive, just barely. His father saw him and gasped out a ‘no’, which drew the Fury’s attention. Tevin saw his father try and keep the Fury on himself, but it just lifted its massive clawed hands and twist his father’s head, the sound of snapping bone and popping tendons will stay with him for eternity. As the Fury dropped his father’s body to the bathroom floor, Tevin turned and ran. As he flew down the hallway and down the stairs, he could hear the Fury behind him.

His heart was pounding in his chest so hard and fast that he was sure he was about to die. As he flew out the front door, he saw a seam open several feet in front of him, but he was moving too fast that he couldn’t stop and he went flying through the seam and into another world.

As his feet hit the ground of this dark world, he felt something shift inside him. Tevin didn’t know where the fuck he was all he knew was that he had to get the fuck away, and as he ran his body did something he had always wished it would do. He shifted. He went from running on two legs to four, and the world around him shifted. It became darker, almost sinister in its darkness and he could hear howls coming from behind him as he ran blindly.

Time seemed to flash before him in a blink of an eye, he had ran for what felt like miles when they had come out of the ghostly fog from all sides. Their eerie red and green eyes glowing with a violent hunger, and then they were upon him. Tearing into him with claws and fangs, slicing him open, he could feel as his blood poured out of him. As he fought them off as best he could, he felt himself grow weaker from his wounds and blood loss. As he fell to the ground for the last time, the last thing he saw before he fell into unconsciousness, were glowing blue eyes that flew at the Fury that was on top of him and then glowing yellow eyes that stood over him in a protective stance and then he knew no more.

With his mind, so far in the past he never saw the surface of the pool ripple.

Krilen flew out of the house leaving behind him deadly silence, but he didn’t care, all he cared about at this moment was that his Omega had fled blindly down the south path. In his mental state, any number of things could and would seep out of the ground to latch onto something with that much pain welling up inside them. He didn’t care that he was ignoring his duty to his Alpha Leader, at this moment he would forsake his Alpha Leader, for his Omega, the other half of his soul was in agony and that was all that he cared about.As he passed through the archway of the grotto a low heartbreaking howl pierced the air, and Krilen made himself run faster. Pushing himself beyond his limits just to reach Tevin. Unlike Tevin, Krilen knew these lands as well as Jared and Scarlet. He was the one to always run the whole of the lands keeping humans from stepping into places that they did not belong. These lands had been touched by Gods and it was part of his duty to protect these grounds, to keep anything that would use the power that could be found in the hidden grottos scattered around the property from abusing it. These grottos were sacred and must be protected at all costs.The path to this particular grotto was more magical than the others, the bridge its self was held together with only the oldest of magic. It was a sentry of sorts to the grotto. If you were allowed to cross, the branches and logs would rise from the ravine below like ghosts to form a bridge for you to walk across. Once you are on the other side the bridge would slowly fall away to disappear once more, it was like it had a mind of its own. Intelligent thought. The ravine below the bridge was alive with weather that shouldn’t be able to exist so far down. You heard great gusts of wind whistling below your feet and sometimes it sounded like it was going through branches of trees filled with dry autumn leaves, but there were no trees down there. Just Shadows.Once on solid grown on the other side you became enveloped in green, so many different shades of it. The trees held secrets as you passed by, for they whispered. Few who passed by even though they were granted access still wished to not be there. If you could make it across and you made it out the other side, you entered a forest where giant roots of timeless trees reached for the sky longing to feel the sun on them. The light was muted and gold with dancing spots of light that you sometimes caught flashed of brighter light dancing inside just on the edges of your sight. A cool mist seemed to always float through the trees and that felt like fingers caressing you as you walked through it.At the end of the south path was a pool, the color was what caught you off guard at first. Everything was brighter, sharper, crisper even. The end of the footpath ended directly at the edge of a pool of water. The ground was about twelve feet wide, around the pond was bare with nothing around it. Then trees, which looked to be plucked out of other worlds and planted there, surrounded the rest of the pond. Great branches covered in sparkling moss or others that dripped purple water as they hung over the pool.To humans and magically null shifters, it looked to be a simple pool, even wolves that could see and feel the magic would not know of the true danger that lay just beneath the surface of the water. What lay beneath the calm surface hungered not just for flesh and blood but for pain, a pain that reached into the very depths of one’s soul, and it would seduce you, tempt you to step into the calm water and once you did, nothing could save you from what lay beneath. The Weaver had banished its sibling the Wyrm from all the realms, banished it to the only place it could, without destroying the realms or them. So it lay beneath the surface of the pool, lying in wait for one to come close enough, and it would tempt the broken to step into the water.The water of the pool itself was a milky white blue color. No one actually knew how deep it was, because no one was ever allowed in it. Sometimes if you sat there long enough and stared all day, you would see tiny bubbles pop on the surface or sometimes if you sat there longer, the water would ripple.Krilen’s heart almost stopped dead in his chest as he crossed the wooden bridge as the sound of the howl died off, and was not picked up again. His body was screaming at him to slow down that he was putting too much strain on himself, but he could not. He had waited so very long for Tevin, had been alone for too long, that he could not go back to that. Not now, that Tevin was right there just in his grasp.He came to a sudden stop, his paws sliding along the dirt, tearing up the earth just moments before his paws hit the edge of the pool. His heart beating fast as he scrambled away from the edge.Tevin lifted his head at the sudden noise and saw Krilen come to a sliding stop a few feet from him, he just laid his head back down on the ground and turned his eyes back to the pool.Krilen shook himself as he got his breathing back under control, not once did he take his gaze off the beautiful wolf in front of him. His heart slowed down as he saw that Tevin was several feet away from the edge and looked to have not once moved away from where he lay.*One would think, you were a foolish pup to go running blindly across lands you know nothing about* he spoke, his tone stern but soft as he walked over to Tevin. *Do you know of this place, Tevin?**What does it matter?* Tevin replied, his voice bland, almost devoid of emotion but Krilen heard the pain that lay under the words.Krilen stepped between Tevin and the pool, in doing so it forced Tevin up off the ground and to back away, unless he wanted to be stepped on. Krilen pushed his head and body up against Tevin’s in what could not be missed by other wolves as a gesture given to their mates that are in pain.*This pool is older than time itself. It is believed life crawled from this pool to roam the lands, many believe that nothing remains in the pool, but they are fools. Something remains within the pool, something that even if you were not feeling the way you were, it would want you.* Krilen’s voice held a sort of harsh knowledge, as if he had once looked beneath the surface of the pool and what he saw changed him for all time.*What does it matter?* Tevin asked again this time not hiding the pain he felt.Krilen chuffed a sigh. *You are marked, my heart. The day you stepped into the Shadow realm and the Furies tore into you. They left their mark upon your soul, and what lays beneath the surface of that pool wants that mark so very desperately.*Tevin looked around Krilen, and for the first time noticed that the surface of the pool was no longer calm and still, but it rippled as if someone had tossed a pebble into the center of it. If he looked hard enough he could almost make out something just under the ripples. *Then maybe I should give it what it wants?*Krilen whimpered, he rubbed his muzzle against Tevins and then licked a soft kiss across his nose. *Please don’t.* he said softly.Tevin looked at Krilen, *Why? If I am marked as you say, then what good am I? I am an unmarked Omega that is tainted, I should not have been allowed to live.*A growl rumbled out of Krilen’s chest. *You are not tainted* he snarled. *She almost died removing the taint from you. There is none left. You are as clean as the day you were born.*The longer Tevin looked at Krilen, the more he remembered what Nathaniel and Jared had said to him about Krilen. He tilted his head in the ever-eternal tilt of question. *They said you’ve wanted me since the day she saved me?*

*Yes. From the moment Nathaniel carried you from the car and placed you on the alter, it was as if your very scent was branded into my soul.*

*Then why have you not done anything or said anything?* Tevin demanded, a small rumble of a growl rattled around his chest.Krilen stepped even closer to his Omega. *I could not. If I had the dynamics of the Pack would have shifted and not for the better. If I had claimed you, even though the Pack and the Council believed that you belonged to our Alpha Leader, I would have been killed for taking what did not belong to me.* he rubbed his face against his Omegas, his nose buried in his neck. *They would have taken you and given you to the Council, where you would become their whore. So I did as I was asked, and I waited.* he said and nipped gently at Tevins neck.Tevin’s eyes fell closed as he finally let go of the pain that was rolling through him, and as the pain gave way, a new feeling began to crawl in, a familiar feeling, that had always been there. His head snapped back from Krilen, a look of shock, if a wolf could have a look of shock took over his face as he looked at Krilen. *You! It is you I have felt, this whole time I thought it was Nathaniel, but it was you?*Krilen’s eyes fell closed, *Yes, just as I have always felt you.* he breathed a sigh as finally after all these years, that connection he had with Tevin, rippled and sang with an answering tug. *I want more than anything to mate and mark you Tevin but we cannot do that here*Tevin stepped away from Krilen, tilting his head at the gray wolf. *Is what is under that pool, truly that horrible?* he asked curious now.Krilen kept himself between Tevin and the pool, *Yes. It cannot breach the waters unless one has already stepped within them.**Then why…?* Tevin trailed off as Krilen growled deep in his chest. Tevin at first thought the gray was growling at him, but when he looked, he saw Krilen facing the pool.Krilen had felt the magic shift beneath his paws and turned towards the pool. The surface was no longer calm; it was now a rolling churning storm of water. He growled, his lips peeling back from his teeth as a snarl ripped from him. Krilen twitched an ear, when he felt Tevin step up against him, placing his body flush with his.*What is it?* Tevin asked softly, he could see something a darker blue just beneath the churning water, but that was all he could see and he could just faintly feel a presence, almost cloying. He wanted to run from here.*The Wyrm.* Krilen snarled out, *We must leave this place now, for I fear it might tempt its prison and leave the pool*He got no argument with Tevin and as one, they turned from the pool and ran as fast as their legs could take them.They ran from the pool and what lay beneath the surface, they ran across the bridge. When they were across and on the other side, Tevin nipped playfully at Krilen, he couldn’t explain it, but when they were halfway across the bridge it felt like a heavy weight had been lifted off his shoulders and he felt a warm gentle pulse inside him that he would bet money on was Krilen. ~We’re not even mated yet and it feels as if we are in the second stages of it~ he thought to himself as he pranced beside Krilen.He knew what he was doing had to be teasing Krilen, he also knew that after the emotional hell he just went through, he wanted Krilen to just take him as if they were true wolves. So, he playfully danced around Krilen, waving his tail end to waft his scent at the other wolf.Krilen watched Tevin prance around him as if he were in heat and fuck if that thought didn’t just have him falling into high gear, they were just entering the second grotto when Krilen growled low in his chest at the other wolf, who practically shoved his tail in his face. *Fuck* Krilen said and was on Tevin, mounting him without a second thought.Tevin moved his tail out of the way and held still as he vibrated with suppressed energy as he took Krilen’s weight, his panting breath in his ears as the gray wolf slid inside him in one smooth move, there was a second of a pause and then it was as fast as they needed. Krilen literally mated him as if he was a bitch and then it hit him, he wasn’t wearing his bracelet, *Fuck Krilen…* he breathed out.*I know…* Krilen gasped out as he pushed his knot fully inside, rutting Tevin as the knot locked in place and then he filled his mate to the brim with his seed, *my pup* he snarled and then bit the back of Tevin’s neck, sending the other wolf into his own orgasm.Tevin folded his legs under him to lay on the ground, with Krilen still attached inside him.*I wasn’t planning for this to happen yet.* Krilen said softly.Tevin tensed at his words.*I meant the pup* he rushed to reassure his mate.Tevin relaxed under him, *I wasn’t really expecting to be mated and marked. I would have preferred to wait but well, we are in the grotto.* he said to the gray wolf.Krilen cuffed a laugh, *I have dreamed of you swollen with my pups for years.* he said softly.They talked for a long time as they laid there still connected the whole time; Krilen was still pumping seed into his womb, they both knew when they pulled apart and returned to the house there would be a pup growing within him. He knew the coming fight he was going to need to stay out of it, for fear of losing this pup, already Tevin could feel his body changing, feel something shift within his abdomen. Life was starting to grow inside him and he could feel it.Krilen licked his face as he slide out of him. *I love you* he said softly.When Krilen stepped away from Tevin and shook himself, *I don’t know how I feel at this very moment, but I do know that I could love you, very easily.* Tevin told him just as softly.The gray wolf walked up to his mate, and with a loving and gently head butt to the side of Tevin’s muzzle, then a quick swipe of a tongue across the nose. *We should get back to the house. I left when I shouldn’t have.* Krilen told him.Tevin shook his fur, *Yeah, this is going to be fun.* he replied voice dripping with sarcasm. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Scarlet visibly sighed as silence reined through the first floor. Everyone looked between Lexis and Scarlet, as well as looking at Jared, they knew something had changed. Nathaniel was literally reeking of another wolf, that and Lexie was vibrating with restrained agitation that had shot through her blood when she got a good look at Jared.“Your father is a tainted shifter. He is also the first of his kind to use magic. The taint has made him hunger for more magic, more power.” Scarlet said while looking Lexie in the eye. “You have a well of power within you that keeps you connected to Mother Luna, and that connection makes you dangerous and very very precious. Your father, since he stole you when you were three has been tapping into that well and taking what is not his and it’s been slowly killing you.” Scarlet said bluntly.Lexie looked at Scarlet, she felt like the Alpha had just sucker punched her. She had been filling in the blanks for the past week and this was nowhere near, what she had been thinking. Not at all. “What?” shock and surprise threaded through her voice, eyes blinking fast as she physically forced herself to keep looking at Scarlet.“Your mother who is a child of Gaia, just like your father and brothers and just like you.” Scarlet replied. “You are a child of Gaia, but it was Luna who gave you life. Luna the mother of Wolves, breathed life into you. You are the first of the true blending of their children and you have fucking power that makes you a fucking snack to someone like your Gods damned father.” Scarlet snapped viscously and for the first time in ages, the Pack finally saw true anger and rage flash across their Alpha’s face and ripple through her voice.Lexis stepped back from Scarlet, for the first time since she had come here, she felt fear and an overwhelming need to roll over and submit. Felt that Scarlet could and would hurt her. “Why? I am nothing…” she trailed off, her emerald eyes flashing around the room and before she could stop herself, she turned around and ran.No one stopped her as she fled out the door, down the steps and into her SUV. She didn’t care where the hell she was going, she just knew she had to get away, far away. It was too much, all pushing at her, trying to claw its way out of her. Lexis had been keeping it all under control, even when she saw the picture of Stevens on the wall, she held it all in. Even though she really really wanted to scream and hurt someone. So, she just drove. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Scarlet just stood there, staring at the open front door. Every fiber of her being was telling her to run after Lexis and make sure she really was okay, she might not have given birth to the girl but she might as well be her daughter. Lexie was so much more volatile than Sasha, and the girl was reminding Scarlet a lot of herself when she was younger. And this was almost killing her, letting Lexie run off in a country she didn’t know at all. Scarlet’s eyes fell closed as she took a breath to steady herself. She couldn’t go after Lexis but she knew someone who could.“Eric,” she said softly, eyes still closed as she felt Eric step up in front of her.“Yes?” he said just as softly.She reached into her pants pocket and pulled out a brown leather thong with an intricate knot tied around a dark blue gemstone. Opening her eyes, she looked Eric straight on as she held it out to him. “The state she is in, this will shield you just in case.” She said as Eric took the hand woven necklace and placed it around his neck. “Protect her.” Scarlet whispered so only he could hear.His eyes held hers. “With my life Alpha.” He responded then turned around and walked out of the house. He didn’t bother with a vehicle, just lifted his face into the air and breathed deep, once he had her scent he was off, leaving behind a house that just erupted into chaos.“We still have shit to do people, so stop standing around staring and get that fucking collar off and out of my house.” She snapped to the whole of her Pack, and did what seemed to be the standard, she turned and stepped around Jessica on the stairs and went up them to her room. “Call me when it’s off, I need to think.”When she disappeared from view, everyone jumped into action.Jared watched her go and wanted nothing more than to follow his mate, but couldn’t. So he nudged Nathaniel, who nodded his head and followed after her. He moved out of the way and let the Pack do as they were supposed to do as he did his part as true Beta to this Pack and kept his eye on everyone. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*She drove for as long as she could before she just couldn’t stay inside the SUV anymore, pulling over to the side of the road. She parked the car, jumped out and just ran, barely remembering to close the door behind her. She ran past families having lunch, somehow they never saw her. She whipped braches out of her face as she ran, panting heavily, through a stand of trees that got thicker and thicker. Lexie ran for what felt like hours through the trees when she came upon a lake, after walking for a little while around the edge of the light green water she found an old dock. Walking to the end of it, she just collapsed. The wood of the deck was old, and grey from the many years it had sat there. Towards the end of the dock, a ten-foot section was thinner than the part behind her, creating an almost entirely different platform.It was there, at the edge, she fell to her knees, her hands in front of her so she didn’t tumble into the water. Her chest was heaving as she gasped spasmodically for air. “Fuck!” she snapped out, eyes squeezed shut. She was so far into her own head that she never noticed the wind pick up or the water around the dock begin to move. As the tears started to fall down her face, the water slowly began to calm.“It’s hard to deal with.” A deep gravelly voice said from behind her. Lexie snapped her eyes open and flew to her feet as she turned to confront the person invading her space. She made no attempt to hide her shock and fear at being found crying or startled.“What the Hell!” she snarled. “How did you find me?”Her voice held barely contained anger as she moved a few feet away from the edge of the dock.Eric stood at the end of the dock, a small smile quirked his lips as he raised an eyebrow at her. “You really are not that hard to track.” He replied utterly calm. He saw the flash of fire in her eyes at his words, but he ignored it. To him it was trivial to the conversation that was going to be hell to explain.Lexie breathed, eyes flashing pure anger and tried to get herself under control. “What the hell is going on?” she demanded. “What Scar said, she’s wrong.”“No, she really isn’t.” he said as he walked towards her, his boots making no sound as he walked across the very old dock. He bit the inside of his cheek as he saw that she figured out how he managed to sneak up on her without her hearing him. “I’ve been with Scarlet and the Pack for years.” He said and stopped a few feet in front of her. His eyes on the now calm lake. “I was with Krilen when we smuggled your mother out of India. I like Krilen, know more than any of the Pack, ask whatever questions you have. I will answer.”Lexie looked at him, eyebrow raised, suspicion clear in her eyes. “Okay.” She said slowly, “Why me? Why not someone else?”Eric breathed deep, calming and collecting himself before he answered. “You mean like why not Tevin or Tien?” he asked her.She glared up at him, “You know what I meant.” She snapped frowning at him.He tilted his head down at her, a smirk firmly in place and walked passed her to the edge of the dock, eyes on the lake. “Did you know Scarlet was only supposed to soul bond with one person?” he asked instead, tone bland.“What?” the question threw her, she frowned and turned around and walked the four feet to stand next to him, her right arm brushing his left. “Everyone only gets the one?” she replied.He hummed at her response. “Mother Luna paired Scarlet and Jared long before they ever drew breath, but things happened and they didn’t bond when they first met. Scarlet was lead to believe that Jared was dead, hunted down and killed by the Council for getting a High Elders daughter pregnant. When her father tried to force her to terminate the pregnancy she ran away, and over the years, she moved on.” Eric paused, letting his eyes roam around the lake. ~Couldn’t have found a more secluded place, than if I had picked it~ he thought.“What does this have to do with me?” she asked confusion clear in her tone and voice.Eric lifted his left hand and swatted at her to hush. “Pay attention. Scarlet mated with a Coyote named Nagota. He gave her Andrew and Joshua. Now Nagota and your father had been friends since birth. Khaja was pissed when Nagota chose Scarlet over him, now by this point Scarlet knew what Khaja was but couldn’t tell a soul. When Joshua was twenty-one, your father sent a tainted shifter to kill Scarlet. It killed Nagota and Joshua instead.” He said, voice hushed but steady. “Scarlet and Nagota were soul bound, and when he died, her soul tried to follow. Only Luna stepped in.”Lexie gasped in surprise. “What?”“Yeah, Luna wouldn’t allow Scarlet to die.” He said.“But why? Why would Mother Luna keep Scarlet from following her mate?” Lexie asked, this was new information about Scarlet that she hadn’t known and it almost clashed with what she did know.“Because Nagota was not her true mate, well far as Mother Luna was concerned he was not. So, while Scarlet waited to die, your mother held her. Scarlet and her share a bond that is like a mating bond, but different. I don’t really know the full details of that, but when I say Luna stepped in, I mean it. Luna stepped into Scarlet’s body, spoke with your mother, and touched her. To have a Goddess touch you, no matter the reason, is almost like them placing their trust in you.” He said and took another breath and exhaled, bringing his arms up to fold them across his massive chest.Lexie held her breath at that. Her mother touched by a God. That alone just froze her mind, brought it to a standstill. She pulled her hands from her pockets, sat down on the edge of the dock, her legs hanging over the side, and slowly began to swing them as she waited for Eric to continue.“Anyway…Your mother was badly injured while helping Scarlet protect a witch from some Hunters. The injury left your mother no longer able to bare children. Scarlet, no matter what your mother told her or said to her, blamed herself for it. For your mother always wanted a little girl of her own.” He moved and sat down next to her, one leg hanging over the edge of the dock while the other was bent at the knee, foot firmly on the dock, his right arm draped over the knee. “Your mother went to Mother Luna instead of Mother Gaia, because she felt that Luna would answer her request. And she did. Luna healed your mother long enough for her to conceive you. Khaja is your father, no doubt in that. When your mother knew she was pregnant she called Scarlet and Krilen and I retrieved your mother and took her to safety.” He sighed, tilted his head up at the sky, and saw that the sun was finally down and soon the moon would rise. He made no move or action that he was in any hurry, it would take as long as it took.“I was there when you were born. I was supposed to tell Scarlet the moment you were born, but I didn’t have to. She and Jared already knew. They felt you take your first breath and knew you were in danger.”“But why? See this is why I am supposed to be special and I’m not.” Lexie cut in, her hands in her lap, head bowed so that her hair fanned around her face to shield her from his sight.Eric snorted at that, reached over with his left hand, and took her right hand in his, lacing their fingers together, he gave it a gentle squeeze. “You are incredibly special, beautifully so, in ways that have nothing to do with all of this.” He told her softly, he could kind of see the green of her eyes through her hair, as she looked over at him, but she still kept herself shielded.“Scarlet would be the first one to tell you that, being tethered to Mother Luna would make anyone special, but far as Scarlet goes, you are special, just because you were born. Scarlet had given up much to protect you all this time.” He turned his attention back to the lake, “Jared, Krilen and I have spent the better part of twenty years trying to find out how your father found out about you. How he found where we were hiding, I was across the town you and your mother lived in, getting some things your mother asked me to pick up. When I got back to the house, it was already burning and you were gone.” He cleared his throat, his voice dropping, “I found your mother in the burning wreckage of the house, sent off word to Scarlet and prayed that Sasha would live long enough for Scarlet to heal her.”“I don’t remember much of that. My father always told me my mother died in childbirth, and the woman I dreamed about was someone who stole me. He could never really explain well enough why I had nightmares for years of fire, cries of a woman begging and the cloying smell of smoke.” She whispered as a tear rolled down her cheek and splashed atop their clasped hands.He squeezed their hands, “Scarlet healed your mother, Krilen gave your mother and I new names and we went to ground. You were six when Scarlet and Jared attacked your father, after that fight, which failed horribly; Jared took your mother and I and hid us in a place no one would ever think to look for us. No one breathed a word of where we were hidden for fear of your father finding us.”Lexis raised her other hand and moved her hair away from her face, tucking it behind her ear. Her head turned towards him a little. “What happened?” she asked softly, she was afraid to speak any louder. She just knew somehow that this was hurting him, even if he was not showing it.“I’m not sure. I just know that Jared and Scarlet found out that if they killed your father than you would die. And that is the last thing that any of us, least of all what Scarlet, wants.”“So it’s true then? That I have some kind of power inside me and that my father was draining me of it?” she asked.“When Mother Luna breathed life into you and didn’t sever that connection on your birth, there was a transfer of power from Luna to you.” He turned to look at her fully, “You are the first of Gaia and Luna’s children that truly are a mix of the two. Jared fully believes that with enough time, you could shift into a wolf.”Her eyes widened at that. “Really? I already have enough trouble shifting into a cat, adding a dog to the mix is gonna just screw everything up.” She quipped, and turned her head towards the water. “How have I never known about this? How can I have magic and power or whatever and not know? Hell I don’t feel anything?” she had to stop herself, the questions just tumbling out of her.“You have felt it; you just didn’t know what it was. Moreover, why would your father tell you what he was doing? His ultimate goal is to have that power, even if it means killing you to have it.” He told her.Lexie jerked her hand from his grip and stood up in a rush, backing away from him all the while. “How the hell can you tell me what I have felt and haven’t? You don’t know me?” she snapped with a snarl.Eric stood slowly, his eyes on her the whole time. “Your inability to shift into a cat without issue. That is part of the power drain. Your body has tried to compensate for it. Your ability to put things together quickly with very little pieces to the puzzle. The fact that even when an Alpha gives you a command in Alphas voice, you fight it without repercussions to yourself. Do you know how many would kill to do that?” he replied facing her calmly. “The very fact that you are so focused on me and what’s in your head that you don’t notice what is going on around you at this moment.”She blinked at him, then looked around her. A frown on her face as she saw the trees moving with a strong wind blowing through them, the water in the lake was rippling out from the dock. She turned in a complete circle, eyes wide in wonder and horror. “There’s no wind.” She said softly. “What…?” she trailed off as she turned back towards Eric.Eric reached into his shirt and pulled the necklace from beneath his shirt but kept it around his neck. “If I didn’t have this,” He showed her as he let it drop to his chest. “You would feel the wind, you would be buffeting us with,” he looked over her shoulder at the trees. “I’d guess 45 mile an hour winds.”“No…this is not me.” She whispered horror clear in her voice and when Eric got a good look at her eyes, he saw panic bleed into them. He stepped over to her quickly, not giving her time to react and took a hold of her arms in his large hands.“You need to calm down. Breathe Lexie.” He ordered her, the words of the peacekeeper flowing from him, trying to calm her down. Eric looked around them and saw the wind pick up in strength, small trees that didn’t have roots buried deep were being up rooted. He knew he didn’t have to look behind him to know that the lake was a violent maelstrom of movement.Lexie closed her eyes and tried to calm herself, but it was as if something inside her had just come undone. She began to tremble and her hair began to move gently from the wind that was getting through the necklace that Eric wore. “I can’t…” she trailed off as fear began to claw at her. ~What if I can’t stop it. What if it hurts Eric~ she thought. The realization that Eric could be hurt because of her, made her snap open her eyes and they focused on Eric’s cool gray eyes. Looking into them helped steady her heart, to steady the thrum and pulse of power that was itching just under her skin.“It feels like ants.” She whispered, “It wants out.”“Hold it in. I don’t care what you have to do, you hold it in. You let it free and shit is going to get fucking serious real fast.” He told her, his voice firm and demanding.Her hands came up and clasped his forearms as she took several deep breaths. Her hair stopped moving and she chanced a look around and saw that the trees were slowing down and soon came to a stop. “Okay…I think I have it.” She said, as she felt the pulse inside her slowly reseed. “How…”Eric closed his eyes and let his head fall until his forehead touched hers. He breathed out a laugh, his heart finally calm for the first time since he set foot on the dock. “Asking the wrong person for that question. Magic is not my area of expertise.” He murmured.“This all came out of me?” she asked quietly, as everything that had just happened sank in. “Heck, my life is a mess.”Eric pulled away and laughed. “Baby, your life is just full of surprises,” he said when he finally stopped laughing.Lexie just stared at him, ~baby…he just called me baby~ she thought as she too took a step away, letting her hands fall and looked around truly looked at what she had done. Eyes wide in disbelief, the area looked like a small tornado had just ripped through. Trees were uprooted, some bent, many missing thick branches. Bushes ripped from the ground and tossed around, looking over at the lake that was once clean, was now covered with dirt, leaves and debris.“I think maybe we should go. I don’t think I should be away from Scarlet.” Lexis said when she turned back to Eric, she reached out and touched the stone around his neck. It had been a dark blue, but it was pure white now. She frowned at it. Eric brought his large hand up and gently wrapped his fingers around her hand and the stone.“Scarlet knows more about magic and protection than any other being I have ever met. She is also wicked deadly with it as well. This was protection…” he opened their hands and looked down at the white stone with a twist of his lips. “As you can see, some things have limits to how much they can control.”“Huh,” was all she said, and stepped to the side in a clear sign that they should get going. He tightened his hand around hers when she tried to pull away, as they walked away from the small destruction they left hand in hand. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Nathaniel found Scarlet standing next to their bed, her hand wrapped around the post, knuckles white from the death grip she had on it. Her head bowed and her hair shielding her face, he didn’t need anyone to tell him she was crying. He walked softly over to her, moving around her, he grabbed her arm and as he sat down on the end of the bed, he pulled her down on to his lap.Scarlet curled up in Nates lap, her face pressed into his chest as tears slowly fell. “I’m sorry…” she whispered brokenly, and cried a little more as Nathaniel’s arms wrapped around her and held her tighter to him.“Sorry for what?” he asked. His lips brushing her hair as he waited for her to calm down. He had only ever seen her like this a few times and he wasn’t too sure if he actually liked it when she was this broken. It made him more protective, and he just wanted to lock her up away from all the bad shit that was coming.“For everything…If I had just dealt with Khaja years ago, than none of this would have happened. We wouldn’t have had to give Tien to someone else, we wouldn’t have had to keep Krilen from Tevin and hurt them both, and gods…Jared would never have left us.” She whispered her eyes squeezed shut, her hands fisting into his shirt. As her fingers caught on the material, she frowned and took a deep breath, eyes snapping open as she pulled her head away and looked at what her hands were gripping. Her mouth dropped open in shock, eyes wide as she realized what Nathaniel was wearing.Her fingers loosened and slowly as if she were petting an animal, her eyes fell half lidded as she gazed at her Omega. “I remember this Jersey and you are saturated in his scent.” She said lazily, still petting the Jersey.Nathaniel brought up a hand and pushed her hair away from her face, leaned forward and kissed her. Her hands fisted in the shirt as his lips moved a crossed hers, his tongue lightly licking asking for entrance. She opened her mouth and ran her tongue along his, and gasped as she could taste Jared mixed in with Nathaniel’s normal taste. With a whimper, she pushed herself closer as if she were trying to crawl inside his mouth.They broke apart, gasping for breath. Scarlet caught something move out of the corner of her eye and turned her head and saw Jared standing there, no more than five feet away a smile on his face as he watched them.Before she could think about it, she was up and threw herself at Jared. Arms wrapping around his neck, as his wrapped around her middle and lifted her off the ground. Her face pressed into his neck breathing his scent as he did the same. “My heart…” he whispered softly into her skin, as he just held her and took her in. He kept his arms wrapped around her as he lowered her to the ground, sighing in contentment as another set of arms wrapped around them both. His eyes closed tight, he had his mates back and be damned if he was ever leaving them again.Finally they pulled apart, Jared kissed Scarlet hard and deep before pulling away completely. “Ze’el removed the collar and Bastion has taken it out of the house. It seems that Rajnish is hurt a lot worse than we first thought.” He said as his gaze moved from Alpha and then to his Omega. “We will have time for this later.” He stated and then turned around and walked back the way he had come.Scarlet huffed out a breath and ran a hand through her hair, “I have a tiger to heal.” She told herself and then smiled as she saw Nathaniel come out of the bathroom holding a large old black bag. “Well one of us is thinking.” She said they shared a nod and then they both followed after Jared.

Once Scarlet was on the first floor she didn’t waste any time, she went straight to Rajnish. He was spread out on the table on his side, his chest barely rising; his eyes were no longer open but were closed. “Damn,” she said under her breath and placed her left hand atop his massive chest, right where his heart would be. Her eyes fell closed as she breathed and then did something that shocked the whole house. She fisted her hand and hit Rajnish’s chest.Jared grabbed Dimitri’s arm when he moved to stop her. Dimitri fought his father’s hold on him as he watched his mother hit Rajnish three more times in quick secession. He only stopped fighting when Rajnish gave a low rumbling growl, opened his crusted eyes he glared at her.Scarlet smiled down at the glare. “Hush you, that was nowhere near as painful as it could have been. Now stay awake.” She told him firmly as she walked around the table, stepping on the bench seat and knelt on the table next to the prone tiger. She ran her hands over his spine, gently at first, then firmer, which had him huffing air, and then the sound of a purr rolled through the kitchen. She didn’t say anything, just kept feeling along his spine, making sure that there was no swelling nor any moved bones. She climbed up and over him when she found his spine in one piece, her left hand never once leaving his body.Nathaniel moved silently to the island, placed the bag on it and then opened it. He began pulling out medical instruments from it as well as bandages and other things. He placed them all neatly along the top of the island, then turned sideways to Scarlet and looked at her. Waiting for her to tell him just what she wanted.“So far as I can tell there is no internal bleeding, though he does have massive internal bruising to his lungs, liver and kidneys. The wounds we see are pretty superficial, and…” she ran her hand down his hind legs, feeling around his paws, spreading the toes and flexing his claws. “No broken bones.” She patted him gently on his hind end, “You held up very well to what I know for a fact what your father can do.” Scarlet said directly to Rajnish, who had lifted his head and was looking at her. “Don’t worry, we’ll clean you up before Andrew and Benton see you.”Jumping off the table, she took the warm wet rag that Nathaniel held out to her. “Dimitri,” she said as she began to clean the crusted skin and blood from around the tigers eyes.Jared let his son go and watched him as he practically flew across the kitchen to his mate. “Yes,” Dimitri said. He knew better than to rattle off questions when she was working, she would get just as snappy as Andrew did when questioned while focusing.“Take the ointment and rub it gently around his eyes.” She said.Dimitri was about to ask what ointment, when it was held out to him by Nathaniel. Smiling gratefully, he took it, did as his mother instructed as she moved away. She then focused on starting to clean his other wounds. He popped the top of the tube, squeezed a small amount onto his hands and gently spread it around Rajnish’s eyes. Since they had been boys, he and Raj would get into all kinds of scraps, fighting hunters, furies and tainted. But never had he ever seen Rajnish this badly beaten, he was very glad that it looked much worse than it actually was. If he were a cat, Dimitri would be purring along with Rajnish to help calm him down, and then he didn’t have to as Matthew slid into the bench seat and folded his arms on the table, laid his head on his arms and began purring, a soft soothing rumble.Matthew smiled softly at Dimitri and closed his eyes as he purred for the tiger.When Scarlet was finished and she had told Dimitri to rub the ointment on the rest of his wounds, she moved to the sink, tapped it on and washed her hands. “He should stay there until morning, and then we can move him to the room downstairs, I don’t want him leaving until I know there is no infection. So…three days at the most, you could try shifting sometime tomorrow afternoon, no sooner.” She said tapping the water off and picking up a towel to dry her hands.“Now I know none of you missed that Nathaniel and Jared smell like each other. Nathaniel is not a Beta, he is an Omega.”Jessica sat up straighter on the stairs at that, “What?” she asked incredulously.Scarlet could also feel the shock from Xander and Devon behind her, from the corner of her eye she saw Bastion look wide eyed at Nathaniel, Jared and then to her. She just raised her eyebrow at him.“What of Tevin?” Bastion asked softly.Scarlet turned around and looked Abby in the eye, “Did Krilen talk with you when he returned?”Abby sat on the end of the dining room table, she fidgeted in place, not used to having an Alphas complete and utter attention.“Abby?” Scarlet asked.The young shifter swallowed, “Yeah…he said that nothing would change, but that I wouldn’t be first in his duties. That if everything went how…” she trailed off looking at Jared, her forehead creased in thought. “How the true Beta hoped, that he would be claiming his Omega.”Scarlet smiled at the girl. With what Abby had just told her, confirmed that no matter what, she would still have Krilen and Tevin within her Pack. This also meant that she would also have Abby as well, “Later tomorrow night, we need to bring you into the Pack? That is if you wish to stay?” Scarlet said.Abby blinked her obsidian eyes in surprise at Scarlet, “Where else would I go?” she asked softly.“Nowhere, your place is here with us.” Scarlet told the young shifter, her gaze then moved to each member of her Pack that was present. “Jared and I are mates. Have been since longer than most of you have been alive, Nathaniel is our mated and marked Omega. Dimitri is mine and Jared’s son, while Tien is Jared and Nathaniel’s.” she said eyes landing on Jessica on the stairs. “If anyone has a problem with this, they can leave the Pack without a fight. It is your choice to leave.” She folded the towel and hung it up next to the sink. “Now, those that choose to stay, I do not want anyone of you to give Tevin any shit…” she trailed off as Krilen and Tevin stepped into the house.Both Krilen and Tevin had stopped off at the shed to change into clothes, since when they both had shifted they had shredded their clothes.Scarlet looked first at Krilen then let her gaze move to Tevin, her head tilted. “Huh…that I was not expecting.” She said in some surprise. “Well you will be spending a lot of time with Andrew, there is no way in hell I’m taking you anywhere near a fight in your condition.”Tevin blushed hard from slightly behind Krilen, but he couldn’t keep the smile off his face as he bit his bottom lip gently. “Thank you Alpha.” He said softly.She nodded her head at them, “If we are done here, you know where to find me.” She said, walking around the island, brushing her hand along Krilen’s shoulder in affection and again stepped around Jessica and walked back up the stairs to her room.When she was gone, Jessica stood up and walked down the stairs, “Call me if you need me.” She told them as she walked out of the house, closing the front door behind her.Bastion walked over to the table, nodding at Krilen and then looked at Tevin, “You have nothing to fear from Matthew or I. We will stand with our Alpha and we will protect you and your pup no matter what.” He told him, when he got a bright smile, he returned the smile and stepped around them to slide along the bench seat to press his side up against his mate.Ze’el just shrugged his shoulder, it didn’t bother him, since he wasn’t really a part of this Pack, so he just squeezed his girlfriends hand and pulled them out of the kitchen and into the living room to watch some movies for a few hours of mindlessness.

When no one was looking or paying attention, Xander grabbed Devon’s hand and pulled him into the bathroom that was next to the laundry area. He shoved the lynx into the bathroom and closed the door as quietly as he could, flipping the lock.The snick of the lock as it fell into place made the small lynx shiver in anticipation. Turning slowly he took off his shirt as he watched Devon who was leaning against the pedestal sink, panting, his honey eyes blown wide. The hands that gripped the porcelain sink were white with how hard he gripped the edge.Xander smiled wickedly, a lock of purple hair falling over a shockingly green eye. “Dev did you smell them?” he whispered moving closer, he undid his pants and dropping them, toeing off his shoes and kicking both away. The smaller man nodded jerkily, he couldn’t take his eyes off of the larger man, his Xander.Xander growled and reached across the small space in a blur, with both hands he ripped Devon’s tank top in two. Devon gasped as the cheetah grabbed the top of his shorts and yanked them down roughly. Devon’s cock sprang free; he’d been half hard since smelling Tevin and Krilen, now though, now he was hard as diamonds, since Xander had pulled his shirt off.The air left his lungs in a gust as Xander grabbed him and roughly spun him around. His small hands scrambled for purchase on the sink, knocking soap and other items crashing into the bowl of the sink.“Xan…” he whispered as the cheetah licked a trail from the top of his firm ass to the base of his neck, mouthing nimbly at the hairline. Without conscious thought, Devon began thrusting his hips in the air. He was so incredibly turned on and he was helpless to stop it, not that he wanted to.“I have wanted you for so long…” Xander whispered his voice rough and low. Goosebumps raised all along Devon’s body as Xander’s nimble fingers trailed paths of fire down his sides. He watched as a hand ghosted past him and grabbed a bottle of Aveeno lotion sitting on the back of the sink.Between the span of one second to the next, Xander pressed two fingers inside the tight entrance and was thrusting them in and out fast and hard.“I’m sorry my gorgeous boy but I can’t wait, we’ll go slower next time.” Xander murmured while Devon just whimpered.Smearing the lotion onto his erection quickly and in one great thrust, Xander sheathed himself inside his mate, his lover, his other half. Devon cried out at the quick intrusion, pain sparked like fireworks as Xander’s balls came to rest against his ass. Xander murmured soothing nonsense against his neck and massaged his hips soothingly.When the pain began to lessen Devon regained some coherency and clenched down around Xander, making the other man swear.“Fuck!” he swore, trying to keep his voice down, “Hold on.” Xander began a fast brutal pace, slamming in and out of his mate. With every thrust, Devon moaned as his prostate was ruthlessly battered. Xander’s legs cramped from bending at the knees, trying to fuck the smaller man while standing.~Easy fix~ Xander thought, pulling out making Devon whimper at the loss and cry out.“Xan, what…?” before any other words could be said Xander had turned the smaller man around, lifting him, Devon instinctively wrapped his legs around the other man’s waist. Xander shoved him against the door hard; with one hand, he grabbed his swollen cock and entered him again. Both men moaned at the renewed contact. Now neither one of them could look away as they fucked as if the world was going to end. Devon had one arm around Xander’s sweaty neck, fingers buried in his hair, the other bracing against the door behind him. With each thrust an echoing thud was heard, neither man cared as magic began to swirl, through and around them unnoticed.Eyes shifting to golden yellow and warm honey as the magic reached its crescendo and their impending orgasms built explosively in their spines. With a hoarse cry, Xander came hard as he bit down hard on Devon’s neck, causing the other man to cry out.“Xander…” Devon gasped out as he came in great streams, splashing the taller man’s chest as he still thrust shallowly inside him, gently worrying his teeth, making sure the mark would scar.They stayed there, Devon wrapped around Xander and the cheetah leaning all his weight into Devon as Xander kept his mouth over the bond mark, panting.“You guys uh, almost finished in there?” Krilen asked voice muffled through the door.Devon and Xander looked at each other and laughed. When Xander had his laughing under control, he slowly pulled out of Devon, “Give us five,” he said to Krilen through the door.“No more than five.” Krilen returned voice softer as if the wolf had been walking away from the door.Xander moved them away from the door; Devon’s hand tightened a little in his hair, as the lynx unwrapped himself, and placed his feet on the ground. “Sorry, I was so rough…” Xander trailed off, he brought up a hand and cupped his mate’s jaw. “I just…when they came in smelling like that, and fuck, Tevin smelling the way he was…it just hit me. We’ve been dancing around each other for years, Dev. I just couldn’t wait, I had to have you, make you mine, so no one else could have you.” He said softly, his thumb brushing across Devon’s bottom lip.Devon closed his eyes, a small smile graced his lips, “I’ve been wanting you to do that forever, Xan. Ever.” He opened his honey eyes and looked into green, standing on tiptoe; he leaned up and kissed Xander for the first time. When their lips touched, a small spark of magic passed between them, but they didn’t notice it.When they pulled a part, breathing each other’s air, “We should get dressed. They probably want to know if we will stay or not.” Devon said.Xander smiled warmly, a quick peck on Devon’s lips he stepped farther away and grabbed his jeans. “Yeah,” He looked over his shoulder as Devon was dressing as well. “Are we staying?”Devon pulled his shorts back on, ignoring his torn tank and leaned back against the door as he watched Xander dress. “Yes. I mean we could leave if you wanted, but…” he shrugged. “I’m not much of a fighter, so I will more than likely stay with Andrew and them. Either way, it wouldn’t feel right to leave the Pack when we’ve been with it for as long as we have.”Xander finished pulling on his shirt and nodded at his lynx. “Yeah, she is gonna need us, so later when the others renew the Pack bond, we will too.”The smaller man grinned at the cheetah, unlocked the door he opened it and stepped out, only to come to a dead stop at the look of shock on Lexie’s face and a huge shit eating grin on Eric’s face.“’Bout time,” was all Eric said as he led Lexis passed the bathroom and up the stairs. The whole time, Lexie kept trying to look back at them.Xander just laughed.

Eric stopped at Lexie’s door and opened it, only to frown at her as she moved passed him and over to the spiral staircase. “Lexie?” he questioned.Lexie paused with her hand over the intercom and her right foot on the step, she glanced at him and then pressed the button and just said, “Scar.” She removed her hand and then walked up the stairs. Leaving Eric standing at the door to her bedroom, with a very unhappy look on his face.When she reached the top and looked around, she saw Scarlet leaning up with one hand against the bed. A large gray and black wolf lay curled around her, its head resting on the woman’s hip. Scarlet lifted her hand that wasn’t holding her up, towards Lexie.Lexie froze, then when Scar smiled at her tears in her own eyes, Lexis ran to her. The tigers own eyes welling up with tears as she crawled onto the big bed and threw herself at the older woman. Arms wrapped around her and held her tight, just like she had always wanted, and it made her cry all the harder.Scarlet held the younger woman tight, one hand rubbing gentle soothing circles on her back, while the other cupped her head and held it against her shoulder. Scarlet saw Eric at the top of the stairs and barely restrained the growl that wanted to come out, at the look on his face.Nate had moved only a little when Lexis threw herself at Scarlet, and when they had settled back on the bed, he had laid his head back down on top of Scarlet, his nose close to Lexie’s hip and closed his eyes again as if nothing was amiss. When he felt his mate tense slightly under his head, he opened his eyes and saw Eric at the stairs. *Something happened between them. He’s protective.* he said to Scarlet.*Do I look like I care?* she said back to him.He lifted his head, giving Eric his full attention. He did not intend to leave Scarlet, not while Jared was still downstairs seeing to the clean up. He gave a soft woof, almost a chuff of air. Eric knew the rules, and he was pushing his luck.Eric stood there for a few more seconds then walked into the closet to undress and shift. When he walked, back out he was all lion. Extremely large with a massive mane, that was mostly if not all black. He wanted to go to the bed and Lexie, but with the look his Alpha was giving him, it would not end well for him. So instead he made his way across the room to the ‘Pillow Den’ with one last look at the bed, he chuffed at the wolf and disappeared behind the wall.Nathaniel kept his eye on Eric as he disappeared into the ‘Den’ and after he was sure that the lion would stay there, he laid his head back down. He lay awake as he listened to Scarlet whisper soft words to Lexis, listened as the young girl slowly stopped crying and fell asleep within his mate’s arms. He knew Scarlet would never say it, never bring it up, but he knew she wanted another child. If you knew what to look for, you could see it clear as day. The way she was always overprotective of the pups. She had damaged her standing within the Council when she fought to get Tien back. He exhaled deeply, ~when this is over~ he thought. Nate shifted around again, and was about to lay his head down to sleep, when he saw movement by the stairs.Lifting his head to get a better look, he watched in shock as Sasha stood by the stairs. She was dressed in a dark flowing dress that made her blend in with the shadows of the room. He was about to jump off the bed, when a hand threaded through his fur at his neck stopped him. Tilting his head, a little he saw Scarlet was awake.*Stay* she said as Sasha walked silently across the floor.Sasha smiled softly at Nathaniel, lifted her dress a little and then climbed onto the bed, and wrapped herself around her daughter and Hearts Sister. Blue green eyes met ice blue over the top of fire red hair, they needed no words, they never had. Sasha blinked tears out of her eyes, pulled herself closer to them, and allowed herself to sleep knowing that she was safe here.

Jared had instructed those members of the Pack that if they were staying to either sleep in the ‘Den’ or the other rooms. Dimitri had pulled up a chair next to the table and settled in for the long haul with Bastion and Matthew to keep him company. Ze’el had already informed Jared that they would sleep on the couch in the living room.Xander and Devon had gone back into the bathroom to undress and shift, Jared had smiled at their antics as they both goofed off as they leapt up the stairs to the ‘Den’. Krilen and Tevin were standing with Abby talking quietly with her. He could tell from the relived look on the young girls face that they were telling her that she was still wanted and they weren’t going to throw her away.Krilen looked up at Jared’s look and shook his head at the question in his Beta’s eyes, telling the older wolf ‘no’ that they would sleep in the guestroom and not with the others. Jared nodded his head in understanding, looked around again to make sure that everything was together he turned toward the stairs. He would check in on Tien before he went up to his mates. He paused with a foot on the bottom step and looked over at Dimitri.“Call Andrew and let him know.” Jared said to his oldest son and continued up the stairs. He could hear the chair scrap across the floor as Dimitri did as he was told. With a smile on his face, he reached the second floor and walked over to Tien’s door, which was slightly a jar.He lightly tapped on the door as he pushed it open. Tien was curled up on his bed, his back to the door, headphones on. Jared watched him a moment and saw that his youngest son was still awake, he gently shut the door and walked across the room to sit down on the bed.Tien pulled his headphones off as he rolled onto his back; he smiled shyly at his father, not quite sure how to act. He had never really met his father, he had only ever heard about him from his mom and dad.“I was kind of hoping that when you wake up later today that you and I could go for a run. Just you and me?” Jared said and then lifted a hand and placed it on Tien’s arm.Tien sat up and then threw his arms around his father. Jared was unprepared for it, but he closed his eyes as he wrapped his arms around his son and breathed in his scent. They stayed like that for several minutes before Tien pulled back, a blush crawling up his neck and tinting his cheeks and ears red. “I…uh, yeah, that would be great.” Tien replied embarrassed at his sudden girly moment, he blinked his hazel eyes trying to keep tears from welling in them.Jared smiled and ran a hand through the spiky black hair. “It’s alright.” He said softly, “I’d cry too if it wouldn’t totally shatter my air of mystery that I carry.”Tien laughed at his dad. “Okay,” he said with a smile. “You’re here to stay right? You’re not gonna leave again are you?” The hand in Tien’s hair slid down to the boy’s neck and pulled him back into his father’s arms. “I am here to stay.” His father said against his forehead.“Great…” Tien whispered happily with a smile Jared could feel against his chest.Jared stayed with his son until he fell asleep. For the first time ever, he got to tuck in one of his children, and damn if it didn’t make him ache for all those lost years with both of his sons. He placed a soft kiss to his son’s forehead and left the room, closing the door behind him. He walked up the wrought iron staircase, pulling off his shirt as he stepped onto the third floor. He wasn’t really paying attention as he walked into the closet and undressed but something told him it would be better if he was a wolf right now.When he shifted, he walked through the closet and into the bathroom and came to a stop on the threshold of the bathroom and the main room. There on the bed he could see his mate’s, Nate curled up with his head on Scarlet’s hip, while Scarlet was wrapped around Lexis and Sasha.His ears twitched as he heard a chirp from the ‘Den’ he turned and saw Xander’s small head looking around the short wall at him. He snorted at the cheetah and walked over to the bed, and nimbly jumped onto it. The women didn’t move as he stepped around their feet and over to Nate, who thumped his tail at him as he laid down with his muzzle shoved between Scarlet’s neck and shoulder. His body pressed up against Nathaniel’s, he exhaled deeply then closed his eyes and followed the rest of them into sleep. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*The sun was high in the sky by the time Jared had woken up, and watched as Nathaniel’s tail disappeared into the bathroom and the shower turn on. He looked at the women lying asleep and chose to leave them be, they had things that they needed to work out and it would be better if none of them were around. Jared nosed Scarlet’s neck softly and then jumped off the bed, he pranced over to the ‘Den’ to see if anyone was still in there and saw that it was empty. ~Wonder who got Eric to leave?~ he thought as he turned and went into the bathroom to shower as well.Jared had to force himself to leave the shower, seriously, it was like heaven in there, he just wanted to stay under the spray but he did say that he would go running with Tien today, so he pulled himself away from the shower of the gods. Nathaniel had already dressed and left, saying that he should check up on Rajnish and help move him to the bedroom in the basement. As he dried himself off, he noticed a pair of blue jeans and a long sleeve green shirt that lay out on the center couch, a pair of black converse shoes were sitting next to the clothes.He smiled as he dressed; it seemed that Nathaniel didn’t feel like letting Jared get lost in the huge closet. Though he had a very good idea that half the clothes in here belonged to Nate, so he really couldn’t blame all of it on Scarlet. He knew for a fact, that she only had a hard on for boots, any type of boot, it mattered not to her, she had to have them. Jared would never understand it. When he was dressed he left the floor, he paused at Tien’s room and saw the door was open, but his son wasn’t inside and continued on.In the kitchen, he found Krilen and Eric making brunch while Abby, Matthew, Tevin and Tien sat around the table. “Where is everyone else?” he asked as he sat down and took the cup of coffee that Eric held out for him.Krilen flipped the omelet that he was cooking, “Nate is downstairs with Dimitri and Rajnish. Ze’el decided to take his girlfriend into town to see the sights, since she has never seen a small town before. Bastion left a few hours ago to check the feeds, it seems that the office is off limits at the moment, Jessica has yet to show her face, while Xander and Devon are off running.” He said as he slid the omelet out of the pan and onto a plate, then turned back and poured some more egg mixture into the pan.Jared sat back and watched. It had been a very long time since he had been around a Pack let alone his Pack. It was a nice feeling to be around them again. He took a sip of his coffee and nearly groaned in pure bliss as the flavor of the coffee exploded in his mouth.“Yeah, Scarlet likes her coffee about as much as she likes her boots.” Tevin said from next to him.Jared smiled at that. “How are you feeling?” Jared asked.“Well aside from the slight nausea I’m doing great. Kril called Andrew this morning and spoke to him about it, since Nate is busy.” Tevin said as he pushed his empty plate away. “Oh, Andrew said that Fabien and Stevens are doing well, they have healed fully and that their bond has settled as well. He said other than them being a little protective of each other, they should be fine to start with any duties that you or Dimitri had for them.” He finished with a slight frown. “Who’s Pack do they belong too?”“Mine,” Dimitri said as he and Nathaniel came up from the basement. Nate walked over to Jared, gave him a quick kiss on the lips and then moved over to the coffee pot as if it had his name all over it.Dimitri looked tired as he sat down hard in an empty chair. He rolled his head on his shoulders working the tension out. “I accepted Stevens into my Pack five years ago. Now that he is mated, Fabien is added by extension. I’m sure Andy has already told Fabien of his new status.” He said calmly and nodded his head in thanks when a plate full of scrambled eggs, bacon, ham and hash browns was placed in front of him.When Dimitri had demolished his food, Jared asked, “How is Rajnish?”“Well he shifted…slowly but he shifted. And well, you know Raj he really does not like staying in bed for long.”Jared, Krilen and Eric laughed at that.When brunch was finished, the table cleared, and the dishes done, they all went their separate ways. Jared and Tien walked out the back door and towards the shed.Tien literally bouncing with each step, he was that excited to be running with his father. When they were inside the shed, they changed quickly and were back out in the sunlight before you could blink.*You have Nathaniel’s coloring* Jared said as they walked away from the shed.Tien nosed the ground and gave his father a wolfish grin, *Yeah, that’s kinda cool.* he replied and then shot off into the trees. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Lexie slowly moved, her eyes fluttered open and a warm smile graced her face at the feeling of arms wrapped around her tightly. Then a frown creased her forehead as she realized that there were more than one set of arms around her. She slowly pulled out from the grip of arms, without waking said bodies. She sat up and looked around, she saw that the wolf was gone and could see a little into the ‘Den’ and saw that too was empty. She finally looked over at the ones who had been holding her.Scarlet she expected. Since she had pretty much thrown herself at the older woman late last night, but the other woman she was not expecting. She had only just seen pictures of her a day or so ago, so to see the woman in the flesh made something inside Lexie crack just a little. Tears welled up in her eyes and softly rolled down her cheeks as she looked at her mother for the very first time.Her mother was darker than she was, but then so was her father. Lexis seemed to favor the paler side of things, but she could see a little bit of a resemblance around the eyes and mouth. Lexie reached out a trembling hand to move the dark brown almost black hair away from her mother’s face, when blue green eyes opened and looked right at her.“Hi,” Lexie whispered so very softly, not wanting to wake Scarlet.Sasha smiled softly at Lexie as she slowly sat up. “Hello…” she trialed off, not too sure what to say to her daughter.“Where the fuck have you been?” Lexie blurted out, her hand flying to her mouth as her eyes opened wide in shock. ~Not what I wanted to say~ she thought to herself as her eyes darted to Scarlet and froze when she saw that Scarlet was awake and watching them closely. “I’m sorry…I shouldn’t…” she trailed off and tried to scoot off the bed, would have succeeded had it not been for the hand that shot off the bed and gripped her arm and held her in place.“Don’t apologize. Never apologize for what you are feeling.” Scarlet said her tone firm, but her face was soft and open. “You have more than enough right to know where your mother has been your whole life.” Scarlet turned and looked at Sasha, “I have missed you Sister of my Heart.”Sasha smiled at Scarlet, leaned over and kissed her cheek, “Been much too long, Hearts Sister.” She said to the other woman, before turning towards her daughter. “I have been hiding within the fairy realm since the night your father came and took you from me. Had it not been for Eric I would have died in that fire. Your father’s men, tried very hard to kill me.” Sasha said softly as she scooted closer to her daughter. “It was never our intention to keep me from you, but when Jared and Scarlet found out what your father had done to you. We knew there was no way we could safely steal you away, no place we could hide you that your father would not follow.”“But…why hasn’t he shown up here then? I’ve been here almost two weeks now, and he hasn’t shown up at all.” Lexie asked voice still thick with sleep.Sasha and Scarlet shared a look before looking at Lexis. “That is a very good question. One we don’t really have an answer for. Honestly, I was expecting your father to come storming in for several days now. I don’t know why he is holding off.” Scarlet replied and then she stood atop the bed and stretched, her arms high above her head, you could hear her back pop in a few places.“Okay, I want a happy moment and all but really, I want to run.” Scarlet said to them and jumped off the bed, began stripping clothing off, boots flying across the room and with a crackle of energy there she stood, a pure white wolf with blood red streaks across her muzzle.Sasha rolled off the bed with a fluid grace that Lexie envied just a little and watched as her mother quickly undressed and shifted as well. Eyes wide, she watched as her mother stood there a midnight black panther, with lighter colored spots and bright blue green eyes. Lexie blushed as she too got off the bed, but went into the bathroom to change. She still felt uncomfortable changing in front of others.When she stepped out of the bathroom, she looked at her mother with her head slightly lowered.*I have seen pictures of your form, but this…I did not believe them when they said your eyes were truly emeralds.* Sasha said, awe in her voice as she moved and walked around her daughter, looking her fill. *Despite your fathers horrible faults he does have wonderful genes. You are beautiful my daughter.*Lexie let out a huff of breath she didn’t know she had been holding, *Thank you.* she whispered.*Women, please…* Scarlet practically begged, as she stood within the ‘Den’ and the pressure door open, she was practically dancing in place waiting for them.Sasha shook her head at Scarlet, *We best go before her majesty gets even more impatient.* she said a laugh in her voice, and bound over to the ‘Den’. Scarlet had pranced out the door, and Sasha leaped over the whole of the pillows in one great leap.Lexis watched in pure awe at the grace her mother just breathed, she shook her whole body and then ran after them. She didn’t even attempt to make that jump, just waded through the pillows and out the door. As the door closed behind her, she saw Scarlet already on the ground and at the forest edge, while her mother was half way down the stairs.By the time she made it to the ground, it was on, all three of them took off into the forest like darts from a bow.

By the time they stopped running, they were lying in an open field of flowers not that far from where Dimitri and Andrew lived. Very close to the truly hidden grotto. Lexie lay sprawled out on her stomach with Scarlet and Sasha smashed together on either side of the white tiger. Both cats purred in contentment, while the wolf just lay there in silence.They laid in the warm sun lightly napping, not even twitching as Tien and Jared came flying out of the trees, they passed several feet from them. The wolves barked a quick hello and then they were gone.When the sun began to set the three women, stood, stretched and finally made their way back towards the house, Scarlet had a Pack to reaffirm. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Khaja ignored the sound of the door to his bedroom opening and then closing, over the sound of the young man’s cries of pleasure as he fucked into him harder. The young man’s arms were stretched tight, hands tied to the bed frame above his head. Khaja threw his head back as he found his release, placing one hand over the man’s heart, he bent down till their lips were inches apart. The young man cried out with his own orgasm just as Khaja began drawing the life and power out of him.Blue wispy smoke flowed from the young man’s mouth and into Khaja’s as the smoke left the man, he slowly began to age, when the last wisp was pulled from him, a desiccated corpse was left in its wake.Khaja pulled away from the corpse, picked up a robe that was lying across a chair next to the bed. Not bothering to tie the robe closed as he walked over to a bar set against the wall next to the floor to ceiling windows that looked out upon the city.He poured himself a glass of scotch neat, before finally turning to his guest. “Still looking stunning as always my dear Jessica,” He said voice a little raspy from the sex and magic.Jessica moved away from the door, her heels clicking on the cherry hardwood floor, her golden honey eyes cool and uncaring as she looked at the corpse on the bed, then turned her full attention on Khaja. “He was potent.” She stated as her eyes traveled up and down his body.He smirked as he allowed her to look her fill, “That he was.” He finished his drink and walked passed her, opening the door he walked out.In the living room, he was on the phone as he looked out over his city as darkness fell.“Where should I begin?” she asked as she sat down like a queen upon her throne as Khaja hung up the phone.“Shortly.” He said.She settled back in the chair and waited until she was told to begin. Five minutes later the door to the penthouse opened and two men came into the main room. One man was tall, thin and built like a swimmer with dirty blond hair and blue eyes; he held a bag in his hand and went into the bedroom without saying a word to either of them. The other man was as tall as Khaja, with the same coloring; his hair was dark brown and had light brown eyes. He came into the living room, eyes on Jessica, “Mother.” He said.Jessica looked at her son, than towards Khaja, who nodded his head. She stood smoothly and walked around the chair to her son. Her eyes looked him over quickly, “You are well, I hope, Kyota?” she asked.Kyota smirked at his mother, “Yes, mother.”“Good. I’d hate to see you in that lovely cage over there.” she replied.His light brown eyes went flinty, “I’m not like you mother.” He said with a small growl and walked away from her and into the bedroom.“Still sore I take it.” She commented as she went back to her chair.When Kyota and Ashton came back out of the bedroom, they carried a body bag between them and another bag hanging from Kyota’s shoulder. Neither Jessica nor Khaja paid any attention to them as they carried the body out of the penthouse, the door closing behind them quietly. When they were gone, Khaja nodded at Jessica to begin.“I’m not sure how but your daughter has taken up residence with Scarlet. She has managed to make friends with several members of the Pack. Scarlet recalled the missing members of her Pack as well. Eric and Jared have returned to her side. It also seems that Jared is the true Beta of the Pack as well as Scarlet’s mate.” Jessica shifted a little in the chair. “Both of your sons are also with Scarlet as we speak.”Khaja stood there listening as she informed him of all the things he needed to know. “I take it the wolf still believes you loyal to her?” he inquired.“Of course, I do know how to play my part well.” She replied dryly.He turned towards Jessica, his gaze hard as he looked at her. She truly was beautifully majestic, in her black dress and black stiletto heels. He had always found her exhilaratingly beautiful. One of his associates owed him a great deal of money and couldn’t pay off his debt in time, so he had sold his sixteen year old daughter to Khaja. Since he owned her, he placed her within one of his best pleasure houses. He had her trained in many arts forms of pleasure before he allowed others to take their pleasure from her.Khaja truly enjoyed taking her innocence and bending her to his will, making her love him first and foremost, always. When she had given him a son, he removed her from the pleasure house, gave her a house of her own, sent her to school and then placed her in the path of Scarlet. He worked very hard to make sure there was not a single whiff of his scent upon Jessica before literally throwing her to the wolves.He smiled a small quick evil grin, “Good. Now tell me all that you know of this Jared?” he ordered as he debated whether or not it would be advisable to fuck her before sending her back to the wolf. Walking past her and into the kitchen, he decided against fucking her. He learned the hard way that Scarlet would know. It wouldn’t matter how much he made Jessica shower to remove his scent, the wolf would smell his power all over the mountain lion. He shrugged; he could always call down and have them send up one of the many young men and women that he owned.Jessica leaned her head back, eyes on the ceiling. “I don’t know much, sir. I have heard whispers of him, though I did not know that Scarlet was mated to someone other than Nathaniel, who it turns out is an Omega.” She stopped when a tall glass of water was held out to her; with an eyebrow raised, she took it from Khaja.“How did you not know that he was an Omega? They go into heat every couple of months?” he questioned as he folded himself down onto the leather couch.Jessica took a sip of water before placing it down on the side table on a coaster. “Magic I would have to assume. I have seen both Nathaniel and Tevin wearing the same stone, though Nathaniel prefers to wear it around his neck, while Tevin favors the wrist. From what I do know of Jared is that he is a Shadow wolf, has two sons, Dimitri and Tien.Khaja looked at her, eyes narrowed in thought. He already knew about Tien, but the boy Dimitri. The wolf his youngest son mated with. A growl rumbled in his chest. “It would seem that I did not punish Rajnish enough while he was in my cage.” He said, tapping his fingers on the leather. “Continue.” He stated.“As I said I do not know much. Something happened years ago and Scarlet had been extremely tight lipped about it. Out of the whole Pack, Krilen and Eric seem to know all of her secrets. I have tried for years to find out all the secrets to no avail. I even pulled Eric into my bed, hoping he was like all the other males I’ve taken to my bed but I’m afraid he stubbornly remained closed mouthed.”“What of the Omega? The one she released?”Jessica sighed, shifting in the chair, moving her legs one over the other. Just having Khaja close to her was making her wet, his scent was sending tendrils of power up and down her spine while she remembered what it was like to be under him. “Tevin has been claimed, marked and mated to Krilen. The scent that was coming off the Omega pretty much screamed pregnant.”Khaja hummed in thought. “What of the Council? Do they know?”She tapped her fingers on the armrest. “I don’t understand how she does it. But whenever the Council gets close she somehow manages to convince them that there is nothing there for them to worry about. At first I thought she was using magic to blind them or whatever, but she uses no magic that I have seen.”“That is very interesting. I need to know more.” He said as he shifted on the couch, his robe falling open and exposing himself to her view. He grinned wantonly as her eyes fell upon him. Her scent was very tantalizing and if he kept her there much longer, he would fuck her. His eyes glanced at the clock and saw the time. “You need to leave. We can’t have you late for the Packs Oath, now can we?”Jessica stood gracefully from the chair, took a single step towards Khaja and ran her fingers along his slowly hardening cock. “Yes, it would be very suspicious if I was not there.” she said softly, bent down and brushed a kiss across his lips, then stepped away and walked towards the penthouse door. When the door closed behind Jessica, Khaja reached over the couch to a table that was up against it and picked up the phone, and dialed a number from memory. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*A light mist slowly crawled along the ground of the grotto as if it had a mind of its own. A stillness seemed to grow within the tress, a sense of Other. The feeling of waiting as if the grotto was holding its breath in anticipation for something in the clearing knew something important was about to happen within the central grotto.Scarlet sat atop the stone alter, the runes that were etched into the stone glowed a faint blue. A blue that made her eyes glow with an eternal power from within. She sat stiffly at attention. Her tail lay gracefully around her body and rested atop her front paws. Below her and in front of the stone alter sat Nathaniel on her left and Jared on the right.A set of stone steps had risen from the ground to connect smoothly with the stone alter when Scarlet first approached the stone table. The grotto somehow knew what was needed and it responded to that need. As the sun began to set, her Pack slowly began to trickle into the main clearing. They all gathered in front of the alter but stayed back, almost afraid to be too close to it.Scarlet sat and waited for them to choose, she remained quiet, it was not yet her place to speak. From the back Bastion stood and walked towards the stone alter and Scarlet. The Pack moved aside as he walked through them like a great majestic king, his mane glowed eerily in the fading light making it look like a crown upon his head.Bastion bent one foreleg, bowed his massive head to Scarlet and then made his way up the four stone steps and onto the stone alter. Standing before Scarlet, he bowed again with his crowned mane still bowed he spoke. *I swear on my life, my loyalty, trust and strength with my blood I am yours to command, my Alpha.*As his words resounded through the grotto, Scarlet quick as lightning stuck before silence fell again. Her teeth sank into the skin at his neck, digging deep enough to draw blood. As she pulled back, his blood fell from her fangs and splashed on to the stone table. A spark of power rippled through his body as his blood on the alter was slowly absorbed into the stone as if it were a sponge.*Your loyalty, trust and strength shall not be misplaced.* Scarlet said as the last of his blood disappeared into the stone.Bastion stood from his bow, nodded his massive head and stepped off the stone table. As his paws touched the black marble floor, he could feel an undercurrent of power that seemed to pulse all around and within him.Matthew was next to speak his oath, when he had spoken his oath and his blood soaked into the stone, the others of the Pack stopped feeling scared and moved closer towards the alter.Xander and Devon spoke their oath, and then it was Krilen, Tevin and Abby. Krilen was not afraid, he had spoken his oath three times over, this was the second time he had spoken his oath to his Alpha within the grotto. His heart did pound with the pulse of magic when Tevin walked up the stone steps.It was here in the second grotto where Tevin conceived their child. He knew the Gods had already blessed them, but the grotto had a power and a sense all its own. He was a little afraid for how the grotto would accept Tevin and the pup inside him.Unlike the quick strike Scarlet used with the others, she had Tevin lay upon the stone. She still bit him but she made it look more like a gentle nip as she pierced his flesh, her tail brushed his abdomen. The runes on the alter glowed brighter as his blood was soaked up, wisps of blue smoke began to seep from the runes and slowly curled and danced around the alter to wrap around Tevin.*Omega’s are special in ways they don’t really understand. Mother Luna gave you her blessing when you conceived. The grotto has now given its own blessing.* Scarlet said softly enough for only Tevin and her mates to hear. The blue smoke seeped into Tevin as his blood disappeared. He could feel a new pulse just under his skin as a sense of warmth wrapped around him womb, like hands clasping a flame to keep it safe and protected.Scarlet stepped away from Tevin and allowed him to stand and step down. She gave Abby a wolfish grin when the tri-colored wolf took Tevin’s place. Abby spoke her oath clearly and with a strong voice, she didn’t even flinch when Scarlet bit into her neck and her blood splashed upon the alter. She did breathe easier when her blood was absorbed into the stone. With a bounce in her step, she bounced down the steps and back to Krilen and Tevin.Next, it was Tien who didn’t really need to do the Pack reaffirmation but he knew it would make Lexis feel a little better if he did, so he did, once his blood was absorbed, it was Eric and Lexie’s turn. Eric had done this a few years ago, so he wasn’t too bothered by having to do it again. He rumbled in his chest when his blood disappeared into the table gave his Alpha a graceful bow and leapt down the steps so Lexie could take her turn.The white tiger stood with one large paw on the bottom stone step. She could feel the power now, since Eric had told her of the well of power inside her, she could almost feel a pull that pulsed inside. When she first entered the grotto, she felt an overwhelming sense of peace fall over her. As she moved closer to the stone alter the pulse inside her rippled in excitement.Lexie walked up the steps and stopped in front of Scarlet. Looking at her, you couldn’t tell that the wolf had spilt the blood of all the Pack except for her and Jessica. *I swear on my life, my loyalty, trust and strength with my blood I am yours to command, my Alpha.*Scarlet struck fast and hard, when she pulled away her mouth was open and she lowered her head to the stone alter, and slowly the blood trickled out of Scarlet’s mouth. As the blood splashed upon the alter, sparks of blue and red fire snapped and crackled from the contact as it was slowly absorbed into the stone. Scarlet gave a very wolfish grin at the look of shock on Lexie’s face.*Blessed by both.* Scarlet stated a laugh in her tone. *Do not fear, your pledge shall not be misplaced.*Lexie grinned, chuffed air at Scarlet, her Alpha and bounced down the stone steps and over to Tien and Eric, a lightness and a new stillness settled within her. She looked around and saw her mother sitting apart from the rest of the Pack in the shadows. She didn’t see Jessica at all.Jessica stepped forward coming out of the shadows completely. Her head held high as she walked through the Pack. Her gaze on Scarlet and no one else, she ignored the murmurs of the others. They didn’t expect to see her, everyone knew that she clashed with Scarlet on many levels. Regardless of how she truly felt, she had a job to do, and she would do it even if it killed her.As her blood seeped into the stone alter, a part of Jessica almost hoped the blood would be rejected, but as it disappeared she knew before everything was said and done, she would be dead. She truly hoped that her death would be swift and by teeth and claw, than by human hand.Jessica had a feeling, a sense of foreboding as she stepped off the alter and down to the marble floor. She did not let anyone know that she felt weird, but she did feel as if there were eyes glaring at her from the Shadows, as if they knew she was a liar and a betrayer. Her golden eyes moved around the Pack, she ignored them as she took her place within the Pack and watched as a beautiful black panther with blue green eyes stepped forward from the back of the Pack.She moved with an inner grace that many would kill for, her paws making no sound as she moved towards the steps of the alter. A warm glow flared to life within her as the runes glowed a brighter blue as she walked up the stone steps. When she was on the alter she stood in front of Scarlet, and then gave a graceful bow before standing again.*Sister of my Heart I pledge my allegiance to you.* Sasha said and lifted her left paw nails extended and made a small cut along her right shoulder, retracting her claws she gathered the blood that seeped from the wound and held her paw cupped to her body as she watched as Scarlet did the same to herself. Before the whole of the Pack they watched as the wolf and panther placed their bloody paws upon the alter at the same time.As their paws met the surface of the stone alter, a blue glow emanated from their paws and the grotto light up as if the moon was shining brightly within the grotto. However, the grotto had not seen moon or sunlight in over a millennia. Blue and golden light poured from the alter and wrapped around their paws and moved up their legs, wrapping and twisting around them like silky ribbons.When their bodies were fully wrapped and entwined with the blue and gold ribbons, it flashed blindingly before it disappeared completely within their bodies. Their bond was not a bond of Pack mates, but a bond of Sisters tied together with their hearts. It was an old bond, far older and far stronger than that of a soul bond. It had fallen out of use by the Council many years ago when it was badly used and lead to a bloody violent war. However, done right the bond would tie the two together for all eternity, even in death they would still be bound.As the light faded from their sight, Sasha moved towards Scarlet. Both wolf and cat rubbed faces in a show of affection that bordered on loving as if they were lovers, which if one knew either woman would know that at one point in their lives they had been. Sasha stepped back from her Hearts Sister with a deep purr; she turned and beautifully stepped down the stone steps and walked over towards her daughter. Whom she knew was probably wondering at the odd display of affection. Several minutes passed when finally Nathaniel stood from his place at the foot of the stone alter, shook his coat out, and then bound up the steps. He sat before his Alpha, his head tilted to the side but not lowered in anyway. Alphas by nature demanded and required that all members of their Pack show their submission in some form or other. Omegas were held to the same standards, but not within Scarlet’s Pack. Scarlet had always been viewed by the Council as an odd Alpha Leader. She always treated Omegas and other lower members of her Pack or another’s Pack as if they were equal to her and being her mate was no different.Scarlet did not take offence at the lack of respect shown to her from Nathaniel, for if she were truly honest with herself, she would tell anyone that she had always believed it was the Omegas that held the most power. For they could bear children, as well as lead if it became necessary. She moved as close as one could get to Nate before she bit into his neck right over her mate mark, teeth sinking into flesh smoothly and then she was pulling away the blood dripping down and onto the stone.This time the flare of power was much brighter than what had happened previously. Nathaniel stayed where he was sitting, not moving even after his blood disappeared into the stone. Jared appeared next to him like that Shadow wolf he was and gently bit into Nate’s neck over the open wound. Again, more blood splashed down upon the stone alter, then Scarlet moved faster than the eye could see and bit into Jared. Adding his blood to Nathaniel’s blood.Before the whole Pack, they watched as Jared and Nathaniel then bit Scarlet’s neck in quick succession. As her blood hit the stone table and mixed with the other blood, blue, green, red and purple light and smoke began to rise from the blood swirling around the three wolves atop the stone table, as the smoke disappeared so did the blood. The sound of thunder booming through the grotto and several lightening strikes hit around the clearing, but away from the Pack.  Many members of the Pack would swear later that they were seeing things. That they did not see a tall beautiful woman with long white hair and piercing blue eyes, in a dark purple almost black dress. Standing next to her was another beautiful woman with long dark brown hair and hazel brown eyes, wearing a beautiful green and gold dress appear next to the stone alter, each woman had a single hand laid upon the stone table. Both women had a beautiful smile that was blinding in its beauty.When the grotto fell silent upon the stone alter was Scarlet and her mates, the stone was clean of any blood that had been spilt upon its surface. Scarlet lifted her head towards the sky and howled a long low howl that was picked up by Jared and Nathaniel, then followed by the rest of the Pack, with the added sounds of roaring from the felines with the exception of Xander who couldn’t roar but he did chirp.After many long minutes of the loud exuberance of the Pack in their joy of being bound together as a Pack, they finally grew quiet and slowly began to leave the clearing to return to the house. Some would stay at the house, while a few would leave for their own homes if they were close enough.

Lexie was the last of the Pack to leave the grotto, she watched as her mother and Scarlet spoke in low tones. Nathaniel and Jared were there but seemed to be giving the wolf and panther privacy to talk.She didn’t know what they were talking about but a part of her that had never felt connected to her father and his Clan, she now felt for Scarlet and the other members of the Pack. Tien had told her that as each member spilt their blood upon the stone alter; it would mix with all the other blood that had been absorbed into the stone. Only an Alpha Leader could tap into the blood within the stone and call each member to them, if the need was necessary.Once the Alpha Leader’s own blood mixed with all the other blood, it would create an invisible thread that bound the members of the Pack together. Each member of the Pack would be tethered to each other, if one member was hurt or in danger, they would all feel it no matter where they were.She watched them for a few minutes before she turned and left the grotto. As she stepped out of the archway she saw a pure white tiger just sitting there next to a black panther, she looked between the two with an odd look on her face.The pure white tiger just chuffed air at her. *Seems you are now a part of Scarlet’s pack. You could have chosen ours.* Rajnish said calmly while Ze’el shuffled in place a little impatient.Lexis frowned at them. *Are you not a part of Scarlet’s Pack?* she asked.The black panther growled lowly. *No. At one time we were part of her Pack but when Dimitri mated Andrew, I chose to become a part of Dimitri’s Pack because I knew our brother here,* he head butted Rajnish. *Was in love with Dimitri, always had been. It was only a matter of time before Andrew agreed to a full mating.*She frowned even more as her tail twitched showing how confused she was, *Tien told me some of your weird relationship but I’m still confused.*Ze’el sneezed, *we all but for you grew up together. Dimitri is an Alpha Leader by blood and strength. Out Alpha slept with Andrew, an unclaimed and unmarked Omega. Andrew knew full well he would have Dimitri as his mate no matter what. While our Alpha and Omega were fucking each other for years, Dimitri was still fucking Raj here.*Rajnish head butted his brother, *Must you be so crass about it?* he said then turned to look at Lexie. *I knew Dimitri had yet to knot Andrew, so their bond was not a full mate bond…Well not until Nagota was killed then Andrew was knotted. I was not brought into their bond until Paris was a year old. I do not have the ability to knot but I damn well made sure when I mated Andrew that my cub would be inside him.*Lexie looked at them both. *But how can that work? Don’t you get jealous?*Ze’el gave a purring laugh. *Not anymore they don’t.**We have worked through and passed our issues.* Rajnish said. *Now we work together perfectly as if we have been together for centuries.**Oh.* was all Lexie said.*Come,* Rajnish said as he stood up. *Mother will be a while, and Scarlet will probably stay in the smaller grotto tonight with Jared.**Really?* Lexis replied softly as she looked back towards the way she had just come.*Nathaniel and Jared already had their welcome home. If I’m not wrong Nathaniel will probably leave the grotto with our mother. So Alpha and her Beta may reacquaint themselves.* Ze’el said with a light chuckle in his voice.*Why wouldn’t Nathaniel stay with them?* she asked using his full name, since she had been there she had noticed only a few people got away with calling him Nate. Otherwise he preferred that you used his full name unless he told you himself to call him Nate.Rajnish exhaled loudly. *Not now no. I have seen Scarlet and Jared mate. It is fast, brutal and hard but still loving.* he looked over at his brother with a weird look then looked back at his sister. *Much later Nathaniel will join them in the hollow, but after the power that was used, your Alpha requires her Beta in more than one way.**Oh…okay, I guess.* She said shaking her head as images of Jared and Scarlet fucking up against a tree in the grotto flashed through her mind.Ze’el and Rajnish grinned as the smell of arousal floated around her. *You might want to calm down some before we go back to the house. Unless you want Eric to man handle you into your room and fuck you within an inch of your life?* Ze’el commented.For the first time in her life she was glad that she couldn’t blush in feline form. ~though I wouldn’t mind him bending me over and claiming me~ she thought as she took several deep breathes and let them out, calming herself and walked away from the archway with her brothers beside her.Moments after they left Sasha and Nathaniel stepped out of the archway. They both could see Sasha’s children together and talking as they walked towards the house.*Feels strange doesn’t it?* Nathaniel said from next to her.Sasha followed her children with her eyes and didn’t pretend not to know what Nate was talking about. *It does. In many ways I feel cheated about not being there for any of them, but in other ways I am grateful that she was at least taken care of despite her father.*Nathaniel nodded his head, *I can understand that.* he said softly.She turned her blue green gaze upon him, her eyes held sympathy and a shared pain. *Come, let us change, grab something to eat and watch something mindless until Scarlet calls for you.* she said and pranced away from him.Nate barked, *Don’t be too sure she will call for me.* he said as he caught up with her.Sasha purred as she bumped her shoulder against him. *Oh, she will call you. Just you wait.*

Jared licked across Nate’s nose in passing as he and Sasha left the grotto. When he turned back towards Scarlet, he saw that she was walking naked along the pathway to the hidden grotto.He shifted into human form just as she pushed open the heavy door. The need that ran through him was stronger than it had been with Nathaniel. His inner wolf was clawing inside him to knot his mate until a pup grew within her womb. And fuck the consequences, he will fill her to the brim and keep filling her up with his seed until they both knew a child grew inside her.By the time he stepped through the doorway, Scarlet lay upon the small bed that was carved out of the tree along the far side of the old tree. She lay reclined on the old earthy bedding; her brown hair was tussled and draped over her right shoulder. In the soft glow of light from a few candles made the red in her hair stand out like fire. Her ice blue eyes held his as he watched as her left hand drifted down from her neck, slowly ever so slowly, fingers lightly flicking a nipple.A wicked smile grew on her face as her hand continued its journey down, swirling around her belly button, fingers tapping a simple beat down to her womanhood. She spread her legs wider giving Jared a clear view of her fingers as they rubbed gently along her clit a few times before two fingers plunged inside her. Scarlet threw her head back as her fingers slid deeper inside her and a moan was pulled out of her.“Jared…” she groaned as she fucked herself on her own fingers, only to cry out when Jared wrapped his hand around her wrist and pulled her hand away. He was kneeling upon the bed, his eyes wide as he slid his arms under her legs, pulling them apart as he lifted them.With a wicked grin to match hers, he slid inside her with no warning. Jared’s eyes fell closed as he sank into her; the tight warm heat of her wrapped around him had him groaning in pleasure. “Fuck…” he trailed off as he took a breath as he exhaled he opened his eyes and looked at his Alpha, his soul mate, the one Mother Luna made just for him. He pulled almost all the way out before slamming back in hard; their first time together in years was always rough and hard.Scarlet’s hands gripped his hips, as she lifted her own hips to meet his hard thrusts. Her head back but her eyes never strayed from his. “Fuck…yes…harder…” she panted.Without a word to disagree, not that he ever would, his thrusts became if possible even harder. She knew in the morning there would be bruises but she didn’t care. Her sure and nimble hands clenched into his firm ass harder, leaving bloody crescents, making him hiss and growl. He bent forward and took her mouth savagely. Scarlet moaned brokenly into the kiss and tired her damnedest to bring him even further inside. If she could have she would have climbed into him, he was hers, her one mate. Mother Luna had blessed her with a second, and she wasn’t going to let this one go no matter what.Jared growled savagely and wrapped an arm around her back, lifting her from the bed still anchored groin to groin he slammed her into the wall of the tree. Scarlet cried out, a mixture of pain and pleasure, as the rough wood of the wall bit into her back. She raked her nails up his back, leaving bloody furrows as she sank her human teeth right over the claiming scar and bit hard. Jared shouted and began thrusting so hard and fast, she knew she would now have new bruises on her back. She didn’t care.“I’ve missed us.” Jared growled in her ear as she worried the mark with blunt human teeth and lapped the blood that came to the surface. Scar leaned her head back and licked her lips, her teeth and tongue stained red.She smiled lovingly and cupped his cheek. “Me too.”Jared surged forward, took her mouth with his, and kissed her. Tasting his own life’s blood in her mouth, some would find it disturbing and quite a turn off, however it only spurned him on as a white heat began building in the base of his spine. Jared reached a hand between their bodies and with nimble fingers, even for their size, rubbed her clit roughly. He felt her inner walls clamp on his cock almost to the point of pain as she screamed her release, the sound tearing through the cabin just as his knot grew fast and hard, locking them in place. Jared yelled out her name as he came, their juices mixing inside her.They met each other’s eyes and in that instant they both knew a child had been created, and would grow inside her for nine months. She could see in his eyes a new worry already being added to the list of many he carried inside him. Scarlet also felt fissures of worry crack her normal steely façade. She would have to be careful now and let the others help her, let Jared and Nathaniel fight for her. Like she would have a choice in the matter. It was time to train Lexie, regardless of how she felt. In the coming war, they would need everyone, her most of all.Her arms wrapped around his neck, and for the first time in a long time, she let someone see her weep. He sank to the floor, still inside her and clutched her to him. His much larger body enveloping her completely, he felt her sag even more against him as relentless sobs shook her body, the events of the last weeks, hell years, finally taking their toll.He buried his face in her neck and rocked her as the storm shook her. She just let go. Everything she had been holding onto for so very long, keeping to herself, she finally just let it go. As the tears ran down her face worries and fears flashed through her mind. She knew she could keep Tevin and his unborn pup safe. Hiding him with Andrew and Benton, no one could get to that secret place, not without blood proof.Jared held her tighter, as she cried. Their bond was something many would envy, for it allowed him to see and feel what she was feeling and thinking when they were close like this. However, it also had its drawbacks as well. He could feel the gut wrenching fear that was beginning to take root within her as the spark of new life grew inside her. She was terrified that she something would happen and she would lose this child.This war that was slowly coming to a head between Scarlet and Khaja, had been at a standstill for so very long. She had lost a son and a mate she had cared deeply for, and he knew it was wrong to feel grateful to Mother Luna for keeping Scarlet’s soul from following after Nagota’s. However, he was grateful and he honored Mother Luna with every breath he took that he had found her again, and was able to make her his for all time.He would not ever regret this new life, no matter what was to come. Never. He made a vow, an oath to Scarlet the night he made her his, truly his in all ways, that he would always be beside her to help fight her battles if and when she required it of him. He breathed slow and even as the last of her thoughts and fears washed over him. His heartbeat began a steady solid beat within his chest, just as the magic began to twist and swirl around the room before it streaked through his body.Pale wispy fingers of magic teased and tickled his soul as it took what it needed from him. Blue and white ribbons of power threaded through him, before it slowly, ever so slowly danced out of him and wrapped around Scarlet, to disappear into her skin. Her ice blue eyes glowed a bright white blue for a second before that even faded into the nothingness of the ether. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Lexie stood outside on the steps of Ridgemont Academy. It was winter break and she was waiting for her father to pick her up. She had been hoping to go to the bookstore before he picked her up, but someone had called and told her that he would be picking her up right after classes instead of the next day, like he normally did.She was still dressed in her uniform, her backpack slung over one shoulder. Thoughts were running through her mind about why he was picking her up early. She had been really good for the longest time, her grades were fantastic and her father had smiled at her when he had dropped her off two days ago. So being picked up a day early was freaking her out just a little.Lexie tried really hard not to fidget as she waited. She didn’t need to have the limo pull up and her father see her expressing emotions. However, her heartbeat picked up just a little when she saw the limo driving up the long driveway of the Academy.“We can do this Lexie.” She said out lout to herself.The limo came to a stop in front of the steps, and her father’s driver Devero stepped out, he walked around the limo and opened the door. His eyes hidden behind black sunglasses as he looked up at her. Just the way he was holding himself and the door told her that her father was inside and that she was expected to enter, for he was not coming out.She held in the sigh, hefted her backpack higher and skipped down the steps and bounced into the limo. Her father was sitting against the other door, she slid across the bench seat and buckled herself in and smiled at her father. She hoped her complicated French braid was still smooth, she’d checked it before she left the girls bathroom after class.Khaja just smiled softly at her, which threw her off her game when dealing with her father. “Father, when we get home, may I be allowed to go to Collins Books store?” she asked quietly. She learned a long time ago that speaking loudly only got her hurt. Lexie sat there and began to wonder what was up, her father normally responded rather quickly to her questions of leaving his presence for frivolous things.When he just sat there and didn’t say anything, she just started to ramble about the past few days. How her classes were coming along and everything in general. She was so far into it, that she didn’t see her father move until his hand clamped down upon her wrist and squeezed hard.“Alexis, you’re rambling. Now stop.” He said his voice deadly smooth, his eyes hard and calculating as they pinned her in place.She knew that tone and she snapped her mouth shut as the pain shot up her arm. She could feel her bones starting to splinter from his grip. She couldn’t help it. Whenever she got nervous, it felt like she had a swarm of bees buzzing around inside her and she just had to do something to get rid of that feeling. Rambling was that something.“You may go, only if Devero goes with you. You know how I feel about you being alone.”“Yes, father.” She whispered as her hair fell around her face and hid the shine of tears in her eyes. She forced herself to breathe calmly as she grit her teeth and tried hard to ignore the pain in her wrist. Lexie was a maestro in the art of hiding things internally, no matter how much pain they caused.The limo came to a stop at the elevators in the underground garage of her father’s business. Devero stayed in the driver’s seat while Khaja got out and waited for Lexie to climb out. Closing the door with one hand, he propelled Lexie forward with a hand on her shoulder.Once in the elevator Lexie held herself utterly still as she watched her father press the button for the floor of his office. When the elevator stopped, the hand on her shoulder tightened a little as her father steered her out of the elevator and over to the private one. No words were said as her father made sure that she was safely in the elevator.There was no guard outside the door and she breathed a huge sigh of relief as she opened the door to the penthouse. As quietly as she could she closed the door behind her and walked quickly to her bedroom only to freeze in the doorway.Sitting on her bed was Devero. He sat there looking at her, his suit jacket unbuttoned. His gaze was calm but hard as he watched her slowly enter her own room. As she moved farther inside, sliding her backpack off her shoulder, she hung it on the chair of her desk. It was then she noticed sitting next to Devero, was a first aid kit.Her emerald eyes flicked up to his then back to the kit. He just raised an eyebrow at her as Lexie heaved a sigh and pulled her uniform blazer off. She wore a navy blue polo underneath, and you could see the bruising that had already started rising along her wrist. There was mild swelling, which told her that she had a pretty nasty sprain on her hands, if not small fissure fractures.Lexie didn’t say anything as she stepped up to the driver and held out her left arm. Devero didn’t say anything either as his fingers moved along her wrist and arm gently but with confidence. His long fingers skimmed along the palm of her hand and fingers, they had been over this little scene many a time, so it did no good to fight or argue.“Not broken. It is going to hurt like hell for a few days.” Devero said softly. With one hand, he reached over and picked up the ace bandage that was next to the first aid kit. Quickly and surly he wrapped her wrist and hand. “There now,” he said after pinning it down. “We leave in fifteen minutes. You will only have two hours, since your father will be back here for dinner.” He told her as he held out his hand palm up. Two ibuprofen lay innocently in his hand. She took them with a small smile of thanks and watched as he took the kit and left the room, silent as a ghost.Lexie closed the door then took the pills with water from the glass that always sat next to her bed. Then she quickly changed out of her uniform and into a long sleeved shirt and blue jeans. She was really glad it was winter break, because she could get away with wearing long sleeves and no one would know her wrist was sprained. Lexie shook her hair out of her shirt and grabbed her bag, opening her door she stepped out of her room. With her ever prevalent bounce, that nothing could take away, she practically skipped down the hallway to the door where Devero was waiting for her.

Sam rested her left shoulder up against the door to Lexie’s dorm room her arms crossed loosely in front of her. She watched as Lexie sat at her desk working on her history essay that wasn’t due for another month. Sam saw how well Lexie was hiding how upset she really was. She had heard the conversation Lexie had over the phone. You couldn’t miss the utterly devastated look that had flashed across the other woman’s face like flash fire.“Hey?” Sam spoke up softly, eyes soft and full of sympathy as she saw Lexie take a sharp breath at the suddenness of sound in the otherwise silent room.Lexie breathed slowly for a minute before placing her pencil down on the desk and looking up at Sam. “Hey.” She replied just as softly.“You need a break.” She said with a soft grin. “You’ve been working nonstop since the semester started.” Sam told her, head tilted in inquiry. Sam had just gotten back from the salon and she was now sporting light brown streaks through her dark brown hair.Lexie’s emerald green eyes met hazel blue ones, tiredness heavy in her gaze. “I can’t. I really have to get this done.” She said as she waved at the papers scattered across the desk.Sam scowled at Lexie, taking in the dark purple bruises under her eyes. “That is not what I want to hear.” She said as her eyes narrowed at her friend. Sam was very prepared to argue with Lexie.Lexie turned her head away. She liked Sam, she really did but she wasn’t too sure about going out. What would happen if one of her father’s men saw her and reported back?“Come on, Lex.” Sam pleaded as she came into the room and grabbed a hold of Lexie’s arm, pulling her out of the chair and to her feet. “You need a serious break. I swear you’ll love it!”Lexie sighed as she gave in to Sam. “Alright.”“Yes!” Sam exclaimed in excitement as she pulled Lexie out of her room and across the hallway to her own room. Sam pushed Lexie down onto her bed and then turned towards the closet where she pulled out a huge duffle bag. Sam had a truly wicked look on her face when she closed the bedroom door and turned towards Lexie. “Oh this is going to be epic.”After several heated words between the two, Lexie finally capitulated and gave into Sam. She stood in front of a full-length mirror and looked at herself. Sam had pulled out several different types of clothes from the bag before settling on a pair of black skintight hip hugging jeans, a corset top with a yellow background and black silky lace over it. To top off the outfit, Sam had handed her a halter jacket that matched the outfit perfectly. She also wore a pair of black dressy boots. Lexie raised an eyebrow at Sam through the mirror in question about the clothes. Sam just smiled wickedly.Lexie tried really hard not to show how nervous she really was as they climbed out of the cab at the entrance to the hottest club in the city. Sam had laced their fingers together as she pulled Lexie along behind her. Lex was shocked that Sam just flashed a blinding smile at the bouncer and he just waved them through.Her heart was beating a mile a minute as she scanned the faces of the people inside the club. Lexie knew every single guard her father had and she really didn’t need to get caught by one of them. Her father would be pissed.The club was playing some kind of techno music as Sam dragged them through the crowd of people dancing towards the bar. Sam leaned up against the bar and told the bartender what she wanted and then looked at Lexie. “Chill girl. Trust me?” Sam said.Lexie looked at the earnest look on Sam’s face. ~Sam isn’t like them, Lex~ she said to herself. “Yeah.” Lexie said and then looked at the bartender. “Can I have a Coke please?” she asked, unlike Sam, Lexie knew better than to drink alcohol.The bartender nodded his head, he placed two glasses on the bar and filled one up with coke and the other he filled with several different kinds of liquor. Sam handed over a twenty when he was done, not once letting their hands go, she grabbed her drink and pulled Lexie along with her again.Sam didn’t let go of Lexie until they were at an empty table. She downed half her drink in one huge gulp. “Okay, I am so going to dance.” She said to Lexie then disappeared into the crowd.Lexie sat there slowly tapping her foot to the beat of the music as she sipped her coke and people watched. She was on her second soda when a tall man with wide shoulders sat down on the bar stool next to her. He had long dark brown hair tied back into a ponytail, that showed off his strong jaw and graceful cheekbones. His light brown eyes seemed to smile at her, as if he already knew her. At first, she thought he was one of her father’s guards, but when he smiled softly at her, she knew that this man was not one of those men.He was huge. A tight see through shirt clung to the muscles on his arms and chest, tight dark brown pants that Lexie was pretty sure were leather, seemed to be a second skin on the man. His black boots were flat, so his height was all his own. She hadn’t known it but the longer they talked the more she calmed down.Lexie was not known for talking to strange men or woman, so she found it kind of amazing that this man was so very easy to talk too. A really good song with a hypnotic beat started, Liam looked at her with a soft smile. “Would you like to dance?” he asked, his voice was a deep baritone that she could hear over the beat of the music.She looked at him in a little bit of shock, “I thought you were gay?” she blurted. She slapped her hand over her mouth and mumbled an apology through her hand.Liam laughed a deep warm belly laugh at her shock. “No I am not, I do not believe in labels. Now would you like to dance?” he asked again as he stood from the seat and held out a hand to her.Lexie flushed as she slid her hand into his, he pulled her gently from the chair and onto the dance floor. It was one of those body grinding, blood thumping, and pulse beating songs. It drove you to let go and move with the music. She let the music carry her away as she danced with him. His body was a solid wall of muscle along her back, he was truly huge in every way and she felt safe and protected as his arms wrapped around her waist.They stayed close together even after the song ended and a new one began. Lexie could feel the sweat bead and roll down her back as her eyes fell closed, her head tilted up as the beat of the song washed through her. After the sixth song, she opened her eyes and almost screamed in surprise.Sam stood there with a strange look on her face. She was moving with the music, leaned over, and said in Lexie’s ear, “Hey it’s late. We should book it.”Lexie nodded her head and went to tell Liam that she was leaving and found him gone. Her eyes flickered around the room looking for him, only to not find him at all. With that realization, the calm feeling she had had popped like a bubble and her nerves and fears came pouring back in.“Yes. I have tests.” Lexie mumbled to herself. She was so preoccupied that she never saw the sad look on Sam’s face nor Liam standing in Shadows watching. As their cab was pulling away, a dark sedan pulled up to the club and several of her father’s men climbed out.

Raj was leaning up against the counter of Collins’ Books store, he wore a dark green polo and tan pants. The small white name badge said ‘Brian’. His pale blue eyes watched his sister. He had gotten a job here a few years ago just so he could keep an eye on her. Over the years, he had noticed that she was quiet, nervous and a little jumpy at times, but overall, despite their father she was pretty well adjusted. Lexie had been coming to Collins Books store since she stumbled upon the place one horrible day after school when she was fifteen. Ever since then she had found the quaint little shop warm and welcoming. There was something about the atmosphere of the place that always seemed to put her at ease. Large chairs placed around the shop in odd places, small tables is different shapes were next to each chair.The shop offered coffee, tea and hot chocolate to its customers. You could sit down and read for hours and no one would bother you. Lexie was curled up in one of the many chairs, reading a book about nothing in particular. A warm cup of Chocolate sat next to her as she read a book. She would randomly twine a lock of hair around her finger as she read and flipped pages.Raj moved along the counter to the stack of books that were part of Lexie’s order. He reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a small card. There was a pretty picture of a white wolf on it with a website url underneath it. He picked up a pen and wrote on the back of it ‘Ever need a friend, one can be found here.’ And slipped it into one of the books. It was one of many she had ordered but he knew she really wanted this one, so it was a given that it would be the first she opened.With a small smile on his face, he went over, picked up her almost empty cup, and went to make her another one. He had done this enough times to know that she would have one more before she left the shop for home. He would also call his brother and let him know that there were fresh bruises on her wrists. She was wearing long sleeves, but he was a shifter. One that knew a lot about bruises to know when someone was hiding them. He hated that they had to watch and befriend their sister from a distance.He placed the fresh cup down next to her and went to finish up some of his work. After another hour or so, Lexie finally closed the book she was reading, drank the last of her chocolate and took the cup and put it in the sink and went to the counter.Raj smiled but said nothing; he had learned fast that talking to her tended to make her more nervous. He nodded and picked up her books, ringing them up quickly. “22.50” he said softly.Lexie gave him a soft nervous smile and handed over twenty-three dollars. “Thank you.” She said pocketing the fifty cents and picking up the bag before leaving the shop never hearing Raj say ‘bye little sister.’Once home, she closed her bedroom door and upended the bag of books onto her bed. As the books tumbled from the bag, the book she wanted the most fell out last. She picked it up and went over to her chair and sat down. She opened it and frowned as she saw the card.“What?” she said out loud as she looked at the card. She put her book down absentmindedly as she got up and went to her computer. She turned on the monitor as she sat down. When her web browser opened, she typed in the website. It was a pretty impressive website.It was a web chat site. It was also kind of strange as well, there were images of wolves and large cats, many of them were animated. As she clicked through the site, she began to think that maybe this site was for shifters. “Couldn’t hurt.” She said and created an account.She had just finished putting the last touches on her account when a ding rang through her bedroom. Lexie jumped a little in surprise, she looked around her room before looking back at the screen. There at the bottom was a small flashing paw print. Clicking on it, it popped open into a small chat window.

Lexie blinked at the chat window for a full minute before she replied.

: I saw that you were new. I figured I would pop in and say ‘Hi’.

Greeneyedwonder: oh, well hi.

: If you have any questions you can ask away. I’m always on. I like to make new people feel welcome and all that.

Greeneyedwonder: Um…right now I just want to look around.Bloodwolf121: LOL…That is totally fine! If you have any problems, don’t be afraid to say anything. Pretty much everything goes here, though we do like to keep it respectful.Greeneyedwonder: Oh, okay thank you.Lexie found herself logging into the site almost every night. It was a relief in a way to talk to someone that didn’t know who she was.

After they had changed into clothes and Lexie got a good look at Rajnish, she just stood there in shock. “You…” was all she could say. She just kept looking at him as flashes of this same man brining her hot cocoa as she curled up in a large chair in the bookstore, when she’d been younger.He nodded his head, “You look like you need some cocoa?” he said with a soft smile on his face and opened his arms. Lexie nervously stepped towards him, tears in her eyes as his arms wrapped around her and held her tight as he whispered soft words into her ear. Her hands gripped his shirt tightly, knuckles turning white from how hard she was clutching him.“Thank you.” She whispered as the tears rolled down her cheeks.“For what?” he asked just as softly.“For everything.” She said and closed her eyes.She pulled away from Rajnish, whom she had known for several years as Brian, to find out that he was her brother, just boggled her mind. She wiped the tears off her face and then looked at Ze’el, really looked at him. They stared at each other before more tears welled up in her eyes and she moved over and just threw herself at him. “Hey Devero…” she whispered with a small smile on her face.Ze’el wrapped his arms around his sister, one around her waist to rub at her back, while the other hand came up and cupped the back of her head, pressing it into his shoulder. His head dipped down to her ear, “Always looking out for you little sister.” Lexie laughed out a chocked laugh, tears clogging in her throat. “Yes, you are.” She said into his shoulder.They were in the library, her brothers and her, piled on the couch talking about everything. There didn’t seem to be a single topic that was off limits. If she wanted to know, they would tell her. She began to realize that over the years, they helped her as best they could without their father interfering. Rajnish was beaten severely when Khaja found out that Raj had helped in a small way to get Lexie out of there and away from their father’s influence.  ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*A shiny black limo rolled over dead leaves and branches, making small popping and crunching sounds, with an echo of dry leaves rubbing together, as it almost crawled along a very old dirt road. The road was surrounded by trees of all types, some young and new to the world and some so tall and old you couldn’t see a top. They cast many shadows over the road, in some places so thick the gray road was pitch. Along the ground rolled a thick mist that concealed many things from view, almost as if it were alive, clinging to the wheels and only seeming to just part for the limo as it drove. The vehicle bounced over a hole in the road as it rolled to a stop at the edge of a clearing within the forest.Khaja stepped out of the limo and onto hard packed, dark almost black dirt. The trees surrounding the clearing were bowed outward, as if at one point in time, something massive had exploded within the space. There was power here, within the circle. An oppressive power, that seemed to claw at you and demand payment, a payment made in blood.He unbuttoned his jacket and shrugged it off his shoulders, it slid down his muscled arms to flutter to the ground in an expensive heap of fabric. His bare feet dug into the ground as he walked farther into the clearing, stripping the rest of the constricting fabric from his body. Speaking in a deep voice, with words long since fallen into the black abyss of times long forgotten, his eyes blazed with a deep well of inner power as the words took shape.Tendrils of smoke rose from the earthen floor to dance around Khaja, as if caressing him as a lover would. As his voice faded into silence the smoke took form, long light brown, wavy hair tumbled down and around in waves to mid waist of a thin willowy figure. Pale eyes flashed with power as they gazed at him through a thick curtain of hair.A blood red-the color of old decayed blood-and black corset dress molded itself to the willowy figure. Long pale arms were bare of cloth and adornment, except for a thin silver bracelet wrapped around one skeletal thin wrist. The skin on her seemed almost translucent and thin. Long fingered hands were clasped coquettishly, waiting.Khaja’s eyes fell closed with a heavy exhale of breath. The figure tilted its head eerily in macabre curiosity, as the eyes stared at him unblinkingly blank. “What is your desire?” a soft musical voice asked. However, the sound seemingly came from all around the clearing and not from the figure in front of him. To a regular human, had they been in the clearing, would have instantly frozen in sheer terror. Her voice conjured images of hands coming from the ground, the sound of gates being shut with a groan and a creek. Her voice brought to mind ancient derelict graveyards and rot coated in candy. However to Khaja it did nothing, for she was a part of him, or rather he was a part of her.Opening his eyes he took in the figure before him, it always amazed him, that his power would manifest itself in the form of a deceptively young and innocent looking woman. “I seem to have misplaced my wayward daughter.”There was an expel of power almost like an exhale of breath. Dirt and leaves billowed away from the figure standing before him, even though it never once moved, with it came the smell of mold and body rot. “Misplaced?” the figure questioned, there was a ringing tone of disapproval in the voice. Within the clearing, the dirt and the trees moved with the figure as she breathed. The fading light made the figure glow with an ethereal light. “Misplaced.” The figure repeated in a soft deadly voice. The confusion rang loud and clear in its tone.Khaja sighed and shrugged off the disapproval. “It would appear my daughter had help in fleeing from my side.”With those words the figure moved. Wind blowing around her, hair billowing away from the face to reveal it in all its beauty. Flawless porcelain skin, high cheekbones and almond shaped eyes with black kohl dusting around them gave her a seductive look. She pushed her full lower lip out in a pout as her pale eyes flashed wickedly. She moved around Khaja, her gaze looking everywhere but at him. “You have not brought what I asked.” She commented childishly.Khaja’s back stiffened at the tone of voice. Nothing good ever happened when that tone was used. He turned toward her, no fear or shame in his own nakedness. “I must apologize.” He said softly.Her gaze snapped to lock on his eyes, a spark of power crackled like lightning between her fingers. Eyes narrowed into slits, cat eyes glaring frozen daggers of ice at him. “I gave you what you asked.” Her voice hard and biting.“You did,” He replied. He waved his hand towards the limo, the trunk popped open by its self. “I give you something better, I hope.”She tilted her head, her face transforming into one of childish glee, bouncing on the pads of her bare feet, hands clapping excitedly. “Really?” she squealed.Khaja walked passed her, muscles flexing as he moved. A small smile on his face as he reached into the trunk and pulled out a small boy. The boy was dressed in pajamas, his hands bound behind him, a blind fold covering his eyes and a strip of duck tape across his mouth to muffle his cries.“Oh!” she gasped in awe, clapping her dainty hands happily, falling into a squat. Her dress fanning out around her as she watched with mad eyes as Khaja allowed the boys feet to touch the ground. With a firm grip on the back of the boy’s neck, he walked the boy forward.She not once moved as they walked towards her, eyes riveted upon the small child, Khaja stopped him in front of her. Her eyes looked the boy up and down, her forehead creasing into a frown. Leaning forward she inhaled his scent. Sweet earthy pinecones and honey filled her nose, her eyes widened as she pulled back.“I promised you one of my blood and one I give you.” He said evenly and calmly. He stepped back, his hand falling to his side.A pale long fingered hand, nails painted black with blood red tips slid under the blind fold and pulled it away with a sharp tug. Dark eyes blinked in the sudden light. “Not a first born, but a grandchild none the less.” She said sweetly. A single swipe of a finger across the tape, and it faded away in a gray wisp.The boy jerked away when he focused on the woman before him, utter terror making his eyes glassy and wide. He was just about to scream for his papa when the woman flashed forward into his space.“Hush.” She said and placed two fingers over his mouth. Her eyes locked on his as her other hand curled around his small neck and on his next blink, the long finger nails became razor sharp and quick as lightning as they slid across the boys throat. Nails sliding through flesh as a razor splits hair, blood spilled over the nails and down the hand to pool at the boy’s feet. An evil, wicked grin spread across her face, sharp pointed teeth glinted in what light remained. She inhaled as the last of the boys blood pumped out of him.A squelching sucking sound pierced the silence as she removed her hand from the throat. A dark chuckle rumbled from her as the body fell to the ground, then moving until both her hands and feet were in the puddle of blood.“Where is she?” Khaja commanded.She hummed as the blood began to bubble and boil around her. Her head fell forward, hair falling around her head, the ends dipping into the boiling mass. As the blood roiled around her, it turned into a red mist that danced in a sick twisted version of a cobra dancing for its master. It gathered above her head as it began to solidify, turning into a mirror.Blurry images began to appear within the mirror as the blood began to disappear the images became clearer. The last of the blood wisped up and around her, and the picture showed a large house surrounded by forest.  The image moved away from the house as it seemed to zoom in as it moved.Khaja stood frozen as he saw a flash of fire red hair caught his eye. The image became sharper as it followed his daughter, who was laughing and smiling, her clothing dirty and hair a tangled mess. His eyes narrowed as he saw a large lion running beside her. His nostrils flared as he inhaled sharply as a pure white wolf with red splashed across the muzzle appeared. He knew Jessica had told him true, but seeing the wolf, that he had spent several human lifetimes trying to kill, sent him into a white hot rage.His eyes fell closed, his jaw tight as he ground his teeth together in absolute fury. His daughter was not only with the wolf, but the image of her looking anything but perfect and sinking her fingers into the wolf’s fur, would forever be burned into his memory. The need to kill the wolf was a powerful one, all consuming.“Where?” he ground out, his hands fisting to keep the shaking at bay. He couldn’t very well take his anger out on her, for she was nothing more than a physical manifestation of his magic, she was a perfect image of his soul. His eyes opened as the image changed suddenly and zoomed in on a small plank that sat at the end of a long driveway and was nestled in the middle of rocks and flowers. On the wooden sign was a name and address.

Saskatchewan, Canada

Khaja breathed in and smiled. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Scarlet sat Indian style on the training mat in the basement. Her hands were at rest atop her knees; her breathing was even and slow as she meditated despite the sounds of flesh hitting flesh and the ever accompanying grunts of pain. She let the sounds wash over her and take her deeper into the calm headspace that allowed her to connect with her magic as well as the magic that flowed free around everything.Normally she would meditate in the central grotto, but after the run she had with Lexie and Eric, she had felt something dark and rotting wash over her. It made her feel dirty and her skin crawl; she had let Lexie and Eric run past her. When she stood still, the feeling was worse, as if something was reaching inside her and pulling at her very core.So she had decided at the last minute to end their play and have Lexie trained. She had called the Pack together, they were all mingling around as Xander showed her the basics. Eric leaned up against the wall as he watched Xander guide her with his hands.Eric was a very able fighter and he would get his chance to spar against Lexie. He was too much of a heavy hitter for Scarlet to feel comfortable starting Lexie off with first. Scarlet fully believed that Lexie would never truly be a heavy hitter, but a quick and deadly one, given enough time and training.Xander was fast and agile; he could read his opponents body language better than anyone she knew. He would be able to teach Lexie how best to move and where to hit an opponent for maximum damage. It also helped that he had the enthusiasm and patience of a god. Once Lexie had most of the moves down, Xander smiled at her and stepped out of the taped off area and waved to Devon.Lexie breathed even, rubbing her taped hands along her thighs in anticipation, and a little bit of nervousness. She didn’t really know Devon, but she did know that he didn’t really like her all that much. She watched as Devon finished taping his hands and walked towards her, with a pretty wicked looking grin.Devon was quick as Xander and with his short height, he could move in quick as lightning. Landing several hits before he moved out of reach, and not once would he take a blow. He also tended to play dirty.

Scarlet leaned on her left elbow against the bar, in an up and coming dance club. The club was trying its best to leave its mark upon the town, it just left Scarlet smiling, she knew it would be gone in a handful of months. She sipped at her whiskey as she kept her eye on Matthew, who was tending bar. The past several nights he had been getting harassed by some guys who didn’t understand the word No, so, she chose to be his buffer.She smirked at some kid who thought they could get a beer out of Matt, walk away with a soda, when a splash of purple caught her eye. She turned her head and it took everything in her power not to drop her jaw in shock at the pair that had just walked in. A tall young man wearing skintight black leather, boot cut pants with Gucci boots. His top was a material that hugged every muscle like skin and showed off his large upper arms well. He had royal purple hair that was pulled back smoothly into a ponytail at the nape of his neck with a slim hair tie.His companion was turning heads. He was wearing cheetah print pants that rode so low on his curvy hips that you could see the boy shaved, and nor was there anything under the pants. His top was see through and the same color brown as his pants, he was showing off a slim and flat stomach. His hair was spiked up and looked to Scarlet as if it would be soft to the touch. He had kohl rimming around his eyes, and making the brown of them pop and sparkle. Along his right temple was cheetah print done in black body paint, and on his feet were brown suede Versace boots.Scarlet kept her jaw closed as she watched them walk to the dance floor, her eyes tracking them. She knew they had money to burn, since there was no way in hell they could afford those boots without serious cash to back it up. As she watched them dance together, she realized three things. One: they were shifters, two: they were underage and three: they wanted each other badly, but were not lovers.She was happy to realize that they were only here to dance and have fun. For not once did they ever order anything but soda at the bar. Two hours before the club closed a fight broke out. A human had gotten a little handsy with the smaller one of the pair, and his companion had reacted as one would expect from a lover. When a human had landed a blow to the face of the taller one, the small young man, showed them just how deadly he could be. He was quick and dirty, laying out the three men who had started the fight out on the floor unconscious. They slipped out the door before the police could even get there.Scarlet made a mental note in her head to have Matthew find them and see how they would feel about being in a Pack. She had a feeling that they would be a breath of fresh air to her own rag tag Pack.

Scarlet was pulled out of her meditation when the thud of a body hit the mat not too far from where she sat. Opening her eyes, she grinned at Lexie who was scowling fiercely at Devon.The lynx bounced on his feet, grinning madly at her. He wasn’t even breathing hard, he ran a taped hand through his hair making it stand up in unruly spikes. Never once taking his eyes off Lexie, “No offence but I can do this all day.” he said cheerfully. By his demeanor and body language, he was seriously enjoying throwing Lexie around. Lexie was several feet taller than he was, so he found it great fun. He rolled his neck along his shoulders; small pops could be heard as he adjusted his neck.“Be nice, Dev.” Xander murmured softly from his spot against the wall. He had folded himself a top the counter, a book open in his lap, a towel around his neck. Xander had no problem admitting that watching Devon spar was turning him on in the best way. Just watching his lynx moving freely, bobbing and weaving, his body moving in and around Lexie. Devon moving was a work of art and Xander could not get enough of watching his mate.Scarlet raised an eyebrow at Lexie, “Taking a break are we?” she commented.Lexie breathed deeply scowling at Scarlet as she pushed herself up off the mat and onto her feet again. She shook out her arms as she stepped back into the taped area.Scarlet hid a proud smile as she watched.Devon didn’t give Lexie a second to settle herself, he was moving quick and fast. He kicked out with one leg, and threw a punch as his body was turning with the motion. Lexie blocked the kick and grabbed a hold of his arm. She gripped it, dropping her knee and shoulder, with his momentum used against him; he rolled over her shoulder and landed on the mat with a pained grunt.Lexie’s mouth dropped open in pure shock, her eyes wide as she looked at Devon. He was grinning madly up at her. Clapping broke the silence. She looked up and saw most of the Pack in the basement, they all had smiles or smirks on their faces as they clapped at her success.Scarlet hummed at Lexie’s shock, “Bastion.”Bastion smiled softly at Lexie as he moved away from the wall and stepped into the tapped area. “I won’t be so nice.” He said softly to her. Lexie nodded her head in understanding and then lunged at him.Six hours later, Lexie was soaking wet and breathing hard. Her body was screaming in exhaustion. She had been moving in one constant motion, Bastion was pure badass, and he had left bruises that proved it. Nathaniel was the same way, though when he moved it was like watching water flow down a babbling brook. At this moment, she just wanted to curl up and die. It felt like it had taken her forever to drop Tien. She would never ever admit that, the kid had seriously kicked her ass.She was beginning to seriously think that Scarlet was going to have her fight the whole Pack before the night was done. She wasn’t too sure if she would survive it.“Sasha.” Scarlet called softly.Eric pushed himself away from the wall, a growl rumbling out, eyes hard on Scarlet. He was growing tired of watching Lexie get hit and thrown to the ground. Now his Alpha was calling in Sasha. The panther maybe Lexie’s, mother but the woman was just as deadly as Scarlet. Scarlet glared right back, “Don’t you dare.” She said voice icy and hard. Eric snapped his mouth shut, eyes falling to the floor as he leaned back against the wall. Jared huffed a laugh at Eric’s antics. The lion gave his Beta a dirty look and turned back towards the mat, as he calmed the raging need inside him to protect Lexie. He always knew he’d find his mate, though he was not expecting to find his mate within his pack let alone Sasha’s daughter.The whole Pack understood that Eric was just a tad too overprotective of Lexie. They understood it, and they were all for Eric courting Lexie, but after the shit storm that was coming.Sasha rolled to her feet from where she had been meditating. She was wearing blue loose fitting pants and a black sports bra. There was a tribal rose and heart tattoo that curled around one of her hips. Her fingers grazed over Scarlet’s shoulder as she walked passed. A soft smile on her face as she stepped into the circle, she brought her hands together and bowed to Lexie.Lexie’s eyes widened at the formal bow and she returned the gesture. With deep, even breathes they circled each other. “I do this so you understand.” Sasha said cryptically.Sasha slid along the mat, and hit Lexie in the side. The blow was hard and sent sparks of pain through her body. Lexie blocked a high kick, but didn’t duck quick enough to miss the other leg that snapped across her face. Lexie fell to the mat in a spin.She watched her mother through half-lidded eyes, trying hard not to glare at her.Sasha waited for her daughter to stand up before she stepped back in. Lexie could do nothing but try her damndest to block and dodge. Her mother was like a viper, quick and deadly. None of the others that she had spared with today were like this. Lexie was beginning to think they were going easy on her, because there couldn’t be any other possible reason to explain how her tiny mother was not only kicking her ass but throwing her around.Lexie was so focused on not dying that the sound of a half aborted growl just caught her attention. Which was bad, because it left her open for her mother to knock her ass to the mat again. She wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth and looked over to where she had heard the noise. Lexie just blinked at what she saw.Scarlet had Eric pushed hard up against the wall, her hand wrapped around his neck and her body held close to his. Eric’s eyes were closed, his hands were against the wall, bent like he was trying hard not to dig his nails in the cement wall. Scarlet pushed up against him, her face in his face. “I am only going to say this once, so listen close.” She grit out, her jaw clenched tight. “I am Alpha. If I want to throw every member of my Pack at Lexis and watch as each one beats the ever living shit out of her. Then I will, it is my right.”“Alpha…” he trailed off, voice tight.“I understand that you both are forming a bond. I get it, I do. You’re protective, but you need to stop now, before I am forced to beat some sense into you.” She stood up on her tip toes, her cheek touching his cheek as her lips brushed his ear. “I would hurt you, Eric. Trust me when I say, that she can take it. Her father has done much worse to her than any of us could ever do.” She whispered in his ear. The Pack members closest to them, quickly looked at Lexie and new anger rose in them at the thought of Khaja hurting her. Scarlet pulled away and released him once she felt his body relax in submission.She stepped back several feet, then looked over at Lexie. Who was laying on the mat breathing hard, a small dab of blood at the corner of her mouth. She exhaled sharply, “Go shower and rest. We are done here for today.” Scarlet said.Sasha helped her daughter up, her smile was open and friendly. “You did very well, Lexie.” She spoke softly to her daughter. “Not many people can take the abuse that you did and still stay standing for as long as you have, when I am thrown at them.”Lexie huffed out a laugh. “Really?” she asked, holding a hand to her side. Lexie was pretty sure she had some bruised ribs.“Yes. Who do you think taught your father how to fight?” Sasha replied blandly. The Pack was now trickling out of the basement finding other places to be.Lexie looked at her mother in shock, green eyes wide in disbelief. “What? You taught father?”Sasha laughed out loud, “Yes, I very much did. Your father couldn’t fight to save his life when I first met him. Long before your brothers were brought into this world, I spent many a day teaching your father how to be deadly on two feet.” Sasha rubbed her daughters back gently, “Now I suggest you go soak in a bath, your body is going to love you for it.” She said and then left Lexie standing there in shock.Lexie swayed a little on her feet. She would have fallen had it not been for Eric, who wrapped his hand around her arm. He moved to pick her up, and she easily side stepped him. “I can walk.” She said softly, her other hand coming up to squeeze his hand on her arm.“You did better than I thought.” Eric admitted as they slowly walked out of the empty basement.She frowned at him. “What?” she asked. “Were you expecting me to fail?”Eric huffed out a laugh, “After having your ass handed to you by everyone and then having to fight your mother. Yes, I actually did.” He said bluntly.Lexie snorted as she took stepped up the stairs slowly and gingerly. “Nice to know I surprised you.” She said as he opened the door for them.Scarlet, Sasha and Jared were standing at the island in the kitchen talking quietly to themselves as Lexie and Eric came out of the basement. Scarlet looked at them as they practically shuffled up the stairs. “Lexie.” She called.Lexie stopped and turned to look back. “Yeah?”“You have permission to use my shower.” Scarlet replied, and smirked at the wide eyed look that graced Lexie’s face. Lexie nodded her head and began walking up the stairs again. “Eric, you do not.”Eric only paused for a breath, a growl rumbled out of him, only to be cut off by Lexie elbowing him in the ribs. They disappeared up the stairs, before Scarlet looked at her sister and mate.“What?” she asked.Jared just looked at her and laughed. “Be nice to the poor man.” He rumbled out through his laughter as Sasha laughed with him, hers a musical lilting sound.Scarlet just raised an eyebrow at him and smirked.

After taking a long hot shower in Scarlet’s ninth wonder of the world shower, Lexie had found Eric out on her balcony in one of the chairs. He looked to be sleeping but she saw his muscles tense a little when she stepped out onto the balcony in a band t-shirt and sweat pants. Her hair was still damp and she had braided it into a messy braid, she gave him a small warm smile as she padded over to him and straddled his lap, curling up against him, her head under his chin. They sat there for a long while as he rubbed her back gently before she pulled her head back to look at him in confusion.“I don’t know what’s going on?” she said softly.Eric tilted his head, “What?” he asked just as softly.“I don’t get it. Why do I feel this way for you? I don’t even know you?” her face creased in pure confusion.Eric looked her in the eyes, a soft gentle smile on his face. He knew what she was asking but he couldn’t for the life of him bring himself to tell her yet. She had barely started to come to terms with what was going on, he couldn’t throw that what she was feeling for him was her tiger sensing its mate and calling for it. “I have no idea.” He said and brought a hand up to pull her forward and kissed her, softly and yet with as much promise as he could put into it. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Two tigers, one a Siberian Tiger and the other a Bengal lay in a warm patch of sunlight. They had spent the better part of the last two days adjusting to being in a pack. One that felt a hell of a lot more connected than the Clan they had been attached to. The sun was bright and warm, warming their fur pleasantly. Stevens rolled over till his body was propped up against Fabien, who was sprawled out on his stomach.Several minutes passed with them just enjoying their quiet time and each other, when a wave of pure darkness rolled over and through Stevens. He rolled off and away from Fabien, he shook his body, golden yellow eyes scanning the clearing for the danger he felt. Andrew had told them it was safe here, but what he had just felt didn’t feel safe at all.*James?* Fabien inquired as he pulled himself to his feet, eyes locked on his mate. Stevens had seemed to grow two sizes since rolling nimbly to his feet. His body held in a tight ball of tension.Stevens chuffed as he began to shift in his place, his eyes roaming around them. *There is a problem.* his voice was so soft Fabien barely heard it.Fabien looked around as he stepped closer to Stevens. *Where?* he asked, head butting his mate in the shoulder trying to dispel some of the tension he was holding onto.The Siberian only tensed up more at the touch of his mate, and without a word he spun around and darted off into the forest. Fabien blinked his eyes after Stevens, he tilted his head as the realization hit him, that Stevens had taken off in the wrong direction of the house they were living in. The Bengal shook himself and ran after his mate.This wasn’t Stevens preferred terrain, he was better suited for a barren snow covered land. He had never been on this property but he did have a lot of experience running in unknown territory. Any other time he would have felt bad for leaving his mate behind with little to no warning. But he didn’t have time to explain what had prompted this sudden need to warn.He knew he should find his Alpha and tell him. Only he was pretty sure his Alpha was reacquainting himself with his mate’s. So he ran head long in the direction of the only other Alpha he knew. He could hear Fabien several paces behind him.This terrain was very much suited for his mate, Stevens shook his head as he leapt gracefully over a fallen log. He felt magic wash over him as he passed an old wooden shed. He slowed down as a large house came into view. His chest was heaving with heavy pants as he saw wooden steps that went up to the third floor. He remembered Jared saying something about it vaguely, years ago.His golden yellow eyes flickered to the double glass French doors on the first floor. He was debating what to do when Fabien stepped up next to him.*Well?* Fabien asked as he breathed just as heavy.*There’s no help for it.* He murmured and on his next breath he was standing there on two feet, naked as the day he was born. He drew in a deep breath, walked up to the doors and knocked. As he waited, he saw Fabien standing a few feet back, trying to hide how nervous he really was.A shadow fell upon him and the door was opened, his shoulders relaxed as Jared held the door open looking at them.Jared stood there bare foot, in loose cotton shorts that showed off how truly magnificent his legs were. He wore no shirt, showing that there were suspicious red marks along his collar bone and neck, his face was flushed and his lips were kiss swollen.For the first time in his life, Stevens felt himself blushing as the scent of warm musk hit his senses. He flicked his eyes away. “I’m sorry for disturbing you, but I think we might have a problem.” He said.Jared looked at him and then over at Fabien, he nodded his head and stepped back to allow them both to enter. He walked over to the laundry section and picked up two gray folded articles of clothing. He walked back over to them and tossed one to each of them. “Dress and wait here.” Was all he said and went up the stairs to his mate’s. His footsteps silent on the wrought iron staircase.All but one set of drapes around the bed were closed, the bedding was bunched up and sliding off the mattress to the floor. In the middle of the large bed was Scarlet and Nathaniel. Both of them naked, skin slick with sweat. Nate was kneeling on the bed Scarlet astride him, her slender back bowed, head thrown back, her face flushed with pleasure. Nate’s hands were on her hips, lifting her up and then down, his hips snapping to meet hers.Watching them make love was like admiring a work of art. And by their moans Jared knew they were close. The tigers down stairs could wait, he was not going to interrupt something his mate’s needed. He walked over to the bed and climbed on to it, his heart beat in sync with theirs. He kissed Nathaniel’s shoulder as he pressed up against them.His left hand slid up Scarlet’s bare back, fingers dancing along a tattoo of a crescent moon inked into the skin between her shoulders, then up her neck to tangle in her hair. Fisting his hand in her chestnut locks, pulling her head back farther. His lips searing along her neck, his right hand slid down Nate’s back, over his firm ass to slide between the smooth cheeks. Two fingers pressed against the tight ring of muscle then pressed in hard and fast.Both of them cried in pleasure, Nathaniel’s movements stuttered as a growl was ripped from him as he gripped Scarlet’s hips harder, pressing bruises into her skin as his hips snapped up harder. Nate pulled her closer to him as Jared’s fingers hit his prostate unrelenting. “Fuck yes.” He snarled out, his teeth biting her lower lip as he ground against her.Scarlet’s inner walls fluttered around him before clamping down hard on him as she growled in pure bliss. She could feel Nate swell inside her as he pulsed hot and fast, spilling his seed deep inside.Jared pulled away from them, placing a soft kiss on each of their lips, his mocha colored eyes darker than normal as he breathed in their combined scents.“Why’d you leave?” Scarlet asked breathlessly.Jared moved behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulled her off Nate. He nuzzled her neck. “Stevens and Fabien are here. I think something’s wrong.”She hummed in pleasure, her body relaxed in the best way. Her heart beating in time with Nate’s, for a brief moment her eyes glowed. Her head laid back on Jared’s shoulder, her legs still loosely wrapped around Nathaniel’s waist. Nate’s hands were rubbing her legs gently, slowly working his hands upwards until they came to a rest against her flat stomach.Nate spread his fingers out feeling the small life that was growing inside her. He grinned when Jared’s hands fit over his, their fingers lacing together. He lifted his head looking at Scarlet and Jared, his head tilted, eyes warm. “A girl.” He whispered.Jared tensed at Nathaniel’s whispered words. He looked at Nate.“How…?” Scarlet trailed off in confusion as she looked at Nate through lowered eyelids.Nate shook his head, “I don’t know.” He shrugged. “It just feels like it, not sure.”Jared kissed Scar’s shoulder. “Well we’ll have to come back to this. We have guests waiting.” ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Abby walked out of the living room, two empty soda cans in her hands, she was in the middle of watching some show on autopsies and needed more stuff to drink. She was wearing a double layer camisole in black and purple with black short shorts. Her braids were pulled up into a crazy ponytail, one lone pink braid was left out of the pony, hanging in her face so that she could suck on the end of it. She came to a dead stop at the two half-naked men standing in the kitchen. “Who the fuck are you?” she asked rudely.Fabien raised an eyebrow at the surly question, a smirk on his face. “Is that how one greats a guest?” he snarked back as he leaned back against the table. His shoulders showed off a well defined and muscled chest, his arms were behind him, hands flat on the table. It showed off his arms and chest to its best advantage. His smooth stomach made everyone envious. The sweat pants rode low on his hips and clung to his legs like a second skin.Stevens stood in front and slightly to the side, his back to his mate as he looked at the young girl. Stevens was in the same physical condition, with only one slight difference. There were raised brands over his heart in the shape of claw marks, it was meant to look as if a feline shifter had clawed his heart out.She stood frozen as she took in the brand on his chest. She knew what that mark meant. ~He’s marked. How the fuck is he here?~ she thought to herself, before shaking her head, her braids shaking around her head and hitting her shoulders. “With that mark, there is no fucking way, you’re guests.” She snapped, anger flowing through her voice. She slowly moved away from them and towards the recycle bin to drop the cans in as well as be surreptitiously closer to the drawer with the knives in them.Stevens froze in place. How could he have forgotten the brands on his chest? He had spent too much time around people who knew him and understood what it really meant for it to be on his chest. He was shaken out of his thoughts by a vicious snarl. He had just enough time to grab a hold of his mate, seconds before Fabien jumped at the girl. One arm wrapped around his mate’s waist as his other hand gripped his arm. Holding his mate tight to his chest, not letting him go. Fabien was one coiled spring ready to rip the girl into small bloody strips.Abby pulled a blade from the drawer she had opened at the same time as she dropped the cans in the bin. She had every intention of cutting these freaks if either one of them came at her. She didn’t grow up on the streets and not pick up a few things to defend herself or what to steer clear of. Her hand was wrapped securely around the handle of the knife, as she quickly debated on the effectiveness of who to attack first, when she felt a warm grip wrap around her whole body.“Enough.” Scarlet growled out the word like a whip, ice blue eyes glaring like frosty daggers at each person in the kitchen. Jared and Nathaniel stood behind her two steps up on the stairs, as she walked down the stairs, her attention on the three in the kitchen. She wore a black Disney shirt that had Grumpy on it, it was also tight enough that you could tell she was not wearing a bra underneath. She was also wearing black leggings that had to be a second layer of skin. Her feet were bare, and you really couldn’t miss the large hickey on the side of her neck, her hair also looked to have been finger combed hurriedly.Abby blushed horribly and for the first time ever she was glad she had such dark skin that you couldn’t tell. She lowered her eyes to the floor, “Sorry, Alpha.” She whispered her hand still wrapped around the handle of the blade.Scarlet walked slowly through the kitchen, her eyes transfixed for several moments on the brand before she turned her eyes on Abby. She walked past the tigers without a second thought for them as she walked over to Abby. Confidant enough in herself that if the tigers tried anything she would be able to stop them.Abby held herself still, as Scarlet gently took the knife out of her hand and put it back in the drawer. Her face forward but eyes still downcast, her heart beating a mile a minute as her mind just raced with questions and horrible possible answers. She didn’t want to believe that her Alpha would harbor one that was touched. But she was new to the full Pack so one never knew.Scarlet tapped the young girls chin with a single slim finger to get her attention. Once obsidian eyes met ice blue ones, she smiled. “If the brand were black then I would let you do as you please.” She spoke softly, “But the brand blends into his skin. Do you know the meaning?” Scarlet asked, sounding as if she were in front of a class in a suit, instead of almost naked by shifters.Abby barely shook her head no.Scarlet smiled softly, “The mark in general means he was chosen. He bares the brand of Gaia and the Weaver. Black would mean the Wyrm and the Furies.” She ran gentle fingers down the girl’s face, “Now while they are under my roof they are guests. So mind your manners.” Scarlet replied in gentle rebuke and turned towards Stevens and Fabien. She bit the inside of her cheek when Abby silently crept away from her and practically flew up the stairs, the sound of a door closing reached her ears. Scarlet was under no delusion that Abby was really in the guestroom. One did not grow up on the streets as Abby had and completely ignore a huge possible chance to snoop, to learn more. She just shook her head and went to the coffee maker to make herself a pot of coffee.She used the time it took to brew her coffee, to think. Scarlet had somewhat of an idea of why they were here, she might not like it, but there were many things in life that she didn’t like. When it finished brewing, she poured herself a cup, she breathed slowly as she stirred the creamer and sugar in the coffee. By the time she turned around the tigers were sitting at the kitchen table with Jared and Nathaniel. “So, tell me what’s what?” she asked after she took a sip of coffee, watching them closely over the rim of her cup.Stevens looked mildly uncomfortable as she stared at him, he took a breath to steady himself and as he slowly let it out, his eyes locked on hers. “About fifteen minutes ago, I felt a presence that I have felt a handful of times while in the employ of Coventry. I must admit though that I have never felt it this strongly before.” He told her, not once letting his gaze waver. Scarlet inwardly grinned, he’d be a wonderful right hand man if he didn’t already belong to a pack and she didn’t already have a few herself. He was brave and strong, and so very handsome.She raised an eyebrow in question, her head tilted to the side, not once breaking eye contact. “Explain?” her voice soft and quiet, there was power in that one word. She used that power to help steady her nerves as her hand tightened on the coffee cup.“Old, dark and slick. My mark burned as the feeling rolled over and through me.” Stevens stated.Scarlet let her eyes fall closed as her mind ran wildly. “Shit.” She whispered. ~Walking a path that will eat you alive, Khaja. You would see us all dead with your deeds.~ she thought as her mind ran over anything and everything she knew about his mark and what magic, Khaja cast that eve. It was blood magic, she knew. It was something he had always favored, right up there with his penchant for sex magic. The younger the body to fuck, the more potent the magic was. Years of keeping her cool kept her from flying out the door and attacking the crazed feline.Four pairs of eyes stared at her. “What is it?” Nathaniel asked.“It seems that Khaja is getting wildly dangerous.” She said softly, putting her coffee cup down on the table.“How so?” Fabien asked, speaking up for the first time. His forehead creased in a frown as he looked between Scarlet and his mate. “I was always under the impression that Coventry was already dangerous?”Scarlet grinned widely at Fabien. “I like you.” She said, “Yes, Khaja has always been dangerous, but the magic he used earlier today was reckless. It caught the attention of something we don’t have a hope in Hell of defeating. It would just rip right through us.”“Scar…” Jared trailed off softly almost on a gasp, as his eyes lost focus.Scarlet sucked in a sharp breath and was at Jared’s side in seconds, her heart in her throat as his eyes rolled up into his head and he would have slumped to the floor, if she and Nathaniel hadn’t grabbed him. Nate’s eyes were cloudy with worry as their eyes met over Jared’s head.“What’s wrong?” Nate asked trying not to let the worry bleed into his voice as he took all of Jared’s weight, he slid out of his seat and hefted Jared into his arms and stood.“Living room,” Scarlet said so softly, you had to strain to hear her. She hovered around Nate as they walked out of the kitchen and into the living room, where Nate gently laid Jared down on one of the long sectionals.“Jay, you need to go on a diet.” Nathaniel murmured as he sat down on the edge of the couch, his hand on Jared’s thigh as he looked up at Scarlet. “What’s going on, Scar?”Her hand trembled as she reached out and grasped Nathaniel’s bicep and tugged him off the couch and away from Jared. Nate frowned at her, “Scar…” he trailed off as Shadows pulled away from the walls and crawled along the floor, and wispy smoky fingers danced around their legs before pulling away and seemed to roll over and around Jared. Scarlet held her breath hoping that they wouldn’t take him, only to sigh aloud as Jared disappeared.“What the hell just happened, Scarlet?” Nathaniel demanded, his eyes flicking back and forth from the empty couch and Scarlet. His face was a mixture of conflicting emotions. Anger, fear, confusion and shock.“He was called.” She said her voice a mix of shock and awe, and if you knew what to listen for, fear as well.“What?” Nate looked at her in confusion.She lifted her head and looked at her mate, “Luna called him.” She whispered.~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Shadows danced along the ground, spinning, twirling and rolling around trees, fallen logs and small shrubs. Twisting in and out of light, Shadows danced. It played, moved and breathed here within the realm of Shadows, Mother Luna’s world. Once many centuries ago, the realm was beautiful in its shadowy elegance, but now the once beautiful realm was a sick, slimy, twisted version of what it once was.Once beautiful and majestic, buildings that had stood the test of the Gods were now nothing more than moldering ruins, falling into broken dusty bits that floated along the air to fade into nothingness. Long ago you could hear the beautiful sound of wolf song, sing through the night air. You could still hear the howls but they were no longer beautiful songs, now they were harsh, twisted and cruel. Wolves tainted by the Wyrm were now twisted corrupted, vile things that roamed the realm freely, for Luna could not bear the thought of killing one of her children. No matter how much they might wish for death.Pale light flickered in and out of the trees along what was once a beautifully paved road, now the road was cracked with roots of trees breaking through. Twisting vines that crawled along the ground grew in the cracks, uprooting the road. The trees along the road were at one point trimmed back, but were now no longer held back. In a sick twisted way, Nature reclaimed what was once beautiful and made it dark.Along the once paved road, darker Shadows moved like smoke and fog along the path, until it came upon a stone structure. It was once a huge temple with many smaller buildings surrounding it. Those smaller buildings were nothing more than broken jagged heaps covered in earth and vegetation, steps and walls could be made out, but otherwise they were no longer buildings. The main building of the temple was all that was left, though it to suffered. Vines, moss and other flora grew along the walls and into the cracks, widening them until a wall would collapse under the weight.The Shadows crawled and rolled through the skeletal ruins of the temple until it reached its destination. A single building hidden within the ruins, the Shadows stopped at the doorway of the small building and gathered together. Climbing upwards, like lemmings climbing over each other. As they grew, they began to take shape, to form. The eerie cry of an owl pierced the air and the Shadows blew apart, scattered like ghosts.Jared knew long before he opened his eyes that he was within Luna’s realm. He tried very hard not to fight the Shadows as they took him from his mate’s and brought him here. It was a very rare thing for Luna to summon him here. He had walked the Shadow realm for centuries, moving within the realm as if he owned it. And in a way, he did. Luna gave him that right by placing her mark upon his flesh for all to see, if one wished to look. The crescent moon that had been branded into his skin so very long ago, burned hot and bright under his shirt.He opened his eyes when the sound of feathers beating the air surrounded him. He turned his head in the direction of the noise and saw a Great Horned Owl perched on a twisted branch. The owl ruffled its feathers as it gazed at him with bright orange eyes. Jared nodded his head at the owl, “Still alive I see.” He commented to the owl.The owl glared at him. *Still in one piece, I see* the owl said with as much condemnation in its tone. The owl always made Jared think of a very stuffy British Lord that was judging you for just breathing.A twist of his lips in a small smile, Jared walked pasted the owl. He did not enter the building the Shadows brought him to, that was nothing more than an illusion. There was a small barely there pathway that started from the owls post and twisted through dark and dense trees. It literally went on for miles, stepping over fallen trees, bending down to keep from knocking his head on low hanging branches. All along the side of the pathway, there were bones. Bones of owls, mice, wolves, cats and all other manner of life. Some of the bones were so old they had either turned into stone or had become dust.One would think that this path was leading one to their eternal rest; it was a very effective deterrent. Furies would smell death and refuse to follow the path. As he walked, the owl flew above him, keeping pace with him.*Your mate, how is she?* the owl asked as he tilted sideways to glide perfectly between two trees.Jared didn’t look at the owl, “Since I was last called, I have gained a second mate. Scarlet and I have claimed and marked an Omega.” He said as he squeezed through a set of branches that grew up and down, leaving a very small space between to pass.The owl was silent for several minutes as he landed on a branch, hopped to another before taking flight again. *An Omega, I should not be surprised. But I am.* the owl replied.Jared grinned at the old owl. “Yes, you shouldn’t be. I do aim to surprise.” He murmured as both he and the owl finally came to the end of the path. A small out cropping of tress gathered in a small circle, but their tops were bowed inward to hide this small sanctuary from prying eyes and unwanted attention. A medium sized stone house lay nestled in the trees, light flicked from inside the house. Jared waited for the owl to land on the windowsill, the owl spoke softly with the inhabitant before he bobbed his head, swiveled around looked at Jared then took to the air, vanishing into the dark forest. He walked towards the house when the wooden door opened and in the flickering light of the fire, Jared could see Liam, Sister Gaia’s male form standing there.“Jared.” Liam spoke softly, “Come.” He stepped away from the door, waving his hand to indicate that Jared precede him.Jared nodded his head offering a small smile he stepped inside. His smile vanished as he saw Luna laying upon a bed that was up against a far wall. “What happened?” he asked as he moved quickly over to her side and promptly sat down on the side of the bed, his hand hovered over her.Luna lay on her side, her back to the wall. Her skin was normally a creamy porcelain and her hair a beautiful silver white, that always looked like silk. Now though, her skin was wane and waxy, her hair dull and lifeless, there were dark shadows under her ice white eyes. One hand lay under a cheek as the other lay across the bed as if she had been holding a hand. Her breathing was shallow but deep as she slept.Jared slowly lowered his hand to lightly graze a pale cheek. Her eyes moved under the lids but did not open. He breathed slowly as he took everything in and then looked up at Liam, who was now sitting at a small table. “What happened?” Jared asked again voice still hushed.Liam leaned forward, his elbows on his knees as he looked at Luna. “It has been many a century since I came here.” He spoke softly there was a small barely there tremble, “I stopped coming here as I truly am long before that. Luna has chosen to come to me instead.” He turned his head his gaze landing on Jared. “She never wanted me to see what our children had done to her world and what it was doing to her as well.”Jared suppressed a shiver as he saw pure fury in the Gods eyes. Liam exhaled sharply as his gaze turned toward Luna again. “We were to meet in the mortal world. She never showed, I returned to mine hoping she was there instead. She was not. Falcon led me to her, and I brought her here.”“What is it you need from me?” Jared asked, not hiding his shock. For the first time ever, it was Liam/Gaia who had summoned him and not Luna.

Abby slowly backed away from the stairs, her mind in one hell of a whirl at what she had just over heard and bumped into another body, one much larger and firmer than her own lithe one. Before she turned, she expected to see one of the men and froze, then scowled when she saw the fiery red head. Lexie just stood there with a small smile on her face, trying to look all kinds of friendly. She didn’t think, half an ear still on down stairs she put both of her hands on Lexie’s wide generous chest and pushed. ~Fucking Christ this bitch is huge~ she thought as Lexie finally started to move backwards.“Wha…?” Lexie tried to say only to have Abby slap a hand over her mouth. Abby looked around the tall mountain that was Lexie and pushed her into the closest open room, which turned out to be Tien’s room.When Abby was inside the room, she closed the door as softly as she could without making a sound. She rested up against it as she looked at her Pack mates. Lexie was dressed in a black Pink Floyd shirt and loose black sweat pants, her feet were bare, her hair was braided in a messy French braid. Tien was sitting in one of his camo beanbag chairs, a gray God of War t-shirt and board shorts on; he still had shoes on his feet. He had a controller in his hand, and his game paused as he looked between Lexie and her.“What’s up?” he asked.Abby rolled her eyes at him then looked at Lexie, “What kind of family do you come from? ‘Cause seriously, your dad is a fucking douche bag.”Lexie tensed up as she looked at Abby. Her first reaction to the girls words, were to deny them, but she couldn’t since they were true. “Yes, my father is and much more.” She said softly, her emerald eyes watching her suddenly looking far more ancient and weary. “Why are you bringing this up?”Abby snorted at the question. “There are two tigers downstairs that said your dad did something today that was serious dark magic. Now I didn’t hear everything, ‘cause something happened and Jared disappeared.” Abby paused as she saw the shock register on both of their faces. “Scarlet said something about him being called.” She frowned. “What does that mean? Called by who?” she asked. If there was one thing Abby hated, it was being confused and at this moment, she was confused beyond anything. First, there was the tiger with the brand that apparently was okay, because the mark wasn’t black. Second was that whatever it was that happened to Jared was important, and she wanted to know why.“Mother Luna.” Tien said from his beanbag, his eyes on Abby, though he was very conscious of Lexie and the way she instantly zeroed in on him.Abby looked at him, her forehead creased. “Luna? What about her? Isn’t she like some kind of myth?”Lexie and Tien looked at her in complete and utter shock. Their eyes wide and mouths open, made them look like fish out of water, like trying to catch flies or something.“What?” she snapped, her arms folded in front of her and across her chest, defensively.Tien and Lexie shared a look before turning it on Abby, a whole conversation was had with just eyes. “You seriously believe that Luna is nothing more than a myth?” Tien asked her, he was trying hard not to laugh. He was pretty sure he was doing well.Abby scowled at them both, she knew when she was being made fun of. “Don’t…” she warned a silent growl in her tone.Tien held his hands up, “Chill, alright. It’s just a little shocking is all.”Lexie moved away from Abby and sat down on Tien’s bed, her head was tilted a little downward, her forehead creased in thought. “You believe that Luna and Gaia are myth, but you can believe without question that you can shift, change your body from one form to another without an issue.” Lexie said softly, her tone questioning.Abby’s hands gripped her arms tighter to herself. “Look just answer the fucking question already, I don’t have to explain anything.” She finally snapped.“Mother Luna and Gaia are very much real. They are Gods that have given us life, there are different beliefs about them and why we are here. But the main consensus is that we are here to protect and contain the humans from the Wyrm.” Lexie said. She spoke in a calm even tone that she had used when speaking to the class when she was in college.The young girl looked at the red head, she was breathing slowly to keep herself calm and not give away how out of her depth she really felt. “So, when Scarlet said Jared was called that meant what exactly?” Abby asked slowly.Tien gave Abby a small smile. “There are different types of marks. The claw print is Gaia, the slashing claw is Furies and the Wyrm. The crescent moon is Luna.” Tien paused, his face scrunched up in thought. “Well any moon is Luna’s actually. They are like the marks we get when we go through our rites.” He stood up and pulled his shirt over his head, but not off. He showed them his back, there on his right shoulder was a perfectly shaped half moon. “Both of my parents have crescent moons. I don’t fully understand why I would have a half moon, but whatever.” He pulled his shirt back on. “Now the tricky part is how to tell if the mark is given by Luna. Most wolf shifters never ever feel the brush of Luna, but there are a select few that not only feel her touch but also live at her beck and call.”During his explanation, Abby had dropped her arms and was watching and listening to him intently. Normally Tien would have felt uncomfortable with the attention, but well he would only admit it to himself and maybe Lexie sometime, but he couldn’t help it. He found Abby an interesting study in motion. She was so far outside his normal radius that it just surprised him that he found himself attracted to her. She was brash, rude, and had an ego the size of the moon. She was also very intelligent and she rarely made snap judgments without having all the data.  ~Gods mom and dad’s would freak if they knew. The piercings and attitude alone~ he thought to himself as he watched her.Lexie bite back a smile, she didn’t need Tien to tell her that he was sweet on Abby, even though she found the girl a little harsh. “My Father always said there was power in the marks.” Lexie broke in. “He has a black brand on his hip, I didn’t know until now what he really meant by that or why whenever I was near him sometimes I would always feel this buzzing and itchy feeling.”“Anyone who has some level of magic can feel the power in the mark. Those that are magic null, like Nate, can only feel warmth. Like someone had put a heating pad on it and had just taken it away.” Tien said steering the conversation away from Lexie’s father.Abby rubbed the inside of her wrist absently before turning it over for them to see. On the inside of her right wrist was a beautiful full moon. She normally wore a leather wristband to cover it, she always felt almost abnormal about it. No one she knew or had ever met had a full moon.Tien blinked at it then looked up and met her eyes with a shy smile. “That explains soo much.” He said.Abby and Lexie both frowned at him in confusion. “What?” they said in unison. Hearing the dual sound, the girls looked at each other in a little shock and surprise before they looked back at Tien.He laughed at them, grinning madly. “Full moons are true fighters. It so explains your attitude and rudeness.” He replied as if that explained it all. This only left them more confused, since Lexie had not been through her rites, while Abby had but was still very much undereducated. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*A spotted hyena moved along the ground at an astonishingly fast pace. The sun had set only an hour ago, it moved along the shadows of the buildings and parked vehicles. Its nose to the ground as it tracked a scent. The smell of blood in the air was making its heart beat fast in anticipation, and need. It rounded a building and paused. There in the middle of the road on the outskirts of the town was its quarry. A half-breed, half tiger, half mountain lion. The hyena dropped to the ground as it watched the half-breed clean some of its many wounds. It slowly inched closer to its prey, heart beat steady as a drum as it crawled closer still.The half-breed paused in licking its torn side and lifted its head to look around. Its amber eyes glowed fury as it peered into the shadows, its rounded ears forward as it waited. It knew something was in the shadows, but what, it didn’t know.The hyena couldn’t wait, its prey was already assured. It would have this kill now. And quick as lightning it shot out of the shadows, a loud high laugh pierced the air.The half-breed was waiting for it, and before the hyena could react a massive paw with razor sharp claws flashed out and slashed across the hyena’s face, sending the animal rolling away along the road. *I am not that easy of prey, Rocks.* Kyota snarled.Rocks rolled to his feet, paws firmly planted as he shook his head, sending blood flying everywhere. *Oh but you are. You’re mine, half-breed.* he said with a laugh.*Wrong.* Kyota replied and before the hyena could do anything, the half-breed turned suddenly and jumped through a small tear that had just appeared. Rocks sprinted fast across the road and leapt at the tear, only to land on the sidewalk. The tear had closed. Rocks looked at where the tear had been and snarled, teeth bared in complete rage. His green yellow eyes flashed fire at being denied his prey.A tiger walked slowly up the road towards the hyena. The tiger blended well in the shadows, its orange and black strips were thick and long, there was very little white. Its golden orange eyes locked on the hyena.*Got away.* Rocks snarled.The tiger sniffed the air where the tear had been. *He had help. I do not smell his magic here.* Richards murmured.Rocks looked at his partner, lips pulling away from his teeth in an evil wicked grin. *Who?*The tiger looked at the hyena, *I do not know,* was all he said before turning away from his partner and walking back the way he had come. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Kyota landed, with no grace what so ever, on the other side of the tear into Gaia’s realm. The sun was a goldenrod color as it sparkled and glowed through trees and beautiful multi-colored flowers. The grass was a brilliant green that seemed to sparkle in a pearlescent sheen whenever the sun shined off it. He looked around him to make sure there was nothing that was going to pop out of the shadows and attack him. His body was sore and he was still bleeding. With a heavy sigh, he slowly moved along a gorgeous green path, the tears on his body pulled and reopened to bleed slowly.His mind was one big roiling mass of anger and deep throbbing pain. Anger at himself for being so blind. Blind fury and hatred at his own father for having him bound and gagged while he watched as Khaja took his son from him, Kyota was by no means an idiot; He knew when his father stepped into his home for the first time ever that Khaja was there for his son. Kyota fought Rocks and Richard, both the tiger and hyena tore into him as he tried but failed to stop them. His son was still taken, screaming and crying for his father to help him, as he lay broken and bleeding on the bloody carpet. He cried tears of loss and heartbreak as he felt his son’s life drain away, until there was nothing left.*Khaja and mother will pay for this. So help me, they will pay.* he promised himself and his baby boy as he limped slowly along the path. His eyes flickered from plant to plant, and his ears twitched at every sound, no matter how minute it was. He did not open the seam and he was not too sure if he wanted to find out who had, but he knew he would need to know- if only to say thank you and ask why. As he made his way along the path, a scent caught his attention, lifting his muzzle painfully he gently sniffed the wind. He looked around slowly and spotted up on a small ridge off in the distance a pale gray wolf with bright blue eyes. The eyes seemed to glow eerily as it watched him make his way along the path. Even from the distance between them, Kyota could feel power pulse off the gray wolf, but no malice or ill will, just curiosity. He did wonder what a blue-eyed one was doing within Gaia’s realm, since blue eyes were a mark and trait of Luna’s children.As he walked, he noticed that the path was taking him towards the wolf. A shiver rippled along his body as he made that realization. It was not because he was afraid, for there were very few things in life that truly scared Kyota. It was the power that rolled off the blue-eyed one that made him shiver. He knew on some level that it was not Gaia up on the hill, for Gaia only ever took the form of a feline, a different one every time, but feline none the less. So the identity and presence of the wolf was a mystery to him. Kyota’s tail swayed back and forth giving away how agitated he was as he slowly and painfully made his way towards the lone wolf. Never once taking his eyes off it. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Krilen stepped away from the hillside as the half-breed slowly walked closer. He looked over his shoulder at Tevin, who was reclining in the sun as sprites danced to and fro around his mate. Tevin lifted his head up to look at his mate, laughter clear in his yellow golden eyes; he rolled to his feet at the nod from Krilen. The sprites flittered around him as he moved towards Krilen. They were blessing the wolf and weaving protections around the unborn pup that grew within.Tevin stepped up to Krilen and head butted his mate in the shoulder. *I have to get back.* he said softly, *when can I expect you to return?*Krilen rubbed his head against his mates, his black nose rubbing through thick fur. *Before nightfall. I have a few ideas on how best to protect Lexis as well as to guard the grottos from Coventry.* he replied and licked Tevin’s muzzle before stepping away. Tevin snorted with a shake of his head and turned around to gently step into the seam that appeared behind him, with a flick of his tail, Tevin was gone.Krilen’s tail swished behind him as he bounded off and away down the hillside with the intention of meeting the half-breed. Scarlet’s warning of caution still ringing in his head as he moved along the ground like a gray plume of smoke. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Jared placed the small earthen cup upon the table, his gaze no matter how hard he tried not to, always seemed to trail back to Luna curled up on the bed. A thick heavy blanket was wrapped around and under her, so that what little heat she had would stay with her. Liam had left not too long ago after explaining some things to him. It didn’t make him feel any better that the God felt Jared was capable of taking care of Luna while she was in this state. He wouldn’t hesitate to tell Liam or even Scarlet that his heart was beating much too fast to be calm and at rest.Luna rolled out of her curl and onto her back suddenly. Jared saw the movement out of the corner of his eye as he was kneeling on the floor, brushing her hair out of her face. ~too pale~ he thought, as her eyelids flickered up, white blue eyes darted around the room before landing on Jared. Her mouth opened and closed several times, before her eyes fell closed and her body seemed to sag in on itself, and then he heard it. It was as soft as a whisper on the breeze.“Alexis…” she breathed, sounding close to death. As if it took everything, she had to get that one word out.Jared stared at Luna, in shock, as the Goddess fell unconscious. He stood up and walked swiftly to the door, not too sure, what he was going to do, but damned if he was going to do nothing. Just as his hand reached out to open the door, it was already swinging open. Liam stood there in dirty and bloody leather pants, and white tunic. Liam’s light brown eyes blinked at Jared. “What has happened?” he asked.“She said Alexis.” Jared replied.Liam gently brushed Jared aside as he moved quickly to Luna. He placed one knee on the bed as both arms slid under her thin frame to lift her up. “Go and get the girl. The central grotto.” He said as Luna’s head rested against Liam’s shoulder. Jared looked at Liam holding Luna and felt a sense of awe as he saw the fierce protectiveness in Liam’s gaze. As Jared watched, he was granted a privilege that few had ever seen. The God held the frail Goddess in his arms, his lips moving as he whispered words of love into her ear as Liam held Luna close as green and brown magic wrapped around the two protectively and just as suddenly as it happened, they were gone.Jared breathed two deep inhales then exhaled slowly. He needed to steady himself before he turned on his heel and sprinted out the door. He knew better than to sprint through this part of the Shadow realm but there was no help for it, so he ran head long along the path, ducking and weaving through the trees.  As he ran, he could feel the oppressing hunger of the twisted realm push against him as he moved swiftly along the path. If he slowed down for even a second they would know what was at the end of the path, and that would not be good at all.He threw himself off the path and into the small clearing near the twisted owl post. Psychotic howls sounded through the air as he pushed himself up off the ground, he exhaled to calm himself. As the howls grew closer, he stepped away from the path. With each step he took, Shadows rolled and crawled around his feet before slowly climbing up his legs. By the time two Furies came crashing into the small clearing, Jared was gone and no trace of him could be found.

Jared stepped out of Shadows and jogged up the driveway of the house, barely pausing to keep the front door from banging against the wall as he breezed into the house. Scarlet and Nathaniel frowned at him from the kitchen table. “Where the hell have you been?” Scarlet asked him as she stood from her chair.Jared ignored her question as he paused in the middle of the hallway. His eyes falling closed as he breathed deep, extending his senses, searching. His eyes snapped open suddenly as he found what he was looking for and took the stairs two at a time then sprinted down the hallway of the second floor.Walking quickly to Tien’s room, he pushed the door open and paused in the doorway. Tien and Lexie were sharing a beanbag while Abby was in the other beanbag. The three of them were playing some war game. There were empty cans of soda around their feet as well as empty candy wrappers. Jared shook himself, walked into the room, reaching down he grabbed Lexie’s arm pulling her from her sprawl and to her feet.Lexie cried out in surprise, “What?” she said eyes wide as she looked at Jared. “What’s wrong?” she asked as he pulled her from the room. She instantly thought she had done something wrong and she was going to be in trouble, years of her father finding her somewhere in the penthouse and doing the same. Years of abuse, scaring her and making her forget that the hand that held her arm tightly wasn’t bruising, nor was it painful. Just firm and commanding. She was blanking out that Jared would never hurt her, it wasn’t the Pack way.“Dad?” Tien asked confused and worried at the same time as Jared pulled Lexie up.“We have to go.” Is all he told her as he pulled her from the room and down the stairs. His grip on her bicep tightened marginally when he felt Lexie try to pull herself out of his grip. Tien and Abby dropped their controllers and scrambled after them, just as confused as Lexie.Lexie stopped fighting him, “Where are we going? Jared, please talk to me?” she asked quietly as they made it down the stairs. He didn’t answer her, there wasn’t time. He just tried to communicate with one look the importance of the situation and not to ask questions.“Jared, what the hell?” Scarlet snapped as they came down the stairs. Nathaniel stood behind her a hand at the small of her back, ready to comfort or hold her back.“Grotto. Now.” Was all Jared said as he went out the back doors, Lexie in tow.Scarlet froze for two heartbeats before she moved into action. She was across the kitchen to the phone before Nate even registered that his Alpha had moved. The phone pressed to her ear as Nate, Tien, and Abby looked at her. “Follow him.” She told the younger members of her Pack as she looked at them. “Call them all to the Central grotto.” She said looking away from them and into the phone when the line was picked up and then hung it up just as suddenly.“Scar…” Nathaniel trailed off as he looked at his mate. If he thought she was pale before, she might as well be see through now with all the color that had just washed out of her face. Her blue eyes locked with his tawny ones as she moved across the kitchen and into his arms. “What’s going on, baby?” he whispered softly into her hair.“I don’t know, but whatever it is Lexie is the focus of it.” She said into his chest, she rested there for a few moments before pulling away. “We need to go.”

Liam appeared within the central grotto in a flash of bright green, blue and white lightning. As the light cleared Liam walked towards the stone alter, Luna still in his arms. She was such a lightweight within his arms that he feared for his life as well as hers. For they were tied together in all ways and if Luna were to pass into the arms of the Weaver so to would he.He breathed a little raggedly, already feeling her weakness she couldn’t keep from him any longer, as he placed Luna upon the alter. Her head rolling away from him, as he gently took the blanket away. The gown she wore was a pale purple and at one point it would have accentuated her coloring and frame but now it just hung on her like she were nothing more than a limp puppet with its strings cut. He brushed the silver white hair away from Luna’s face, his eyes taking in every detail of her hollow bruised appearance. A branch snapped behind him as his fingers trailed down her arm.He looked over his shoulder and saw Jared standing twenty feet away with Lexie held in his grip.Lexie gasped as she saw who was standing there, she couldn’t see who was on the stone table, but she would never forget the man who had made her one night out in college worthwhile. She was confused, but that didn’t stop her from trying to pull away from Jared. He may have been her Beta, but his grip on her arm was tight and she had a bad feeling about all of this. As her fear escalated so too did her power, it began making the fine hairs on Jared’s arms rise as it escaped the control of the pendant hidden under her shirt.Liam moved around the table, putting it between him and the girl. His light brown eyes flicked from Lexie to Scarlet who glided into the grotto silent as the wind. Jared let Lexie go as Scarlet passed them. She moved to the foot of the stone alter her hand hovered over Luna. “Oh!” she gasped in shocked horror and her eyes snapped to Liam.“Yes, I know.” He whispered, his eyes sad as he looked at her, then they flickered over to Lexis.Scarlet looked at Lexie. She ignored the rest of her Pack as they trickled into the clearing. Each of them confused and worried, afraid they were in danger. When they saw, one by one, Jared, Scar, Lexie and two beings at the epicenter of it all, they began to spread out and create a circle. Their own skin crawling, each of them ready to shift in an instant. Nathaniel was silently telling them where they needed to be just as Jared let Lexie go. Tien and Abby were next to each other several feet away from the second pathway. They didn’t know what was going on, they both shared the same look of confusion and fear. Devon stood next to Tien, with Bastion on the other side of Abby. Each member of the Pack was placed several feet from each other but in a small circle around the clearing.Abby hit Tien as she saw pale light glowing on the marble floor. He looked at her and then followed her finger, runes glowed so very faintly that one could quite literally not see them. They seemed to form a spiral circle that wrapped around the clearing with the alter within the middle of the spiral. “No idea.” He whispered to her as they both kept an eye on what was happening around them.Lexie just stood there in wonder and fear, her forehead creased into a frown as fear began to slowly eat at her stomach. She had a very bad feeling about the look on Scarlet’s face. “No.” she whispered. There was so much fear and terror in that one word. Just looking at Scarlet with that look on her face, and every memory Lexie had of her father standing there with a scowl on his face as she failed to do something he thought was very important. Sasha stood inside the circle, Eric holding her back as she watched her daughter and the overwhelming fear take her over. She knew it was what had been done to her. Sasha seethed with fury Khaja would pay for this. She looked to her heart’s sister as she spoke.“Yes.” Scarlet said. Her tone firm and demanding, she moved quickly over to Lexie and looked her in the eye. Reading the fear clear in the bright emerald eyes, “You are the only one who can help. You are bound to Luna in ways that no one can explain.” Scarlet said as she took Lexie’s hand and pulled her to the stone alter and Luna. Not once letting the girl go, the wolf looked at Liam, “You cannot stay here for this.”Liam’s light brown eyes stared hard into ice blue eyes. He was a solid wall of muscle, and you could tell he wished to argue but with an exhale of breathe he nodded his head and then in a flash of green light he was gone. With the God gone, something snapped in Lexie and she wrenched herself out of Scarlet’s grasp.“No.” Lexie said, “no…” she trailed off and before Scarlet or Jared could react, Lexie turned and fled the grotto, much faster than any of them had ever seen her move. It was too much for her, whatever they wanted her to do she was sure she would mess it up and the woman on the alter would be the one to pay for her mistake.“Lex!” Tien called after and went to follow, only to have Devon grab his shoulder. Tien looked at the lynx then at his mother. “What the hell is going on?” he snapped.

Lexie could hear them calling her name behind her as she just ran, it didn’t matter where she ran, she just had to get away, to hide. Legs and knees pumping with speed she’d never reached before, as she flew around trees and leapt over fallen trees. It couldn’t be true, there was no way that she could be the one to help. It was not her. They were wrong. They had to be! Lexie ran blindly through the trees, she truly had no idea where she was running or where she was planning on hiding. Everything was crashing through her mind, it was all one whorl of conflicting thoughts and feelings. Her heart was beating a mile a minute within her chest.She ran past a small cropping of willows that hid a small cave that she saw from the corner of her eye. She turned on her heel, ran for the cave, and then just dived into the darkness. Clawing her way to the back of the small den, pulling herself up against the back, legs pressed tight to her chest, arms wrapped around them as her head fell onto her knees. She squeezed her eyes closed as tears welled up in her eyes and then fell as her breathing became harsh and ragged.It was just too much…

“Shit!” Scarlet exclaimed as Lexie disappeared from sight. “Fuck.” She whispered as she literally disappeared from her senses, it was as if the girl had never set foot within the grotto or on the property. Scarlet stepped flush with the stone table and laid her hands upon Luna. Her eyes falling closed as a pale light glowed from her hands to slowly wrap around the Goddess, blocking out the cries of unanswered questions from her Pack.“Scar…?” Jared asked softly from over her shoulder.“Find her. I don’t care what you have to do, you find her or so help me, I will kill her myself.” Scarlet said, anger vibrating in her words and through her body as she did everything within her power to keep a Goddess alive.“What the hell is going on?” Abby snapped out, her eyes flicking between Jared and Scarlet. Trying to figure out what the hell was going on, she could feel the power radiating off of the shade of a woman that was on the alter.Jared blinked at Scarlet and felt the anger wash over and through him. He ignored Abby’s question as he turned his head and pinned Matthew in place. Matthew tilted his head and then grinned, “No problem.” He said with a wicked smile, he pulled his shirt off and toed off his shoes, just as his pants hit the ground his body began to shift. He shook out his mane as he and Eric ran out of the grotto, their paws hitting the ground with such force that those closest to them when they passed, could feel the ground tremble.Jared looked at everyone that was gathered there, “Where is Jessica?” he asked when his gaze landed on Bastion.Bastion kept his face open but blank as he looked at his Beta. “She didn’t answer when I called.” He replied softly, “Tevin is safely with Andrew, he said that Kyota was where we expected him to be and the boys are ready to go with Sasha.”With a heavy exhale of breath, Jared looked over at Scarlet. He knew without being told that she could not keep up what she was doing for much longer. The longer she fed magic into Luna the weaker she became as well as Khaja feeling it and being able to track it back to the alter. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Khaja froze in mid thrust, as a wave of pure untainted elemental power washed over him. His eyes went unfocused and he shivered in want, he shook his head and locked his gaze on Richard. He arched his back, pulling himself partway out before slamming back in hard. Richard gave a wicked grin as he wrapped his legs around Khaja’s waist to pull the older man into him deeper as one of his hands reached up to wrap around his neck and pulled him down for a deep probing kiss.“Fan, hardare.”(1) Richard whispered against Khaja’s lips, his Swedish accent thickening as his prostate was hit hard.Khaja smirked, lips trailing along Richards jaw to bite almost playfully behind his right ear. “Tell me.” He ordered with a flick of his tongue along the shell of the ear, not once did he stop moving as he fucked into the man below him. If he believed in it, he would think that he was actually making love to Richard.Richard threw his head back exposing his throat to Khaja as he cried out in pleasure. “Jag ar din.” (2) He growled out, his hand fisted in the silky black hair. Khaja growled and bit down on the exposed throat as he came hard inside his lover. He purred as he felt the hot splash of cum hitting his stomach and chest, he pressed Richard into the bed harder, spreading the mess between them.“Mine.” Khaja purred into Richard’s skin.“Ja.” (3) Richard said as he pulled Khaja away from his throat, they shared a kiss before Khaja slowly pulled himself out of him. “I felt it.” Richard said in English, “We are more than ready to leave.”“Do so.” Khaja replied. He ran his fingers through the short red hair as he stood from the bed and walked naked into the bathroom.

Richard pulled his shirt over his head as he padded bare foot from the bedroom. Rocks was laying spread out on the couch reading a book in German, he used his finger as a bookmark as he frowned at Richard. He was used to them being preoccupied all night, it was almost unheard of for Khaja and Richard being done before midnight.“What happened?” Rocks asked, despite the harsh tone, he was worried that his partner had just fucked up.Richard almost laughed at the worry he could see in Rocks’ eyes. “Serious magic was used. Both Khaja and I felt it. We have a go.”Rocks rolled to his feet, a bounce in his steps as he followed Richard out of the penthouse. Just the idea that there might be bloodshed had him excited like a five year old on Christmas morning.Swedish translations:

Fan, harder.- Fuck, harderJag ar din- I am yours

 ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

A woman with long wavy desert brown hair, with small white flowers threaded through out, and her eyes were the color of a newborn fawn. Beautiful creamy tan skin glowed with an internal light that matched her white dress. She paced back and forth in front of the bridge between her father’s realm and her mother’s. Sabine rarely if ever spent any time within the realm of the Gods, she preferred the Fairy realms.“Well?” a beautifully dark husky voice asked.Sabine looked over her shoulder and saw a woman with long flowing hair the color of black leather, eyes the color of electricity and such pale skin, she could give her mother a run for her money, sitting on a rock. A long pale black and blue dress was draped around her shoulders and her figure. “Nothing.” She said, her arms folded across her chest in worry, her long fingers of her left hand played with a gold and silver jeweled circlet that was wrapped around her right bicep.Kia looked at her sister. They shared different versions of parents but the blood was still the same. Sabine was as different as one could get, while Kia was more apt to cause chaos and as much damage as possible. Unlike her sister, Kia truly loved the mortal world. It had many wonders that were there for her to do as she pleased. Kia was about to leave in annoyance, when Liam appeared at the far end of the bridge. She stood and moved towards her sister, grabbing Sabine’s arm, turning her towards their parent.“Oh…” Sabine trailed off, her eyes tracked him as he walked slowly towards them. “Do you…?”“Yes, I feel it.” Kia guessed what her sister was going to ask. She let go of her sister and walked briskly towards her father. She could feel the tether between her parents pulse and snap as if it were about to break. This was not something either one of them had ever felt would happen. If her mother’s tether were to snap, then the two realms would cave in upon themselves.This was the reason the Weaver locked its sibling away from all the realms. The realms must always be protected. Kia and Sabine understood why their parents created the shifters and why they chose specific shifters to protect the grotto’s for each grotto lead to a different realm. If one wished to travel the Ways all one needed was to find the right grotto and know the way to open the Ways.“Father?” Kia questioned as she saw the pain and fear in his eyes. Stepping up to him, she pushed herself into her father, her arms wrapping around his waist. Her eyes squeezed shut as his arms wrapped around her waist; the contact passed his fear and pain to his daughter.Liam dropped his head down into the crock of Kia’s neck. Out of all of the children he had with Luna, Kia stood as tall as he, she also happened to be his favorite as well. He wished the Weaver had not bestowed the ability upon Kia to feel the feelings of others with just one touch. He would never wish for her to ever feel the pain he was in at this moment. If he were to transform he was under no delusion that he would be nothing more than a ball of emotions. It felt as if his very heart were breaking in two. They had drawn their first breathes as one, they had done everything together. From their first steps, their first touch of magic to giving themselves to each other before anyone else.Sabine stood at the end of the bridge, watching Kia and Liam. She never really felt comfortable interacting with her mother while she was in male form. She never hid how she felt about it, not to her mother and not to her sister. Out of all of them, she was the only one that did not change form. Sabine felt that it was a lie to take a form she was not born into, so she always presented herself as a woman.Liam and Kia pulled apart and walked the rest of the way off the bridge and back into the realm, which was his. As he stepped off the bridge and onto beautiful green grass, he lifted a hand and cupped Sabine’s cheek. She truly was his offspring. Sabine may look like Gaia, but she was tall and willowy like Garret. Luna preferred her male form to always be tall, willowy and feminine though still obviously male. As Liam stepped further into his realm, magic rose from the ground to swirl and spin around him, with each step that was taken Liam began to disappear and Gaia began to return.In a matter of moments, Gaia stood several feet away from the bridge. She turned back towards her children, sadness etched into her face. “I have been remiss in my duty.” She said as a butterfly landed gracefully on her shoulder. “I should never have taken Luna at her word for as long as I have.” Gaia fingered the butterfly allowing it to flitter to her fingers. “Luna’s realm has fallen to the Furies. It is no longer a beautiful world, but filled with horrible evil, vile things. I knew our tainted children would carve a price, but this was not one of those things that I ever believed that it would ask for.”Sabine and Kia both looked at her. Sabine’s face was a cloud of confusion, while Kia did not look surprised at her words. Gaia looked at her child, “You knew?” she demanded of Kia.Kia stood her ground at the anger that was thrown at her. “I knew.” She admitted to Gaia. Kia’s blue white eyes narrowed on Gaia, “But I always thought you knew? I believed you chose to ignore the price it demanded, for I knew that even though there are no new children that it did not mean you both had stopped seeing each other.”Gaia sighed deeply. “You fully believe that I would have done nothing, if I had known? I am sorry. I am at fault for this, not you. If either of us were thinking clearly at the time, we should have created a realm just for them.”Sabine looked at her mother in confusion. “Why did you not think of that?”Kia raised an eyebrow at her sister, shock clear on her face. “Are you truly that naive?” she asked not unkindly. “My mother was carrying Effie. It was also during the time that word had reached us that Beriadan had fallen in battle. Mother was emotionally wrought.”Gaia and Sabine looked at Kia. Sabine looked lost and confused for that was not a name she had ever heard. Gaia froze at the name she had not heard spoken aloud in such a long time, “Luna had forbidden me to ever say that name, and you, her own child say it now?” Gaia questioned the sanity of her child.Kia smiled sadly at Gaia. “I understand why you do not like the name, or who he was to my mother. However, I was not blind to how much my mother loved him. She bore him three children.” Kia stepped away from Gaia; she did not want to chance being touched. “She loves him still to this day. If it were within my mother’s power, she would have made a completely new realm for the tainted.”Gaia closed her eyes at the truth of Kia’s words. “I knew. I have always known how much Luna loved him.” She lifted her hand up, palm out towards Kia, the butterfly within her palm. “My heart broke for my sister when his body was brought to us. I never got to give Luna the gift I had made for her.” The butterfly flittered off her hand and became a beautiful white dove.“What?” Kia asked, “You blessed each one of them? What other gift did you wish to give her?” as she moved her head smoothly away from the dove as it took flight to soar the lavender sky.The Goddess walked slowly towards Kia. “Elves only live for so long, they are not eternal. Famire, Emris and Effie will live as long as any Demi-God but I was going to grant Beriadan the same life span as Luna.”Kia gaped at Gaia in shock, her eyes wide, blinking almost dumbly. “Wow…that’s…” she trailed off as she looked over her shoulder back towards the bridge and what lay beyond. “Things would be so different.” She murmured to herself as she could see dark shadows at the other end of the bridge. Furies were always trying to breach the barrier, one day they would, sooner rather than later if Khaja Coventry was not stopped. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Both lions stood for a brief moment at the edge of the grotto, both taking deep breaths as they tried to catch Lexie’s scent.  Once they had her scent, they were off, flying fast across the ground.Eric and Matthew ran with speed and power out of the grotto. Their manes rippling with the wind as they flew across the ground, to someone else it would look as if their paws were not touching the ground. Matthew rarely had the chance to run with Eric, so it surprised him a little when he picked up waves of worry, fear, anger and love rolling off the larger male.Matthew would never have guessed that all that emotion lay within the other male. He knew Eric had to feel, since well one did not react the way he did if he didn’t feel anything for said person.  Matthew flicked his tail trying to disperse the feelings and thoughts he was picking up from Eric as they ran. His job was to find Lexie and make sure neither Lexie nor Eric acted on the bond that was forming. The tie with Luna needed to be cut before that could happen, or things would be very bad for all involved. Matt huffed a small breath of air as he kept pace with the other lion and realized that Eric didn’t really know everything that Matthew did within the pack. ~this is going to be fun~ Matt thought as he filtered out Eric’s worry.They came to a sudden stop as Lexie’s scent disappeared. Both lions paced in circles as they tried to pick up her scent again. What felt like hours was only a few moments when they both came to the realization that they were not going to find her scent, that they would need to find Lexie through other means.Matthew watched, as Eric seemed to wear a hole into the ground as more frantic need pulsed off him.*You need to calm down.* Matthew stated his voice calm and even, despite the overwhelming urge to bare his throat to the larger lion.Eric rumbled a wordless growl at the younger and much smaller lion. His eyes scanned the area trying to see any signs that Lexie might have left in her mad dash to flee. Eric paced around Matthew as he tried to put everything together. He knew that his worry for Lexie was clouding his mind just a little, it was one of the reasons Scarlet had sent Matthew with him. He would also hazard a guess that she also sent Matthew to keep him in check with Lexie. Eric understood that his Alpha would be angry on a previous level of pure fury that had yet to be seen. He understood that he was forming a bond with Lexie, one that if he was not careful could cause problems for both of them. Lexie was Scarlet’s acting daughter and his Alpha would vent her considerable anger at him, though Eric didn’t believe that Matthew stood a chance in hell of stopping him if something happened to Lexie.He took a deep breath, his eyes closed as he slowly let it out in a slow exhale. As his heart slowed down to a steady smooth beat, he could feel this pulse that was tied to him, wrapped around him as if it were warm silk. He touched on the pulse and a wave of fear washing over him. Eric slowly followed the pulse, not knowing that as he followed the ribbon of pain that he was actually walking and not just standing there.Matthew tilted his head as he watched Eric slowly walk away, as he watched, the older lion began to prance for a few paces and then with no warning at all, he was off like a shot. Dust, dirt and grass went flying as Eric’s paws dug into the ground as he followed the pulse. Matthew blinked through the debris, and with a heavy sigh he took off after the older lion.

Lexie sobbed hard. Heavy deep shuddering cries that shook her whole body. She cried so hard and heavy that as she started to calm down, her magic settled down around her. Her breathing became slow even breaths, as she was willing herself to calm down all the way a voice whispered softly to her.*Alexis* a soft barely there whisper softly caressed her. It was a gentle loving touch; there was power and a great well of sadness that rippled along the caress.Liquid emerald eyes blinked in confusion, as they adjusted to the darkness around her. Her forehead creased as she peered into the dark shadows trying to find who had spoken to her. After a few moments, Lexie’s heart began to beat faster with the realization that there was no one in the small cave with her.*Alexis* the voice called again, though this time it sounded smaller, weaker, like it was coming from someone on their death bed.Lexie pushed herself further back into the wall, her hands gripping her knees, eyes wide. “Who’s there?” she called, voice firm but a noticeable tremor of fear underlined the words. She tried to keep it together but she could feel that pulse lying under her skin thump and quiver as it felt her fear and was drawing itself to react.*Please* the voice whispered.She snapped her eyes closed, squeezing them hard as if to force the world to disappear as the plea rolled around in her head, Lexie knew who was calling to her. “I’m no one.” She whispered back, tears filling her eyes to slowly spill down her cheeks.A soft barely there hand ghosted over her head, it was a motherly touch, one filled with such love and tenderness that it had Lexie wrapping her arms around her legs and hold onto them like her life depended on it. There was a fleeting memory from before the fire of a touch just like that, and it made her ache with want.*Oh, dear one, you are special in ways you cannot imagine. You, who I need most, more than I need my other children. Such a honor.* the voice ghosted over her head, as a kiss was pressed to her forehead. *Please?* the voice asked again, but this last time there was a finality to the question. For the presence was gone, as if it had never been there at all. A hollow feeling was left in its wake, that more than anything scared her, that not just a person would rely on her but a God. Her father’s voice began to seep into her mind, telling her that she was worthless and that she would fail, resulting in people getting hurt or dead.  She was falling farther into a spiral of fear that she never heard the commotion at the entrance of the cave.Magic swirled around the cave suddenly with the force of a small hurricane. Dirt, rocks and leaves flew around the small space, buffeting the stone walls and ceiling. Magic pulsed like a sudden heartbeat within the cave. If one could see past the mundane then one could see the magic pulse. Dark greens, purples, and blues danced around Lexie and the cave. Eric could not see the magic that was building within the cave but he knew that she was still too unstable for there not to be any magic within the small space. He inch along the ground as he crawled closer to her, not too sure if the magic would recognize him or not.He pushed his massive head against her knees, pushing her hands away and forcing her to look him in the eyes. With a small hic-upping sob she threw her arms around his neck and pulled him closer to her as her tears soaked his mane. Eric began to purr, a low soothing rumble as his forelegs wrapped around her waist and tugged her to his feline form. She squeezed him tighter and buried her face further in his mane that smelled of wood smoke, thunder, and leaves. Lexie felt his gigantic paws begin to need at her lower back gently. She only sobbed harder, content in knowing he wouldn’t let anything happen to her. Several moments passed before there was a small questioning roar from the entrance of the cave. Magic pulsed as it buffeted Matthew who sat in the small opening seeminingly without a care. The magic upset almost, at the massive lion and woman being disturbed.Eric looked closer at Matthew, his eyes narrowed upon the smaller lion. Who if he were honest had a small smirk on his feline face.*What? Did you think I was just a hacker?* Matthew said calmly to Eric before he turned his attention to Lexie. *I understand that everything is new and terrifying, but we don’t have time for this. Luna left you tethered to her and only you have the power heal her.*Lexie stared at Matthew in shock. “How can you be sure?” she asked so very softly. A hand buried deeply in the long hairs of Eric’s mane.Matt sneezed when a small funnel of dirt whipped passed him, ruffling his mane. *Your magic. It’s thick with the power of Shadows, I have only ever felt this power from our Alpha.* he said. He watched her closely and then suddenly he was out of the cave. He was gone long enough for them to wonder what was happening when he was suddenly back inside the cave.*We truly need to go. There isn’t much time, Luna’s tether on this world is thinning as we speak.* Matthew said suddenly voice full of need.Lexie took a deep breath before she pulled away from Eric and crawled towards Matthew and the exit of the cave. Eric gave a small rumble of worry before he too followed behind her. Once the three of them were out of the cave, thunder rumbled and lightning flashed across the sky as the heavens opened up and began pouring rain down. Lexie looked up at the sky, rain soaking her hair and clothing, before she nodded, “Okay, let’s go.” She said strongly and then began running in the direction of the weak and barely there tether that was throbbing within her, telling her she needed to hurry. Without even realizing it, her knees began almost touching her chest as she picked up speed and propelled herself forward. The two lions, one massive ad one smaller on either side, followed.

Scarlet climbed up onto the stone table, hands glowing pure healing light. Her hair flying around her in loose waves, as if it had a mind of its own, the red in her hair seaming to stand out like blood and pulse like it were a heartbeat. Her blue eyes glowed as she tapped into the power of the grotto and into her own well of power. She knew that if Lexie did not return soon then there was no way that she could save Luna. Scarlet did not have the power needed to heal the damage done, the damage that had been chipping away at the Goddess for untold many years. “Please, you need to hold on Mother. You must fight.” She said in a fierce whisper.Nathaniel stood at the foot of the alter, as Jared tried to keep the Pack calm and explain to them what was going on. Nate didn’t even act like any of this was new or a surprise to him. He had been mated to both Scarlet and Jared for several years and like Jared, Nathaniel had a job as Omega to his Alpha. He kept Scarlet’s thoughts and emotions centered and calm, kept her focused and if he thought she needed it, he could push her into a feral hunting drive. The Council may have control of the Omegas as a whole, but they did not have full total control of them nor did the Council know all of an Omegas power. An Alpha may be the leader of a pack, but when mated to an Omega it always fell to the Omega to keep the calm of the whole pack. Packs with a mated Omega seemed to live longer and at peace with humans that lived all around them. He knew the true extent of what would happen here if Lexie did not return the power that had been gifted to her. He breathed slowly to keep his heart from beating faster, if Luna died this night then so too would Scarlet. He shoved that thought away as the sound of thunder rumbled through the grotto. Making the pack jump, for it had been silent save for the tense whispering around the alter. His eyes roamed through the grotto landing briefly on each member of the pack that was present as he hoped against hope that the thunder meant Lexie was returning.

Matthew stepped into the grotto, his bare feet padding silently along the ground as he quickly assessed the situation within the clearing. He sent a silent nod toward Nathaniel as he walked naked towards his mate, who stood with his shirt and pants in his hands. He gave him a warm smile as he shook out his wet hair. He was just stepping into his jeans as Eric and Lexie walked into the grotto hand in hand.Nathaniel and Jared both raised an eyebrow at the clasped hands but said nothing. Nate held his hand up towards Scarlet, he could feel her anger and fear rolling around inside her. He kept his eyes on Lexie as he turned his head only slightly, “Don’t stop.” He said softly.Jared moved towards Lexie and rumbled a snarl when Eric moved in front of Lexie to block him from her. Lexie placed her hand on his arm as she nudged him away detangling their hands. With a small smile, she walked towards Jared. “I’m sorry.” She whispered to the tall man, who without even knowing it had become the father she’d always wanted in the short time she’d known him. He always made her feel calm and safe.Jared’s left hand came up to squeeze her shoulder. “No need to be sorry. I know better than most how intimidating this all is. What you can do now, is pull it together and step up.” He told her softly for only her to hear.They walked towards the stone alter together, Lexie tried hard to keep her shaking at bay as the stone steps rose from the ground, she never felt Jared remove his hand as she slowly walked up the steps. Nathaniel smiled encouragingly at her as she knelt down next to Luna on the other side from Scarlet. Her hands rested palms up on her knees, her hair dripped water onto the table as she looked at the fading Luna. “I don’t know what to do.” Lexie whispered so very softly.Scarlet latched onto the calming emotions that Nathaniel was practically throwing at her when Lexie walked into the grotto. She shoved her fear and anger down and reached over Luna and gently took one of Lexie’s hands in hers. “You feel that pulse inside of you, the one that is throbbing like its hot?” Scarlet said as she brought their hands to rest over Luna’s heart. “Reach into that place and just let it go.”Lexie’s hand twitched as her hand made contact with the Goddess, it was like touching a live wire, and a deep snap inside her seemed to pulse and claw at her center. With a deep breath she did as Scarlet told her and let the pulse of power inside her go.The power inside her slammed out of her with a rush, lights danced behind her closed eyes as red power began to pour out of her in waves. Waves of green and purple magic flowed out of her and began to curl and seep into the silent form of Mother Luna. Without any control what so ever, her other hand came up and lay next to her other hand, more lights and sparks began pouring from her hands.

 ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*A sleek private jet landed smoothly upon the black runway. It came to a slow crawl as it taxied off the main drag and rolled towards a black Audi that was parked waiting for the jet. As it came to a stop two crew members in blue coveralls ran around the plane and made sure that it was secure and okay for debarking as stairs were wheeled to the door of the plane. A hiss came from the plane as it decompressed and the door opened.Rocks stood in the doorway, his gaze flickering over the surrounding area as rain slowly fell to the ground. A sharp smirk appeared on his face as his eyes fell upon the car. The driver’s side opened and a black stiletto boot touched the ground almost delicately as its twin touched the ground as well. Rocks raised an eyebrow as Jessica came out of the car, her blond hair beautifully curled around her head. She was dressed in a form fitting white dress as she hung up the phone. She waved towards the black SUV that was waiting, as it came to a stop behind her car she looked at Rocks waiting for him to descend the plane.Rocks smirk grew wider and a hint of fang was shown as he made no move to do as she commanded.“Fine.” She whispered and walked around the car to the passenger side and opened the door. She quickly stepped away from the car, suppressing a shiver.A tall etherthrally beautiful woman with long sleek black hair, with strands of red that was braided throughout the mane of locks as it tumbled down a long sleek back. She was dressed all in black that showcased her pale skin. Black leather pants clung to strong sleek legs, ties ran up the sides of the pants to stop at the hips. She wore a black leather top that was tide in the front, that only laced two eyelets above the massive breasts that almost seemed to be bursting out of the leather. A long black chain hung around her neck and was attached to a blood red jewel that lay nestled between her breasts. A long fingered hand came up to play with the jewel as a sickeningly sweet laugh bubbled through the air.Jessica held her gaze steady, knowing that she could not show any sign of weakness in front of this woman or she would be dead where she stood.Perfect porcelain features graced the woman’s face, full natural blood red lips curled in a seductive smile, high cheek bones that looked as sharp as razors. Her nose was beautifully shaped to fit her face that it blended well to make the almond shaped eyes more cat like. Amber eyes gleamed with an inner light and were fanned by full plump lashes. The woman smiled wider at the scent of fear wafted off the woman before her, the smile turned predatory with a hint of fang as she looked at the smaller woman and held out her hand towards her. When Jessica met her eyes she felt like she was falling into a pit of darkness, where her every thought was of terror. She could see her death in those eyes as a light passed over them, Jessica blinked and the image was gone.Jessica took the offered hand and the light rain that was gently falling seemed to be blocked by an invisible shield. With a slight nod she led the woman away from the car and towards the plane.“You should control your fear, child, or you might find yourself dead.” The woman said in a soft sharp deadly voice loud enough for only Jessica to hear.Jessica nodded her head as they stopped at the foot of the stairs. Rocks was already on the ground as Richards stood in the doorway, Jessica could see Khaja speaking to him. She did not miss the small brush of Khaja’s hand down Richards side as he stepped around his guard and slowly made his way down the stairs. Khaja only had eyes for the tall woman next to Jessica and for once she was glad that it was not her that had his full attention. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Power pulsed though the grotto. It beat in time with a single steady heartbeat, though there were many within the clearing. Only one mattered. It was a steady beat, thump thump thud ump. It was a sound all knew before one could remember anything, the sound would lull one to sleep while within the warm womb. Safe, secure, protected. That is what that sound invoked within, drawing all that could hear it into a strange warm trance. Magic pulsed with the beat as it moved through and around three figures upon a stone alter. Magic the color of fire pulsed with a dancing beat, fast as a humming-bird beats its wings, it pulsed around the central grotto, rolling and spinning, it moved with a grace all its own. The magic danced outside the other magic’s’ that was flowing within the clearing. This magic was new and young, wild and fresh. It would be free if one could tame a flame of wildfire. It danced around the frozen members of the pack it curled almost lovingly around one tall sentry, it caressed him from the bottom of his feet all the way to his face where is left a gentle mark upon his cheek before it danced away to swirl around its home.Fire magic in and of itself was not rare, what was rare was that it was at home with water. It danced around the cool blue pulse as it slowly curled into the still almost silent form lying upon the stone table. Fire danced around long fingers as they lay upon a chest that only rose with the help of those hands that was the cause of the heartbeat. The sound grew as the magic curled around those hands and gave added strength to the beat. As it pulsed and beat it grew stronger, and stronger still as a second pair of hands joined the first. Fingers twining together as a light purple curled out of the second pair of hands to twine with the fire, it pulsed in a shiver as cold shadow magic curled around it and sent a strong pulse through the hands and into the body beneath it. For one heart breaking moment, the beat stopped and as the magic held itself ready and waiting it started all on its own. This beat was different from the first one. This one was a little faster, almost like a jackrabbit after a terrifying run. As the beat grew stronger in sound so too did it in strength and then there was a gasp of breath, the chest rising up, back bowing. Thunder rumbled and boomed above, sharp white lightning shot through ancient trees striking the ground, setting the black stone to smolder. Pale white hair tumbled off the alter, tumbling down to the ground like pale fingers reaching out before seeking its need as it curled around the stone legs of the table.Glowing Ice blue eyes snapped open as the ground began to shake, magic became thicker more solid as it wrapped itself around the figures. One with chestnut-brown hair and blood-red streaks pulled away, one hand left upon the clasped hands. The hand rose to the younger woman with fire-red hair that sparked as it touched, lying over the heart, ice blue eyes closed just as glowing blue met liquid green with a boom that shook the ground. As they fell into each other’s gaze, whispered words were spoken as the rolling thunder boomed overhead. As the words reached their crescendo the hand over young woman’s heart pulled away, the hand cupped inward as it moved away. Wisps of dark blue almost black magic curled in the palm of the hand, small tendrils still reaching back towards the warm home had been pulled from. It gave a weak pulse of power before the hand gently curled the fingers around it and slowly, so very slowly, it brought it to cover the resting hands above the heart of the pale one lying on the stone table. The hand pressed the magic passed the hands and into the heart below them.The one called Mother Luna cried out in pain as the magic lit a fire within her body. It ran through her, along veins, curling into a body that had slowly been dying for the better part of a millennia. The scream of pain was pure agony as it rang through the grotto, glowing blue eyes rolled up into her head, eyelids fluttered as she twitched. Old pale weathered skin, smoothed out, pulled taut and tight, pale anti-flash white skin became warm glowing ivory. Lines fading, muscles growing stronger, what was once weak and saggy was now strong and firm. Power thumped through the grotto, Luna’s cry grew hoarse as the pain spiked through her.“I can’t…” Lexie trailed off with a gasp of breath, the strain of channeling so much power inside her. The power pulsed within her; it felt like she was holding onto a live wire, that was ready to set her aflame. She couldn’t even pull her eyes away from Luna, who was convulsing upon the table. Her heart felt like it was going to beat out of her chest; it was pounding that fast and hard.“You can.” Scarlet breathed into Lexie’s ear, as she pressed her whole body flush with the younger woman. Giving her what strength she could as she helped build the pathway, keeping the magic steady as it flowed from Lexie into Luna. “Just keep your eyes on Luna. You will feel when the time is right for you to cut it.”Lexie leaned into Scarlet, borrowing strength and courage, as the magic did as it was want to do. She tried hard to keep her eyes open, she wanted to close them, but had a feeling that if she did close them then something bad would happen.  Breathing deep and even, the light that was flowing around them was becoming too bright, tears welled up in her eyes from the brightness of it all.“Now.” Scarlet breathed, “Do you feel it? That pulse that is racing just under your skin?” She asked with an undercurrent of excitement.She concentrated on what Scarlet was saying, and pushed just under the magic that was flowing through her. There just as Scar said, was a rapid beat that radiated power like the sun. “Yes…” she breathed.Scarlet smiled at the beautiful young woman before her, that she had watch grow for as long as she could have. Tears sliding down her cheeks from closed eyes, “Let that pulse go and cut it off just as that beat becomes too hot to keep in.” she instructed.Lexie was breathing harder, her chest heaving with strain. Sweat beading on her forehead, matting her hair to her face. She knew if this didn’t stop soon that she would pass out from the strain, she was beginning to hear her blood in her ears. Her vision was beginning to grow dark, her breath coming in wheezed gasps. Her liquid green eyes widened in shock as a burning flame flared brightly before her eyes and within her, without being told she snapped her eyes shut and imagined a pair of sheers and cut that flare of power inside her. Her hands burned so hot that she cried out in pain. She would have screamed in agony if Scarlet hand not wrapped one hand around both of hers and an arm around her waist and pulled her forcefully away from Luna. Pain laced up her arms from her hands, and she cried out as another set of arms wrapped around her and pulled her from Scarlet and off the alter.“Shhhh.” Jared whispered in her ear, “don’t fight me, kid.” He told her soothingly.“It hurts.” She breathed out, fighting tears.“I know. But it won’t for long.” He said, as he stood there with Lexie in his arms. He held her curled to his chest, and rocked her soothingly as Nathaniel got Scarlet on her feet. His eyes flashed over to Eric, as there was a grumbled growl from behind him. There was a pale glowing blue shield several feet around the stone alter. It had gone up seconds before Lexie had cut the tether to protect the rest of the pack. The area around the alter was clear of all life. Dirt, leaves and other things had been swept clear, there were small piles of dirt around the bottom of the shield. The black of the stone floor was bright, clean, as if someone had come in, swept, and mopped the stone to brand new freshness. He said nothing as Eric hit the shield with his fist a scowl of fear and worry on his face as he glared at Jared.A shuddery gasp came from the table, drawing all eyes to it. Luna in all her luminescent beauty shown brighter than a star. White hair glowing around her like a halo, she brought her legs under her and stood up to stand strong. Her glowing blue eyes swept the pack around her before falling on the crying Lexie held within her guards arms. Like a queen, she stepped down the stone stairs and walked towards Jared and Lexie, a small motherly smile upon her face. She came to a stop before them, placed a hand upon Lexie’s cheek, and kissed her forehead. “Thank you for all that you have given me.” She whispered against the warm skin. “Sleep.”Lexie let out a shuddering breath and then fell limp within Jared’s arms. Just like that Luna was gone and the shield fell. Eric was there next to Jared and Lexie, his hands clenching and unclenching at his sides. Jared growled at Eric as he eyed Nathaniel lifting Scarlet into his arms, then both Jared and Nate left the grotto with their precious cargo. Eric dogging his heels the whole way along the path to the house, the whole pack following behind in a silent procession, none wanted to break the spell that had fallen over the group.Jared moved through the house to Lexie’s room where he laid her gently down on her bed, brushed his hand over her face moving hair away and stepped back. Eric stood in the doorway of the room, shuffling from foot to foot, waiting. Jared sighed, “Watch her, come get me if there is any problems.” He said as his gaze was rooted on Lexie, who had become like his own daughter. “She will sleep for as long as she needs it, her body just used more power than it was prepared to use, it burned her out.” Eric moved around Jared to sit on the edge of the bed his hand hovering over Lexie’s hand.Jared placed a hand on Eric’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze before he turned and left the room. Jogging up the stairs to his mates.

Nate laid Scarlet upon their large bed. She had been fine, but half way back to the house, her breathing had become shallow and ragged. She had stumbled, which forced him to have to carry her, and he felt her heartbeat through his own chest. Worry began to roll through him, as he laid his hand a top her stomach. “We need Andrew,” he said not caring who heard him; he knew full well that a few members had followed him up the stairs. Without thinking about it, he toed off his shoes, climbed onto the bed, and curled up around his mate, placing her head in his lap as he waited for Jared and Andrew. His fingers in her hair as he waited.Jared took the stairs three at a time, eyes flicking over the den and saw Devon, Tien and Abby sitting at the edge eyes riveted on the bed. He had a passing thought to wonder where the others had gone off to but that thought was blown when he saw her. His worry shot through him like a jolt of electricity, he crossed the large room in four large bounds and was on the bed with his mates. When he laid his hand upon Scarlet he could feel how drained she truly was. He brought a hand up to cup her face, and felt how weak she was. Their bond was a living pulse between them, and in all the years they had been together, he had never seen or felt her magic this weak. Even when she had healed Tevin after the Fury attack, she had not ever been this drained. This was new for him and it scared him.“Has she said anything?” he asked Nate softly.Nathaniel shook his head no, as he watched Jared. “The moment we left the grotto she just…she just collapsed.” He murmured, his voice tightly controlled, holding in the worry that was threatening to spill over. “I sent for Andrew,” he said as he shifted on the bed and grabbed a hold of one of Jared’s hands, keeping them connected.Jared nodded just as Andrew came jogging up the stairs a small black bag slung over a shoulder. Xander and Dimitri behind him. Xander was still in feline form, he bounded over to the den, and weaved around his lynx and the two youngest wolves. Dimitri stood at the foot of the bed, his gaze on his mother, lying there looking like death warmed over. Andrew placed the bag on the bed as Jared and Nathaniel shifted around to give him access to her.“I came as fast as I could,” he said softly as he pulled out a portable ultrasound unit and jell, before turning towards Scarlet. His main priority before anything else was to make sure the fetus was okay before he did anything else. With deft fingers he lifted her shirt, poured jell on her abdomen then with the wand ran it in the jell and around her stomach. The sound of a rapid fast humming bird heartbeat filled the silent room. Jared and Nathaniel both closed their eyes and sighed as one of their fears had been lifted. “Well the fetus is how it should be. I won’t be able to really tell if there was any magical damage done until much later.” Andrew told them as he put away the machine and wiped the jell off, then pulled out a stethoscope placed it over her heart as he placed two fingers over her pulse on her neck. His eyes fell closed as he counted the beats, a smile forming as he pulled his hand away and opened his eyes. “Well here is hoping that she is just drained and asleep, her heartbeat is at rest as is her pulse. So, I say let her sleep.” He packed up his bag. “Call me if there is any problems, I have another patient to check in on.” He said and then left. Dimitri stood there for a few more moments before he nodded his head and followed his Omega.There was a small whimper from the foot of the bed, Jared turned his head and saw Tien standing there with his head up and tail wagging slowly. He smiled at his son and nodded his head. Tien jumped onto the bed, stepped softly for a wolf his size, curled up around his mother, and laid his head upon her stomach. Jared placed a comforting hand upon his sons head and just breathed. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Khaja threw his jacket on to the bed of the hotel room as he walked straight for the bar. He had felt a shift inside himself on the drive to the hotel, he had tried to center his magic, but for some reason it was a roiling coiling pulsing mess of fury. It had been many a year since he had felt this much fury and it was not because of the Fury that had followed him into the room. Pouring himself a heavy dose of brandy before he turned around and gave his full attention to the Fury.She had moved into the room, only raising a single eyebrow in question when one of his guards followed them into the room and leaned up against the door. She gave him a predatory once over, she would have touched him but from his scent she was not about to poach. The tiger was known for shredding anyone and anything that touched what was his. She eyed the room with some distaste; she truly hated the human need to fake decadence, with a sneer she sat regally down on the edge of the bed. “Explain what happened in the vehicle?” she demanded.He eyed her as he sipped his drink, “Now why should I do that?”She glared at him, eyes narrowed. “You wish my help, you will tell me.” She warned him with a fierce snarl.Khaja drained the glass and put it on the bar, eyes not once leaving the Fury sitting on his bed. “I will do no such thing. Your time has already been paid for.” He rumbled. “I would expect you to hold your end of the deal; otherwise we might have a problem Fury.”Their eyes met, power snapped and crackled through the room. She snarled, stood, with a nod to him turned, and left the room.Richards closed the door behind her and looked at his boss. “Sir?”“We attack tonight. Prepare the others.”Richards nodded and left the room quickly. Khaja paced the floor of the hotel room, anger seething through his blood. The link he had with his daughter since she was three had been severed, only one being in this universe could sever it and to know that the Goddess was walking angered him even more. The glass shattered against the wall, glass falling to the carpeted floor like falling snow. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Lexie groaned as her eyes fluttered open. Everything was blurry, her head felt like it was stuffed with cotton balls. A warm hand touched her forehead, for a brief moment she almost flung herself away from the hand but the scent of the owner pierced her cotton stuffed brain. Warm cottonwood. Eric. She breathed out a sigh as her eyes finally focused on him.He was sitting on her bed, his back against the headboard. Worry was written across his face as he looked at her, she was pale and a little warm. “How do you feel?” he asked, voice husky from lack of use. He had sat there a silent sentinel waiting for her to wake.Her hand came up and rubbed her eyes. “My head feels like it’s stuffed with cotton. What happened?” she asked groggily and tried to sit up, only to fall back as her body screamed in pure agony. “Fuck,” she swore.Eric reached over and picked up a bottle that Andrew had left, shook out two pills and then held them out to her. When she took them from him, he helped her sit up before he handed her the glass of water. “What do you remember?”She glared at him as she downed the pills, “I remember the grotto and Mother Luna…” she trailed off, “did it work?” she asked so very softly.He smiled at her as he took back the glass. “Yes.” Placing the glass on the side table, “What you feel is the power drain. Jared said that it would take some time for your magic to build back up. The tether that connected you to Mother Luna was cut.”She scooted back against the headboard as she looked at her hands. “I remember my hands felt like they were on fire. Did I burn them?” she questioned as she turned her hands around looking to see any burns.“The power you channeled yesterday had the intensity of a solar flare. The Mother healed you before she left.” He replied a soft smile on his face as he watched her. He was very glad that she was alive and in one piece, he would never be the one to tell her that she could have died. Hell he might have been the reason she would have if the shield had not snapped into place and kept him out. Eric was dreading the ass reaming that he knew he was going to get from Scarlet. The look Jared had given him when he had looked in earlier that day was enough for Eric to know he was in some serious shit with his Alphas.“Why didn’t she stay?” Lexie asked when she was satisfied that her hands looked perfect and looked over at Eric. Her eyes taking in everything, ~he does look really tired~ she thought and felt this need worm inside her to pull him down and curl up around him on her bed. She tilted her head a little to let her hair hide the blush that flashed across her cheeks.“The Mother has a whole world she needs to clean up. Furies have run rampant for many years and they need to be cleaned. Now that her power has returned, you might feel a slight shift within your magic as the Shadow Realm rights itself.” He explained as he tilted his head towards her. “I would like to take you out for dinner sometime.”She had been watching him with a little wrinkle in her brow as he explained what was happening to her. Then she stopped and shook her head as if clearing cobwebs out. “I must have cotton in my ears, what?” she asked with doe eyes. Hopeful, scared and nervous all at the same time.More slowly this time, Eric repeated himself. “Would you like to go to dinner with me sometime?” he asked her taking her smaller hand in his darker and larger one. Rubbing a path across the top of her hand, he waited for her answer.“I don’t have much money, my dad didn’t actually let me…” she began, making Eric laugh. She looked hurt and confused. “What’s so funny?” she asked him jerking her hand out of his.He cupped her cheek and smiled his dark eyes dancing. “You, you silly woman. I want to go on a date, a romantic type date. With you. To eat.”She smiled at him and blushed looking down at her lap then back up. “Sure. I would like that, very much.”Eric gave her a grin before he leaned over and kissed her. It was a soft kiss, with a promise. He might have changed the tone of the kiss had someone not cleared their throat. Eric sighed as he pulled back, his eyes meeting Lexie’s and they laughed at the absurdity of it and turned to see who interrupted them.Tien stood there, his face a little flushed from embarrassment. “Um, sorry, but the dads wanted me to see if you were up and if you wanted to eat?” he said his hands in his pockets, shuffling his feet.Lexie blushed as she leaned further back and thought about it. “I can eat.” She said just as her stomach growled loudly.Eric climbed from the bed laughing and held his hand out for her to take. Lexie took it gratefully, climbed off her bed, and went willingly.

Everyone was gathered around the kitchen table. Plates were piled high with food, the house was filled with laughter and good conversation. Lexie was sitting next to Eric on one side and Tien on the other as they regaled her with funny stories of past Pack pranks. She felt warm, safe and happy as she sat there. She was smiling so much that she was sure that her cheeks were going to be sore in the morning. Her eyes sparkled with laughter as Scarlet told them a story about Tien and Nate getting lost in the Mall of America for several hours before Nate had given in and called Scarlet to come rescue them. She learned that her brother Ze’el hated crowds and had a tendency to pay someone else to do his shopping for him. Rajnish and Dimitri also butted heads a lot when it came to decorating the house for birthdays and holidays that it was almost like world war three at their home, that even Andrew tried his hardest to make those family get together’s almost painless, but when you had two stubborn Alphas it made it difficult. Xander and Devon always went to clubs just to dance and for the comic relief of the humans at the clubs. That Krilen truly was as badass as she always thought he was just by how sneaky he was by getting Tevin to eat, even though the Omega was having mild morning sickness.With every one enjoying themselves, Lexie did notice that through it all Scarlet was still a little pale. That she was laughing and making sure everyone was eating and happy, she still had this feel to Lexie. Like she was diminished somehow, and it made Lexie wonder if it was because of what happened yesterday in the grotto. She really hoped that everything would be okay, though.The plates were empty and they were slowly clearing up their mess, when Scarlet’s hand shot out and gripped Jared’s arm in a death grip, making him hiss in sudden pain. At the sound everyone stopped and looked at them.“The wards,” Scarlet gasped eyes wide. “They’ve been breached.”“Where?” Jared asked as everyone except for Tien and Lexie flew into action. He brought his hands up and gently gripped her arms sending waves of strength through their bond. He could sense that she was going to need it.Scarlet breathed deeply, eyes falling closed as she accessed the magic. There were several pings from the wards around the property. She couldn’t quite get a clear read on how many were entering her land. However, she did not miss the surge of power as Khaja crossed into her territory. She growled low and deadly, her eyes glowed for a second. “He has furies.” She snarled as she looked up at Jared, “There are too many to tell, but there are several breaches. West and south boarder, they are making their way to the central grotto.”“Andrew, Tevin, Tien and Abby get gone.” Jared said as he stepped away from his mate, eyes falling on Krilen. “Get Bastion and Matthew, once done make sure they,” he nodded his head towards Andrew and them, “are protected.”Krilen nodded his head sharply and ran out of the house.Lexie was gripping Eric’s hand in hers tightly, her eyes caught and met Scarlet’s. “Is this it?” she asked in a whisper.Scarlet moved quickly to her and wrapped her in her arms, holding on to her tightly. “Just follow your instincts and everything will be okay.” Scarlet said into her ear. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Light rain began to fall as the sun fell past the horizon. Shadows moved along the ground, many of the shadows were indistinct some had glowing red eyes. Low growling could be heard as they crept along the ground. A large hyena and tiger walked on either side of a large tall man. He was dressed only in white flowy pants, his feet were bare, and his chest was covered with runes that had been painted onto his flesh with blood. Power radiated from him as he walked, the ground seemed to throb and tremble with each step he took. The runes on his chest pulsed in time with his heartbeat the closer he got to the house. A nasty cruel smirk crossed his face when he saw the wolf through the windows of the house. Dark magic crawled along the ground, tumbling around trees and bushes. If you listened carefully to the dark blackness, you would be able to hear quiet shrieking. Sounds bordering on nails on a chalkboard. They were however, in fact the sounds of screaming.  “Go,” he whispered to the magic. It rolled and flew, like horses from a starting gate.

A large mountain lion crept along the ground among the shadows. She kept well away from the Furies as well as the others that Khaja had brought with him. She was trying to make it to the house without anyone knowing that she had come with them. Jessica came to a stop, holding her breath as she saw a massive lion with a huge gold and black mane standing within her path. His light chartreuse eyes, she knew were looking right at her. A loud rumble vibrated through the air, setting the magic around them to snapping. *It’s not what it looks like, Bastion* she said softly, as she lowered her body to the ground in the hopes that it would be submissive enough.Bastion lowered his massive mane, eyes glued to the mountain lion before him. *It looks like a lot of things, Jessica. However, I know better* he rumbled a deep growl as she tried to inch closer to him.*Oh do you?* she questioned and then launched herself at him suddenly like a rocket.Their bodies hit each other with the sound of a thunderclap from over head. A roar sounded through the forest as they both fought hard and fast. Fur, blood and saliva flew through the air, splattering trees and the ground. As they fought, the sound of wolf howls rent the air as the Pack engaged the furies that had been creeping along the shadows.Bastion rolled the mountain lion, sending her flying into a tree several feet away. Her body hit the tree with a resounding crack. Her body hit the ground, limp. He didn’t believe it for a second. Jessica was many things, but easy to take down was not one of them. His paws pressed into the wet ground, mud seeping in between the toes as he eyed the prone lion. He felt along the Pack bond that the others had also engaged the rest of the intruders.His ears rotated with the sounds around them and was about to give that maybe Jessica was actually out when she was up and darting through the bushes within a blink of an eye. He snarled out a curse and took off after her.

Matthew rolled along the ground a fury held tightly between his jaws. Two other bodies of furies lay on the forest floor, they had been gutted like fish. Matthew was not taking any chances with leaving them potentially alive. He wrapped his large paws around the fury and sent a pulse of magic through his body and into the fury. The fury gave a high-pitched shriek as it convulsed harshly before it fell still. He shook his head back and forth, tearing the throat to shreds before he dropped the body to the floor. He shook himself as he stood, he turned his head to see if any had gotten passed him and to the house behind him. He and Bastion has split up when Krilen came crashing through their door. Matthew had chosen to make sure that the pups and carriers were secure and safe. A gray blur streaked across the ground just as a blue pulse of magic went up to encase the house. His tail twitched as he saw Tien standing in the doorway of the house holding Benton. With a nod to the boy he turned and darted through the trees.

Lexie and Eric shifted and flew out the back door. Scarlet had told them to protect a grotto. Lexie didn’t question what her Alpha had ordered but it did run through her head with some confusion. She was under the impression that there were only three grottos within the property. When she had healed Luna, images had flashed through her mind. Many of those images she had recognized from around the property, but a few of them had been so out there that she couldn’t even begin to believe that what she saw was real. Though she had to believe something since Eric was leading her east, along a path that she didn’t even know existed. She shivered as they passed through some kind of barrier that seemed to shimmer and snap along her large feline body.*Where are we going?* she asked as her paws made soft thumping sounds along the ancient wooden steps.*To a grotto that they must not ever reach.* he replied from next to her.Her eyes took in the shadows along the long wide winding staircase that lead them farther downward. She may not know of where they were going but she trusted him and so she would follow Eric wherever he lead her. The area around them was so thick with flora that one could barely see past it. Some plants and trees had grown over parts of the steps, splitting wood, as roots grew deep through the wood and into the ground below. This path had not been traveled for a very long time. Milk while light seeped meekly through the tops of the trees as massive cat paws thundered against the wood. Lexie kept close to the Lion in front of her and her ears peeled for any sound that shouldn’t be there.Eric followed a silent pulse that he knew Lexie did not feel it was a pulse that only one who had been there would feel. Scarlet had brought him to this grotto not long after Lexis was born, his Alpha had told him that one day he would need to know this grotto for it was a connection to Mother Luna and Lexie that he would need to understand in order to protect. He did not want to take Lexie there for he knew what was going to happen, however it had to happen. With each step they took the closer they got and the closer, he came to having to say good-bye.  

~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*

Scarlet slapped her hand against the wall as she ran out behind Lexie and Eric. A bloody smeared handprint left in her wake. The house gave a shuddery moan as magic that had been put into place so very long ago woke up and did its job. A pale purple glowed iridescent as it wrapped the house, sealing it up tight.Her feet bare on the ground, she shivered at the slick feeling that ran along her skin. She tried not to give into the impulse of fear that ran through her at the feel of it. Khaja was on her land and he must be stopped at all costs. “You’re dead, Khaja.” She said as she heard sounds of fighting throughout her property. The sounds fueled her anger and blood lust, by the time she rounded the house she was vibrating with suppressed rage. It coiled within her just under her skin, making her eyes glow as she finally faced Khaja. The years had not done enough to dampen her feelings at the sight of him. He still wore the same hard hated smirk on his face as when she had first met him. They were never meant to be friends and even after all these years, the very thought that he was the reason Nagota had died, burned through her like acid. Jared brushed up against her, his shoulder rubbing at her hip. He could feel the rage bubbling up inside her, could feel the magic as it roiled taunt trying its hardest to lash out. He understood what she was feeling and why, and he would do everything in his power to make sure that Khaja did not leave here tonight, alive.Khaja smirked as he watched Scarlet and her black wolf round the house. His magic and hers rolled towards each other, twining together in a sick sadistic dance as it ripped into the other magic. He held his ground as her ice blue gaze landed upon him. He had never felt fear from her or of her. She was not something that bothered him over much, just an annoyance that needed to die, and die now. His lips curled upwards in a snarl and within moments, he was running across the ground towards her, his body shifting into a massive white tiger.Tiger met wolf in a clash. No words need be spoken for there were none that either wanted to share. As they fought, Scarlet and Jared’s bodies grew bigger to match the physical strength the tiger was throwing off. Khaja roared as teeth grazed his hind leg, tearing flesh. A massive paw, claws sharp as razor blades lashed out at the white wolf in front of him, while turning his body around to crush the black wolf between its jaws. The black wolf danced out of the way of those teeth as his mate bit into exposed neck of the tiger.

They passed a tall two-story house that was falling into major disrepair. Eric’s tail flicked at the house, just as they ran under and through a small stone arch that was hidden by ivy and shadow. He came to a dead stop, angling his body to make sure Lexie did not over run him. The clearing was in complete shadows; you couldn’t not even see the sky. You could hear the rain as it hit leaves and branches but it did not drip or pour into this clearing.  The area glowed a pale blue for several very old and antiquated torches that were resting in silver black cages bolted into the trees. Far back from the entrance was an old stone building, it looked to be no more than a simple garden shed that had been forgotten and the forest had claimed as its own. There was a single window and door to the building. The door made of wood that had become stone over time, there was a heavy ring bolted into the door. Runes of pure power were etched into the door like ancient cave drawings. Eric himself had never been through the doorway, however he did know what and where that door led. His paws were silent upon the soft ground as he walked that much closer to the doorway.*Eric?* Lexie asked as she took in the clearing. She tried not to feel scared, but the magic inside her was thrumming with a pulse of excitement as if it knew where they were. The air smelled of clean ozone, a thunderstorm just passing. She stepped closer to Eric and head butted his side to get his attention.Eric tore his gaze away from the doorway and turned it towards her. He didn’t think about it as he rumbled in his chest, a warm lick across her muzzle before he rubbed his face across hers. Leaving his scent behind, he gave into the urge to mark her and just rubbed his face everywhere he could.Lexie tried to pull away, only to have teeth bite her a little with a rumbling growl. She didn’t know what the hell was going on, so she just sat there and waited. Her eyes never leaving the massive lion. *What’s wrong, Eric?* She asked worriedly and scared.He pressed his body into hers, forcing her to lie upon the soft floor. *You have to leave.* he whispered, his head pressed into her neck.She froze at his words, *What?* she asked, her voice shaken. *Why? Did I do something wrong?* So many horrible bad things just ran rampant through her mind. She couldn’t leave. Leave Scarlet, Jared and Nate, who had become in such a short time her family. Parents. Leave Eric, whom she was beginning to feel as if she might not be able to ever part with him.*No.* he said. His body shifted until he was covering her’s as if he were a blanket. *I don’t want you to go and I cannot go with you. But you must go.* he whispered. He sounded like he was fighting with himself on this.*Why?* she begged, pressing her glowing white and black striped body into his bigger tan one.He licked her face again, a purr in his chest. *Mother Luna is not done with you, love.**What?* she turned her head, their noses touching, eyes locked.*If you stay here, the magic inside you will start to unravel. Scarlet cannot teach you how to control this magic, only Luna can.* he said, his voice sad and heavy.*I don’t want to go.* she said, her voice held a tremor and she pushed herself into Eric.*You must.* he said as he cleaned her face. *I will be here waiting.*A boom rumbled overhead. Eric looked towards the shed and saw the door was open partway. He rubbed his face with hers before he pulled away and stood. He nodded towards the shed as she stood. Lexie looked between the door and Eric. Her heart beating a mile a minute.*Truly?* she asked, her eyes on him.He stepped up to her, head lowered in a slight bow. *You are mine. If I could, I would mate you now, for all to see. But there is no time.* he said eyes never leaving hers.Lexie’s heart skipped as his words sank in. She nodded her head and licked across his nose before she bounded towards the shed. The door was now fully open, a gray and purple mist was curling out of the dark blackness beyond. She had no idea where she was going or what she was stepping into but she did know one thing. Eric would be here waiting when she came home. Just before she stepped through the doorway, she turned back towards her lion. He stood tall and majestic, his body held in complete stillness as his eyes watched her.*Mine,* she said softly, her voice held a promise and then she stepped through.His claws dug into the ground as his body shook and he roared. It was as much a roar of anguish as it was to tell his Alpha that she was gone. When Lexie had stepped through the doorway, it had felt like she had taken a part of him with her. He wasn’t sure, but he did know that he would wait, even if it meant forever.

A roar sounded through the air, it rolled through the thunder like it was paper. The Pack paused for two seconds to let the roar wash over them. Scarlet and Jared snarled and launched themselves at Khaja as one, angry, furious that one of their pack was once again hurt by him. They beat at him fast and hard. Jared taking most of the physical blows while Scarlet made it a point to tear into skin and allow her magic to do as it was want to do.Blood soaked the ground.

A mountain lion darted through the archway. Four gashes seeped blood on her hind leg, her eyes flicked around the central grotto before she spied a small barely there break in the bushes. She didn’t think, she just needed to get away from Bastion. He was showing a part of himself she had never known excised. He was focused and deadly. Beyond deadly. He had torn furies apart that had been stupid enough to get between them. Jessica squeezed herself through the gap. There was a barely there path, completely over grown. Her back twinged in pain and she couldn’t hold back the purr that erupted with a flair of pain. Moving along the path a sense of safety settled over her, the fact that if she had to squeeze through the small gap than there was no way that Bastion would be able to fit his massive body through it, calmed her. Following the path until she tumbled out into a dark clearing. The ground was wet, the trees and flora were limp with rain. There were stones in varying height and width, the stones had carvings in them that had a faint glow to them. The air made her forget her pain, her steps were lighter as if the exhaustion she had been feeling was completely gone. The smell of damp earth rolled into her nose and made it itch.There was a strange circular pattern in the ground that she realized was grass under her paws. She moved closer to inspect it when something caught her eye. Looking up she saw two stone gargoyles. As she looked at them, the eyes glowed a luminescent green. She felt an over whelming urge to walk towards them.“I would not.” A voice broke the silence.Jessica shook herself and looked around for the source of the voice. A woman perched atop one of the taller stones. The woman was beautiful. Long dark hair flowed over pale gold shoulders, dressed in black leather that clung to her long willowy body like a second skin. A long deadly blade held in her left hand dripped blood, electric blue eyes pierced Jessica where she stood.“You do not belong.” The woman said. Her voice held power that rippled through the air and made Jessica’s skin ripple with fear.The mountain lion froze as the woman uncurled and leapt from the stone to the ground. She landed several feet in front of Jessica without a sound. Her face was a blank mask made of marble as she stared at the lion. Jessica couldn’t move. Not a single muscle. That gaze held her as surely, as if magic had turned her to stone.Kia grinned at the feline, a deadly smile upon her beautiful face. “You betrayed your Pack. Spilled your blood and spoke an oath upon the alter.” She said not once moving or changing the inflection in her voice. “Do you deny this?”The question held a compulsive command, Jessica tried not to answer but could not fight the power behind it. *No. I willingly betrayed them.*The demi-goddess nodded her head. “You will not leave here alive.” She said then leapt over the prone feline and landed behind the cat. Two feet away from where she had stood, now stood Bastion. “Do your duty enforcer.”Bastion wasted no time as he leapt at Jessica, who was released from the hold upon her. But it was too late. The majestic lion pressed the mountain lion into the ground, his claws digging deep into the skin and his powerful jaws wrapped around the slim neck. A hard wrench, a sudden snap and the lion shifter known as Jessica was dead.The stones burst to life as the betrayers blood was absorbed into the earth beneath the body. Bastion pulled away and stood tall before Kia, the guardian of Gaia’s doorway. The massive four story stone doorway appeared out of the rolling mist like a giant.Kia smiled grimly at the lion and nodded her head. “Return to your mate enforcer, your duty has been done.”Bastion shook himself, turned from the goddess, and left a hidden grotto. The need to find his mate strong within him as he passed through the archway opposite the massive door.Kia stood in the center of the small grotto as magic seeped from the stones and crawled towards to body. The magic wrapped around and through the shifter, concealing it until it could no longer be seen. When the magic pulled back, the body was gone.

Kia turned her head to the voice and smiled. A tall slender elf stood behind her, between the gargoyles. Long blond hair was braided into small braids around her head; liquid blue eyes sparkled with grim amusement. She was dressed in the same clothing as Kia. A beautifully carved bow was slung across her back with a full quiver of arrows.“Well?” she asked again, this time she stepped through the gateway and towards Kia.The goddess wiped off the blade and slid it into its sheath at her thigh, never once taking her eyes off the elf. She held out her hand, smiled softly when her hand was taken. Kia tightened her grip around the others hand and pulled the elf towards her. Their bodies pressed together as their lips met in a quick passionate kiss.“One down, many more to go.” Kia said against the plush lips.The elf smiled wickedly, “Good, more for me.” She said and pulled away, darting in to lay a quick kiss to smiling lips before disappearing into the shadows to hunt furies.

A Bengal tiger lay upon the ground, breathing heavy, there were several deep gashes torn into the side of said tiger. Its mate, a Siberian tiger stood over the Bengal, its body tense as its eyes moved from Fury to Fury. A snarled roar ripped out of its massive chest, as the Furies took a step towards it.Two medium sized wolves were trying their best to keep the Furies that had breached the property, away from the house. Tevin and Andrew had barricaded themselves within the house the moment the ward around the house fell. Dimitri, Rajnish and Ze’el had run to the grotto to protect it, leaving Krilen, Matthew, Fabien and Stevens to protect the house. No one was expecting the ward to fall, they should have, but they didn’t.They all heard the roar of a lion and knew that part of what had to be done was done.Matthew leaped over the back of the Siberian, his claws slashing at a black fury, nails digging into the neck and shredding the skin. He paced around the two tigers, he couldn’t leave the Siberian alone to defend his mate against the swarm of Furies that seemed to never end. Matt was growing tired, his muscles were shaking from the constant fighting and his magic was pretty weak at this point. The last spell he tried to cast fizzled out into nothing, that if it had been anyone else or time, he just might have fallen over laughing. *fuck,* he panted out, his vision a little blurry.*Don’t you dare pass out, lion* Stevens said as he dropped further onto his mate.*Trying not to* Matt replied as four more Furies came flying out of the forest. He rumbled a vicious snarl and ran towards them, hoping to head them off. He slammed head long into them just as Bastion fell upon one of them. Bastion’s jaws clamping around the throat of the fury, white fangs shredding the skin, tendons and muscle to the bone, which snapped without a fight. Both lions dropped the bodies and continued fighting the Furies.

Khaja rolled along the gravel of the driveway; he swiped out a paw towards Jared. He could see Scarlet several feet away. She was huge, her ice blue eyes glowed with pure hate and rage. The black wolf darted in again, teeth snapping. Another roll and a swipe forced Jared to fall back. All three of them were breathing heavy, adrenaline was keeping them from falling over from pure exhaustion. Blood soaked the ground that small rivers were flowing with it. Jared’s coat was so black that you could not see his wounds, but Scarlet and Khaja. You could see the tears in the skin, the blood slowly trickling down their bodies to seep into the ground.Scarlet was not letting on that she was much weaker than she truly was. She was having a very difficult job of keeping the exhaustion at bay. Her body was trembling from the exertion, her vision was blurry and she knew that if they didn’t end this now, Khaja would kill them. She had no idea what had happened to Nate, she just knew that he had made sure the tiger and hyena did not interfere.*Where is my daughter?* Khaja spoke for the first time since this whole thing had started.Scarlet snarled. Lips peeling away from white fangs, blood dripped from the teeth, eyes flashed as her body grew a few more inches. *Not your daughter* she snapped and launched herself at him. Teeth and fang met in a clash of claws. She was now almost the same size as Khaja, so that they were relatively even in size and strength. Scarlet felt her magic humming just under her skin, could feel it bubble and roil, demanding she unleash it.Khaja roared as Jared bit into one of his hind legs. Magic lashed out of the white tiger sending the black wolf flying through the air, as if he weighed nothing more than a doll. Black magic spiraled around the tiger, through the air, it snapped and slashed out. The air became thick with ozone. Lightning flashed across the sky.Blue and purple magic lashed out of Scarlet like a whip. Snapping with the sound of thunder as it met Khaja’s magic. Their magic rolled around them as their bodies hit each other hard. They were a blur of white, blood flying as skin was shredded and torn. Scarlet let her magic go, just let it out as her jaws clamped around the tigers throat. Her fangs digging deep into the skin. Khaja jerked harshly, trying to rip himself away from the jaws. As he fought the teeth, he could feel as his blood pumped out fast. The wolf had ripped the main arteries to shreds, his blood just seeping out. His eyes rolled inside his head, as she just took the blows from his paws, not once letting up. She held on as Khaja slowly grew weaker and weaker. What felt like forever was in fact only minutes, before Khaja finally stopped fighting and his body fell limp. She kept her jaws clamped around his throat for a few more minutes to be sure that Khaja was truly dead.Jared limped over to his mate and nudged her in the side. *He’s dead.* he saidScarlet let go and stepped back. Rain was falling fast and hard now. She stood there on four legs swaying with heaviness. She looked around and saw her yard littered with heads and bodies of Furies, and several of the Pack Khaja had brought with him. Nathaniel stood over the dead body of a tiger and several feet away from him was the torn and gutted body of a hyena.*What of the rest?* she asked, her voice soft.Jared shifted back to human and knelt before his mate, his hands reaching out for her just as she to shifted back into a human. “I will know more soon but let’s get you taken care of.” he said as he gathered her into his arms and stood up.Nate stood tall in all his naked glory as he watched Jared walking towards him with Scarlet in his arms. “I will see to the cleaning up of this trash.” He said softly to Jared as they passed by him.

Several hours later and the rain still continued to fall. Nathaniel had called in several favors that were owed to them. The Furies that were still alive had been flushed from the property, and the bodies had been cleaned up and removed. Every member of the two Packs had been accounted for except for Jessica, however they had been told by Bastion that he had dealt with her. Matthew was asleep in the guesthouse at Andrews; he was physically fine, except for his over exertion of magic. He would sleep for several days and Bastion would not leave his side.Scarlet had fallen unconscious minutes after shifting back into a human. Jared had paced back and forth along the floor of their bedroom as Andrew tried to figure out what was wrong with her. After healing all of her wounds, she should have woken up, but she was still asleep.Abby and Tien had minor cuts but nothing to worry about. Fabien had suffered several deep slashes from several Furies and their dark magic had seeped into his skin, making it hard for him to heal. However, Andrew had given him very good odds on surviving.Dimitri and Rajnish had been through the whole of the property before they had left through the ways to Coventry Inc to clean up the mess that would be left behind by Khaja’s death.Krilen and Tevin sat on the ground outside the derelict two-story house as they watched Eric who was still shifted. The lion sat just outside the hidden grotto to Luna’s realm. He just sat there, waiting. ~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*~~~*Lexie fought the urge to not only look back but to turn back, to latch onto Eric and never let go. Nevertheless, something told her that she had to keep walking forward. When she stepped through the doorway, darkness wrapped around her. It was a complete and total darkness, there was no light, no sound. Nothing. Her paws pressed into soft, moist ground. She had no idea where she was or what was going on, and the longer she walked the more uncomfortable she became.Her heart was a steady beat within her chest, an eternity passed with her in the darkness, when just as suddenly it was gone and she was surrounded by light and sound. It was still dark but not a total darkness she realized when her eyes adjusted. The sky was red. Red like blood. The trees were bare and in the glow from the sky made them look eerie. There was an owl with amber eyes perched on a low hanging branch watching her.*Hello Alexis Coventry,* the owl spoke his British accent more upper crust than normal.

 The End of Part One

