
    Chapter Text
    
  It was the pain he felt first when he came around to reality.

  The pain of his heart being cast into stone, so visceral and deep that no sound escaped his throat even though he wanted to scream. It erupted somewhere deep in his belly, his lungs contracting even as it spread throughout, his veins full of fire and his love seeping away.

  He wanted to sob. Wished he could, not because of the pain, oh no. He wished to cry because soon enough, he would not be able to.

  When one’s heart is made of stone, does one truly feel?

  A lone tear escapes his eye, the last remaining inside his body. For he does not know when he’ll cry again. He lets them all out, closes his eyes when he feels the rapid cooling of his heart and how it doesn’t hurt anymore.

  Closes his eyes to the weeping eyes of his grandmother, the stone-like faces of his family and the people of his kingdom.

  Closes his eyes to love.

  When he wakes up next, he does not feel, does not hurt, and most sorrowful of all- he does not love at all.

  ~

  |One|
The sea feels like freedom when Jeongguk takes a deep breath in.He feels the sun on his face, feels its warmth and the way it turns his skin golden-brown, lighter in areas where the cloth covers his arms. His nails are cracked around the ropes he holds; when he wipes the sweat on his face and around his mouth, he can taste the salt on his skin.The sea sings to his blood and bones and Jeongguk gives a shout, rejoices in her calling and feels- alive.“Oye! Can you cut down the yelling or will I have to tie that mouth of yours with a rope?”His joy is cut briefly by Yoongi’s sharp voice, soft yet clear enough to slice through even the loudest of sounds. Jeongguk grins and opens his mouth a little wider, swinging from the sails and letting his tongue out, challenging the elder. Yoongi scowls but doesn’t do much, as Jeongguk knew he wouldn’t. The man can’t be bothered to move beyond necessary and Jeongguk wonders how this scrawny, pale, cat of a man was well-renowned as one of the best adventurers in the world.“As if you would climb all the way up here to stop me,” Jeongguk crows as he climbs down; Yoongi stands at the bottom of the pole with his hands on his hips. Yoongi might be old, scrawny and sickly-looking (though very healthy) but his mind and tongue are sharper than the sharpest of knives and even Jeongguk, the brat that he is, knows better than to push the sailor around. He values his short-lived life. “You hate to physically exert yourself.”“If it involves beating your arse, I wouldn’t hesitate,” he replies in a heartbeat, before turning around. Jeongguk scampers after him into the deep of the ship, admiring it as he walks. It’s a new one, built from scratch with the best of teak wood, small but sturdy. It’s a thing of beauty. “But your family was asking for you. If I hear one more question about your whereabouts, I will ask them to transfer your wardenship to me.”“I wouldn’t mind it,” Jeongguk retorts back cheekily, stepping aside neatly so that Yoongi doesn’t swat at him. He giggles at his unimpressed expression. “What? I’m just saying. You and Seokjin aren’t any less than my parents at this point.”“Aish, you brat. Just go. I don’t want to even think of the alternative.”“I’m hurt, Yoongi, don’t you want me to be your ward? I’d be so good. I’m so strong; I could lift all that wood and meat and we could live happily ever after-”“Jeongguk.”“Fine, fine, I’m leaving. Do miss me,” Jeongguk sniffs, before lifting himself up on the railing and jumping down on the wooden bridge below, rather than take the crossing like a normal man. He hears Yoongi grumble behind about how he’s a “show-off”, followed by the giggles of the girls basking in the late afternoon sun. Jeongguk winks at them before moving ahead, preening a little in the subtle praise.He walks a few minutes before he runs down to the town dwellings of Sunsong. It is a little way off from the sea, which is why he’s not fond of it, but the rest of his life lives here and it’s a small compensation, one that he makes do with.He’s almost to the market when he feels the sudden weight fall upon him, the smell of tangerines, sage and sweat mixing together in his nostrils, a scent as familiar to him as the air he breathes. Jeongguk doesn’t turn around to acknowledge the weight because his body already knows who this person is.“One of these days you’re going to fall into the sea, become a merman and never come back to us,” Jimin says in his ears, voice high, clear and familiar, something that has spoken to him, crooned at him and yelled at him with for all his life. “Were you with Yoongi? Again?”Jeongguk shrugs. “Beats the fishing trade at any rate.”Jimin swats him up his head, and Jeongguk lets out a whine. His friend was more physically reactive than anyone ought to be, really. “It’s your family’s trade. Be more respectful of it.” Jimin gives him a side-eye and sighs. “It pays for that bratty stomach and mouth of yours, you know.”“And the drinks, don’t forget.” Jimin does not appreciate Jeongguk’s retort and swats him even harder, which leads to them scuffling all the way until he’s at his home’s doorstep.The scuffle is forgotten when a woman comes out of the house; she’s young- but the age tells on her in subtle ways, the signs of being the mother of two boys set deep into the wrinkles of her skin. The grey shines in her hair from the fading sun, framing her face like a halo. “Ah, Jeongguk. You’re home.”Jeongguk smiles as he bows to greet his mother, leaning down to hug her and kiss her on the cheek. She pats his cheek fondly and turns her attention to Jimin who is standing back respectfully. She greets him like a third son, the familiarity bleeding out.“Is there food?” Jeongguk asks, toeing off his shoes before entering, smelling fish and rice that causes his stomach to grumble.“Your favourite. Or at least, your second favourite,” she replies in that same, steady tone. “Jimin, will you stay for dinner?”“I don’t know if I should…”“Nonsense. You know you’re always welcome to partake in our family’s food. There’s enough for all of us.”Decision made, Jeongguk’s mother disappears in the kitchen. Jeongguk sets down the mats on the low-lying table on the floor, only for him and Jimin. He knows he’s late, that his father and brother have already eaten and gotten back to the last hour of work while Jeongguk was whiling away his time on Yoongi’s boat, again (as Jimin had pointed out). Jimin often eats at his house, having no family to cook for him for a long time now. He knows his mother doesn’t offer Jimin a home out of pity but out of love, yet the struggle evident on his dear friend’s face makes it clear that he feels that all too familiar guilt.Jeongguk dislikes that look. It doesn’t suit Jimin, who looks best with a smile on his face and a twinkle in his puffy eyes. Getting through to Jimin is delicate work, though, and Jeongguk’s preferred method is by making him laugh. So be it.“Admit it,” Jeongguk begins, tone light. “You were defending my family trade because the food feeds your mouth too.”Jimin looks blankly before rolling his eyes, trying to stop his lips from curling into that easy smile. “You’re a true brat, Jeon Jeongguk.”“I give you the shelter of my love, my home-”“Oh goodness-”“-and this is how you repay me? I am disappointed in you.”Jimin doesn’t miss a beat. “I think Seokjin is rubbing off on you.”Jeongguk looks at him. Jimin looks back. Then both burst into laughter, Jimin’s high peals of it distinct from Jeongguk’s cackle. Jimin pats Jeongguk’s head fondly even as he wipes tears of laughter from his face. “Yah, thank you for making me feel better.”Jeongguk only nods. Jimin is fine with affection, but Jeongguk takes his time and isn’t very vocal about it. He can only hope to show Jimin that though he doesn’t have his family anymore, doesn’t mean that Jeongguk and his family can’t be his. They have been for so long, Jimin is almost an honorary member of the Jeon family at this point.“You always have a home in me, in us. Never forget.”They dig into their bowls of fish stew and let the silence speak for the rest of it.||The day he turns nineteen and is finally of age is celebrated with much pomp, and even Jeongguk, who has not been looking forward to what comes with coming of age, is inclined to agree that as celebrations go, this was a way to go for it.“The drinks are on me tonight!” Jimin exclaims as he pushes Jeongguk into the town tavern, one of the better ones in Sunsong that they’ve agreed to visit only for occasions worth celebrating. Jeongguk hadn’t really thought his name day could be one of them. “You can have anything you want. And I won’t call you a brat- these are your special privileges.”Jeongguk grins, taking in the environment of the tavern. It is dimly lit but warm, filled with people of his region, some that he recognises and some that he thinks are travellers or visitors from other regions of Sinwang, and how every table is littered with tumblers of alcohol. “It seems I should be turning nineteen every day then.”Jimin rolls his eyes, pushing Jeongguk towards a table that is miraculously empty. It’s just the two of them, as it’s always been- neither have a dearth of friends, but both trust only each other the most. Jeongguk’s current sombre mood contributing to it. “I’m glad it isn’t, you’d drive me into debt with that callous attitude of yours.” He signals the bar lady for two tumblers of rice wine, which Jeongguk’s only had on the sly occasion, and only with Jimin.The tumblers appear; Jimin goes for his immediately, downing a big gulp of it while Jeongguk takes his time. This is his first time ordering alcohol and being legally allowed to do so, one of the many perks of being nineteen. It’s a good enough perk, overshadows all the other responsibilities that come with being of age.Jeongguk takes a gulp, shivering a little at how cold it is despite the humidity in the air, how it washes down his throat (and a little onto his tunic), and lastly, how bitter-sweet it is. He wrinkles his nose as he finishes it, smacking his lips at the bitter aftertaste. Jimin laughs at his expression and orders two more tumblers, whispering playfully to the bar lady that its Jeongguk’s nineteenth. She gives Jeongguk a fond look and pats his hair before nodding wordlessly.“It’s insane how the town people adore you when you’re so reclusive,” Jimin comments, his tone set at medium. The din of the tavern is such that silent conversations are impossible. Jeongguk only shrugs, unable to explain why exactly the town knows of him and is partial to him when he doesn’t interact with them enough, though he is polite and respectful, as he was taught to be. “What are your plans for the training period?”At this, Jeongguk frowns, making sure Jimin knows just how unimpressed he is with the question. He’s beginning to think he hates it, hates how it’s all anyone can think of in the final year of formal education, how parents and town folk talk about their children’s plans or how some begin vying for potential apprenticeships. More than that, it’s the implicit pressure he receives due to his family name and their trade; the Jeon family has been in the fishing trade for years. They’ve made quite a name for themselves through the generations, and the reputation continues. The town folk (and his family) expect Jeongguk to follow into his father’s and brother’s footsteps and join the trade as well. Who wouldn’t? It is a rich trade with promises of stability; their town isn’t bereft of ports and connections to the entire kingdom of Sinwang, as well as other countries. It is a good, logical choice.It’s also something Jeongguk desperately wants to avoid following into.“I thought this was meant to be a celebration,” Jeongguk grumbles after a moment of tense silence and the bar lady drops by with the two tumblers. “Did you have to bring up the topic?”Jimin, to his credit, doesn’t look offended. Just concerned, which Jeongguk hates, because it’s such a Jimin thing to do, to take care of him just because he happens to be two years younger. “You’ve been avoiding discussion of it for so long because you could. You now have two weeks before they come around asking you which trade you’ve picked out.” Jimin leans forward, an earnest look in his eyes. “I’m only looking out for you, Jeongguk.”Which is good. Because Jimin is right; if, in two weeks; Jeongguk doesn’t make a decision regarding his trade of choice, the Academy teachers will come by. Their town and region is a fair one out of the many the kingdom rules, with a lot more freedom than any other- his history classes have said so- but it is still expected of every citizen of age and above to be involved in a trade and contribute to the taxes that keep the town and by large, the kingdom running. There’s also the good part that there’s no hard and fast rule about choosing one’s family trade- it becomes an expected norm, but it’s not the law. Jeongguk can choose any trade he wants or is good at. This is where the first of his problems usually start- Jeongguk is exceptional at everything. His teachers at the Academy have rattled it off to many about how gifted and talented he is, which he dislikes because it has always made him feel so small in his classes. In addition to that is his father’s and brother’s expectation that he will join them in fishing, though neither have ever forced or guided him towards that. There’s a reason it’s called expected, after all, and it runs Jeongguk’s mind into a spiral if he thinks about it long enough.Tonight’s the night that he doesn’t want to reach a point to think long enough, and he tells Jimin so. “Please, let me have tonight. I’ll go back to being responsible tomorrow.”Jimin looks like he wants to prod at the whys of Jeongguk’s hesitancy and resistance, maybe use the advantage of the alcohol steadily seeping into his veins and get him to be truthful, which won’t take long because Jeongguk doesn’t like lying, especially to Jimin. But Jimin shuts his mouth and nods sharp, clinking the tumbler against Jeongguk’s.“To your nineteenth!” He sings, his voice louder than expected, and some men and women around nearby hear him, cheer for him which he returns, and then drinks deep from the cup. It is heart-warming to feel that support once, even briefly, a feature characteristic of the Sunsong people. As far as town histories go, the knowledge that has been drilled into him, Jeongguk’s aware that his town is as close to perfection as can be. There isn’t a perfect town, not at all, and his town doesn’t envision it either, but they’ve fought long and hard for the sort of freedom they have from the Sinwang crown, and they’re proud of it. This is one of the ways- supporting town members and celebrating every little occasion together. It’s probably how the town folk know him despite his reclusiveness.Around his third drink- now deep in his veins, he can feel how his mouth is like cotton and his legs seem unsteady every time he stands, he catches the eye of a girl across the tavern. Around the third drink is also where his table is suddenly crowded, his vision now interrupted by Yoongi’s scowl and Seokjin’s formidable beauty.“Jeongguk-ah!” Seokjin exclaims, wrapping him in a hug that’s warm and feels like home. Jeongguk breathes in Seokjin’s combined scent of flour, sugar and also meat, from the kitchen he owns and runs. These are the scents he has also grown up around. Next to him, Yoongi doesn’t offer a hug- just a nod, a tumbler of mead already in his hand. “Congratulations on your nineteenth name day. Come by tomorrow for the gift Yoongi and I have prepared.”“You made a gift?” Seokjin grins and Yoongi grunts, which is how Jeongguk knows it was probably Yoongi’s idea. He was always more subtly affectionate than he liked to let on. “Thank you so much, Seokjin and Yoongi. I’ll come by tomorrow.”“Don’t make it too late; I have some work on the ship,” Yoongi drawls, sipping his mead slowly. “I see the way you’re eyeing that girl over there.”Jeongguk blushes while Jimin giggles and Seokjin cackles. They’ve always liked to pick at him for how popular he is with the youth regarding some of his more…physical pursuits. How it’s been so since he was sixteen. He decides to change the topic, though Yoongi’s not wrong in his implications. “Do you need any help on the boat?”Yoongi’s mouth twitches like he knows why Jeongguk shifted topics but levels him an unimpressed look. “For once in your life, stop thinking about the boat and the sea and visit us for us.” Jeongguk cackles himself, and Yoongi shakes his head. “Brat.”This is how the night proceeds. Jabs from Yoongi and Seokjin, an embarrassing relay of his childhood tales from Jimin, who reels in any patron willing to lend an ear and soon, he is surrounded by people of the town giggling and telling their own tales of Jeongguk as a child. It is one of the traditions, to tell stories of the person turning nineteen, a nostalgic farewell to childhood and working towards trade and being an adult. Jeongguk blushes through some and laughs at others, but throughout it all, he makes eyes with the girl, who giggles and whispers towards her friends. He finishes the last of his mead- no more, or he would succumb to the effects of it- and announces his leave. Seokjin notices his attention and whistles low, winking at him while Jimin makes obscene gestures that he ignores, hoping the girl across didn’t see them.He feels quite steady when he reaches her, her friends assessing him slowly and then giggling while the girl bites her lips. Jeongguk grins, knowing that his charms lie in his smile and his eyes, which is probably how he stayed out of trouble at the Academy. The girl looks smitten already, as many do, men and women and others, and Jeongguk knows just how this night of celebration will end.He may be of age now, but he’s not a stranger to his physical endeavours. It isn’t possible to when surrounded by so much at the Academy and the town celebrations, though there are some who never engage. In their town, it is even encouraged, though he’s heard of places and cultures where it’s not.“Hello,” Jeongguk says, bowing slightly and the girl bows back. She’s leaning against the wall, small in stature but making up for it in her confident gait. Her hair is braided loosely, a feather weaved into it, some of her hair framing her pretty face. “Would you be interested in a drink?”“No asking for my name?” The girl asks, eyebrow raised. Her friends giggle all around.“I was hoping for a more private setting before we set of to know each other,” he replies easily, leaning sideways against the wall next to her. He knows the girl is attracted to him and this is just a game, and he’s good at the game but he’s not very good at patience.“You’re bold,” the girl says. She calls for a tumbler, waving her friends off. “I’ll be fine, you all can leave. I’ll come by tomorrow.” The friends giggle, some of them wiggling their eyebrows and then leaving in hushed whispers. Then it’s just him and the girl and the tumbler on the table. Both sit down and she takes a deep sip while looking into his eyes. They already seem dark and hooded.“My name is Jeongguk,” he begins, and the night takes over.||They crash into the room, breathing each other in while stumbling through the door and hitting the back of it just as fast, hastily undoing their tunics and belts.Jeongguk and the girl- her name was Akira- hadn’t engaged in the game of pretence for long. Both were mutually interested and exchanged small talk while she finished her mead, steadily leaning towards each other and neither making excuses for the lingering glances and the casual touches. They don’t hesitate when asking the bar lady for a spare room in the tavern quarters, and they don’t hesitate to initiate once they’re out of the boisterous environment and prying eyes.Akira knows what she wants and it’s a relief for someone like Jeongguk, who likes things fast and at his pace. There’s no bullshitting here, just two people drunk and wanting to have a good time. Akira pushes him towards the cot once their clothes are off, climbing on top of him and straddling him. Their breathing is hard, chests heaving and hands wanting.“I finished my apprenticeship today,” she says, which Jeongguk understands as her reason for celebration. And what she expects for a celebration. He decides he’s not above his subtle requests either.“And I turned nineteen,” he replies, grinning when she raises an eyebrow before smiling. “So we both know what we want.”She reaches for his belt and begins to undo it, removing his trousers slowly. “We do. And tomorrow you’re going to face that shit show of “what trade”, so might as well as make it worth it, hmm?”Jeongguk couldn’t agree more. When she’s done removing his pants and they’re both naked in the dim lighting of the room, he flips her around and hovers over her. She looks a little affronted at having the position taken from her. He leans down and exchanges another kiss, deep and filthy, tasting faintly of mead and raspberries. Then he grins again, knowing it’s the way to people’s hearts and pleads with his eyes.“First round’s on me.”||The sun hits his eyes first when he wakes up, groaning at the aches that he’s immediately aware of, the ones littering his hips, thighs and throat that he’s so familiar with. His mouth feels swollen and dry, like sandpaper, and he blinks away the pain of the bright light piercing into his eyes. Next to him lies Akira, barely covered with a sheet, her body a canvas of purple and red. She’s sleeping peacefully, her hair astray- Jeongguk had barely left it all night- and curled around herself. Because they’d mutually agreed not to cuddle afterwards.Jeongguk’s under no obligation to leave a note- he’s done this enough times and with partners who have the same intentions as him- but he does so anyway. No one likes to wake up to an empty, stained bed and the unwelcome smell of sex lingering about. Jeongguk doesn’t, at least, and he hastily scribbles a thank you note to Akira after he’s dressed into his tunic, which stinks, and he leaves for home where he can bathe in peace before leaving for Seokjin and Yoongi’s place.He meets the bar lady on his way down and blushes when she winks at him, having enough sense to have a hearty breakfast before even thinking of stepping out into the sun. According to the sundial kept on the mantle, it was closer to noon than morning. Jeongguk pays and sets off, itching to get out of the clothes.On his walk back home is where the thoughts catch up to him, no longer negated by mead and warm skin around him. The sun beats down on him and it’s his first day away from the strict schedule enforced by the Academy. For the next two weeks, he is somewhat a free man- though with the decisions that plague him, he hardly thinks it constitutes as being ‘free’. Jeongguk’s formal education is over and he’s been introduced to everything bit by bit- the history, the arts, the sciences as well as the more practical aspects, a little bit of every trade flourishing in Sunsong and all over Sinwang. Education is important and highly revered and made accessible to every child. Jeongguk knows he should be grateful- but his heart has never been into the monotony of it.For him, it’s always been the sea, the thrill and call of it and the waves crashing into the rocks, the smell of wood polish for the boats and the ships, the calluses left by the ropes. Jeongguk has always been enamoured by the travellers and the traders, the people who explore the seas and other cities and countries and come back with stories galore. He knows it’s not strange to want to be interested in the traveller trade, but he knows it’s unusual to be this passionate about it. Though his parents have never said anything about it, he knows how expectations work.He doesn’t know how to tell them that his heart has been set on the trade since he was twelve and first met Yoongi, and how he yearns for that taste of adventure. He doesn’t know how to tell and not hurt them, because he knows they will be, even when they have his older brother in the trade ready to carry it forward.He supposes he should thank the Gods that he’s the younger of the two and has little pressure compared to his brother. There’s also the niggling doubt at the back of his mind about the most important aspect of his dream: whether Yoongi would take him on as an apprentice or not.He leaves the worry for their meeting later, because he sure as hell will be after the elder to take him on. But for now, he needs a bath, more food and belated congratulations from his family members. The rest will come after.||He reaches Yoongi and Seokjin’s home some two hours later, the afternoon sun beginning to set in, the town in the midst of siesta. In an hour or so they’ll open shop again and start the business until the night, so Jeongguk has little time to set out his proposal.He’s not in the best of moods. His father had asked him during lunch what trade he intended to join, and his family’s gaze felt heavy as stone when he stuttered out what he wanted. To say that his father was disappointed was putting it mildly- he hadn’t objected, but he hadn’t been enthusiastic either- save his mother, but then, his mother had been firm that the trade Jeongguk chose wouldn’t change the love she held for him. But his father- he knows he’s made a cut between them, dimmed whatever they had, a tumbler of ice-cold in the warmth they had for each other. Children going against the family trade was not unheard of, but it was unexpected for people like Jeongguk who belonged to prestigious families with rich trades.So Jeongguk’s not very confident in his skills to woo Yoongi over to his side. All of this depends on Yoongi agreeing to be his master and teach him the necessary skills, which may be difficult considering that Yoongi retired from the trade entirely and focused on ship-building instead. Jeongguk’s aware there’s some painful history behind this decision, but he’s never dared asked Yoongi what it could be- he’s much too private to be encroached in that way, even with how close the two of them are. Or how much Jeongguk worships his pale arse.Jeongguk knocks at their door and is greeted with Seokjin’s cheerful smile, gathered into his arms and breathing in those scents again. He gets a whiff of fresh cinnamon-bread wafting through the air and he can see the flour crusted in Seokjin’s hands and hair. He makes his way towards the kitchen like he has so many times before, the layout as familiar as his home. He finds Yoongi in the kitchen, humming as he kneads dough for the next batch.“Cinnamon-bread on the menu today?” He asks, sitting on the chair and leaning back. Seokjin follows into the kitchen, dusting his hands to prepare fresh tea, leaning down to peck Yoongi. Jeongguk’s heart warms, always happy seeing his two adopted parents engage in rare domesticity, given how allergic Yoongi is to being freely affectionate.“Seokjin caught a fancy,” Yoongi shrugs, washing his hands and coming over. He helps Seokjin run his kitchen sometimes along with his shipping trade, being an excellent cook as well. “What’s on your mind though?”“Hmm?”“You’re in a shit mood, do talk,” Yoongi says without batting an eyelid, pulling the chair in front of Jeongguk out and settling down. Seokjin brews the tea and gets the kettle, then three cups.Jeongguk would blush but by this point of knowing someone like Yoongi, he knows that the other is no bullshit and straight to the point, which is quite refreshing for someone like Jeongguk. He doesn’t have to run circles around a problem.“It’s about the trade choice,” he begins carefully, sipping the tea and thanking Seokjin, who doesn’t say much in response as much as he listens carefully.“Can’t make up your mind?”“No, I have,” Jeongguk says, now locking eyes with Yoongi. In the same breath, as he prepares to say what he has to, he can see the realisation dawn upon Yoongi. “I want to be your apprentice.”Yoongi shakes his head hard, and Jeongguk feels his heart dip lower in his chest. “Absolutely not. You’re good at ship-building, Jeongguk-ah, but it’s not for you.”“That’s not the trade I meant and you know it.”“You have a perfectly good family trade waiting for you!” Yoongi exclaims. He still looks his usual calm self, but Jeongguk can tell he’s agitated by the pink of his cheeks. “Don’t be silly. I’ve entertained you and your requests but if you’re suggesting what I think you’re suggesting, then it’s a no.”Jeongguk’s chest feels tighter. He was expecting a rejection, but not such a hard one and certainly not from Yoongi, who was harsh towards everyone except Jeongguk. He supposes it shows on his face because Seokjin’s eyes soften. He’s been silently listening all along but leans forward now to touch Yoongi’s hand gently.“At least listen to him before rejecting him, Yoongi-yah,” Seokjin implores, nodding at Jeongguk, who just feels grateful. “He’s of age now. We have to regard him and his choices as such.”“He’s not behaving like he’s of age, Seokjin,” Yoongi hisses, and Jeongguk flinches at the tone. Yoongi turns towards him, eyes sharp and cold, none of the fondness he’s prone to receiving. “Do you know how reckless your choice is? How dangerous?”Anger licks its flames across his skin and Jeongguk rises up to the challenge presented. “I do know. I’ve always known, but this is what I want, and I hate that you’re only seeing me as a child right now.”Yoongi scoffs. “Because you are talking like one. There’s a reason people don’t take the traveller trade, Jeongguk. I’m sorry, but you aren’t thinking this through. I won’t take you as an apprentice.”Dread curls a fist around his heart. He’d anticipated it, but the rejection crushes him more than anything. Out of everyone, only Yoongi had entertained his curiosity about the seas and taught him little by little. He’d been the only one to take Jeongguk’s love seriously when everyone thought it was merely a boyish obsession.Jeongguk pushes back his chair, tea untouched, his hands curled into fists at his sides. He stalks off, taking care not to bang the door as much as he wants to, walking down the small path from their house to the starting of the docks. At this time of the afternoon, there are no people, only idle boats and ships floating in the water. It is a time he considers the most peaceful when he can stare at the sea and watch the sun dip further and further.He sits at the docks, feet dangling over the water below. For a moment, he wishes he could disappear- simply jump and become a merman like Jimin keeps joking about. Embrace the sea so fully that no one would take it away from him, or tell him to make saner choices. How can he, when the ocean and the world beyond has always felt saner than the town behind him? He loves Sunsong; it’s a marvellous town with a rich history and even better people. He loves the people and the festivals, the warmth and culture of hard work and efficiency that runs the town smoothly, the nights when the town singers perform songs of history and the revolution they won.But Jeongguk also knows this love is not enough to keep him tethered to the soil of his land, to make him choose the fishing trade and work day in and day out while the sea haunts him, beckons him toward it. He finds himself blinking back sudden tears at the very idea of it, the monotony of such a life. He would be passably happy, but at what cost?Lost in his thoughts as he is, he doesn’t notice the warmth next to him or a gentle hand on his shoulder, but it doesn’t surprise him, either. Jeongguk would know Seokjin without blinking an eye, imprinted as he is in his life. The hand squeezes further and Jeongguk exhales loudly, a tear dropping.“Both of you are too stubborn for your own good,” Seokjin mummers after a moment, words soft but clear. “But I think you’re more stubborn still.”“I don’t see how that’s good. It means we’re at an impasse.”Seokjin tuts, turning Jeongguk gently towards him. His face is painted golden by the afternoon sun, calm and content. He smiles when Jeongguk meets his eyes. “It means you have the will of iron to bend Yoongi to your will.” Jeongguk feels himself frown, and Seokjin smoothens the wrinkles on his forehead. “None of that. You know he only said what he did out of worry and love for you, don’t you?”Jeongguk knows. It’s why it hurt to hear so. “It doesn’t matter. He made me…he made me feel stupid about it. He’s been the only one to see my love for the sea and love it with me.”Seokjin nods, his eyes sad. “It must not have been easy to hear him say so. I’ve told him off, but you need to go back and tell him why choosing this matters to you. If you love the sea so much, then let your words bleed with it.”Jeongguk looks at Seokjin again. The cook is staring out at the sea himself. “You don’t think I’m being stupid? Or careless?”Seokjin smiles. “No, I just think you’re old enough to make the choices that would make you the happiest, even though those choices worry me a lot.” An arm around Jeongguk’s shoulders and he’s crushed into Seokjin’s side. “Don’t make an error; I am terrified to hear what you want, but I’ve also had years to accept it because unlike Yoongi or the people in this town, I know you wouldn’t have been happy fishing. You like it well enough, but not so much that you want to stick to it. I knew this day would come. But the others didn’t or simply didn’t want to. And it’s up to you to show them. Starting with Yoongi.”With that, Seokjin gets up, brushing off his tunic and holding out a hand which Jeongguk holds on to as he stands up himself. They walk back silently and enter the house that feels tense, even as he can hear the harsh beating of the dough into the counter. Seokjin rolls his eyes as if he knows it for the tantrum Yoongi’s throwing.“Yoongi-chi,” he says softly, and Jeongguk sees Yoongi’s back stiffen. He feels the signs of guilt mix with a need to clear out the air between them. “I’ve told you both what I had to. Now talk like the adults you both are, and stop fighting. I don’t like my kitchen being used like this.”Yoongi turns around, face bereft of any expression, though his lips curl sullenly. He looks like he wants to say no and stay his ground, but there’s something about Seokjin’s voice that can make even the most obstinate reconsider themselves. Jeongguk’s always thought its Seokjin’s quiet personality, more than anything else that runs his kitchen with such efficiency.Yoongi waves a casual hand at Jeongguk and he leaps at the opportunity. Probably his only one. “You know how long I’ve wanted to be at sea.”“It’s all you ever fucking talk about,” Yoongi mutters, then quells down at a stern look from Seokjin. “Yes. I know. I thought you’d grow out of it.”Jeongguk shakes his head. “Don’t bullshit me. You’ve always known how obsessed I was.”“Which makes it all the more dangerous. You’re not thinking of- the risks, the danger-”“I’m learning from the best, one of the most famed explorers of all times,” Jeongguk cuts in. Because that is what Yoongi was, once upon a time, before coming across Jeongguk’s town in a quest and choosing to retire from it, content in leading a life of stability that came with shipbuilding, building one with Seokjin in tow. “You know I’ve never been content sitting in a class and learning. I’ve learned the best hands-on. I’m grateful for the family trade that’s fed and clothed me and paid for my education, but I know it’s not for me. I would never be happy just- staying in this town.”Yoongi bites his lip, his face not as stone-faced as before. He even seems at the crossroads between saying yes and no, and Jeongguk knows he has to be more persistent. You’re more stubborn than Yoongi. You have a will of iron that will bend his own. He’s good at that too. Seokjin doesn’t interfere anymore, knowing it’s now between the two of them.“You have to know how dangerous the seas can be,” Yoongi begins slowly, and Jeongguk sits straight. Yoongi holds up a hand. “You know I will be answerable to your parents and the Sunsong Trade Guild if anything happens to you during this year. You have to know that you’ll be coming home very little and away from the comforts of it for long gaps. Is that acceptable to you?”Jeongguk understands where Yoongi is coming from. The very few that go into the travel and exploring trade hardly see their families, spending most of their lives at sea. They miss important events and celebrations, and it can be a lonely experience. Jeongguk knows that.But he also knows he’d be much lonelier learning the fishing trade when the sea has always called out to him, sung to the blood in his veins and slithered into his bones at night.“Yes. I know I’m expected to go into my family trade and it would be safe, but I don’t want safe,” Jeongguk says. He laces his fingers together. “My family may not be happy but they won’t say no to me either. I think they’ve always known. I can’t- I can’t imagine being bound to one place for all my life. So please, let me have this, and take me as your apprentice. I know I’m asking a lot out of you, to come out of retirement and teach me, but it’s all I’ll ever ask. Please.”He’s sure he’d be ready to join hands and beg even, get on the floor and kneel for added effect- but Yoongi doesn’t need all that. He doesn’t look happy or thrilled, but he also doesn’t say no, especially when he exchanges a look with Seokjin and they have a conversation right in front of Jeongguk without uttering words. Yoongi finally sighs and slouches back into the chair.“Fine, kid. I’ll be your master and teach you about being an explorer, but it will be on my terms. Okay?” Yoongi says sternly, and Jeongguk nods, jumping and pumping his fist into the air excitedly, though not enough that he would hug the other like he wants to. Yoongi rolls his eyes, shaking his head while Seokjin looks on with fond, bright eyes before leaving the room briefly.Jeongguk’s happiness knows no bounds. He doesn’t know what his one year of the apprenticeship will bring forth, but he only hopes for the good; with a teacher like Yoongi and the sea his solace, he doesn’t doubt the year ahead will teach him a lot than his classes ever did.Seokjin returns with a package in his hands; it’s a parcel that looks well-wrapped in brown paper, with a note on top. He and Yoongi hold the package together and present it to Jeongguk.“Happy name day, Jeongguk-ah,” Seokjin says, his tone light and eyes carrying that same fondness. “May you always be guided towards happiness and have a blessed apprenticeship ahead.”Jeongguk only leans forward and hugs them both hard.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Two|
The compass in his hand is a strange one, made of an alloy of gold and bronze, with a needle that spins idly, never resting. It was the first gift of many that Yoongi had given Jeongguk in his one year of being an apprentice, and now, as his twentieth name day approaches, he can’t help but wonder what the purpose of the device is.It did nothing that a compass was supposed to do, but Yoongi had waved of his concerns when he’d returned from his first short trip. It’s something special. Has a rich history, supposedly. Keep it safe. So Jeongguk had. He didn’t understand Yoongi’s motives, but he trusted him without a doubt. Watching it spin now for the thousandth time probably, he flips the compass shut and tucks it into his tunic. He holds on to the rails of the ship and feels the sea breeze on his skin. Thinks, as he knows he does, lost in the gentle sways of the water beneath.He’s on the last exploration task after which he’d have completed the entire apprenticeship year with Yoongi and finally concluded his journey as an apprentice.The feeling is both full of relief and heaviness as he finds himself on the crossroads again, facing a murky future with vague possibilities. He would reach the Sinwang mainland by tomorrow, the Sunsong port being the very first thing his eyes received. The journey this time had lasted about two weeks- some sort of treasure hunt in the seas between Sinwang and its neighbouring country of Munwang, though he’d never ventured across its naval borders. There had been no treasure, a clever fluke Yoongi had probably come up with, but Jeongguk wasn’t even that bummed. The point had been the furthest he could have been from his home, and it had been interesting- colder seas and lesser warmth in the air. He’d heard that further ahead of that, Munwang was even colder.Tomorrow, when he would reach the port, he’d be twenty. He’d be received by the townspeople, of course, the very same people who had whispered about and judged his decision a mere year ago. But Jeongguk couldn’t carry a grudge like that because he knew deep in his heart that his people…cared. In a strange way, wanting its people to stick to safe trades so that contributions to the economy could be recorded and praised. The traveller trade was risky and took away people for months with no one to judge exactly how a traveller contributed to Sinwang. He understands how his choice a year ago raised their hackles, no doubt a scar on the good name of the Jeon family. His father and he never healed the gap formed between them and his brother was indifferent towards his choice, though Jeongguk could see that he ultimately chose their father’s side. Only his mother had silently but strongly provided him with the support and acceptance that he needed, packing him special pickles, dried fruits and meats to carry with him on his various excursions.It was a bittersweet feeling to come back to.In the one year since, Jeongguk has grown taller, packed on more muscles to his limbs and has somehow become tanner. He’s sure most of him smells faintly of the sea- not bad, but salty, if salt had a smell. His hands are rough with calluses stacked on and marred by cuts from the ropes he’d learnt to bind and mend, the hours spent chopping wood for shipbuilding- Yoongi hadn’t left anything untouched when it came to his trade education. He’d taught him these things, but also, with Seokjin’s help, taught him how to make the most of sparse resources to cook, even build a fire from scratch as well. He’d learnt to navigate using the stars and could calculate roughly the nautical miles in his head.As he stares into the horizon, the feeling grows in his chest, slow but heavy with each swell of the water beneath. He tightens his fingers instinctively on the railings with each rise and dip, as the realisation hits him that he’s done it- he’s managed to learn a trade that he desperately wanted from one of the greatest explorers he’d heard stories of, and now- the future lay open in front of him. Almost as vast as the ocean, now sprinkling his skin with mist cold as ice. The heaviness of it grows, spreading its way across his chest and plunging him deep into the memories of the year gone by. At sea, he’d learnt something else as well- the depth and expanse of his mind lay naked before him like the seas in front, and time at sea meant time with himself. He stares hard into the ocean beneath, and for that moment- he finds himself going briefly back to the start of his year. Finds himself going back to the people, the whispers, the fears and doubts that had plagued him, a strange resentment building under his skin with each person he told his news to.Jeongguk may have made his choice in record time and been accepted as Yoongi’s apprentice, but the people of Sunsong were still surprised, whispers jumping from person to person and family to family. The next two weeks bequeathed to Jeongguk became a maze of politely answering the queries of the people he’d known since birth and holding his temper in check when unsolicited advice (and pity) bled through their words.It was in such times that Jeongguk reminded himself that Sunsong was not perfect, that it had its flaws such as how the townspeople were close, and sometimes too close to mind their business. Everyone knew everyone and it had always been that way; communities tightly knitted and joined by a common cause and knowledge, families always in the know of what’s going around. Jeongguk was aware there were high expectations from him; after all, he was- in the town’s words- a young, dashing fellow popular with the boys and girls, having passed the Academy examinations with flying colours and the teachers in the palm of his hand. The Jeon family was a well-to-do family and respected all around. It just wasn’t expected that Jeon Jeongguk, out of all people, would choose to deviate and turn his back on the family trade.Jeongguk had known he would hear this and more, but the words had still stung. Yoongi had warned him the day after he’d received his name day gift and stuck around to have dinner, his favourite cooked by Seokjin. Sunsong was a good town, kind even and not very oppressive. But that is what also makes it a viper’s nest, easy to rot. You need only one person to bring the morale down, he’d said.Jeongguk had understood the underlying message. Be sure and careful before you become that person for them.He hadn’t let these events deter him. He’d even mulled over it for a few days, looking up the other trades he could go into- but he knew it would be a half-hearted effort. None of them sparked the same joy the sea and beyond had. He was sure and had gone with Yoongi down to the Trade Guild, built next to the Academy. He’d registered his choice of trade and paid the small fee of one gold coin, the decision final when he received his letter with both the Sinwang and Sunsong seal on it. It became even more serious once it carried his and Yoongi’s signs on it, and that was that.Jeongguk was set to become an apprentice in the traveller trade, and there was no going back.The memories whirl in his mind, the heaviness settled all over. He thinks that’s when his family, no, his father more like, finally gave up. His family hadn’t pestered him, but messages didn’t come only in the form of words. He could sense the distance growing between his father and him, as well as with his brother. Only his mother, ferocious as she was, gave him wide smiles and congratulated him when he showed up with the sealed letter during lunch. She’d even taken the document and placed it in front of the small temple she’d built to the Gods, closer to the Sea Father than the rest. Jeongguk had nearly shed tears at the sight, though he’d held it in- he didn’t feel comfortable enough sharing his tears in front of his father. He wouldn’t let that bridge burn down his dreams and hopes.Jimin, however, had been another case altogether. There was only one person Jeongguk could hesitate telling his decision to, and for good reason. For when he finally had, Jimin had- rightfully- erupted,  losing his general sense of calm as he had yelled, before breaking down into tears, pitifully attempting to push Jeongguk’s embraces away and failing. Jeongguk remembers the feeling of hate festering inside, the realisation that this was the one consequence of his choice that would weigh heavily upon him. The guilt had already begun to fill the crevices in his heart. He had made his choice knowing what it would wreck upon his friend.It had been a long time ago, but the passage of time didn’t mean that pain could be forgotten. Jimin had been only sixteen when he had lost his parents on a sea voyage, leaving him and his younger brother Jihyun to fend for themselves. Jeongguk had only been fourteen name days old then, and could only help ease Jimin’s pain by giving him his home and family. The Jeon family had been close to the Park family and had taken care of Jimin and Jihyun as if they were their sons. Still, Jimin, prideful and determined as he was, had worked and studied hard, becoming one of the top students of the Academy and entering the medicine trade, one of the most respected and well-paying, and thrived there.It didn’t mean that the sea didn’t haunt Jimin some days and taunted him for it had taken from him, and Jeongguk’s choice now added salt to the wound.“Do you have to?” Jimin had asked after a while, his voice subdued and broken, the roughness scrapping against Jeongguk’s chest. It hurt him to confirm, to go against Jimin’s soft pleads of don’t, but Jeongguk was also selfish.“You know I must,” Jeongguk had replied, head pressed to Jimin’s hair, his warm body tucked in close. They had been in Jimin’s home, the lunch untouched after Jeongguk’s revelation. It was the tensest lunch he’d ever shared with Jimin. “It’s- it’s the only thing that makes me happy. I don’t want to do something that kills me day by day, Jimin. You have to know.”Jimin had remained silent, then gotten up- wiping his face and arranging the food around the table. His eyes are moist but expression stoic. Jeongguk had almost winced, suddenly reminded of the time right after Jimin’s family dying, the days when he wouldn’t speak, eat or sing.“Then let’s eat. You might not get in touch frequently once your apprenticeship starts, from what I’ve heard of the traveller trade.” He got to eating, and Jeongguk could do nothing but accept the offered truce, eat the food Jimin had so graciously prepared.Jeongguk comes to as the memory ebbs away, Jimin’s tears etched into his mind. He’s always known his choice wouldn’t be loved or appreciated entirely, that the only person who would understand is himself, and maybe Yoongi, at the end. It still hurts to have received panic and anger at his deliverance rather than some form of joy. But this had been the bitter aspect of following the unconventional trade routes, Seokjin had told him once, when he’d gone over to their home, exhausted by dealing with the rising questions. Seokjin had looked sad, looking out of the window, and Jeongguk saw he was looking at Yoongi chopping a block of wood. No one likes divergence. No one encourages it. Even if you have a choice, they expect you to choose better, choose sensibly. But if you want this, Jeongguk, then you must put up with this aspect, or it’ll eat away at you.Jeongguk had understood what Seokjin meant too. To gain and keep something, he had to lose something in return. He still thinks about the things he lost with his choices, even though he gained so much more in his experiences at sea. That is how balance worked. If he wants to follow something he loves, then he would have to risk losing his father’s warmth, the town’s adoration for him, or Jimin’s happiness.After all, a balance wasn’t meant to be happy.||His ship with its limited crew members reaches the shores of Sinwang far earlier than he had anticipated. Jeongguk is shaken awake roughly by the crows of the crew lent to him so generously by Yoongi. It takes him a moment to gain his bearings because if the sky above is not coloured wrong, he’s sure it’s only the crack of dawn. And Jeongguk hates waking up early.It’s probably the one thing he’s cursed right from the start: the ungodly hours that Yoongi demanded he woke up at for his training. They were days where he’d sleep in Yoongi’s workshop itself, unable to bring himself to take the long walk back home and then come back again. The good thing was that Seokjin also woke up at the hours, willingly to Jeongguk’s disgust, and always had a breakfast spread ready for him.When he makes his way up the ladder and comes on deck, he feels the goosebumps erupt along his skin. The southern end of Sinwang had always been warmer than the north, with Sunsong being one of the warmest regions. Yet, the seas were always a degree or two cooler, which Jeongguk didn’t mind, having always run hotter than most people. He forgets about the cold as soon as his eyes set upon the familiar Sunsong port lighthouse, its oil lamp burning away steadily. His heart begins to beat faster, the pulse echoing faintly in his ears as the familiar joy of coming back home begins to grow all over.Sunsong had become distant in the year since, but it would always hold a piece of his heart. Just not all of it anymore.Two weeks in the traveller trade means nothing. That had been one of the first things Yoongi had told him, and also what other travellers in the nearby neutral lands had told him. Jeongguk knows he’s supposed to get used to this fact, but he can’t help the quiet joy he feels looking at the port, the familiar cuff of land jutting out into the sea, a number of fishermen’s boats lying idly by like dark ink spots. The lightening sky colours the vision more and more, and Jeongguk nearly crows out loud when he sees a couple of figures on the port waiting for him.He forgets a lot more than the cold then, his excitement urging him to take the wheel and increase the speed of the ship, ploughing it through the waters so much so that the waves crash into the deck, washing it with salt. Some of it falls on his white linen shit, sticking to his skin, which doesn’t help with the cold- but he doesn’t pay heed to it. He’s home.After what feels like years, he takes the careful turn into the waters, guiding the ship smoothly to the tethers kept out for it. He waits until he’s sure of the ship, and then with practised ease, sets about dropping the anchor and unfurling the mast, untying the ropes to be tied to the poles. It’s become second nature to him now, and he feels a smile ease onto his face as he ties the rope firm and strong. Then, without waiting or paying heed to the cries of his crew, he jumps down from the plank onto the bridge. It’s not even a moment before Jeongguk finds himself engulfed into an embrace, tight and warm with the lingering, familiar scent of tangerine and sage. He hugs right back as Jimin sobs into his shoulders, a routine he’s used to by now. He doesn’t say a word but simply breathes Jimin in, eye closed tight so he can revel in the fact that he’s come back alive and relatively unscathed.It feels like forever, but it’s only been a few moments. Jeongguk opens his eyes to face a town still asleep, the streets empty but gradually getting busier as trades and businesses open for the day. He sees the figures of Yoongi and Seokjin coming up slowly, and grins at the familiar slouch of Yoongi’s and the ever-present basket of food in Seokjin’s hand. He doesn’t let go of Jimin but he nods at them, tucking Jimin’s head in close, letting him get a few breaths in. He looks away when Jimin pulls back, eyes still puffy with the signs of sleep and red with shed tears, his nose sniffling. Jeongguk smiles down at him warmly, hoping it would ease the constant worry and pain his friend feels every time Jeongguk leaves on an excursion. Jimin pouts but wipes his tears roughly, cheeks red at the outburst. Jeongguk nearly laughs but holds it in, not wanting the wrath of Park Jimin wrecked upon him at dawn.“You’re safe. And unhurt. Good.” Jimin looks over him with an eye of a trained doctor-to-be, hands fluttering about and checking Jeongguk’s arms and face for nicks and bruises. Once he’s satisfied that Jeongguk’s fine, he nods in relief, a smile blooming on his face. Jeongguk feels the knot of sadness melt away inside his chest, knowing that despite it all, Jimin’s fine for now. “How was your journey?”Jeongguk puts his arms around Jimin’s shoulder and leads the way towards Yoongi and Seokjin, letting himself and his worries bleed away with each step he takes on his motherland. Jeongguk has never felt complete in Sunsong, but it doesn’t mean he doesn’t hold it dear to him. He loves the sea still, despite the year he’s had, the year that’s now over (which he can’t believe yet), but there’s something about coming back on home soil that strikes deep and true.“It was good. More challenging than others.” He bites his lip, wondering if he should go into detail or not. Jimin has been supportive of him, but he still hates the sea with a passion. He decides to take the risk. “The seas past the Sinwang naval border are so much rougher. And the point between Sinwang and Munwang is colder than anything we’ve ever faced. Colder even than that rogue winter storm a couple of years ago. I was shivering for what felt like days on end.”“Did you carry enough protective clothing? The changes in temperature can wreak havoc on your body, Jeongguk-ah,” Jimin chides. Jeongguk rolls his eyes, though he can’t help the fond smile on his face. He complains, but he loves Jimin’s worrywart ways over his health sometimes. “As soon as we reach Seokjin’s kitchen, I’ll brew you a cup of ginger tea. It’s a good antiseptic and immunity booster.”“You don’t have to.”“I think I’m the one who has seen you grow up from a pink pudgy babe to the man you are today. I think I know what you need.” Jimin leaves no scope for argument, arms crossed and chin straight. Jeongguk really wants to ruffle his hair and pinch his cheek, but decides not to- Jimin looks small and kind, but Jeongguk’s seen first-hand how lethal he can be with a scalpel and some herbs. He’d rather not face the threat of sudden diarrhoea again. They finally meet Yoongi and Seokjin in the middle, and Jeongguk separates from Jimin to be wrapped in a hug by both of them; the scents of wood polish and baked good clash in a strange but welcome way, and Jeongguk breathes in deeply.It’s been a year full of second and even third glances, some full of pride and some confused, some with disappointed tuts and some indifferent, but Jeongguk can be absolutely sure about one thing: the ones who’ve had his back with unwavering support are Jimin, Yoongi and Seokjin, and his mother. His mother is silent about it, given that she has to tread the rough waters between the three men in her life, but with the other three- Jeongguk has no doubts. The feeling of it overwhelms him, and a tear or two escape without his permission.“Yah, Jeon Jeongguk- are you crying?” Seokjin exclaims, pulling back to check. Jeongguk doesn’t bother hiding, not when a person like Yoongi who sniffs out lies exists. “So happy to see us, are you?”“I wasn’t expecting it myself, if we’re being honest,” Jeongguk replies, shuffling back to avoid Seokjin’s swat. He turns to Yoongi, who’s standing with arms crossed, body slouched and making him even smaller. Sometimes Jeongguk thinks he does it deliberately because Jeongguk’s arm-wrestled with him before and has lost several times; Yoongi looks pale and skinny and unworthy as an opponent, but years of travel and shipbuilding have yielded him with an almost ungodly sort of strength. Jeongguk never took up the challenge after a point. “I can’t believe the treasure was a trap.”A smile breaks out on Yoongi’s face; it’s as delightful as it is short-lasting. “I knew you’d fall for it. But I’m guessing you figured it out, or you wouldn’t have come out so unscathed.”“I did train under you, you know,” Jeongguk says, preening a little at the unstated praise. Yoongi very rarely praised him outright, always hiding it in gestures and convoluted sentences. It had taken Jeongguk a while under him to understand the patterns. “Especially with that unmanned buoy in the middle of nowhere? It smelt fishy.”“Ah, puns about the sea at sea. You’ve learned well, Guk-ah,” Seokjin chimes in, and Jimin snorts, trudging quietly alongside. “You look- and smell, as well- absolutely horrid. Up we go, a hot shower and then a breakfast fit for your twentieth name day.”Jeongguk brightens, remembering suddenly that today is his twentieth name day. Roughly a year ago he’d made his decision and undertaken the traveller trade route, and here he was today, a year older, hopefully, wiser and trained as much as he could have been. He catches Yoongi’s nod of congratulations and Jimin’s proud smile and feels the building warmth take over all the nostalgia and heaviness. He’s done it.But first, definitely, a shower and breakfast fit for the Gods.||At the Trade Union offices, Jeongguk faces the Trade Union Master as he checks over all the progress reports detailing Jeongguk’s apprenticeship, signed by Yoongi. The man is old, skin tanned with wrinkles lining his face, eyes squinting over the documents. It seems all is in order because a moment later the royal seal is stamped across the pages and handed to Jeongguk, along with a small badge.He’s officially a part of the traveller trade.The feeling pounds away in his heart and his ears, engulfing him as he stares at the paper and badge in his hands. All this for the final confirmation to be so simple, he thinks, hands feeling the paper as if looking for something more.“Congratulations. Welcome to the Sunsong Trade Union. If you wish to pursue your own independent trade, we will give you a month before registering with the Guild. If you’re going to work under someone else, register through their established membership as a new employee.” The man looks up from the rule book over half-moon spectacles. “If you wish to work under the Royal Traveller Association as an emissary in training, you’ll have to pass several tests in place before travelling to the Sinwang capital for royal training. Good luck.”Jeongguk leaves the office in a daze.He doesn’t know how he makes his way home, the flood of information he just received clashing in his mind. For a while now, in the middle of things, he’s been thinking about what to do next. Though travellers are few, they’re also paid handsomely- the excursions they take are not without its risks. Jeongguk can go into export or import, international trade or as the old man had just said, train as an emissary- for which he’d have to take additional lessons in political theory as well. Jeongguk is not interested in that aspect; he may have been a good student, but he’s never been particularly interested in history.He makes his way back to Yoongi and Seokjin’s home; he hasn’t yet gone back to his own. There’s dread curling a fist around his heart every time he thinks about doing so, even though he misses his mother sorely. But the fear of a possibly unpleasant interaction with his father or brother keeps him away. It hurts him how this has become a common practice in the past year, how Yoongi and Seokjin have come to be his second home and second set of parents than his own. It’s not fair to his mother, but he understands her predicament as well. She loves Jeongguk despite the whispers of him being the black sheep of the Jeon family. If Jeongguk can help reduce the tension by removing himself slowly but steadily, maybe it would be worth it.He enters their home quietly, not wanting to disturb them, lost as he is. Knowing them, they would drop everything to tend to him and ask him about the cloud hanging over his head. Jeongguk is twenty now, and he’d rather not keep relying on the two forever. He chose the traveller trade, he needs to learn this soon enough.The thought of it still feels daunting, though.“Got your seal?” Yoongi asks, not even looking up from a block of wood he seems to be shaping. It always fascinates Jeongguk how Yoongi is able to tell everything about his surroundings when he comes across as so non-threatening.Jeongguk gives up the pretence of being quiet and walks to the table, sitting down, unfolding the paper once again. It’s the typical Trade Guild kind, though there’s the difference of a royal decree and the additional badge with the Sinwang emblem on it. A pass for the naval borders and countries, the man had explained, and that had somehow made the badge heavier in his palm.“It looks strange,” Jeongguk says instead, feeling the surface of it. It’s made of an alloy of some kind, dull but sturdy, the emblem clear as day. “I wasn’t expecting an official badge or anything.”Yoongi hums, carving precisely into the wood. It looks like a flower of some sort, so maybe another gift for Seokjin, Yoongi always liked to show his affection than state it. “The traveller trade is special. Told you that the first day.”“I know. I suppose this just makes it more real.” Yoongi looks up briefly, face impassive and eyes boring into Jeongguk’s soul. He looks at the badge briefly, sharp and assessing.“You feel the burden of it, don’t you?” He asks quietly, and of course, Yoongi would understand the feeling brewing beneath his skin. The perpetual self-doubt, simmering low in his blood. “It starts as something joyful, but towards the end, you start wondering.”“I’m not having any second thoughts, if that’s what you mean,” Jeongguk says quickly. He doesn’t want to be misunderstood. “It just…I don’t know what to do.”“You were very sure a year ago.”“And I still am,” Jeongguk insists. He feels his hackles rise slightly, knows it’s an automatic decision to defend himself more than any sort of anger at Yoongi’s implications. “I don’t know where to go from here. All I want is the sea, but where in the sea? I guess I didn’t think that far enough when I made the choice.”He expects some sharp rebuttal, but Yoongi remains silent. Instead, he hears someone clearing their throat behind and isn’t surprised when Seokjin slides into the seat next to him. He doesn’t have the cheerful smile on his face, though his gaze is kind and understanding. It always is.“You still have time, Jeongguk-ah,” Seokjin says, hand-pressed into his shoulder. It urges him to let his worries bleed away. “You don’t have to make a permanent decision now. That isn’t how trade works, though they’ll teach you that at all the Academies. Be careful in your choice, it is permanent. Well, trade choices are somewhat, but within those trade groups, you have more choices. Allow yourself a moment to rest from your apprenticeship.”Jeongguk sighs then, sinking lower into his chair. He understands what Seokjin is saying, and the elder makes sense. Jeongguk is too used to action to sit around and wait, to pause and really think. It’s not even been a day and he’s already thought of a drab future where nothing works and he ends up regretting his choice more than enjoying. Ends up agreeing with the town’s folk and their whispers. He’s just turned twenty.“Yes. I’m just…I feel all over the place, frankly.”“The seas do that to you. The reality hits more after so much solitude with your own company,” Seokjin replies. Yoongi doesn’t add to it, though Jeongguk knows that he agrees. Seokjin sounds experienced like he’s been in Jeongguk’s place before. He could have been. It’s been years and he still doesn’t know the other two’s story beyond what the entire town knows. “Don’t be so sad on your name day, Jeongguk, I think I’ve raised you better than that.”Jeongguk smiles. He lets the worry simmer down, maybe revisit it later when he’s ready. For now, he’s back home and he has to accept that. And nothing is home better than teasing Seokjin and being the troublemaker he truly is.“How about taking me to the bar then?”“Aish, this brat, he’ll never change, will you?”||It’s at the tavern later on that Jeongguk gets the first hint to the direction he would like to pursue, and the events leading up to it aren’t without their bumps.After his talk with Seokjin, he settles down enough to enjoy the extravagant lunch Seokjin had prepared for his name day and graduation day both, consisting of his favourite foods and drinks. It’s refreshing after the almost stale preserves he’d had for his final excursion, and as expected of Seokjin’s cooking, enough to make him forget his thoughts for a while.After lunch, he wishes to keep hanging around their house, maybe sleep a while, but Yoongi’s knowing look is enough to get him moving out; he can’t avoid his home any longer. He shuffles back down the winding path, dragging his feet and sure to attract the gazes of those coming out of the afternoon siesta. Some of the people welcome him back and some give indifferent one-overs, which Jeongguk tries not to bristle at.The way to his home gets quieter with each step he takes, the babble of traders and children yet to catch up to the street it is located at. Jeongguk slows down even more as he comes closer, his throat drying up. He doesn’t even know why it bothers him so much; nothing has happened. Which is the issue maybe. His once warm relationship with his family members always seems to hang by a thread that would break any moment. If Jeongguk made one more mistake.He toes off his shoes at the entrance, the familiar scent of his family, home and leftover lunch making its way over to his nose. He smiles, allowing himself the moment of comfort before his thoughts pick up again.It doesn’t last long as he hears the rustle of cloth, the soft footsteps that could only belong to his mother.“Jeongguk?”His mother rounds the corner and smiles instantly when she sees him. Her face looks tired, more white in her hair and laughter lines around her mouth and eyes, a general sense of exhaustion over her. Jeongguk worries; he always has when it comes to her. He closes the distance between them and wraps her into a tight embrace, breathing her scent of rose and spices in. He immediately feels his eyes well up but reigns them in, letting them bleed into her shoulder and keeping his mouth closed.He missed her, he always does when he’s out on his excursions or the days when he spends away from home because it’s too much to be here anymore. He misses her even though he’s in her arms, and all he wants is for them to sit and tuck his head onto her lap, let her card fingers through his hair, like when he was a little boy.But he’s twenty now and he can’t wish for such things anymore. Maybe he could have if he’d followed the safe choice, but now- he doesn’t know if he can really ask for it.“You’re late,” is all she says when she pulls away, a few of her own tears escaping. His own don’t go unnoticed given the way she gently wipes under his eyes, hand both rough yet soft. “Yoongi had told me you were expected in the morning.”“I did reach in the morning,” Jeongguk admits, feeling the familiar shame bubble. His mother would know why he’s come hours later when the sun is closer to setting. He sees her face settle into a sad smile, expects her to chastise him but she just pats him on the cheek.“Did you eat at their house?” Jeongguk nods, and she sighs. “Perhaps you can have dessert. I made your favourite, for your twentieth name day.” Words lock up inside of him, a twinge of pain in his chest. This, he missed the small ways she still knew him the best.“I would love to,” Jeongguk says, following after her into the kitchen. It’s empty, clean of the afternoon lunch or- any human presence. He sits at the low sitting as she prepares at the kitchen. The strange silence around doesn’t go unnoticed. “Are they…?”“They had to leave for a day’s trip to the outskirts. The monthly fish delivery for the border people,” his mother answers. Jeongguk doesn’t know what to feel at that, whether to take personally the fact that his father and brother weren’t there despite being fully aware it was his name day. “There is a…gift for you.”Jeongguk blinks, not having expected that. It’s not to say things had been bad. Sometimes. His family asked him what his apprenticeship was about, would try to keep up. His brother would even ask questions about fishing routes outside that they could expand to, maybe combine their trades together. His father would hum but that was that. Then some days there would be the jabs about how exhausting and heavy the business was and how having only two people was getting to be a burden. The underlying message of we had expected a third hand, but alas was heavy then, and Jeongguk could only bite his lips and keep shut, eat as fast as he could before escaping.She sets the dessert in front of him and goes inside to retrieve the gift. When she comes back, there is a small wooden box in her hand, inlaid with some silver work. The box itself must have been expensive, so he wonders what’s inside.“We’ve been thinking for a while now,” she starts, sitting in front of him, legs crossed underneath. Jeongguk feels the box around, marvelling at the smoothness of the wood. The silverwork is intricate, and it takes him a moment to figure out what it’s supposed to be: a ship of sorts on mighty waves.Jeongguk feels the tears gather again.“Your father and brother…they regret how they’ve been. I do as well, for not saying much or telling them. But you’re twenty today and you’ve thrived like you always believed you would. I always knew you would. We’re very proud of you.”Jeongguk has no words as he flips the clasp open and sees a thin chain with a pendant attached. He removes it from the case and sees the detail put in it; on one side is the Sunsong port and the other side is his family name in the Sinwangese characters.“The pendant was my idea. So you can always find your way home, whenever you feel lost,” his mother whispers. Her voice sounds heavy with unshed tears. “I understand Sunsong and our own place has not felt like home in a while and- it may not. The people still talk. But we are proud.”“Even father? Even Junghyun?” Jeongguk asks, still staring at the pendant twirling in front of him. It catches the drifts of the afternoon sun and glints like gold.“Especially them,” she replies, getting up to take the pendant from him, unclasping it and putting it around his neck. “You know them- they have been too stubborn for their own good. That’s where you got it from, I don’t understand why they were so shaken by your choice.” She finishes, patting it for good measure and watches it rest against Jeongguk’s chest.“You really mean it? You’re not just saying it?”His mother frowns. “What do you mean?”“They do…care? And it’s not because you told them to?” His voice sounds small but he can’t help himself. Things are far from fixed, but he needs confirmation.His mother gives him an unimpressed look. “Jeon Jeongguk. If I could have had my way, this dance of the three of you wouldn’t have been under full away, believe me.” Jeongguk looks away abashed, cheeks burning. She’s right, of course, his mother was loving, but a force of nature by her own right. “Eat. I’m sure you have plans in the evening with your friends?”Jeongguk had forgotten about it, but knowing Jimin and Seokjin, he’s sure he’ll be taken to the tavern to celebrate his name day. It feels so surreal, like the events a year ago repeating themselves. Which reminds him.“I got my official documents,” he says, reaching into his travel pack and getting the papers out and the badge. Places them on the table, where his mother reaches for them with marvel and pride in her eyes, especially with the badge. Only travellers or those going to the Sinwang capital get these. “The badge is for if I cross naval borders or visit other countries.”“Oh, the Sea Father bless you,” his mother says, voice shaking as she presses her lips to the badge before leaning forward to kiss Jeongguk’s forehead, lips dry but warm. She leaves to keep the documents in the small temple, muttering something under her breath. She wipes her tears and sits back down again. Opens her arms, and Jeongguk feels five, small and wanting her embrace around him at all times. “For old times’ sake?”Jeongguk doesn’t hesitate before crawling into space and laying down to sleep a while.||The tavern is louder than usual when he enters, Jimin, and Yoongi in tow.It’s familiar, the din and the noise, the regular patrons and the bar lady who smiles warmly at him. Jeongguk winds his way through people and tables as he finds an empty table near a larger one full of foreigners, and beckons the others over. He holds three fingers up, asking for three tumblers. Tonight he’ll be paying, as both Yoongi and Jimin had reminded him so sweetly. You’re no longer an apprentice, Jeonggukie. Pay up.Definitely not his favourite part of his name day.As they settle in and Jimin continues the conversation from earlier, Jeongguk leans back into his chair and sighs. He feels himself melting into it, boneless almost, like the way he was holding himself all along had been so tight, like taut strings. The afternoon spent with his mother helped, though he knows he’ll feel a strange hollowness so long as he doesn’t meet the rest of his family and hear the words of pride from their lips.Those close to him can tell he’s not entirely present in the moment, if one can go by the side glances that Jimin and Yoongi throw, though neither point out. Jeongguk knows he’s not being good company, but a lot is on his mind- though he feels lighter than ever, there’s still a knot somewhere, shifting from his chest to his stomach, sometimes to the back of his neck and a tug of pain following down his jaw. It happens when he’s thinking too much or too stressed, too anything, really, so he hopes the pain will pass away as it does. But for the moment- he’s distracted. He doesn’t feel like he’s reached his twentieth name day, doesn’t have that feeling of accomplishment that has always followed him after a completed task. He still feels like he’s at sea, back home for a short while to learn one more new skill, catch up with Jimin before leaving in a while.The hollowness in him grows, keeps him slack in his chair, tumbler still untouched, condensation thick upon its surface. Jimin and Yoongi are nearly done and seem to signal for another, throwing another side-way glance when Jeongguk doesn’t object or whine about them robbing him. He supposes it is a little alarming for them, his apathy, even if they may have ideas on why it is so.He wishes he could tell them. One moment he was exhilarated about coming back home and getting the name day gift from his family; now the ambiguity and hollowness he feels gather all of him. In murky waters, isn’t that what he’d thought on the ship? When his year was going on, there was the stability of one more month, one more excuse or task. But he’s on his own now. People would have expectations from him; he was supposed to have his own. To be free on the sea, explore, learn. But he doesn’t know where to start.“What’s up, Jeonggukie?” Jimin asks at last, his voice low and soft and worried, like the elder brother he acts as. More than Junghyun does sometimes. “What’s going on in that head of yours?”Jeongguk shrugs. “End of apprenticeship and all that.” He worries his lips, wondering if he should tell them about the possible reconciliation between him and his family, but decides against it. “I just- I’m not sure.”Yoongi hums but doesn’t comment, carefully sipping from his tumbler. Probably doesn’t want a repeat of the morning at his place, which Jimin isn’t aware of.“What are you thinking about doing?” Jimin asks, and Jeongguk internally groans, wishing Jimin hadn’t asked the very question causing him so much pain. It’s Jimin now. A couple of days later it will be his family, then the people around. And Jeongguk would still be shrugging, clueless but scared.Which he repeats, hopefully not showing the helplessness he’s beginning to feel. He doesn’t want the parent side of Jimin picking up on it and then spinning into something panic-inducing, with his I told you so and what not. The last thing he wants is a smug and lecturing Jimin.“Nothing feels right,” he ventures carefully. He’s thought about it for a while. There is navigation sciences, sea trade, being an emissary, lighthouse management amongst others. Export and import sound the closest to what he thinks he’d want- open seas, visiting other country ports and exchanging goods. He’d spent most days on the waves and that’s what he wanted, but…it doesn’t feel right.A lot of Jeongguk’s decisions have been made on whether they feel right in his gut, his soul if they perk his interest or not. Many may not agree with his way of looking at things, the way he makes decisions, sometimes reckless, though they’ve worked out- mostly. Sometimes they have ended up with him hurt or making a mistake, but mostly his gut has had his back.So it’s frustrating that while it seems to be shaking its head at the prospects in front of him, it’s not giving him a hint to an alternative either. That’s the downside of relying on one’s instinct.“It’s your first day back,” Jimin says instead, not providing some kind of advice surprisingly. “You’ve worked yourself to the bone this past year, more than you did at the Academy. Breathe, Jeongguk. Don’t run away to the seas the moment you come back, hmm?”Oh. That’s why Jimin isn’t being his typical self. He’d rather have Jeongguk on land than go back out again, and he gets that, but it hurts just a little that Jimin will never approve or possibly accept Jeongguk’s chosen trade, even though he tries his best.He gives a weak smile, hoping it reaches his eyes. “I’ll keep it in mind, don’t worry. Let’s drink up.” Not that he’s in a mood. But he does, because his friends have gotten out for him in the middle of the week and he can’t be such a terrible company.Later, he wonders if he should have drunk at all because Jeongguk combining alcohol with the strange state his mind is in isn’t a very good one; he tends to get more introspective, sad and his mind wanders, leaves the room and then comes back to it in intervals. His attention slips, which is why it shifts to the table next to him, the one with the foreign travellers still drinking the bar down.Their world tongue accents are heavier than the kind Jeongguk and his people use. He can’t tell where they are from; they have strange features- some look closer to Sinwang, maybe Munwang, with their paler skins and cold eyes, some with hardened tanned skin but eyes coloured different. Jeongguk, like anyone else in Sinwang, has learned about the various neighbouring countries and the people there. He knows many visit Sinwang, particularly Sunsong, given it’s the major port and the southern point of entry into the country. When he’d been younger, he’d been fascinated by them. He discovers that he still is.It’s rude to eavesdrop, but Jeongguk can’t help it- it’s a terrible habit he has, keeping an ear out, though he doesn’t gossip or spread it around. He just likes to…know. And these are visitors, travellers from other countries, looking travel-weary as if the sea has done its best to break them down and retreated. The way Jeongguk wants to be.A small thought at the back of his mead addled mind whispers how he too would one day belong to that table, exchanging his own stories. He stamps down on it.“-you’re lying. You couldn’t have possibly escaped it!” One of the men snorts, face red and full of a thick beard, uncommon for their lands. The other groups laugh and nod, looking with disbelief at someone.The man who seems to be receiving the ire of the table. He’s built lean, face clean-shaven, definitely from further away than the neighbours. His skin is lighter, as is his hair and eyes, which are blue. He waves his hands around, face frantic.“I would not. I really did escape the Siren.”Later, Jeongguk wishes he’d turned his ears away and saved himself. Done his future self a favour.“How? No one ever does.”The man grins, though his smile shakes, his eyes wide with…fear? “I had gone to the passenger ship to collect some spices for the cook. Thank the gods I did; I was far away enough to not be lured in with the singing. But my deck mates were not so lucky. I saw them go into a frenzy, I understood what it meant. I took the wheel and left before I could change my mind.”Jeongguk almost hisses in response. Leaving one’s crew behind to escape? Yoongi had told him the first week of his apprenticeship that come what may, the captain stood with and for his crew and the crew did the same. It was the shipping code. It was universal, Yoongi had explained, shared by all travellers, regardless of nation or language. It was understood, he had almost hissed with vehemence, drilling it into Jeongguk.So Jeongguk naturally wants to call out the traveller, damn the fact that he is not known. But then he sees that the travellers around him nod their heads, a sad gleam in their eyes and some muttering prayers to their gods. No one chastises the young man.There are flaws that everyone has. Curiosity is one that owns Jeongguk.“Excuse me?” He asks, voice loud but respectful, the use of the world tongue thick in his speech. Like many, he’d been taught it in his formal education, but it’s not spoken often. The table becomes silent on both ends; the travellers looking around for the interrupting voice and Yoongi and Jimin pausing, wondering why Jeongguk would ask a stranger, let alone a group of them, for anything.He can feel Yoongi’s gaze in particular like a sharp hit which he ignores, his attention on the pale man.“Yes?” He asks, voice cautious but kind enough.“I’m sorry to have interrupted your merrymaking,” he says, inching his chair a little closer. “But I happened to overhear your story and…may I know who it is you’re speaking of?”“You don’t know, boy?” Asks Beard Man, face still red. Jeongguk wonders offhandedly how much the man has drunk already.Jeongguk blushes at the tone, the tone more experienced sailors or travellers often use, that he gets intimidated by sometimes. “I just finished my apprenticeship. I’m not…very aware.” He hopes he doesn’t come across as weak or pathetic in his admittance, but the group only laughs, some looking fond at his innocent question, some shaking their heads.“Ah, the good days, wasn’t it lads?” They all nod. Jeongguk wonders why but keeps his mouth shut, eyes straying to the pale man. “Go on then, hero. Tell the laddie everything.”Pale man nods, doesn’t introduce himself- but clears his throat. Chairs shift around and space is made for Jeongguk, so he shifts ahead. Yoongi and Jimin come in close behind him but don’t stop him, though he notices how Yoongi hides away. As if the travellers would recognise him.For a moment, Jeongguk wonders if they would- Yoongi had been a well-known traveller. He was aloof and seen as rude and strange, because of his pale skin and wiry frame, but there was also grudging respect by the Sunsong people simply because of his experiences and his knowledge of trade routes near and far.Why would Yoongi want to hide?“I’m speaking about the greatest myth amongst us travellers,” the man starts, voice low, making it hard to follow with his accent, but Jeongguk’s ears function well. “Siren at the Sea.”“No one knows who it is or should I say, what it is,” someone else speaks up, a lady at second glance, her hair shorn close to her scalp. “Well, it is a monster, so that should be enough. Some say it shifts between man and woman.”“But its power is its voice- it sings to lure you to your death,” the pale man says, a shudder going over him. “The sweetest voice, it sings of riches and glory one could only dream of. Of course, the less fortunate and the greedy succumb to it- never to be heard from again.”“And one can’t escape it?” Jeongguk asks, something like wonder in his voice. In his mind.Beard Man shakes his head, sadness colouring his face. “I’ve been fortunate to not have its island come in my routes, but we’ve all heard the stories near and far. The voice itself puts you in a frenzy, makes you want the dream so much, you would do anything to have it.”“Though many others who’ve heard glimpses of it and come back say it’s a very mournful story,” another man says, face thoughtful. His companions grumble as if having sympathy for a monster was blasphemy. “Oh, do not look at me like that. It is but a rumour.”“Whether the monster cries its heart out should not be the matter,” the lady says, her eyes rolling with disgust. “It kills without mercy- no one ever comes back. Some foolish men and women hear of its riches and go willingly, but they are never heard of again.” She pauses and looks at the pale man with a smirk. “Save this hero, I suppose.”“I did not see it!” the man objects, looking distressed at being teased. “I blocked my ears at the last second, but the voice- I swear I saw my Ma alive, beckoning me to come to her. It lasted for a moment before the fog took over.”They go back to their laughing and bickering, ordering another round and discussing more stories. Jimin and Yoongi seem to be listening, but Jeongguk…Jeongguk’s curiosity has found new things to hook its claw into.“It can’t be found again?” He asks, breaking into their talk again, not at all feeling bad. Something urgent builds under his skin and then ebbs, like the waves he’s so fond of. He can see Jimin look over, can feel Yoongi’s suspicion coming over and makes sure to keep his face neutral.The man shakes his head no. “It is random. Many sailors have tried to map out a pattern but- all routes report at least one incident with him. The crew lost, people gone. No trace whatsoever. We just pray that it doesn’t come across our routes.”“But the people who went to look for it willingly?”The lady hums. Shrugs. “Must know more than us, kept the knowledge of the patterns to themselves- greed does that to people. They never have come back.” She looks at Jeongguk with suspicious eyes. “Why do you ask?”He can now feel Jimin and Yoongi both bearing down at him with their gazes and keeps up his aloof façade, praying that it works. “No reason. I find it strange how more experienced sailors and travellers warn them and they succumb to their greed.” He swallows, lying through his teeth. “Perhaps that is how the Siren wins.”The lady laughs, nodding in respect, and Jeongguk finds his back getting thumped in cheers. He clinks his tumbler with them and drinks deeply, accepting their congratulations when he tells them off his graduation, becoming fast friends even. The travellers tell him tips and what to expect from the sea, the discussion of the Siren long forgotten- but not from Jeongguk’s mind.“Who is your Master?” One of the travellers asks, and Jeongguk looks behind the find Yoongi stiffening, face hidden under his hat…which he shouldn’t be wearing inside. Jeongguk is about to answer when Jimin suddenly buckles forward, stumbling into Jeongguk and pitching the tumbler, spilling the mead all over. Jeongguk curses and gets up, the traveller helping clear away the spilt tumbler. The moment is gone; he sees Yoongi leave swiftly through the doors like a ghost and is left with Jimin apologising profusely to the man (when Jeongguk is the one with the mead wet trousers), who brushes it off.He pays the exorbitant amount Jimin alone must have racked up while complaining, hoping his puppy eyes could melt the bar lady into giving him a discount. It doesn’t work, though she smiles fondly and pats his cheek. He comes out to the cool night and the sounds of trader shops closing, the streets getting emptier by the hour. Yoongi is outside, leaning against the tavern wall, almost melting into the shadows of the corner wall.“Where did you run off to?” Jimin asks the question Jeongguk had wanted to.“Didn’t want to be introduced to them,” Yoongi says blandly, pushing off and walking down the common path, Jimin and Jeongguk hurrying to catch up.“So you knew them?” Jeongguk asks, excited that his guess was right.“Some of them, yes,” Yoongi says, voice low and slurred. Something is off in his tone. “They…may know of me in different ways, though. Ways I’d rather not say.”Which means Yoongi would be a closed book and not answer a single question. It was one of the things that annoyed Jeongguk to no end, his curiosity left high and dry.“Did you know of the monster?” Jeongguk asks instead. His mind is addled, slow and mellow, his vision obscure, but the story doesn’t leave his mind. Yoongi’s gaze sharpens, and Jeongguk wonders again why Yoongi seems so high on alertness.“You have a lot of interest in that one,” he replies, again very Yoongi of him to avoid a question. “Any particular reason?”Jeongguk shrugs. There is one brewing in his mind, under his skin and his gut, but he knows he would be- possibly hurt- badly for it. “Nothing, I just found it very fascinating. We’re never taught about monsters in sea trade classes at the Academy, are we?”Jimin snorts. “Yeah, because that’s all magic, Jeonggukie. It’s not real. That man must have just caught the average ship-wrecker or a pirate at the very least and made it something more than it is not.” Jimin looks very resolute in his conclusion, and Jeongguk supposes it makes sense- but it doesn’t feel right. “These foreigners, some of the other countries still believe in magic. I find it very sad that they are still caught in the archaic ways, don’t you agree, Yoongi?”Jeongguk turns to watch Yoongi, wait for his agreement. Yoongi is quite possibly the most objective man Jeongguk knows of. But when Yoongi remains silent, the itch under his skin, the rings around the pockets of hollow in him, burn again.“We don’t know everything about the world, do we, Jimin-ah?” Is what Yoongi replies at last, and this sets of a debate between the two, though Jeongguk doesn’t miss the long look Yoongi casts in his direction.Hears them bicker through the silence of the night as his mind struggles to quiet and bring back control from his heart, from the hollowness echoing in him, the one that is never satisfied with what he ends up with, that seeks challenges in every space of life.He wonders why the story of the Siren begins to feel like a challenge instead of a story.Jeongguk keeps walking on.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Three|
The Siren haunts his mind as nothing else has ever before.Jeongguk can’t tell apart its features or what it looks like save for what his imagination comes up with. He wonders if it is like the monsters and animals he read about in his old history books, no eyes and mouth full of sharp teeth, ugly with only its voice as its salvation. He knows he’s supposed to put it out of his mind, to not let- the challenge of it, he supposes- caress his mind the way it has been.Yet, in the middle of the night, eyes facing a dark ceiling and sleep evading him, the thought of it echoes so loud in his head, it’s no wonder his heart speeds up, body tired yet his mind alive.He had criticised those fools who went searching for the Siren, but the steady truth building up is this: it isn’t far from possible that Jeongguk might want to be one of those fools himself. If there were a prize for the world’s most foolish dreams, Jeongguk would surely be the one to win it.The thought is there in each step he takes, chasing him with each day he takes to think about his future. He works with Yoongi in his workshop, helping him build new ships, works on a ship of his own that he had commissioned weeks ago. He has a month before he makes a decision about the direction of his chosen trade, and he hates how the timeline scrapes on him. Yoongi and Seokjin don’t say anything at all, not even through meaningful side glances as they’re known to do. Jimin is happy that he’s at land for now and doesn’t coax him at all to think about his future, which at any other time, would have irritated Jeongguk; is his friend so selfish that he would keep Jeongguk to himself rather than let him go out to the seas he loves? Maybe. He probably can’t understand the fear Jimin feels every time Jeongguk sets foot aboard a ship.When it comes to his family- his mother had spoken true. Two days after his twentieth name day his father and brother had come back from the Sunsong border, tired but happy to see him, wrapping him into a hug- perhaps the first he’d had in the one year since their sourness. They had expressed their words of pride, just like his mother had promised, and it was then that Jeongguk had allowed the feeling to cover him, allowed himself to believe that it was true, that the gift hadn’t been a ruse or a trap.And now Jeongguk, reckless, maybe foolish, was about to ruin everything again. Every time he thinks about the Siren, he feels that other voice raised by the Sunsong values and people tell him what a fool he is. A selfish fool, so lost in his own dreams and needs that he doesn’t stop to consider other people.It’s a wonder how this voice does nothing to stop him from thinking, wondering and imagining what the Siren must be like. What facing it would be like, what- dare he say- vanquishing it and coming back home alive, would feel like.And there it is. At the heart of the matter, the need or the wish, whatever it be called- this is what makes him even consider, even dare to dream: that Jeon Jeongguk becomes the first traveller to cross paths with the Siren, vanquish it and come back to tell his tale of survival. To join the league of reputable travellers and sailors, to have his own story to boast about in various taverns across the land and seas.Jeongguk is no hero or a person trained in the Sinwang military, but he has a decent education in the martial arts offered across Sinwang. It was a facet of the intensive training he and the other students had received, should they want to try out for the army or any of the defence forces that guarded the nation. And like Jimin said, perhaps the Siren wasn’t as much a monster as the tale glorified and blown out of proportion to keep the people afraid, to keep them loyal to the Sea Father or the equivalent of a sea god in the other lands. All travellers were a bit superstitious, considering the odds they faced the moment they were out at sea. Even Jeongguk, who wasn’t particularly religious beyond the small rituals his mother involved him in, was deferent to the Sea Father- Sunsong’s main god, whose festival was celebrated with more pomp than anyone else in the pantheon, given the dependency on the sea for most of their trade.So maybe the Siren is just a story to keep the people in check, and the ‘monster’ is probably a rogue sailor or a pirate stranded on a remote island, shipwrecking hapless sailors and travellers and stealing from them to survive.But then, another voice speaks in his head as he works around the wood polish, leaving no side unturned, why did all the travellers in the tavern agree on the myth? Agree that it sang something mournful, powerful enough to pull people away from all sense and rationality? What about that?And Jeongguk does not know the answer.What he does know is that the moment he thinks about his future, he’s begun to think about the Siren. And the moment he thinks about the Siren, his gut has a flurry of excitement building, unlike any other prospect he faces besides an adventure. And though Jeongguk trusts his instinct, and he still does, there is an echo of doubt pinching him from time to time.It’s annoying, to say the most.He does his best to look into past sailor or traveller accounts to have a hint, and the lack of information only piques his curiosity to nearly painful levels. He needs to know, but he doesn’t understand why it’s so profound. He is aware that he is reckless and the Fates shine their grace upon him most of the time, but even he knows he’s reaching for something blind- yet he wants it anyway.And so one fine day, almost two weeks into his trade, Jeongguk blurts out this need, this want brewing in his mind at the table while sharing lunch with Yoongi and Seokjin, and for the first time since he’s known them, sees both of them lose their composure.Well, if he needed any confirmation about the stupidity of his idea, here it was.“Could- could you repeat that?” Seokjin wheezes, face red, the table in front of him splattered with the water he had choked on. His generally handsome features seem contorted. “You want to do what?”Jeongguk looks down, playing with his food. “I want to go search for the Siren.” When he looks up, he finds Seokjin’s skin returning back to its normal hue, but Yoongi- if looks could kill, Jeongguk would have died a thousand times over already. He avoids the master’s gaze steadily.Seokjin looks somewhere between confused and unimpressed. “And who is this- this Siren?” He asks calmly, and Jeongguk winces- Seokjin is easy going most of the days, at peace with the antics Jeongguk gets up to and his bratty presence. His calm voice, however, is something Jeongguk has never underestimated.It also throws him off a little, makes his nerves dance as if they’re lit on fire. “It- it’s a- a myth- some travellers were talking about it, and, uh- it’s-”“It’s a fucking monster in the middle of the seas and it has trapped Jeongguk’s fancy like the little child he is,” Yoongi spits out suddenly, and Jeongguk shuts up, unable to bear the heavy glare the other is yielding. The words don’t even hurt because Yoongi’s voice itself traps him so. “Jeongguk. Look at me.”Jeongguk doesn’t, suddenly afraid. He’s heard about Yoongi’s quiet anger, but this- he’s never faced it, always knew Yoongi had a soft spot for him and that made him immune like no one else. He doesn’t know how to face the other possibility.“Jeon Jeongguk. I won’t ask again. I can employ the Master’s Code if you wish.” And at that, Jeongguk does raise his head, heart-squeezing as he faces the full brunt of Yoongi’s…cold. There’s no other description for it, for looking into Yoongi’s eyes Jeongguk feels his very soul freeze, his body lock-up, his breath stopped. It’s unnatural, the way it happens; Jeongguk’s not the most open about his feelings or emotions, but he’s also not the type to freeze when something is happening. He’s always moving, always doing something, but there’s a strange sheen in Yoongi’s eyes that makes him stop.Until Seokjin places a hand on Yoongi’s shoulder and he melts, blinking and breathing out slowly. The palpable anger is still there, but it’s not so- cold, anymore. Jeongguk feels himself unlock, air making its way through his lungs again, his heart beating loud.Strange. So strange.Seokjin looks concerned, eyes full of warning as Yoongi takes a few breaths in, murmuring apologies to Seokjin, who keeps squeezing his shoulder as if he were some anchor to Yoongi’s feelings and emotions.Jeongguk feels as if he doesn’t really know the other two at all, which is a hurtful feeling to have, but it ebbs away when the two of them face him, faces unimpressed and gazes sharp. He does know them; they’re Seokjin and Yoongi, the people whose home has been his refuge, his safe space to dream and hope and learn. The people who cook his favourite things for him and have a room made for him for when he wants to sleep elsewhere, who love Jeongguk as if he is their son, or at least, an annoying younger sibling. Of course, he knows them, and that’s why their anger- which he expected- is valid.“You want to search for a mythical monster in the seas willingly?” Seokjin asks, his voice quiet and devoid of emotions displayed on his face. “Am I hearing that correctly?”Jeongguk nods. Even now, their reactions haven’t deterred him. He wonders if there’s something wrong with him that he crashes through life like a ship at the roughest waves.“And you want to do this…why?”Jeongguk shrugs. His earlier fear is melting away because Jeongguk doesn’t do fear well- he gets scared, definitely, but he’s always worked with it rather than be stopped by it. He doesn’t avoid it. His casual response ticks off Seokjin, for he can see him getting agitated, which is generally just Seokjin’s ears going bright red.“Because it will allow me to travel the seas and learn, and I can’t imagine working all this year to learn everything about travelling only to- to engage in something as boring as import and export. If I am to spend time at the sea, it might as well as be for something meaningful.”Seokjin raises his hands in frustration. “There are other things you can do in the traveller trade!” He nearly squeaks. “Not putting your life in danger is one of them, for a start.”Jeongguk rolls his eyes. “The faith you have in me is absolutely heart-warming, Seokjin.”Seokjin doesn’t stop. Yoongi remains silent, arms tight around his chest, lips pursed as if he would burst if he doesn’t have that control over him.“There are things apart from import and export. There is the navigation sciences, you get to study the stars and build charts for the Academy’s navigation department; there is being an emissary, you could take a few extra classes and work with the royal family and go out at sea as much as you want, Jeongguk. Why won’t you-”“Because they’re useless!” Jeongguk exclaims, doing his best to keep his voice level. “The navigation department never taught us anything; all that I have learnt comes from Yoongi. And why would I study even more about- about political theory and what Sinwang does with nations and fall into convoluted court games? I just want to be at sea.” The conviction rises stronger, gripping his heart and mind in a way that it wasn’t before, but sitting here, facing these two, he feels so sure that this is what he wants.He would never be happy and satisfied otherwise.“I want to be at sea,” Jeongguk continues, not giving them a chance. “I want to be surrounded by water. I want to learn and figure out how the routes work. I want adventure, not-, not this dreadful life where I work for coins day in and day out to keep myself alive but unhappy. I can’t do it, I don’t want to do it.” He grips the edge of the table. “I want to find a way to the Siren and vanquish it. I want to have my own stories told rather than simply listen to them.”There’s a silence after that permeates- everything. Every cell, every pore of Jeongguk can feel the heaviness of it, the way Seokjin implores at him with shocked eyes, slight trembles on his frame, the way Yoongi is stock-still. And then-“You’ve gone mad,” Yoongi hisses, face flushed pink, his firm shaking with barely concealed rage and fear. Besides him, Seokjin is much the same. “Absolutely fucking mad.”Jeongguk knows that. Knows that his curiosity is his madness, his love for the challenge the sea provides making him reckless.He doesn’t care either way.Maybe it’s the disbelief and rage in Yoongi voice that locks the conviction, makes him look up chin ahead and shoulders thrown back. Maybe it’s the challenge of always being told he’s doing things out of his league and capability that makes him say what he does next.“I’m going to be the first one to find the Siren and vanquish it once and for all,” he says, arms crossed. Smiles, the challenge echoed by his heart. “I’m going to be the first one to come back home alive.”||Needless to say, it surprises more than shocks Jeongguk when he’s told to get out of their house, Yoongi’s body barely holding in the anger and Seokjin stuck at the table, head in his hands.The shock turns into anger, fast, hot and unrelenting, coursing through his bloodstream as he stalks off into the day, away from their place. He feels it in each step, the way it hurts after a while to walk because of how forceful he’s being. Halfway through the distance between Yoongi’s house and his family, the anger ebbs away, leaving behind an open route for what he’s really feeling. Regret, shame, guilt- perhaps a bit of sadness, but carried through by the anger that floats around.That’s how he reaches home after he’d been thrown out, wandering the streets nearby, letting the energy he’d gathered out in short bursts. Jeongguk wasn’t very good with his feelings either, though he preferred not to talk of them if he could help it. He didn’t want to reach home and have his mother know immediately that something was wrong with him.It doesn’t matter. For when he reaches home, she knows. He doesn’t say a word, quietly joining his family at the seating area, where cups of tea and snacks are set on the table. The meal before the siesta ends and the last bit of trading ensues. If Jeongguk had a regular trade, he would have been going with them.But he doesn’t have a regular trade, is not a regular person with a regular dream, and so, regular things like afternoon teas are not meant for people like him.So be it.His mother gives careful glances while he broods, his father and brother casually talking about the yield from the fishing season the past week, the boom in the business. They don’t seem to notice Jeongguk’s less than enthusiastic responses, speculating instead on the royal request to deliver the best fish for an upcoming event. Perhaps a royal wedding, his father chuckles, outlining a plan for his brother to follow.“Jeongguk, what have you planned for your trade?” His father asks. His voice is soothing and deep, like it’s always been apart from the year of strained silences between them. In the past two weeks, they have mended aspects of their relationship back to how it used to be. His father is perhaps still not okay with Jeongguk’s choice, but maybe his mother had come through, convinced him to let Jeongguk do as he pleased without punishing him for it.Jeongguk was about to ruin it.Regular things are not meant for irregular people, he thinks, before opening his mouth to give the surely damning response.“I’m going on a quest,” he says, stirring his tea, not looking at them. He knows what’s to come next, had made up his mind. The only people whose reaction had mattered were Yoongi and Seokjin’s, and that hadn’t been grand.The silence that follows is telling enough, but Jeongguk finishes stirring his tea and looks up, at last, sees the confusion on his father’s face, the shock on his mother’s.An aspect of the traveller trade that went uncovered often was this: going on quests. In the Sinwang history of trades at least, a quest was seen as a huge sacrifice. It involved uncovering lands and seas, foreign nations or clearing pathways and reporting back to the capital for access to existing trade routes or developing new ones for better economic prosperity.It was also dangerous, for quests did not guarantee survival. Their world was a new one, and there were lands stills undiscovered. The seas were vast, and the ones they knew now had been achieved with much death, grief and loss. If the myth about the Siren was true, it meant that sea travel was always a gamble, a risk. The fear on the faces of the foreign travellers had been vivid, something that haunted Jeongguk’s memories along with the Siren.Unlike the fools who had gone looking for the Siren for its riches, Jeongguk’s motive was different. Better. He didn’t care about the riches, though if he were successful, he’d take advantage of it and bring back more resources to Sunsong and by association, Sinwang. He’d have removed a threat to future sea travel. And of course, he’d be amongst the league of all those travellers he’d been fascinated by and learned about. He had a selfish inclination and he wasn’t ashamed of it.“You…you’re what?” His father finally asks, the only sound in the pin-drop silence.“I’m going on a quest,” Jeongguk repeats just as easily as the first time, no hitch in his voice or mind. “I’ve thought about it. I came across a group of travellers a couple of weeks back and they talked about a myth terrorising the seas. I’m going to look for it and remove it. Come back alive.” Maybe confidence is a little too much. “Hopefully.”His family is silent, including his mother. He sips at his tea, hoping that the underlying nerves don’t show in the tremble of his hands. He needs them to believe he can do it, because if he were- alone- he thinks he’d succumb to the doubt he feels growing.“You want to look for a monster in the seas?” His mother asks, her voice so quiet, so shaken that Jeongguk almost reconsiders, just for a moment.“No one really knows what it is,” Jeongguk shrugs, setting his cup down. “How are we supposed to call something a monster without knowing why it’s breaking our ships and taking away our people? We are living in fear rather than wondering how to fix the problem. So I’m going to go on a quest and do that.” He crosses his arms, his mind made up. The doubt can wait until the late hours of the night, niggling at the back of his head and making it ache.The silence in the wake of his wish is deafening, the echo of his heart loud in his ears with each moment. He supposes that’s what his life has come to off late: loud silences and soft heartbeats, and Jeongguk’s emotions swirling inside.“You’re really lost,” his father says, his voice deathly quiet. Hopeless, even, a bare trace of anger. Disappointed, Jeongguk realises, which is somehow worse than the anger he was expecting. “We took it in stride when you abandoned our family and chose sea travel. Your mother has loved you and told us that you knew what you were doing. But I can see now that she was wrong.” He casts a glance at Jeongguk’s mother, who is stock still, mind still processing Jeongguk’s plan.“It’s not like you were ever going to be happy with my choice,” Jeongguk spits out, hating how uttering the words pierces him so. “It shouldn’t matter to you.”“Perhaps when you chose to live out the rest of your days as a child, I could make peace with it,” his father replied. There’s still that bland disappointment in his eyes. Jeongguk hurts at the words. “But to think you want to…want to end your life, that you think nothing of us, your mother-”“Don’t.” Jeongguk has enough guilt without it adding to the mountain of doubts building steadily. “Don’t presume to use Mother. You are ashamed of me, I am aware.”It’s his brother who speaks up, moisture in his eyes. “Jeongguk. You know that is not what Father means.”Jeongguk wants out. He gets up, swiftly clearing his side of the table. “That I’m heading towards my death? Instead of having faith that I might be one of the few who doesn’t?” He shakes his head, hands closing and opening. He doesn’t know what he wants to say, what he wants to put across. He feels his emotions bursting, ready to crash the shore as waves do. “You only ever had faith me, loved me until I was the best student at the Academy or would help with your trade. You were so blinded by that future, you forgot to see what I’ve always loved. So it shouldn’t matter what this quest does do me since you never cared.”“Jeongguk, no,” his mother chokes out, but Jeongguk feels it taking over him, his emotions and the need, ever-present inside him, to bolt, seek solace in the sea. He pretends to not see his mother’s heartbroken face, knows he’s unfair in storming out like this without at least appealing to her, the only one who has ever seen him.He puts on his shoes, part of him surprised and a little hurt that his father and Junghyun don’t follow him, no angry outpour of words or thinly veiled insults. He exits, nearly crashing into the walking street vendors, barely stopping to apologise.He can’t go to Yoongi’s, seeing as he was removed from their presence- which means he’s not welcome there for a good time. He wouldn’t want to even, he decides, still hurt over their rejection. He can’t go to Jimin’s either, because Jimin would be busy at the health centre, and he doesn’t know about Jeongguk’s choice. Jeongguk decides he doesn’t want Jimin to know either, at least until he gathers some insight and researches into quests.Which leaves the sea, as always, the docks closing in, gorgeous against the backdrop of the sun slowly setting into the ocean. He can’t sit down on the bridge, the workers nearby would be curious and perhaps a little judgemental.Jeongguk finally takes the deep breath he desperately wished for, letting the scent of salt and brine rush in, filling his lungs. He opens his eyes to the last hour of trading, fishermen coming in, and the waves rolling and crashing against the rocks. The sound soothes him as it always has since he was a child.He feels alone in that moment, realises he’s never met anyone who loves the sea as much as he does, none of his peers that fascinated with the twists and turns of the water surrounding them. Even Yoongi, who he’d thought would understand, was content living a life that involved as little of it as possible. Jimin positively hated the oceans, could barely stand to look at it some days, though Jeongguk couldn’t fault him on that.He didn’t expect acceptance from his family, but the utter hopelessness in their eyes, the absolute lack of faith- even on his mother’s face- drove the point home. A part of him wonders if he’s really doing the right thing, if he’s asking too much in refusing to be content with the given options. Choose a path that keeps him at sea but safe, as Seokjin had said.It’s a small part that wonders, though, for the one that rages over it, refuses to back down, tells him this is his right. It is his life, and he deserves to live it in the way that makes him happy or at most, his definition of content. He was never happy in just being trapped in the safety of Sunsong, Jeongguk realises, always having gotten up to trouble and scaring the living daylights of his mother. He can’t recall a day in his life where he wasn’t reprimanded, where Jimin hadn’t twisted his ears painfully but lovingly because he’d crept up on him yet again, where he hadn’t done dangerous things. Can’t recall a time he hasn’t looked at the oceans with a desperate yearning, wishing he would be old enough to finally go out of the small pocket of land.Where others had cautioned and told him to not be so reckless, Jeongguk maintains that he had learnt from his choices, dangerous as they were. He knows that what he’s about to do is perhaps the most reckless of all, maybe his only chance to be that reckless- his life has no guarantees. A part of him trembles at the prospect, of dying too soon. And yet, he knows, perhaps a bit morbidly, that he might die in a place he loves, doing what he adores. It’s not about the nobility or that he isn’t aware; he supposes that it’s a choice- choices explorers made, living with their hearts in the palms of their hands, never knowing when danger would strike, for there was always that knowledge that if there was danger, there was a possibility of an opportunity as well.He feels alone, but he knows he’s doing right by himself. The determination builds slowly in his heart, taking over his mind with each breath, the sea singing to his blood. Maybe his loved ones wouldn’t agree. Maybe the town will never see things the way he does. Perhaps, he would forever remain the black sheep of the Jeon family, and though he doesn’t wish to think so, die like that.But he would rather die knowing he had his own, rather than die living a dull life.||That being said, he isn’t so reckless or impudent that he bulldozes without any preparation.Sunsong was known to be a wealthy region, welcoming trade, import and even delegates and emissaries from other lands. It was large and rich, both in economy and culture, but it did lack a sense of…creativity. Jeongguk had thrived at the Academy because he liked being the best, but he’d always found the work-first-play-later culture a tad bit stifling.But that is what raised Sunsong to the levels it had, given it the backbone to stand against an oppressive rule, lead the rebellion that led them to a somewhat independent and peaceful region. Though a part of Sinwang, it had been granted special privileges that the other regions hadn’t. It wasn’t to say that the current royal rule was oppressive or bad, but the Sunsong people prized their practices, their culture and their freedom.Jeongguk was just one of those who liked the freedom part more than anything else.Alone as he is, he starts working on a plan. The traveller trade is not the most popular or even approached trade when it comes to sea work; quests would not be even heard of. He remembers them being briefly stated in a line during his history lessons, but brushed over as if it were unimportant.He starts there first.The library at the Academy is an independent unit, accessible to both the students and the people. It is smaller in scale than the Library at the Sinwang capital, according to the librarian when he requests books and scrolls on the sea trade. Jeongguk catches his drift. We may not have much material over things that are not important anymore.A pity, really.Still, he scours the scrolls, looks into accounts of explorers of the past and those who had accidentally discovered something on the way to trading with another. He’s grateful for some of the entries, no doubt taken from the journals of the past explorers. He finds absolutely nothing on the Siren, which he already knew, but it leaves a pool of disappointment in his stomach. On that front, he would be clueless.He goes deeper into the archives, sometimes spending hours reading- adventure stories, quest logs, and the discovery of lands. He comes home at late hours, whiling away time at the tavern, drinking some nights or laying with men and women on others, delaying his return to a silent home reeking of sadness and fear. His mother looks at him with pleading eyes but keeps silent as if she can see the determination written on his skin. Some nights it is unbearable and he goes to Jimin’s, curling into his bed and telling him lies about uneasy ties which Jimin accepts. His friend doesn’t question him about anything, which is a small reprieve he supposes- though it hurts that he can’t gush to Jimin like he wants to.Even amongst so many people doing their work joyfully, Jeongguk feels alone. He pushes the feeling away.Once the library seems drained of knowledge, Jeongguk decides he would have to ask around. He spends more time at the tavern, declining all requests to drinks. It’s not always that foreigners are abound in Sunsong, which though heavy with trade, was not very open to outsiders. He begins to find that upsetting, like a scratch he can’t itch. Underneath its richness and history, Sunsong is still stifling for people like him.When he does come across foreign travellers or if by luck, an explorer, he receives the same thing that he had the first time he’d heard of the Siren: that it is dangerous, it promises no survivors, and it is a fool’s mission. Quests are meant to be dangerous, the explorers agree, but the Siren is not meant to be any quest. It’s meant to be avoided.“Why are you asking though, boy?” One of them asks, and Jeongguk wants to lie, sell them a story of a curious boy with a wandering mind and too much time. They’d lap it too.He also realises then that he’s tired of the lies.“I wish to seek it,” he replies, and the table around falls silent. He doesn’t have to look at them to feel their gazes of fear, judgement and mockery even. “Nothing should terrorise the seas like that. I wish to find it, remove it and come back alive.”There’s silence, and then raucous laughter that pinches, deep in his belly and his heart. He expected that, but the feeling never seems to settle down.“Are you out of your mind, boy?” Someone else asks, wiping tears of laughter from his red face. He thinks the sailor, or whatever he is, realises that Jeongguk is serious, for he stops short. “Don’t be foolish. People have died for less.”“I plan not to.”“As if your life is in your hands when the Fates have made such a vile thing,” another voice hisses. Jeongguk doesn’t care to find and note them down. “You seem like a bright fellow, young and dashing, a whole life ahead of you. Would you throw it away for a fool’s quest?”Jeongguk meets his eyes then, sees that he’s from nowhere he recognises. His world tongue feels heavy yet light when as he replies. “For happiness and living life the way I want- yes. For doing my part in making the seas safer so one day people like us need not fear it. I would.”The men and women roar with laughter again, some shaking their heads and some looking at him with pity, some openly calling him a fool, though no one does anything to him. One of them even buys him a drink, tells him that he might as well as get him one since he may never see Jeongguk again even if he comes by Sunsong.Jeongguk smiles tightly, but the words push into the wound further.Its sheer stubbornness and determination that pushes him on and carries him through, for if Jeongguk had let his emotions come in between, he might have tucked an imaginary tail between his legs and turned away from the sea.The thought of that ever happening feels so horrifying that he simply does not entertain it.  Of course, after so many attempts at finding information, days spent in the areas holding log accounts and talking to all sorts of travellers, rumours are bound to spread. The speed with which they do takes even him by surprise, having always been aware that information travelled fast in Sunsong, its people close and sometimes incapable of shutting their mouths in between trade works. Before he knows it, he is noticed as he walks in the streets, as he works on the docks and on Yoongi’s ships. His former Master had quietly allowed him back into work without exchanging much words or greetings, aloof and distant. That had hurt Jeongguk the most, he thinks, the blankness that Yoongi showed him. Seokjin tried his best to joke, very painfully and obviously brushing the matter and fight under the carpet, giving him food during the lunch hour. But there was still the worry in his eyes, the silent plea on his face.Jeongguk usually looked away before he could pay too much attention.The rumours are loud and direct now, said in his vicinity as if Jeongguk should hear them and- and repent, be pitied and punished. For what, he doesn’t know, as he doesn’t owe the people anything. Perhaps for not fulfilling his filial duty. Perhaps for not working like a good, honourable man and chasing ‘childish dreams’. For not contributing to the economy as every citizen does.Jeongguk listens to them but doesn’t say a word. Maybe a few weeks or even months ago, he might have defended himself, but he’s come to realise that he needs to preserve every bit of energy he has, now that it is not refurbished with love and support as he was used to in his life. He can’t waste it on senseless arguments and needs to protect himself when the goal is bigger than any of these petty things.He focuses on building his ship as well, building it the way Yoongi had taught him to. It’s the one he had commissioned, so he’s allowed to, though he knows that Yoongi wouldn’t want to help him or even provide him with builders for it, but he does. It’s not a grand thing; she’s meant to be small and fast, cruising through the waves, her strength in her agility and ability to withstand the mightiest of the sea’s fury. It can carry a small crew but he doesn’t see that happening, though he’s made provisions for it. When he faces that fact, he realises just how unaided he is going to be.It’s as he is nailing some of the last wood planks into place that he hears shouts in the distance, a thundering of steps. He raises his head just in time to catch a glimpse of Jimin’s furious face and finds himself being shoved back so hard he falls on his arse, the pain pinching his tail bone and travelling throughout the rest of his body.Jimin doesn’t give him a moment before he’s hitting Jeongguk’s arms and chest with fierce punches even as Jeongguk tries to shield himself in vain. Jeongguk’s attention spins as he gets his bearings right before he settles on Jimin’s red and angry face tracked with tears. He catches hold of Jimin’s wrists before the next punch connects with him and holds fast while Jimin struggles.It’s a while before Jimin stops struggling, tired but hands still bunched into fists, Jeongguk’s larger hands wrapped around. Jimin heaves, tear stains on his face, the anger vibrant as ever.Jeongguk finally speaks. “What in the name of Fates did you that for?” He exclaims, the pain catching up to him as his body throbs. The older was small in stature but he made up for the power he packed in his body. Jimin, along with Jeongguk, had excelled in the martial arts education at the Academy. He knew to hit where it hurt most.“What’s this I’m hearing about you going on a quest?” Jimin shoots, eyes glaring. Jeongguk feels his heart seize up, his palms sweat.“It’s- where did you hear it?”Jimin looks at his face, his anger leaving shade by shade until only the tears remain. More seems to be forming around his eyes.“Is it not a lie?” He asks softly.Jeongguk gulps. “Where did you hear it, Jimin, I-”“A patient at the clinic. The lady who makes the shoes,” Jimin spits out, hands still in Jeongguk’s. His eyes are angry and pleading both. “Tell me it’s a lie, Jeongguk. Please.”There’s a silence between them, the air still with bated breath. Jeongguk is tired of lies.He supposes the silence is answer enough because Jimin breaks down, sobs wracking through his chest so hard he shakes in Jeongguk’s arms. He feebly attempts to push Jeongguk away but it’s to no avail; Jeongguk doesn’t know what to do anymore. It’s like the last time, a year ago, when Jimin had learnt of his choice.“I’m sorry,” he whispers into Jimin’s hair, helpless. “I’m so sorry.”“I can’t believe you would do this to me,” Jimin wails into his chest, pushing back and looking up. His hair is a mess, his face blotchy with tears. “Why do you want to hurt me so, Jeongguk?”It pinches to hear the question flung so carelessly to his face, striking deep and true. Like iron shrapnel in an open wound, one of many.“I don’t want to hurt you. Please, believe me.”“But you are!” Jimin exclaims, shoving Jeongguk, freeing himself from the embrace. The distance feels too large and Jeongguk wonders if he can cross it this time. “You- you are unbelievable, Jeon Jeongguk. Was choosing the traveller trade not enough? You want to- you want to forfeit your life and play some hero from a child’s storybook?”“It’s not about that,” Jeongguk insists, hating how his dream is being twisted into some glory cause. “I don’t care about that. Don’t make it sound like that.” He takes a deep breath. Maybe if he appeals to Jimin’s feelings and their friendship, he’ll understand where Jeongguk’s coming from. “I can’t do this. I can’t be a typical trader, it would bore me to death. That’s not the life I want, Jimin, please understand-”“You’re so fucking selfish, Jeon,” Jimin hisses, and the venom in his voice is what pulls Jeongguk out of any delusion he may have harboured about his friend’s acceptance. “You want me to understand when you couldn’t even tell me you were planning this? I had to learn from the townspeople, Jeongguk. I am your best friend.”“I knew you’d react like this, that’s why-”“And that’s what makes it even worse, Jeongguk, don’t you see?” Jimin’s face is cold, arms crossed across his chest. He knows there are some people still watching whilst some have gone back to their work. Jimin’s eyes feel like ice chips. “You know deep down I will never be okay with this. I will never be happy with you going to the sea.”Hearing the confirmation of the feelings he knew deep inside that Jimin harboured makes the guilt take a set back and the anger reel in. He’s been alone and hurt for days now, the least he expected, perhaps naively, was his friend to have his back.“Yeah, Jimin. I’ve known, you’ve never hidden it have you?” Jeongguk says, his own arms crossed. The air between them is coloured with anger and resentment. “Some kind of friend you are, accusing me of lying when you’ve been lying all year about how much you support me and would stand with me-”“My parents died at the sea, you selfish bastard,” Jimin spits, teeth gnashing hard enough to be audible. Something about it reminds Jeongguk of his place, of how lost he got to make such an accusation against Jimin. “They were supposed to come back. I said goodbye to them. I never got to greet them again.”Jeongguk gulps, shame boiling in his stomach. “Jimin-”“I will never be happy with your choice. Every time you go to the waters, I can’t help but wonder if it’s the last time I’ll ever see you. I can’t bear to lose you, okay, Jeongguk?” Jimin’s voice breaks at that, though he does his best to hold his own, chin set straight- but Jeongguk sees right through him. “I can’t. I wouldn’t be able to take it.”Guilt trashes in his stomach, at war with his desires and feelings, his ambition and his dream. If it builds the way it does, Jeongguk won’t have to worry about the sea drowning him when the guilt would do a much better job.“Jimin…I don’t know what to say-”“Tell me you won’t go. Tell me you will drop this foolish idea and come back to your senses. Tell me you care about me enough not to put me through this, not again.” Jimin is close to him, crowding him, eyes boring into Jeongguk’s.It feels like the walls are all enclosing around him, even though he’s on a half-built ship, the air as open as it can be. There’s a violent dance inside him, his heart trashing against the whispers of his mind coaxing him to take Jimin into consideration, the so-called wisdom of the town folk, to drop and give in.His breath picks up, his heart racing as Jimin keeps imploring at him with his wide eyes, hope and love and care for Jeongguk as he’s always had, his tiny hands pressing into Jeongguk’s own; it feels like too much and the thoughts echo in his head.Maybe he should listen to them. Maybe he is a selfish bastard, maybe the town is right. Jeongguk is going to die and he never thought about how the few people who truly loved him would suffer because of his selfish need for adventure and excitement. Maybe he has too much overdue confidence and this is the one time the Fates would act, strike him down if he leaves, maybe he should-He thinks he would have agreed to Jimin’s wish, told him what he wanted to hear, dropped his yearning and made himself okay with a dull life, but a life that kept him alive for Jimin, for his mother, for Yoongi and Seokjin.He might have, his mouth is already forming the syllables when he sees two familiar figures on the docks, zeroes on them and realises it’s his parents.His parents, who have never come upon the docks, never come to see him off or take an interest in his work. Not even his mother, who though supportive, still kept to the safety of the inner dwellings and their house.But they’re here. Jeongguk can’t hear them, he’s sure they couldn’t have possibly heard him and Jimin, but just their sight brings it all back to focus. He looks back at Jimin with narrowed eyes.“Did my parents send you here?” He asks quietly. Jimin frowns and looks back to where Jeongguk had looked, eyes wide when he turns back and his head shaking.“No, I came of my own accord-”“Wait a moment,” he says, taking a step back this time, putting the distance. His mind is in a whirl as he sees his parents waiting patiently. It’s never happened, and that is why it’s an anomaly in the universe. “This is the lunch hour. You don’t get patients the hour before lunch hour and after.”Jimin’s eyes twitch a little, head still shaking. “It’s not what you think Jeongguk-”“Did my parents send you here to convince me to let go?” Jeongguk asks, and Jimin freezes, which he supposes should be confirmation enough. “Jimin?”“I…no. Partly, yes, but I had heard rumours, Jeonggukie, it would be hard not to. Your parents merely asked me to see if I could help you see sense-”“By what? Using your parent’s tragic death to guilt me into doing what you want?” Jeongguk hisses, the guilt melting away as the anger hooks in, rumbling deep inside. He can’t believe one of his closest friends would do that.Jimin’s gaze turns pleading and filled with guilt. Jeongguk thinks his heart could bleed outwards with the way the pain slashes in. “Jeongguk, please- you have to understand. What you’re doing is sheer madness. You won’t come back if you go after- a monster. Every story says so!”“I don’t have to understand anything at all,” Jeongguk says. He feels almost blind with fury, though he contains it well, he thinks. “I can’t believe you would use your parents-”“I’m not using them! It’s true that they left, they left me and Jihyun, and I will never get them back!” Jimin argues back, face flushed. “Maybe your parents sought me out and told me to talk to you, but they didn’t ask me to use my story, Jeongguk, that is a low accusation to make.”Jeongguk crosses his arms, decides he’s done. He understands at a logical level that his parents didn’t ask Jimin to remind him, that this was Jimin’s way of reaching out to him. But it hurts all the same.“You should leave. Tell my parents you failed,” he says softly, turning away to the abandoned piece of the wood plank.Jimin inhales sharply. “Jeongguk- please. Don’t do this because I hurt you. I’m sorry I went about it this way. But I mean it- this is madness. Please reconsider, please. I will get on my knees and beg, Jeongguk, please-”“I really do hope I come back to see you, Jimin. But you’re distracting me now.” Jeongguk hits the nail on the wood plank. It sounds symbolic of their friendship for now. Jimin stands silent as if he is waiting, but Jeongguk keeps hitting the nail, driving it into the wood until Jimin understands.He leaves without uttering another word.Jeongguk feels hollow.||The hollowness grows like lichen, encroaching upon his very being bit by bit. There’s something disturbing about Jimin being the last straw in his mind. It is as if his tether has broken, cut off by a blunt knife so it’s not even cut neatly and there are remnants of love and care. Jeongguk had felt alone, but there’s something terrible haunting about Jimin leaving.The next couple of days Jeongguk realises what it feels like to be truly by himself, in a way that even weeks at the sea never felt like.Jeongguk wonders if following through on his goal is worth it. He’s lost so much in such little time, the doubts plague his mind. Is he being a fool, like Jimin said? Is he too ambitious, too headstrong and walking towards his death, never to see his family and friends again?A part of him answers yes. However, it doesn’t mean he’s going to stop, because he’s in too deep now. This is what he tells himself: he’s put in too much effort, too much hope, days and nights spent dreaming about the quest to back out now. He doesn’t think anyone would blame him if he took a step back, but that isn’t the point- maybe the people of Sunsong wouldn’t mind, but Jeongguk would. He felt too prideful not to face the challenge, even if it ended up being madness.It was a funny thing to face one’s mind.He puts his all into the ship, now having a proper shape, small but beautiful, with his own touches placed upon it. He makes it as comfortable as possible, not knowing how long it’ll be before he comes across a sea route in the monster’s path. It’s just a matter of knowing when to start and where from because Jeongguk may be heading to a difficult path but he’s smart enough to be careful about it.He sleeps in the ship itself sometimes, too hurt and perhaps, a little scared, going back home. He might be allowed to work at Yoongi’s workshop but it’s clear that his former master hasn’t quite forgiven him yet, though Jeongguk’s not aware what he did so wrong to ask forgiveness of. He knows Seokjin dislikes conflict and has to maintain a neutral ground between appeasing Yoongi and supporting Jeongguk, and he’s angry enough by Jeongguk’s decision to lean in Yoongi’s favour. Jeongguk doesn’t blame him; he doesn’t blame anyone. Not even Jimin, who would have been his last option. If he detaches himself from the situation, if he stops thinking as Jeongguk, he would probably yell at himself too. But he’s not, because at the end of the day he’s the one who has to live with his circumstances and beget the consequences.The monotony of the entire thing begins to shift when he is at the tavern one night, allowing himself to a night of drinks, maybe take a pretty girl or boy upstairs and ravish them, when a tumbler clinks onto his table and a man comes into his view.Jeongguk looks up to find- a stranger, one he has never seen around their port city. Sunsong has many foreigners, but even then, there are some types of travellers and foreigners who frequent the region, certain citizens of other countries whose features he’s similar with.The person in front- he can’t tell whether it’s a man or a woman, they’re heavily garbed in ways that are most definitely unsuitable for the warmer climate of Sunsong. Only the stranger’s eyes peek out of his covered face and they are dark and sharp.“Is your name Jeon Jeongguk?” The person asks, and from his gruff voice Jeongguk can guess it’s a man, but he doesn’t want to assume.Jeongguk nods, aware of several people looking closely at the interaction. The person takes his confirmation as a sign to sit down at his table, which isn’t anything someone from Sunsong would do. They move to slowly unwrap the layers of cloth around their face to reveal that yes, they’re very much male.“My name is Han Byeongho,” the man says, placing his hands on the table. His face is pale, the shape of his eyes similar to Jeongguk’s people but a little more slanted. There’s a shadow of a beard around his chin and his hair looks dark black. “I am from Munwang.”“Oh.” Jeongguk blinks a couple of times more, processing the information. It’s not to say he disliked countries- Sinwang was generally more focused on productivity and economy to forage into political clashes, but even then, Munwang was seen as a strange place, cold and with the wide expanse of the sea in between to separate them. It was opposite to Sinwang in multitude ways, mainly with its descriptions of colder temperatures and sparse, sometimes barren lands, its capital lying more in their rich minerals, even more than Sinwang did. Its people stood out, like the stranger had, wearing thicker layers perhaps as protection against the cold, though it must be torture in Sunsong.“I understand our people are not familiar to you,” the man continues, his world tongue gruffer and more aggressive then it was supposed to be. As if speaking wasn’t a thing in the Munwang culture. “I was in the Sinwang capital for trade. I remained in Sunsong for a couple of days to collect the necessary resources and will be on my way to Munwang by dawn tomorrow.”“Welcome to our city?” Jeongguk says, not knowing what to say. He wasn’t the best with words or interacting with people, despite how the town adored him.The man- Byeongho, such an unfamiliar name around here- only snorted. He called for a tumbler and made himself comfortable. “As welcome a Munwang fellow can be here. But I did not sit here to talk about our people.” He finishes his earlier drink and smacks his lips; Jeongguk feels a little small in front of him. Maybe Munwang people, in general, were broader. “I was in town for a couple of days. Your people talk a lot.”“That they do,” Jeongguk agrees, taking his own sip. He’s still not sure what’s going on but he’s a traveller now, he should be used to strange encounters and the like. “Anything in particular that brought you to me?”“Yes. I heard that you are seeking the Siren?” Jeongguk freezes at that, fingers tight around his tumbler. The man looks at him with keen interest and none of the mockery that has followed him so far. He can feel the others looking over and closes in, making sure to keep things in a whisper. He could do without more rumours spreading.“I am,” he says, not beating around the bush. What would be the point? He has nothing to hide. “I didn’t realise it was that popular of a rumour.”“The shoe lady in one of the corners was talking too much,” the man shrugged. The new tumbler comes in and he bows in thanks. “My reason for asking is- we talk of it in Munwang as well. Amongst us traders and seafarers. I found myself curious, given how…careful Sinwang is with its people.”“Curious about what?”“How you got permission, I suppose.”“I didn’t.” Jeongguk crosses his fingers in front of him. The man frowns. “I am officially a part of the traveller trade here. It means I can start my trade in any way I want. Though the quest is a personal choice.”“You have royal permission?”“I have the badge, which means I can travel across the naval borders and enter other ports,” Jeongguk confirms. He had looked into this aspect of the quests well, seen the rule book, worried that he might have to make a special trip to the capital and beg for royal permission. Thankfully, he didn’t have to.The head of the Guild did have a minor stroke, though.The man nods and then shrugs, like the rules of Sinwangese trade are beyond him. “That’s good for what you wish to do, then.” He clears his throat and ponders over what to say or maybe, how to say whatever he came to propose. “Do you know where to start?”“No. That’s the only thing halting me. And building my ship, of course.”Byeongho raises his eyebrows. “Of your own? That’s impressive.” He leans back into the chair and looks at Jeongguk, his gaze going up to down and back. It makes Jeongguk almost fidget, feeling seen because of it. “I was in Angye a couple of months back. You know of Angye?”Jeongguk nods slowly. He does know of the country, if only because it’s another country that neighbours Sinwang and is known for its herbs and healing practices, though there are rumours that many of their practices are from the Old Ways. Which mean the Sinwang people and history teachers skim over its importance or value apart from its herbs that they import.The man continues. “I’ve always been fascinated by the tale if I can say so. Never thought I’d want to go seek it out though, maybe you got a strong head for that,” the man laughs as he says. “But when I was there, I heard of someone, an old lady, who knows a lot of things. Mysteries of the world, things your people and mine don’t like talking about.”Jeongguk is interested. “You think she might know about the Siren?”“She might, there’s no guarantee in such tales, after all. But you might want to start there because the gods know you won’t find anything here.” Byeongho closes in. “Sinwang is too safe to keep information.”Jeongguk thinks it’s meant to be a jab at his people, and he does feel the familiar tug of wanting to defend it, but after a harrowing couple of days and weeks he’s had, he’s not very keen.“Thank you for your information,” he says instead, and he means it. This is a starting point, risky as it is, but one he’ll have to take. Better than the maddening monotony. “Why are you helping me? What do you get out of it?”Byeongho smiles, though there’s not an inch of it that is malicious. “I see a curious boy with a dream, I help out.” When he sees that Jeongguk doesn’t buy his explanation, he sighs. “I heard about it, I thought it was nonsense. But it seems to be the talk of the town. To be honest, however, I think it’s the fact that a Sinwang person is making such a bold choice- for whatever purpose, I don’t know nor do I wish to. I’m sure you have your motivations for this.”Jeongguk nods, doesn’t know if he feels comfortable telling the stranger. He respects the distance Byeongho maintains though, it’s refreshing after all the questions, doubts and accusations. “Perhaps too bold an ambition.”“For a Sinwangese, definitely,” Byeongho says, his tumbler close to finishing. He fishes in his pocket for change to pay. “Many of my people and others around the world seek to create paths for new avenues. Sinwang only lays low, taking advantage of them once they are open. I don’t entirely blame them, I suppose. If I was any more business-minded, I would have done the same. But we are a brash people.” He laughs. “Not brash enough to willingly seek the Siren. In such cases, one needs all the encouragement, especially a traveller on a quest.”Without meaning to, Jeongguk feels a sudden tightness in his eyes and at the back of his throat, heavy pain in the centre of his chest. He won’t cry in front of the man, but he wishes he could tell the stranger how much it means to him, that it’s the first time he’s hearing some kind of faith instead of dismissal and anger. The man pats Jeongguk’s hand once, twice, before shoving away from the table, covering his face once more.“I wish you luck in your quest, young man. Angye is a strange land but nothing to fear,” he says, his voice muffled now that his mouth is covered. He nods at Jeongguk once before leaving, chucking a couple of coins to the bar lady.Jeongguk can only sit and hope his gratefulness is not welling obviously in his eyes.||The week after that bout of information is as maddening as it is fast-paced. With a starting point in his mind, Jeongguk now prepares to leave for his quest. Curiosity beseeches him to look for material on Angye, but between building his ship and giving it the final touches, he’s more excited for the quest than anything else.All he knows about Angye are the things he was taught in history class. He knows Sinwang trades with Angye on import of rare herbs and some spices that are not available in their lands, and even healers rumoured to be of a special kind that only work and live at the capital’s Healing School. There are some who believe the Old Ways that the Angye people live in involves magic and spirit work, which is disregarded immediately- his people believe in working hard and tangible evidence, not myths and legends.Maybe that’s why the Siren is foolish and Jeongguk is doomed, according to them.He begins collecting resources for the long journey ahead, though there is no estimate how long it would be. He packs preserved food and spices, a medical kit that Jimin had gifted him once, a spear and a net for fishing or hunting for food if need be; oil, bedding and clean clothes. It’s always been a standard for every expedition he’s left on under his training. There are tools to fix the ship to keep it afloat before he finds land, and even a weapon of sorts- a sharper spear with a longer range- in case he needs to fend the monster off. He knows he may be out of his depth with these meagre preparations, but it’s the most he can do.He also stocks up on currency- he exchanges the Sinwang coins with the world coins, the ones used for international trade and travel. He had gotten a sum every month from the Guild during his apprenticeship as well as some payment from Yoongi, plus his family allowance. Jeongguk didn’t know how long the money would last but he could only hope that it was enough until he came to a place to work and earn again before embarking on a journey.It’s a week of furtive glances, whispers and pity in the air, but Jeongguk keeps his mind on the task. When he feels ready, he prepares to buy one of the rare fishes his father keeps stock of as a sacrifice for the Sea Father- he’s done so every journey, but on a smaller scale, since his expeditions were nearby. He could have in another time gotten such fish for free, but now, he does not want to take advantage of his family ties, does not want the Jeon family name to suffer more than it already has.It’s his brother who is handling the shop today, and Jeongguk avoids his gaze.“A lionfish?” His brother quizzes, Jeongguk’s choice stranger than most sacrifices need. “And you’re paying for it?”“I am a customer.”“You are still family, Guk-ah,” Junghyun chides, taking the fish out of the icebox in the storage and packing it delicately, in a wrapper meant to signify sacrifice. “This shop is yours too, even if you don’t wish to partake in it.”It’s nice to hear, Jeongguk thinks. It’s alarming how he doesn’t feel the sentiment as much. “Thank you. But I didn’t want to take advantage of our name. Please accept this.” His brother resists the silver and gold coin he hands out but stops when Jeongguk just places it on the counter and leaves with the packet.“Are you…are you leaving now?” His brother asks behind him. Jeongguk stops, wonders if he should say anything at all. Wonders if confirmation would change anything.“Tomorrow, at dawn,” he ventures, turning around slightly. He doesn’t know when he’ll see his brother (or if he’ll see him again, though that’s a thought he suppresses deep, deep inside). It’s a pity how their once-close relationship has been reduced to ifs and buts. “I will miss you, Junghyun. For whatever it’s worth.”Junghyun blinks, but Jeongguk doesn’t reply or wait; he sets off, hoping his brother would inform his parents. He doesn’t know if he wants to face them, even his mother, which hurts to admit. After his clash with Jimin, he’s just not sure if he’s okay with so much doubt.He reaches his ship at the docks, storing the fish carefully. The Sea Father was an important god, but supposedly a benevolent one out of the pantheon, having blessed their region with much wealth and a sea life bereft of tragedy. It was a given that the abundant sacrifices and the festivals Sunsong held in his name were what kept the region prosperous, and Jeongguk wasn’t about to take a chance and risk it, even though sometimes this belief in the gods would make something in him itch.Well, he supposes if he’s willing to go all the way to chase a myth, then he might just as well start believing in the gods even more. Everything seemed to matter as his journey loomed on.He waits for the night to fall as he readies the circle of salt and seaweed, sage burning around and a knife to slit the fish. He hadn’t understood the ritual much, only ever seen his mother do it through the years and then watching Yoongi’s workers and the crew engaging in it, so he followed. He doesn’t understand anything about what it is meant to do, but he doesn’t question it.  The moon reaches its zenith. Jeongguk calmly picks the fish in one hand and the sacrificial knife in the other, prepared to slit it within the circle and cast the blood on the new deck. It pains him to ruin the polish like this but he knows this is meant to bless the ship and guide it through troubled waters.He keeps the knife at the side of the fish’s gill when he hears steps behind and the shuffle of cloth. He turns around, knife outstretched a little, wondering if there’s an attack. A part of him paranoid with fear wonders briefly if Junghyun told his parents and they sent in the Justice Workers to stop him. The panic softens when he’s met with Jimin’s head coming above the deck ladders, helping himself up.For a moment, neither know what to do. It’s been a little more than a week since he saw Jimin’s face, had exchanged final words of anger and betrayal. Jeongguk waits for the feelings to arise in him but nothing happens; all he feels is relief- relief that he gets to see his best friend one time more.Jimin too looks like he doesn’t quite know what to say or how to explain his presence. He’s out of his healer robes- in plain tunic and trousers, nothing more. His hands fidget by his side and he bites his lower lip in doubt, eyes wide. Jeongguk only feels fond.“Junghyun told me you were leaving tomorrow,” Jimin says finally, voice soft and hollow, no emotion in it. “Is that true?”Jeongguk nods briskly. “At dawn. No sooner or later.”Jimin gulps, looking around the deck and the ship briefly, eyes staying on the sacrificial circle a moment more. “For the Sea Father?” When Jeongguk nods again, Jimin nods right back. “There- there is no way anything I say would stop you, is there?”His tone sounds wistful, hopeless; it hurts Jeongguk to hear it this way. He yearns to hear voices full of hope and cheer, even if fear is valid. “Not really, no.”Jimin’s face falls slightly, lips pursed even as they wobble, his eyes moist. He takes several deep breaths before nodding again, shoving a shaking hand into his trouser pocket and retrieving a pouch. He loosens the knot, stepping close and taking Jeongguk’s hand, so familiar in his, so large, the contrast of them. He shakes the pouch upside down into it and out falls a thin silver chain, attached to which is a small locket with a pale gem in it. Upon closer inspection, Jeongguk realises it to be one of the rare ones- a moonstone.His throat closes up as he looks at it, small in his tan hand yet heavier than anything he’s ever held. Moonstones don’t come around easily or even cheap, and he can’t begin to imagine how much Jimin must have given to procure it for him.“Wear it, they’re meant to guide you, your heart and keep you safe at night when you’re at sea, according to Reader Seo,” Jimin says, voice trembling. A tear falls down his face. “Here, let me help you,” he offers, when Jeongguk seems frozen at the spot, unable to understand the knot in his chest.Jimin takes the locket gently from his palm, leaning close to put it around Jeongguk, having to rise on his toes a little to do so. Doing so brings in the waft of sage and tangerine and at last, Jeongguk takes a deep inhale, his own breath shuddering, eyes watering. When Jimin’s done clasping it, the moonstone rests against the hollow of his neck, inconspicuous but cool against his skin. He might not even notice it on busier days, and its small size ensured it wouldn’t be ripped off his throat by any thief.“Jimin…I don’t- I don’t know what to say,” Jeongguk chokes out, voice rough. His anger and betrayal are gone; all he feels is gratefulness and a tinge of regret for his best friend. His brother by name.“Come back to me,” Jimin says, his tears gushing out as he stares at the moonstone and then Jeongguk. “Just come back home, that’s all I ask of you. I- I don’t care if an eye is missing or a leg, as long as that heart of yours beats in your chest, and you know who you are. Just come back. Don’t put me through the nightmare of losing you.”“I will come back, Park Jimin,” Jeongguk whispers fiercely, the night around them silent, the moon shining bright. It feels like there’s something in the air that shimmer and lies in wait. “I promise.”The shimmer seems to sigh and leave as if it were waiting for Jeongguk’s promise.Perhaps he shouldn’t have said something so bold, but he owed it to Jimin. Owed it to his love, care and his tragedy, owed it to survive if only so he could set foot in Sunsong again to embrace his friend again. He supposes it’s the sentimentality of the moment; he can’t very well be realistic with Jimin right now.It seems to appease Jimin anyhow, who wipes his eyes and then nods at the fish. “Go on then, offer the sacrifice before the moon crosses its mark.” Jeongguk nods and turns, picking up the knife and the lionfish, placing the knife at the gill. He feels better about the moment with Jimin at his side than he did a couple of moments ago; he wishes with a pang that Yoongi and Seokjin were there too.In one smooth glide, he slits the fish sideways and holds it away from him, the blood splattering weakly on the deck, pale pink and watery thin. He places it in the centre and steps away from the inner circle, muttering the hymn for the Sea Father as he goes around the circle once. Then he picks the fish up and throws it with a powerful swing into the ocean as a meal for the others the Sea Father guided and gave life to.With that, he washes his hands and then goes to hug Jimin properly, who doesn’t seem to want to leave him alone. He needs his rest before a long journey, so he guides the two of them down below the deck into the captain’s cabin, where there is a bed against the wall. It’s small, but for the two of them it’s no matter; they’ve been cuddling to sleep for as long as Jeongguk can remember. In the darkness of the cabin offset by the glimmers of the moon, Jeongguk tells him off Angye, of the Munwang stranger and what he first planned to do. Jimin surprisingly keeps hush, as if he’s accepted Jeongguk’s choice and path.They fall asleep like that, both too tired to stay up even though that’s what they want, to bask in each other’s friendship until the morning, but their bodies call to them. He awakes a few hours later, the night still underway but the skies lightening ever so slowly, the promise of dawn an hour or so away.He tries not to disturb Jimin as he prepares, but the lack of him rouses Jimin from sleep, and he watches blearily as Jeongguk changes and checks his supplies. When it is closer to dawn, he follows Jeongguk up the deck, both halting and milking the last few moments.Jimin stills looks sad, and like this, Jeongguk can admit that he’s scared too. It catches up to him a little when the anger has melted, and he looks at Jimin’s face wondering when (or the feared ‘if’) he’d see him again.“It’s time, I think,” Jimin whispers, voice almost hoarse. Jeongguk can only nod, and Jimin hugs him one more time, tight and crushing before he turns away swiftly, not letting Jeongguk see the tears surely falling down his face. He stops at the ladder with a gasp, however, and moves sideways to show Yoongi and Seokjin at the bottom.Jeongguk feels one part of his heart cave at the sight of them, his mentors and chosen family. Both climb up the deck; Seokjin carrying a covered basket while Yoongi just stands.“You brat,” Seokjin starts, stepping in to embrace Jeongguk, the basket digging into his side. “You didn’t even think of telling us when you were leaving?”“I didn’t think you’d care,” Jeongguk replied, his voice shaking even as Seokjin pulls back and places the basket into his hands, uncovering it to show more preserved food and neatly packed herbs, perhaps the rarer ones that would help in harsher injuries.Jeongguk looks away from it and meets Yoongi’s eyes, which are still expressionless, though not so full of rage and icy coolness anymore. He places the basket on the ground and steps closer to his master, looming over him by several inches.“Junghyun told you?” He asks, waiting patiently. Yoongi would break eventually.“He’s been telling the whole town; they send their blessings and pity,” Seokjin replies behind him. Jeongguk almost smiles, a near sort of acceptance blooming in his heart. “Your parents…I’m not sure if they’ll come.”“That’s okay. As long as they know.” It does hurt to hear, especially when he thinks about the last time he saw his mother, but sacrifices were hard. “Just tell them I love them and I miss them, alright? And tell Mother I did the sacrifice too, and I’m wearing her chain-”He finds himself pulled forward and practically crushed against Yoongi’s wiry frame, his skin cool to touch but oh so comforting, an embrace he’s only had the honour of a few times. He wraps his own arms around Yoongi and rests his chin on Yoongi’s head, something the elder abhors, but he lets it go this time because no reprimand follows.The silence is telling enough; Jeongguk knows Yoongi. Knows he means the same as Jimin and Seokjin and won’t waste words on it. Yoongi moves his lips to Jeongguk’s ears.“I have faith in you, kid. May the Sea Father bless you.”It’s short, but it’s enough. It’s all Jeongguk needed from Yoongi- faith, hope and courage, which he’d felt almost bereft of in the past few weeks. He holds out his arms and gathers Jimin and Seokjin as well into the hug, crushing them to his body, taking in their collective, comforting scents and memorising them. He can feel Jimin’s tears, Yoongi’s growing discomfort with the closeness and Seokjin’s warmth, and for that moment, he’s grateful he had that before he left.He takes a step back and nods, wiping his own eyes, catching the escaping tears, He would miss them with his body, heart and soul. “I’ll come back. I promised Jiminie.”Yoongi laughs, a dry cat-like chuckle. “A brash brat. But maybe that brashness will get you back.” He claps Jeongguk on his back once before stepping to move away. Seokjin pats his cheek and leaves as well, and Jimin trembles but nods, pressing his moonstone once before climbing down.With a heavy heart but a light mind, he sets to unfurl the rope tethering the ship to the post and free the sails, setting the ship’s compass and spreading the map before him.With hope in heart filling in, Jeongguk sets assail for Angye and his first adventure at the sea.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Four|
 The waters are calm as Jeongguk steers the ship forward, pushing through the gentle waves like he has so many times before. This is the part he enjoys a lot about sea travel: the beginning, the push against the current, the pace building slowly as the sails pick up and flutter with the wind. To mark the journey as his quest, the sails show the Sinwang Royal Crest on one side and Sunsong’s crest on the other, and he feels a moment of pride as he watches it flap.There is still, however, a rawness left behind in his chest as he watches the Sunsong port drift further away, the docks left behind and the figures of the three most important people in his life getting smaller until they are tiny specks. It’s with difficulty that Jeongguk turns away and faces the seascape in front of him, allowing the familiar ebbing of the waves to match his body’s rhythm. He loves the way the sky lightens behind while it’s yet to catch up to the sea in front.There’s a certain peace at sea that beats anything on land, the freedom and the quiet that rings loud around him. Though he’s all alone on the ship, he revels in the solitude after the last couple of harrowing weeks. In a gesture most familiar to him, he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath in, the tinge of salt making its way through with each breath as the feeling of home settles in.According to the map, Angye is to the north-east of Sinwang with a distance even larger than the one between Munwang to the west. His compass- the working one, Yoongi’s special one is still inside his cabin- points steadily to the direction he wishes to go. He’d have to go further south before he makes a turn and comes upon the course that led to Angye; in his one year as an apprentice, Jeongguk surprisingly never edged too close to the land, too wary of the tales he had heard and how the Academy teachers talked about it with a certain disdain.As he sets course and times the arrival point at the turning, he sits down on one of the benches he’d built on the deck, taking in the morning and letting the serenity settle around him. At last, he takes to thinking about Angye, to recall all that he had read, learnt and heard through the years. All Jeongguk knows from his history lessons and Yoongi’s apprenticeship is that it is a small country with an excess of healers, its trade laying in healing herbs which were hard to find elsewhere or come in easy access. Sinwang didn’t have any animosity towards Angye; it rarely did with most countries, except maybe Munwang every once in a blue moon, and those too were diplomatic tensions that were solved with visits by royal emissaries.No, Angye was the other sister country that was talked about in whispers and wary eyes. When Jeongguk had been small, he’d listen to the older children at the Academy tell the stories of monsters and creatures beyond human imagination thriving in the lands, the likes of which were unheard of. As he grew older and the classes dwelled on history and political relations, he understood the reason Angye’s herbs and healers were in high demand- because there was something different about the place and its people; the rumours suggested that the people of Angye followed the Old Ways- meaning, magic and sorcery. Angye kept itself protected and sheltered, opening only a small route for trade and nothing else. It had been skimmed over in his lessons and now, Jeongguk was on his way over.It made the excitement and nervousness clash together in his blood, the promise of a challenge and the fear of it going wrong singing to his heart in an almost violent dance, sloshing in the pit of his stomach. Jeongguk wishes he’d known more about this strange land, for now, he was going in clueless. He didn’t know if he was scared of the land or the people he would meet…but he had his doubts. He’d grown up with magic being looked down upon; it felt wrong to seek out something with hints of it in a foreign land all alone. And yet, here he was, on his own ship, doing just that because ultimately, he was tracking a supposed creature of the supernatural.Maybe it would serve him to drop his fears and doubts over something as blasé as magic if the Siren was real.An hour into the moving shadows of the sundial, Jeongguk begins to feel the familiar restlessness that accompanies him when he has nothing to do. If the instructions to reaching Angye were correct- he had at least three more turns around the sundial before he’d reach the turning point, and then another two turns north-ward to reach the Angye Port. By sea travel distances, it wasn’t much time, but everything had been such a hurry since he dared to even dream of a quest- that the wait seems unbearable.He fixes some of the kinks on the ship, before eating the first meal of his journey and retiring to his cabin. The sun shines bright in the sky, making the air hotter, and once again Jeongguk is grateful for the sea breeze filtering in through his cabin windows. He chooses to begin making notes in his logbook, a brand new notebook encased in leather and smelling of lavender, though he’s not sure how. He hopes he can keep his promise and come back to Sunsong if only so he can deposit this book in the library and give hope to future sea travellers and quest takers.It’s almost midday when he reaches the turning point, the sun burning hot in the middle of the skies, nearly singeing Jeongguk’s skin from its kiss. He winces when he holds the steering wheel, taking the careful, precise turns as instructed, and keeping track with his compass. It’s delicate work, the way the process is meant to be done, and the strain burns in his muscles. The turn is particularly dangerous, the waters dense and difficult to steer ships in, and Jeongguk certainly feels it. The focus breaks only when the final turn is made and Jeongguk wipes the sweat collected on his forehead, letting the breeze dry his body.He checks the compass again and keeps track of the sundial, the shadows moving steadily across its surface. The ship begins to pick up speed now that he’s cleared the turn, and clearly, the waters that belong to the Angye naval border are somehow better, smooth and calm, the ship gliding across the surface. The eagerness builds in his bones along with the speed, and Jeongguk notices the slight decrease in temperature as he keeps travelling northward. He’d heard of Angye’s cooler climate in the reports, though certainly not as cold as Munwang’s was supposed to be.Faster than he can anticipate, he begins to see the markings of land approach, the odd birds flying above head, some carrying leaves and twigs from what he can make out. The waters become slower as they often do when nearing a landmass, and Jeongguk keeps his eyes trained steadily ahead. Before he can count till thirty, he begins to see what he thinks is the Port at Angye. Smaller boats dot the waters in front of him, and it’s a small port, not as large as Sunsong’s. It almost looks abandoned with how empty it feels even at the distance he is; there is none of the bustle that Sunsong is prone to.He steers closer, entering the narrow stretch of the docks that are empty as well, no boats or ships lying in wait. Jeongguk shivers as the wind blows in intervals, raising goosebumps on his skin. It feels eerie, the way the lack of sea life or people creeps upon him, but he pushes on, finding a post to tie his ship to and set anchor at last.Facing the town ahead feels strange- given how bereft of people it looks. At once, Jeongguk can tell the vast differences between Sunsong and Angye- or whatever this region was called. Where Sunsong was vibrant and loud with throngs of people working and milling about, Angye is too quiet, enough that it feels discerning to his ears. As he locks his cabin and carries the travel documents and pins the royal badge onto his tunic, Jeongguk feels small in a way he never has before. Angye is clean, that he can make out, but much greener as well, boasting of tall trees that Sunsong only has towards its borders further away. He marvels at them, avoiding the curious eyes of the locals who simply sit around chatting, making no moves towards him.He realises too late that he’s a stranger in a new country and doesn’t know where to go. There aren’t many readable signs displaying directions to the main offices or any sort of Angye Guild if they have their own version of it, and the smallness reduces to a point as the helplessness begins to take over. The signs which he does find are in the Angyen script and there are no world tongue equivalents to it, which is strange because Angye was a strange sister country but it still had a small trade route, why did they not think of travellers?Jeongguk thinks his anxiety must have been palpably clear, for a local does near him, old and portly. He says something to Jeongguk in a language that falls apart in his head, and all Jeongguk can do is stare blankly at him. The man realises the barrier between them and clears his throat, taking a few moments before familiar syllables of the world tongue slip out, and Jeongguk sighs with relief.“Who are you?” The man asks gruffly. His hair is white and his stomach shows his beloved drinking habit, and he’s much, much shorter than Jeongguk.“Hello, sire, I am- Jeon Jeongguk. I am from Sinwang,” Jeongguk replies, unsure about everything he just said but going ahead anyway. It was time to stop looking for the safe path, after all. “I am looking for- an office? An official of the sea trade. Would you happen to know where they could be?”The man blinks long, like Jeongguk being a traveller is a shock. Which couldn’t be more obvious, seeing as how Angye people look slightly different, their eyes turned downwards and their skin a mix of pale and yellow. Like mellow sunlight. Jeongguk stands in stark contrast with his golden tan and long build, a marker of prized Sunsong characteristics.The man clears his throat again after a few uncomfortable moments have passed. “I am the dockmaster. In charge of the trade,” he says, the lilt in his world tongue different, leaning towards possible Angye tones. Nevertheless, it’s clear. “You are from Sinwang?”Jeongguk nods. “Yes. I am a traveller. I’ve come to Angye for information on a quest I’m undertaking.” He doesn’t know if he’s revealing too much, but he’s on his own now. It would be trial and error from hereon. “Am I supposed to show you my badge and documents for verification?”The man looks increasingly confused like he’s never dealt with things in such an official way. Jeongguk wonders briefly how trade was conducted with Angye because they seemed like a simple, almost lax people; unaware of the intricacies of trade and travel work, even their own. The man nods and then beckons Jeongguk forward, leading him down a path lined with trees that provide a dense sort of shade. It is cool enough that Jeongguk shivers in his tunic and trousers, regretting not getting the thin wool jacket Seokjin had gifted him once. He also feels fear at the unknown surroundings, the trees foreign and threatening with the way they loom over the path. The man does not seem bothered as he leads Jeongguk further away from the docks, and in his mind, he prays to the Sea Father to keep his ship safe and away from looters.His fears don’t amount to anything, however, when he comes upon a wooden cabin of sorts, brightly lit and homely. The stark difference between houses and offices in Sunsong versus this part of Angye hit more. The insides of the cabin are designed well, though it’s clear that it’s not a home.“This is my office. My home is upstairs,” the man volunteers. He waddles towards the oak table set in the middle that’s littered with a number of papers and paperweights. The messiness of it itches under Jeongguk’s skin. “Now sit. What can I do for you?”Jeongguk refrains from rolling his eyes and instead dutifully withdraws the papers from his tunic pockets and unpins the badge, placing it on the table. The man takes the badge carefully, finger probing the metal crest of Sinwang etched on it. He places it gently and reaches for the travel papers written in the standard world tongue script, which guarantees Jeongguk’s trade as a traveller as well as the authenticity of his origins and intentions. The man goes over it for a long time, enough that Jeongguk can’t help but bounce his leg restlessly.“So you are on a quest,” the man says at last, peering at Jeongguk over half-moon spectacles, which makes him wonder if all old men have the same set, reminded as he is of the Guild Head. “And you have been told Angye has answers.”“Yes.”“Is there proof of this…rumour?”Jeongguk shakes his head no. There’s no tangible anything. Jeongguk’s pinned everything on a wild hope and dream. “A trader from Munwang suggested that there are…people or elements who are aware of the…thing I’m seeking. It was my only option, so I made my way here.”The man hums, placing the papers back, a finger scratching under his skin. He looks deep in thought, and Jeongguk just wishes he’d hurry up, though, on second thoughts, he doesn’t understand why he is in such a hurry.“We usually open Angye for trading only, young man,” the man says after a moment. Jeongguk feels his heart seize a little at the implications of the statement. “We’ve rarely had…explorers.”“Is there a rule against that?” Jeongguk dares to ask, hoping against hope that he’s proven wrong. “I can assure you I don’t intend to cause any trouble to your lands or people, or any harm. I need a few days to find out if the rumour holds sustenance. If not, I shall be on my way. This I can give you my word on.”The man frowns, still peeking curiously at Jeongguk like he’s some enigma and not just another human being. Then, he shrugs.“There is no rule. It has been a while since people took interest in Angye beyond its herbs, which is all.” The man rises up, and Jeongguk stands with him. “My name is Yuri, and I was worried that a young man like you was travelling alone to our port. Most traders have a crew. I had to check.”“As it was required. It was no trouble for me.” A few moments pass, and then, “but would you happen to know this thing I’m searching for? Or people who may know more?”Yuri leads him out of the cabin and walks beside him. He pulls out a pouch from his pocket, out of which comes a rolled paper, which he begins to chew. The overwhelming smell of tobacco fills Jeongguk’s nostrils, who scrunches his nose. He hated those things, uncommon as they were in Sunsong. Yuri pays no heed. “I am sure there are people. But we are not very close people. Keep to ourselves, tend to our herbs and sell them enough to have food in our stomachs. You may find more in the inner dwellings where people converge in tighter circles.”Jeongguk nods, taking in the information. He knew it wasn’t meant to be easy, but at least it was something. He understands that he would have to leave his ship on the docks and trust that Yuri wouldn’t let it be trashed or looted from. The idea of it made fear bubble in the pit of his stomach.The man leaves Jeongguk at the entrance to the docs, waving goodbye without a second glance, telling him to behave well and be well. There’s a certain sort of distance the people of Angye maintain, Jeongguk notices, in a way that’s foreign to him, what with the people of Sunsong being overly involved in others’ lives. Most of the time that camaraderie was good, but as his last few weeks depicted, it could also be unbearable.Still, it makes something in him ache, the way the solitude follows him around like a ghost.He makes his way back to his ship, choosing to start afresh tomorrow morning while he rested in familiar surroundings and the smell of Sinwang teak and wood polish. He eats the second meal quite ravenously, glad that Seokjin had brought in more food during the goodbye. Clearly, he had underestimated his own appetite.When the night comes, Jeongguk opts to sleep on the deck, watching the stars in the sky. He feels the familiar tiredness ache in his bones, yet his mind can’t quiet down. There are no thoughts of doom, but a curiosity for what tomorrow would bring. Would he find answers to pursue the Siren, or would he have to return home with shame trailing after him? Was he brave enough to recklessly travel the seas in search, or would he keep his promise to Jimin and go back?There are many questions, but he doesn’t feel them as much as he had before. They go through his mind until his eyes close off their own accord, and he wakes to a pinkening sky, a chill so strong in his bones he thinks he’ll never thaw out. He stretches when he feels ready enough to, jumping up and down to urge warmth under his skin. He goes about his routine, brushing his teeth and washing with a washcloth, such was the life of a sea traveller: days spent without a proper bath, the scent of the sea woven deep along with the salt and the sweat, Jeongguk obsessively lighting scented candles and burning herb pods to soothe his own sensitive nostrils. If he found a common bathhouse in Angye, he would be the most grateful.He locks everything as tightly as he can, to make sure that even if looters came by, they wouldn’t find anything worth stealing, the only cost being his beautiful ship, which he would mourn. That was another thing Yoongi had taught him: the sea traveller trade was rife with risks, and intuition was the saviour. Intuition and faith, for the seas were merciless, and people honed by her were resilient and impossible to break or scare. Jeongguk had joked then if this applied to him since he was from Sunsong, but Yoongi had levelled him such an unimpressed, cold look that he had shut up.He supposes the risks he would be taking henceforth would be more telling of the applicability of the stories and the lessons.He makes his way out on the main docks, a traveller bag on his side consisting of a second set of clothes, his money pouch and his documents. Somehow, he manages to find the way to the town dwellings of the region, where he finds a souvenir shop that sold drawn maps of the Angyen landscape. Jeongguk thanks the man profusely in world tongue, feeling relieved that he had some tangible guidance. As he walked down the streets, he notices the differences almost immediately. Angye’s houses were small but wide, made of wood as compared to Sunsong’s brick, and with thatched roofs- though far from shabby. There was a homely feel to the current town he was in, though there were still few people. Jeongguk wonders what the population was in Angye, desolated as it felt.He doesn’t know where to start and wanders about, stopping every few moments to carefully refer to the map and translate it to world tongue using the pocket dictionary that he bought at the same store. It is a headache-inducing task, enough that Jeongguk takes a break and changes his goal to find the nearest bar or tavern- which, to his dismay, he finds is not as popular as they are in Sunsong. It’s empty upon entering, with few old patrons milling about, all curiously turning towards him before going back to their various entertainments.Jeongguk orders the local mead, and almost scrunches his nose at the bitter-sour taste before he realises that the owner is looking at him. He gives a nod and a weak smile, hoping it’s appeasing enough.It’s strange to realise how different a country and culture can be in the smallest of ways.He doesn’t know where to start, but paying heed to the advice given by the dockmaster, Jeongguk approaches the table full of old men playing a game involving black and white stones with full concentration. He would hate to disturb the flow of the game, but he’s a stranger and he needs answers.Pleasantly tipsy as he feels, the courage to ask flows through his veins. He clears his throat and asks politely in world tongue, surprised to find that the men know the language, and moments later, Jeongguk has stones of his own and a spot at the table.“You’re in Angye for a quest?” One of the old men asks, accent thick and curling around the syllables. It’s a little difficult for Jeongguk to follow, but he tries his best.“Information on it, yes.” He flicks a black stone carefully across the board, cleaning removing his opponent’s white one off it. “Say, you wouldn’t happen to know of an old woman living around here, would you?”That’s how he starts. The man looks quizzically at him, some make knowing hums and some shake their heads. Jeongguk keeps his face curious and welcoming, hoping his youth and traveller wonder would be enough to keep the men from getting too suspicious. He thinks he’s worrying far too much about being seen as an enemy because Angye and its people, it turns out, really don’t see any threats in foreigners. It’s not to say they are trusting, but rather, too aloof to really care. The men confirm rumours but have no idea of any location, one of them going as far to say, rather ominously, that people don’t find the lady unless she wants to be found.“Is she some sort of…witch?” Jeongguk ventures, keeping his expression stoic. They have long given up on the game, instead choosing to drink that horrible mead. He doesn’t want to sound too accusing or disgusted if Angye is a country that practices the Old Ways, but the men only shrug.“No one knows. We shelter many people here and we keep out of their way. That is why people come to Angye, after all.”“To hide?”“Amongst other reasons. We don’t question.”It’s a crisp answer, not revealing or foreboding. It is strange how casually the Angye people reveal that they may very well harbour all sorts of people and not take any actions. How has it remained safe against diplomatic missions and war threats?Whatever it is that gives Angye its mysterious air, Jeongguk knows he won’t get answers drinking away at the tavern. The mead sits unpleasantly in his stomach and he bides the men farewell, who welcome him for future games. He makes his way out of the tavern and finds himself facing quiet streets and moonlight brighter than any he’s ever seen guiding him down the path to the docks and his ship.He takes a few more days to read the maps, understand a bit of the Angye tongue and cover the town base. He even goes as far to take the risk of leaving his ship for longer durations and travel towards the town borders, unknown, dark and covered with trees and foliage, feeling nervousness boil in the pit of his stomach the whole way and back.The inner town dwellings are much the same: flatter houses with one floor, more woodwork than stone, clean and much too quiet. There is no hustle of the trade life, and Jeongguk wonders how the Angye people earn their living, how it’s king or queen keeps the country running. Perhaps it is the region itself and the rest of the land might be thriving differently, but after spending some four turns around the sundial walking about and asking questions, Jeongguk is sure this is what Angye is like. He’s also sure that the entire region must be knowing about him by now and wary of him, a young stranger asking questions about a lady that may very well not exist and be a creation of a myth, like the Siren. The Munwang man had told him it was a rumour, so there’s no doubt that Jeongguk might be a bit mad pursuing this with fruitless returns.On his fourth day, however, Jeongguk gets a glimmer of hope.The day starts as it has been for the past four, Jeongguk waking up to dawn ascending much too early than the one he’s used to, given that Angye is closer to the East, washing up in his cabin and arranging his belongings, having a light meal and keeping track of his food and resources. Then he starts the walk into the town that’s become familiar to him by now, the dockmaster greeting him each morning. Today, however, he chooses to visit the tavern, tired at the prospect of facing a day without results. He doesn’t feel confident in exploring all of Angye, feels caught in a limbo between choosing to do just that or call it a day and roam around the seas, unknown and bereft.Even the mead has settled onto his tongue, and internally, Jeongguk feels a derisive laugh build. All this, just to be stuck anyway. Would the quest ever come to fruition?He partakes in the use of his precious money to have stew at the tavern itself, something that he finds far more delicious than the mead. It is soupy and has fish, a dish nothing like the one he is used to but homely all the same. The barkeeper’s wife serves it to him with a warm pat on his cheek, a warm smile on her face the only thing that makes Jeongguk dig in without letting his mood ruin a hot meal.It is here that he feels someone sit next to him, which is a first- the town he is in has so few people that the presence of space feels loud. Most people are not close, choosing to keep distance and to themselves- unless they are good friends.Jeongguk inhales his stew and promptly chokes it out when he turns to face his new neighbour. It’s a man, a young man, a rarity in these parts- so far, he’s only seen older adults milling about, another reason he feels loneliness claw at him. Sunsong was full of people like him, so it never felt empty- Angye just feels too alone.His neighbour, as Jeongguk assesses in recovering from choking, is young, broad and tall- quite tall, in fact, even more so than Jeongguk. His skin is a strange golden, nothing like Jeongguk’s tan or the mellow sunlight of the Angye people- just strange, almost other-worldly, though Jeongguk doesn’t want to think that. Doesn’t want to accept a world where things other than humans can exist. Ironic, considering he’s searching for a mythical sea monster.The man is beautiful too, in a way that further accentuates the doubt of human-ness that Jeongguk feels. His hair is tinted purple, almost mauve, which is the strangest thing Jeongguk has ever faced in his life- Sunsong and the people of Sinwang mostly had hair in tones of deep brown and black, though he’d heard that nobles in the Sinwang capital had stranger fashion. But it’s obvious that the stranger isn’t from Sinwang, his eyes neither shaped like the Angye locals nor Munwang even. It is almost familiar to his people but it feels wrong, or rather- different.Jeongguk has been staring far too long.“May I help you with something?” He finally asks, mopping the spilt stew around his bowl and checking to see if there’s some on his clothes. Thankfully, they’re clean.“I heard you were looking for my mistress,” the man answers, his speech without any intonation, too plain and clear. There’s none of the Angye lilt, and it almost feels detached, cold if not for the fact that the man doesn’t look hostile.The man also doesn’t offer a name, Jeongguk notices but expects him to answer. Jeongguk feels the hair on his arm raise a bit, in a warning or in retreat, he doesn’t know.“Mistress?”“Yes. There are rumours of a young man from a foreign country seeking an old lady, who would happen to be my mistress. Are you that man?”The man doesn’t look threatened or deterred by Jeongguk’s display of cautiousness, only looking increasingly curious. Jeongguk doesn’t know how to proceed, what answer to give. He has a lead, but he doesn’t know who this man is, how obviously he is a foreigner just as much as Jeongguk is, yet no one bats an eye-lid at his presence.“So there are rumours in Angye as well,” Jeongguk replies, not confirming if he is the man or not. Not until he has a reason to.The man shrugs, the first human gesture he makes. “We are a few people. We look out for our own.” The implication is clear. Jeongguk may have thought that the people are too aloof, but perhaps there is a different system of communication that he is not privy to. “Are you or not? Else I shall treat it as a rumour and return.”In his tone, still neutral, Jeongguk notices a subtle ultimatum. Now is his chance or else he would be stuck in the same spot. Safety was not the first option in the traveller trade and certainly not when a quest was involved.“I am,” Jeongguk answers, biting his tongue, hoping that he’s not led to a dead end and his death. “I am seeking someone I was told would help me on my quest. I was told they would be here.”The man looks at Jeongguk carefully, neutral and blank. The lack of an offered name itches at Jeongguk, but he is, in a way, at the stranger’s mercy. For information, but still.The man looks for a good while before nodding swiftly, leaving a gold coin that appears out of nowhere on the counter, the wife coming to take it reverently. His chin is set and when he stands, Jeongguk almost chokes again at just how tall he is. He makes his way towards the tavern door and then stops, looking back at Jeongguk quizzically while Jeongguk remains seated, confused.“Are you not going to follow?”Jeongguk scrambles, leaving his own coin and thanking the lady profusely. “Are we going somewhere?”The man sighs. “I am taking you to meet my mistress since you are so interested.” He pushes through the door and Jeongguk blinks at the bright midday sun while the man simply puts up the hood of his robe, a rich royal purple the likes of which Jeongguk’s never seen before. He assesses Jeongguk again top to bottom, and Jeongguk feels small under his gaze. “I am assuming your belongings are wherever you are residing currently?”Jeongguk nods. “My ship- it’s at the docks.”The man sighs again, as if the docks are an inconvenience, but gestures at Jeongguk to lead the way, walking at a pace much too fast for Jeongguk to keep up with easily. “We have a long way to go. My mistress lives further inland. You’ll have to pack some resources.”Jeongguk stumbles over a rock. “Inland?”“The woods beyond the inner dwellings, closer to the border. About a day’s journey, we will have to go by horse. I’m sure there will be one for you at the stables near the border.”The information feels like a whirlwind in his mind. Jeongguk has so many questions but decides to wait; he needs to process all that the stranger has said. He’s never used the horses much, with most places in Sunsong being accessible by foot and him never having had the need to travel to the border or anywhere in Sinwang for that matter. Owning a horse was a sign of luxury, and the nobles used to have them, he remembers. His father used to rent a horse for his day journeys to the border towns for selling fish, and would always complain about the pain in his lower back.They reach the docks faster than anticipated, the man nodding at Jeongguk to pick what he needed. Jeongguk does that, packing some food and a spare set of clothes, his medical kit, his compass and his map into the satchel. At the very last moment, something tells him to carry the broken compass Yoongi had given him, locked as it was in his cabin for days. He touches the moonstone on his neck briefly as if borrowing courage from it. He packs away his blankets and locks his cabin door, hiding the rest of his money in a secret vault under the cabin floorboards.He feels something catch in his throat as he makes his way through the deck and then down; he’s leaving his ship for a certifiably longer duration than his other adventures. So far it has remained untouched and unaddressed, no one bothered or worried about a stranger’s ship on their isolated decks, small but grand when compared to the state of their sea vehicles.  He approaches the stranger, each step heavier as he gets further away from the ship.Surprisingly, the man notices.“You seem nervous,” the man observes. He remains to wait, not setting off like Jeongguk thought he would, what with all the sighs and bored expression on his face.Jeongguk takes a chance again. “It’s my ship…I’ll be leaving it for a long time. I’m worried a bit.”The man gives a smile if the quirk of his lips on his otherwise blank face can be called as such. “You have nothing to fear. People of Angye are not thieves.”Jeongguk raises an eyebrow at the confidence in the man. “You seem sure.”“Look around you,” the man says. Jeongguk casts a swift glance. Empty and large. “We are a few. We are honest people who follow the ways of the Healing Mother. We don’t have the thirst of city-states and kingdoms. Your ship will perhaps be the safest in Angye’s waters than any other.”Jeongguk has no choice but to trust the stranger’s word. He is a foreigner in a country that’s talked about little; it would do him well not to cast an eye of judgement over it. His cheeks heat at the man’s reprimand, knowing he flouted one of the first lessons Yoongi had taught him: when in a foreign land, accept it as it was and to not feel superior over it. The man sets off and Jeongguk hastily follows, chastising himself for forgetting such a basic rule.He doesn’t question the man on the Healing Mother, the name strange on his tongue and beyond the pantheon of gods he is familiar with. Jeongguk wonders if she is the deity of the Old Ways and thus important, and probably why she was scrapped off their history books.The walk to the inner dwellings is familiar enough, but the man walks on ahead of the tavern and the sparse living quarters, taking a narrow path off the main road and into the woods. Immediately the sun’s harsh rays are covered by the thick canopy of the trees, and Jeongguk shivers as the temperature dips in the absence of the sun. He puts on his coat, thankful that he thought of bringing it along. He trails close after the man, feet nearly touching the back of his with each step. His vision struggles to adjust to the low lighting, worried that he might trip over a rock or a branch, but the man seems to have no such concerns, each step full of assurance and clarity.They walk for so long that Jeongguk forgets to even check on the sundial, useless as it is without the sun. He feels his feet and legs hurt, the strap of the bag chafing against his skin despite the layers of clothes, and he is all ready to whine when the man stops suddenly, Jeongguk nearly walking into his back. He stops himself from crashing just in time.Gathering the senses of his surroundings, he realises he’s much further inside than he’d anticipated, trees and bushes for miles around him. They have stopped at the edge of the road, rough but worn down from walking rather than civilisation making a bath, and an almost run down stable that looks like it would fall with the smallest gust of wind.The man whistles as if calling out to someone. Nothing happens for a moment until the door of the stable quarters shakes open and a tired man comes out, covered in straw and smelling faintly of horse dung. Jeongguk’s nose twitches.The stableman hacks out something in Angyen, rough and bored, to which Jeongguk’s companion replies something in the same but his words smoother and softer. The sharp contrast is vivid and impressive to Jeongguk, who wishes he could understand what was going on. The stableman finally waves something and goes inside, shutting the door with force so strong Jeongguk fears for the stable’s structure. The man steps forward and leaves a silver coin- again, appearing almost out of nowhere, the sleeves of his robe are so big- and then gestures at Jeongguk to follow him, leading him towards the back of the stable house where there is a horse already waiting, tied to the pole. The man pats her neck briefly before leaving to go inside. Jeongguk chooses to remain out, nervous around the horse that seems to be looking at him with almost human-like intelligence. He hears some soft words and neighs before the man is leading another of the creatures outside, black as midnight and just as clean.“This is Kafka,” the man says without preamble, smoothening the creature’s neck and feeding it an apple, again procured out of nowhere. Maybe Jeongguk should stop denying the presence of magic here. “She will be your ride for the journey. You do not have to fear her; she is well-trained and behaved. A marvel to ride on.”Jeongguk nods, decidedly incapable of speaking anymore it seems. He approaches the horse carefully, warily even, hands shaking as he raises it to pet her softly. Kafka flinches a bit before getting comfortable, leaning into his touch. A warm burst of happiness blooms in his chest as he gets familiar, the nervousness melting away.“Have you not dealt with horses before?” The man asks, curiosity evident in his tone. Jeongguk shakes his head no.“We don’t have many land-based animals in Sunsong. It’s a coastal region. Only have them at the border towns.” The man nods his head in understanding, moving to load his own horse with his meagre belongings with expert precision. Jeongguk feels courageous enough to know more. “What is your horse’s name?”The man glances up, perhaps not expecting Jeongguk to show interest. He smiles slightly, the expression making his otherworldly features beautiful. “Akashi. He doesn’t really belong to me but to the Healing Mother, but he likes my mistress and me well enough to keep close and come to us when we ask a favour from him.”It’s a strange name with strange syllables, but the horse is beautiful, chestnut brown to Kafka’s midnight black. And friendly too, apparently.The man ties up Jeongguk’s belongings and then helps him up into the saddle, teaching him to put his shoes through the stirrups and keep steady, keep relaxed or else the horse may go rogue, which is not something he would like. It almost sounds joking, the way the man warns him, which is a first in all of the afternoon he’s known him. For good measure the man ties Kafka’s reins to Akashi, to keep them close and following the other. Jeongguk is grateful for the meticulous patience because, despite the man’s warning, he feels trepidation at riding the creature, body so stiff he wonders if it would ache simply for how tightly he’s holding himself.It’s scary, the way the horses trot at a steady pace, calm and controlled. It’s a little strange for Jeongguk to be so high up off the ground, almost a little dizzy with the way he tries to adjust his vision to the trees around him and the ground, the steadily decreasing light as the darkness of the forest gathers around. He fists a hand around the moonstone necklace, a marker of something safe in his mind as they go along.Occasionally, the stranger comments on some of the herbs along the path they’ve chosen, shrubs and greenery the likes of which he’s never seen before. Jeongguk could swear that he seems some glowing, which shouldn’t be possible. There are fireflies milling about too, little buzzes of light zipping in and out of his vision. It’s interesting, learning more about Angye than any history book could ever hope to cover. This is what Sinwang trades with Angye for, and yet, talking about it is almost shunned. Jeongguk wonders if Jimin would know of some of the herbs or not and whether he uses them in his medical trade to heal his patients.Silence sets in every time they come to a sparse pocket of land or if Jeongguk asks the man questions about the mysterious mistress. It irks him a little, how he’s venturing into something new without any sort of information, which increases the nervousness more. He can only hope after a point that he’s not made a fool’s mistake and trusted blindly, and the man is not leading him to his death. What an unspectacular way to leave this world.The surroundings are completely dark by the time Jeongguk and the man stop, his eyes struggling to adjust. The man sets a weak trot for the horses and then, nearing a tree, ties them around a hook on its trunk. He takes out something that looks like a torch, and within moments, has it ablaze, the sudden light a welcome change, though it causes Jeongguk to see spots in front of his eyes. He blinks rapidly, noticing the slight headache growing around the edges of his head.The man begins to walk after removing the belongings from the horses, patting them and whispering something in Angyen, seemingly okay with leaving them alone and unguarded in the vast forest. Jeongguk wonders if the night would bring forth creatures he’s only ever heard of and whether the animals would be safe; the man is not as bothered, and Jeongguk has no choice but to follow him even deeper, using the light of the torch to trace the unfamiliar grass-laden path. It seems like forever in the day’s journey, but they reach their destination quite soon if the cabin in the middle of the forest is any indication.“We have arrived,” the man says, voice low and deep, hushed in respect. He’s pushed the hood of his robes down, his mauve hair looking a strange pink in the torchlight. He turns towards Jeongguk, his expression blank but his eyes carrying a hint of warning. “This is where my mistress lives. She is benevolent, but I must warn you- do not speak out of turn. Perhaps she will help you.”Jeongguk bites back a remark of how he had travelled all the way only to have the information he craved rely on ifs and maybes. He reminds himself that he is in a foreign land, practically in the middle of nowhere and leagues away from his ship and a chance at escape, so it would heed him well if he listened to this stranger’s caution and kept his mouth shut.The path leading to the entrance of the cabin- large and warm-looking, similar to the structures he had seen in the port- is trodden and clearly walked upon enough to be worn down. The man leads them on and knocks gently on the door, waiting patiently before the door opens silently and reveals- no one.Jeongguk frowns, standing a little behind the man as he sees no lady behind the door to greet them or even inquire about him. The man does not seem bothered by this anomaly, walking inside confidently, Jeongguk scrambling to follow through. He welcomes the immediate warmth he feels, not having realised that the far cooler temperatures of Angye had almost made him numb, and the fire crackling inside the centre hearth feels like a boon from the gods. Jeongguk wants to sit near it but chooses to remain standing just inside, and flinches when the door shuts behind him- again, on its own, no one behind him to do so.It starts another strange itch both under his skin and in his mind and how abnormal it all feels.He takes a few breaths in and smells sharp spices and herbs in the air, and surveys the room at the same time, noticing how much larger it is inside as compared to how it looks from the outside and decorated in a homely way, perhaps the way Angyen people preferred their interiors. His eyes finally land at the figure in the corner of the room, towards the left over the central hearth, the man seated beside on a stool of sorts while the figure, its back towards him, seems to be standing over- some kind of a large vessel with bubbling liquid in it.A second gland lets him realise that this is the old lady he had been looking for- the lady who, in fact, does not look very old, not the way he had been imagining. As he inches slightly closer, he notices more details, sees the pale skin, a first for the people of Angye, and hair so blonde it could pass off as white except Jeongguk can see the yellow tinge to it. It’s long and glossy, left flowing down her back. Jeongguk’s gaze snaps up when the lady suddenly turns towards him and he sees bright blue eyes honed on him before they wink playfully.“Welcome to my home, young one,” she says, and Jeongguk is in awe, his attention captured by her very persona. Her voice is soothing and musical, a strange lilt to her words that are neither from Sunsong nor Angye, not from anywhere he’s heard of. There is a power to her in each movement she makes, as she swirls a large ladle into the vessel one last time and sets it aside, adding some herbs as garnish. The man gets up to take out three bowls, setting them by her workstation. “You must be hungry.”Jeongguk nods without even meaning to, his stomach growling loudly and embarrassingly enough to be audible throughout the room. He pats it hastily, heat building in his cheeks. The lady doesn’t seem to mind, however, eyes twinkling in delight as she takes the bowls and ladles the liquid from the vessel into them.  She tears off a few pieces of bread from a large loaf and sets them on a plate, beckoning Jeongguk forward with a crook of her fingers to indulge.It should be embarrassing, how out of control Jeongguk feels as his feet move on their own, as if following- something. He finds himself sitting on another one of the stools that he can swear he did not see before, the man sitting nearby while the woman partakes in her own meal. Feeling like he won’t immediately get the answer he had come for, Jeongguk takes a bite and- moans.He slaps a hand over his mouth but it is too late; the lady bursts out laughing while the man’s lips only quirk up in a half-smile as if Jeongguk’s reaction is expected.“Haven’t had a meal in a while?” The lady asks, her tone kind. Motherly even, in a way that makes Jeongguk miss his mother all of a sudden. He shovels in the soup to curb the sting of tears in his eyes.“Not a fresh meal, no. I was having the food I had packed for my journey. Preserved.”The lady clicks her tongue, looking at the man with a reproaching glance. “Ah, Namjoon. I thought I taught you better than that when it comes to seekers.”The man- or Namjoon, now that Jeongguk finally knows his name- ducks his head down, a sheepish grin on his face. It’s the first expression Jeongguk has seen and it stumps him a little. He had all his bets that the man did not know human expressions since he was most probably not human.“My apologies, Great Mother. I happened upon him by chance and thought I need not delay my return any longer.” Jeongguk raises his eyebrows at the salutation, eating more of the soup so his interest is not so obvious. He’s not good at hiding his expressions.Great Mother waves off his apologies, unconcerned. She doesn’t seem like the formidable woman Namjoon had warned him about, but Jeongguk still doesn’t ask like he wishes to. He lets himself be assessed instead as the lady looks at him deeply, in a way that makes him squirm in his seat. He shovels in the food faster, welcoming the heat of it on his tongue and in his stomach, filling fuller and more energised by the moment.Once finished, Namjoon takes the bowls away and tinkers around somewhere in the room, while the woman turns her body and attention towards Jeongguk. Facing the full brunt of her gaze, he can feel the layers of power coming off her, in a way that almost makes his breath hitch.“What are you here for, young man?” She asks, her gaze focused but not unkind in the least.“I…wait, is your name really Great Mother?” Jeongguk asks, feeling the curiosity coursing through him too strong. He hears Namjoon snort in the back, which makes the heat bloom again. He should have minded his tongue. “I mean no offence, Great Mother.”The woman only smiles, her expression fond. “It is no wrong done. No, it is not. I don’t go by any name. This is the title the people of Angye have bestowed upon me.”Jeongguk frowns. “So what do they call you otherwise?”She only shrugs. “I am nameless. Where I come from…names have power.” She doesn’t elaborate more, no hint on where she’s from or how old she is. Jeongguk purses his lips, dissatisfied, and the lady seems to notice that, only quirking her lips. “Now tell me what you are here for?” She repeats the question.He thinks she asks for the sake of formality, for there’s something in her gaze that tells him she already knows. There is wisdom in her eyes, in her very aura; wisdom the kind that humans can never possess. He feels it in his bones that she’s not like him or his kind, perhaps the same kind that Namjoon seemed to be from, but far, far older.“I want to look for a creature in the seas. It goes by the name of the Siren.” His suspicions are confirmed when the lady only nods, a wistful smile on her face. “It is a threat to our seas- I want to be the first to vanquish it and make our trade routes safer.”She keeps looking at him, almost imploring at him and it makes him feel seen as if her very gaze is unravelling all his layers and seeing all the way beneath. “I thought as much. But tell me, young one. Why do you really want to find this creature?”Jeongguk raises an eyebrow. “A monster like that shouldn’t be allowed to roam untethered and ruin so many lives.”The woman tuts, as if Jeongguk’s answer is not the one she’s looking for. She keeps looking, and Jeongguk is sure it’s a trick of the light but her blue eyes seem to be brighter. Namjoon has joined them and chosen to sit quietly on the stool, not inclined to interfere- whatever it is that’s present between the woman and Jeongguk.Finally the lady looks away, getting off her stool with more energy than expected of an old woman. She tinkers around with some of the hanging herbs. “You seem worthy of it.” She strips several plants of their herbs and grabs several pouches lying on her workstation, taking a stone bowl with a pestle. She then looks at Jeongguk again, her eyes imploring but kind. “You have the heart of someone who would look a monster in the eyes and still want to save it. That is enough for me.” She sets to grinding the leaves and Jeongguk…Jeongguk feels confused.Why would he want to save any monster, let alone the Siren? A creature the travellers fear, has shipwrecked and made the seas unsafe, taken away the joy of roaming the seas and kept the sailors on their toes? He has no such plans or delusions of caring for a monster so horrid. Not when his goal is to find it, survive it and vanquish it for good, so that the seas of the world may be free once more.He doesn’t say it out loud, however, wary of the lady and her way of thinking. She’s putting away the ground paste into a small pouch, sealing it neatly. Then she holds out a hand- wrinkled and old but still soft-looking and looks up at Jeongguk expectantly.“Would you happen to have a compass that doesn’t work and seems broken, perhaps?” She asks, and Jeongguk’s mouth drops at the accuracy of her statement, at the fact that she guessed so correctly. He had carried Yoongi’s gift on a hunch, not having assigned it much meaning when he got it and found that it didn’t work. He fiddles for it in his satchel, taking out the bronze device with its needle still spinning idly as the day he received it.He places it in her outstretched hands, watching her touch the device with a certain reverence, the look in her eyes far away. She turns it around in her hands before she nods as if the compass is indeed what she needed. And then, right in front of Jeongguk’s eyes, she taps against the glass surface of it and the compass glows in a purple aura.Jeongguk blinks his eyes again and finds that yes, he is not being deceived, that the aura around his gift is still very much a thrumming purple, muted but present, and watches the needle in it settle at last, steadily pointing- somewhere.“This will take you where you wish to go,” Great Mother says, placing the compass in front of Jeongguk as if she knows that he’s digesting the fact that he just saw the use of magic. Or something like it, he’s not willing to accept it. “It will guide you to the closest location to what you desire and not the Siren itself, I’m afraid, but also why I am not asking for a price.”“You’re not- you’re not going to ask for money?” Jeongguk asks, feeling stupid the moment he does. Of course, someone titled the Great Mother, who apparently practices magic in the open without any worry or fear, wouldn’t have need of something as human and mundane as money. But the very knowledge refuses to settle because Jeongguk has grown up that way, in a region and a country that prized good economic conditions and the existence of various trades to earn a respectable living from. Where hard work was the norm, where magic and luck were frowned upon for things that could be done by hand, and luck was wished for things beyond their control, such as their lives and their deaths. The Great Mother could snap her fingers and do all the things the people of Sinwang took hours to do, in a moment.And she had been kind to Jeongguk. Not the abomination that he had been taught magic users were supposed to be. There was no hate, but a disdain, a certain superiority in using their hard work and Gods-blessed talents to make something of themselves. Jeongguk’s entire view of the world had a tiny crack in it, and it was- admittedly hard to fall for.“All I ask for,” the woman says, getting up from her chair and sealing the pouches, taking the liberty to pack a few of them into Jeongguk’s satchel- not that he can do anything other than stare at her in disbelief- “is that you see beneath. Keep your eyes peeled, my boy. There is much of this world you haven’t known or faced yet.”Jeongguk doesn’t ask her what he’s supposed to see or what is this world she’s so convinced he doesn’t know anything about. He’s reeling from the very idea of magic being real, being shown proof that it is rather than the wanderings of his mind, the purple aura still painted behind his eyes while the compass lies warm in his hand, no longer broken.He feels the impatience itch beneath his skin as the lady retires, wishing him good luck and a good night. He wants to know more but is aware that the Mother wouldn’t answer any questions, because of course, he might have to pay some “price” for it that is not gold or silver coins. It feels a little ridiculous as he packs away his meagre belongings back into his satchel and meets Namjoon outside, who is patiently feeding both the horses apples and something like sugar crackers. He didn’t even know magical folk could eat sugar. Which is stupid, because they look human. They obviously must be having systems like humans, but with some- strange gift underneath it all. One that his mind will take forever to accept, he thinks, even though his mind unhelpfully points out that he is in search of a mythical creature, so maybe he should hurry up.The journey back to the docks is just as long and silent. Namjoon doesn’t speak a lot, and again, doesn’t answer Jeongguk’s questions or comments. It does Jeongguk’s mood no favours, but he keeps shut, taking out the compass every few moments to see it still fixed, still pointing towards what he thinks should be North, if he went by a normal compass, but clearly- this one is nothing of the sort.They reach far earlier than Jeongguk had anticipated- perhaps because he had a goal and the trepidation in his veins of a different sort, more of excitement and less of fear. He feels a strange sense of sadness when he bodes Kafka farewell, and Namjoon walks him all the way to the docks. It is dawn when he reaches the docks and he feels the exhaustion catch up to him at last, realising that he has travelled nearly a day in the turns combined without much rest and far too much information. At the entrance to the docks is where Namjoon stops, at last, looking out towards the sea as if admiring it. Perhaps he didn’t get enough of it living as he did in the middle of the woods.“I hope you have a fair and safe journey,” Namjoon says, his tone light as ever. He isn’t looking at Jeongguk as he says so, only setting his robes carefully. “And I hope you heed the Great Mother’s advice and follow as she says.”“With regards to what?”“Seeing beneath the surface,” Namjoon repeats, though on his tongue the words don’t sound as ominous. “There are things in place in the world that…don’t align themselves with the way we are. Compassion may perhaps help us uncover things far better than fear does.”Jeongguk scoffs. He feels brave enough to do so in front of Namjoon, though he can’t explain why. Perhaps because Namjoon hasn’t displayed any evidence of possessing magic and wouldn’t smite Jeongguk for his insolence. “It is something that has terrorised the seas. Of course, people will fear it.”“That may be so…but do you fear it?” Namjoon asks, meeting Jeongguk’s eyes at last and Jeongguk- feels something warm but comforting around him, even though the temperature is the same- cool, soothing against his skin.Jeongguk can’t answer Namjoon’s question. He doesn’t really know fear as intimately as many others do…possibly why he’s on this quest that may end with his life. “I haven’t met it. How can I fear something I haven’t seen?”Namjoon quirks his lips up in a half-smile, nodding to himself. “The Great Mother was right. Perhaps you are worthy.” He puts up his hood, covering his mauve hair and drowning the curves of his face into its shadows. “Well, farewell then. I hope you find what you’re looking for, maybe prove the Mother right.”It is one more cryptic saying in Jeongguk’s night so far and he is tired. He only nods and watches Namjoon trudge back, sure and confident with no sign of tiredness on his self, while Jeongguk is ready to collapse on the deck itself. He manages to drag himself up the plank and towards his cabin, sighing with relief when he finds it untouched and safe. He keeps the treasured compass back in its case and splashes his face with water before collapsing into the bed, groaning at the bedding beneath.In the coming and going of sleep, Jeongguk has brief flashes of something that he can’t put a name to, and the continued feeling of warmth, as if early spring had arrived, continues to caress him through his slumber. His sleep, for the first time in a while, is peaceful and long, and when he wakes up well-rested to greet the rising sun, Jeongguk feels ready for more.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Five|
 Jeongguk spends two more days in Angye learning more about it and the Siren through its people, knowing now that the land wasn’t like the other countries with their fear or disdain for magic. Angye had proven itself to be a harbour of information on anything- as long as it was strange, mystifying and beyond human comprehension.In those two days, he verged deeper into the town, stayed longer in the taverns- of which there were more than the one he had favoured, with their smattering of guests. Most of the people he came across were, as Yuri and Namjoon claimed, aloof and kept to themselves, a respectable distance though they too could not help but stare at him a moment longer. Jeongguk didn’t fault them for that; harmless as he was, he was still a stranger by his looks alone. He didn’t speak Angyen and moved with the obvious mannerisms of a tourist or a traveller, in the way the structure of the town confused him or how he couldn’t help but make a face at their version of mead.He also took time to pursue any records or books at the local library, which was small and barely filled with scrolls, and though neat, a light smatter of dust over the surfaces. Jeongguk sneezed a couple of time much to the annoyance of the librarian in charge. AT least those were the same everywhere.Jeongguk took two days because he was also processing…everything he had seen and heard. The visit to the Great Mother had happened so fast, and sometimes back on the ship, he would take the compass out just to make sure he hadn’t dreamt it all up. The compass was still fixed, steady and pointing at the direction he was to set off into. All Jeongguk had to do was start.And therein lay the problem, he muses. Two days and he feels the odd clash of simply starting or taking his time. Jeongguk didn’t have any time constraints on him or anyone to prove; the quest was free from such restrictions and depended solely on him. This also left him with a sort of fear that was deep and thick: that he was responsible for it all. His life was his own at last, and the weight of it lay heavy in his hands. Could he be blamed for wanting to delay his journey a little? Angye felt safe even if foreign; its people did not talk or get in his way and let him be. No one approached him when he had a single meal at the tavern and even Yuri, who had become familiar over the week he had been there, only waved at him from afar.He knows he would have to begin eventually, that each moment delayed was time wasted and his people back home growing concerned. But for now- he would like to have his full of his last possible last moments of peace. So he talks. He talks to the bar lady, the locals and even the owner of the shop that had sold him the map and dictionary. He learns of the people of Angye, realising that magic and its use was not frowned upon- rather revered, though there were none who practised it openly. Their main deity was the Healing Mother, who some of the locals said was once the Goddess of Magic but renamed as the world tore down upon magic and hunted those with magic or practising it. The tales fascinate Jeongguk, who had grown up in a relatively peaceful country that only showed its disapproval in dismissal of the magical arts than weed out users.“So how does Angye remain safe?” Jeongguk asks the old man who was frequent at the tavern and full of stories. “If magic is frowned upon and there are bounty hunters- surely you would have had some come here?”“Angye is protected by the Healing Mother,” the man says, and Jeongguk frowns, dissatisfied by the answer. It can’t be that simple. His displeasure doesn’t unnoticed by the man, who smiles, revealing a gap-toothed smile, his eyes wrinkling. It immediately puts Jeongguk at ease. “We were always known as a country full of madmen and women, so we are largely ignored. We keep our interactions with trading, and visitors are not allowed further than this town’s borders. There are systems in place, my boy.”Jeongguk nods. He supposes Angye had its own forms of existing because he knows of the bounty hunters though he’s never come across one. And these systems worked, or else the country would not exist or harbour anyone and still remain alive.They slurp in their meal silently- the Angyen people don’t talk much, choosing to embrace each moment mindfully, which is hard for Jeongguk, having grown up in an environment where silence meant displeasure and each moment was filled with some kind of conversation. It was an exercise in patience for certain.“And what would you like to know today?” The man asks once their meals are finished and taken away by the bar lady. The tavern is empty of its regular patrons and only Jeongguk and the man remain behind, giving it a homely feel. Are two days enough to call a place home?“Nothing. I’m nervous about the Siren,” Jeongguk admits. He no longer feels suspicion or fear at telling people his real intentions, for the people of Angye do not care. They only nod or make a remark about the tale, no judgement or disgust or fear-disguised-as-concern in the way they look at him. “I spent the day today looking for records but your library…”The man laughs. “Yes, it’s not well-stocked, is it,” he says, accepting a cup of barley tea with both hands. Jeongguk follows after him, warming his hands around the cup. This is one similarity between Sinwang and Angye, warm tea at the end of every meal to soothe the digestion process. “But then with lore like the Siren, you won’t find written accounts.”“Why not? Surely people are curious?”“Mostly they are not. It’s easier to talk and fear something than to seek it,” the man comments sagely, peering at Jeongguk over his cup. His gaze asserts that Jeongguk may very well be the latter. “When magic is not dampened, creatures blessed with it are not feared. The Angyen people are content in letting stories be stories, though some may seek the truth to understand.”Jeongguk presses his lips together. Blessed. What a word to use for something unknown as magic, at least as far as Jeongguk had heard of. There was a certain simplicity in the way the people talked and lived here, a way that couldn’t fit into the puzzle of his mind and what he knew, though he did his best to listen.His understanding of the Angyen people and culture is further strengthened when on the day he packs to leave, he hears faint yelling echoing through his cabin. He leaves his belongings and comes upon a group of men dressed in the Angyen garbs- that is, more long skirts and tunics and fewer trousers. It was another strange adjustment. The men are young, a rare sighting in his week living at the port, the town filled with the elderly. One of them steps forward and looks at Jeongguk beseechingly.“Are you the man seeking out the Siren?” He asks. Like the others he has met, the speaker has similar features- eyes slanted downwards, skin a pale yellow but not in a sickly way, and an air of curiosity surrounding him. He too maintains a respectable distance even as he edges close to Jeongguk.“I am,” Jeongguk asserts, crossing his arms over his chest. He’s not defensive, or at least he hopes he doesn’t come across like that. “You would be?”The man- no, nearly a boy, though Jeongguk is not that old himself. “I am Yuko. These are my peers; we had come into the town to trade herbs, wherein we heard of your quest from Hina.” Jeongguk must look confused, as the boy hurries to explain. “The barkeeper’s wife at the tavern?”“Ah,” Jeongguk says, a pinch of shame making its way down his throat. He hadn’t even bothered to learn the people’s names here. “Uh, yes. That is my intention.”The boy- Yuko, what a strange and short name- nods and looks back at his peers, all wide-eyed and curious like him, who nod back at him. They don’t seem as aloof as the rest of the people Jeongguk’s come across until now. He faces Jeongguk with a little more determination set in his youthful face.“Well. We’ve noticed you have no crew. Are you travelling alone?”Jeongguk shrugs, leaning against the post on the dock. “My people thought my quest madness. A dead man’s wish.”Yuko rubs his fingers together and presses his lips before shrugging himself. “We are interested.”Jeongguk raises an eyebrow. “Interested?”“Interested in accompanying you on your quest. If you would have us, that is.”Jeongguk frowns. He looks over the men- about six or seven, about as young as him. He looks at their garbs, their faces and checks their hands, surprised to find them worn down and rough even though they look nothing like sailors.“Are you sure?” He asks cautiously, doubting that these men really knew what the quest entailed, or what sailing consisted of. “Have any of you sailed before?”A man standing behind Yuko rolls his eyes while the others snort or smirk. Jeongguk feels momentarily small, hoping it’s not mockery. The second man steps forward, gait confident and assured.“My name is Akio. Yes, we have sailed before. We are the ones that come to the town for trading and cross the seas, after all.”Jeongguk blushes, realising his mistake. “My apologies, I assumed otherwise.”Akio waves a hand. “No matter. We know the reputation Angye holds.” He levels eyes with Jeongguk and Jeongguk feels trapped- Akio feels too strong for what he had conceptualised Angyen people as. “Angye doesn’t trade all year long. We are on vacation right now, free to pursue our other interests. And we heard talk of your quest.”“We have heard of creatures such as Siren since we were children,” Yuko adds, face earnest. “Even in Angye, we wonder about it, though we respect all beings. Magic is not a ground for discrimination. But it certainly breeds curiosity.”It made sense. Even a place like Angye with its aloof people could be susceptible to the unknown, accepting as they might be. Where Jeongguk, and the others who had pursued the Siren and its myth had thought of its riches or vanquishing it, the Angyen people didn’t seem as caught up in the haze of greed. Still, Jeongguk couldn’t take it as face value.“If you were so curious,” he starts, twirling his travel badge between his fingers, “what stopped you lot from pursuing it yourselves?”Yuko grins at that as if he was expecting it. Any man worth their marbles would think so. “We are trader sailors. Angye does well for itself but we are not rich enough to make private excursions for quests. The resources are enough to keep every man, woman and child well-fed and alive, but spending without the need to is frowned upon. Greed is not favoured by the Healing Mother.”He’d heard about this deity so many times, Jeongguk was tiring of it. A goddess couldn’t be a reason for everything that a country and its people felt, thought and believed, could it?Yet, here he was, in such a country, as much as it went against everything he’d been taught and grown up in. Jeongguk knew he had to be open-minded, and he was to a certain degree, but this felt too good to be true. He would have to accept these men at face value and have no guarantee of their sailing skills, despite their confidence. However, on the other hand, he would be a lot less lonely at sea. Even on his small excursions as part of his apprenticeship, Yoongi had always sent in a couple of his workers to keep him company, telling Jeongguk that the sea, as peaceful as it was, could be awfully lonely. His own quest and the day it had taken to reach Angye had felt like a test in loneliness, so Jeongguk was tempted.“Are you not scared of the monster?” He asks as he moves away from the post, edging closer. Akio and Yuko maintain their stance. “People don’t know of it. I’ve been called mad for wanting to do so. Do you not feel the same?”Akio shrugs. He seems well-built, though he’s slim. He would be good for holding the ropes, Jeongguk assesses. “The Healing Mother would protect us even if it is not a myth.”Jeongguk clucks his tongue, irritated at this goddess. Healing Mother this and Healing Mother that. He would like to borrow some of that undaunted courage these men and people possessed. “The seas are unknown. This would be unlike your trading journeys.”“If your aim is to scare us and keep us from accompanying you, you could simply say you don’t want our presence. We shall leave you alone,” a third voice squeaks out. Jeongguk looks around to identify who it is, finds that the voice doesn’t match the body of the person. “Trading is slow here. We have months before we are called upon again. We want to learn from the sea rather than fear it. Surely you would know, being a traveller yourself?”Jeongguk bites his tongue, properly chastised. The Angyen people were soft-spoken but assertive in their own way. Who was Jeongguk to doubt their capability at sea when he himself was blind about his journey, owning a compass with magical directions and relying on it to guide him? He might have trained a year and Yoongi might have been a fantastic teacher, but at the end, it was still him facing the sea for a larger journey with unpredictable factors in place.It would do well not to feed the Sinwang reputation of being arrogant and loud, at least not in a foreign country and with people curious or kind enough to provide him company.“I’m sorry. I just…I was fully expecting to be alone for my quest, so I’m a little surprised that such a large group of people want to willingly come along. I didn’t mean to assume that you were less trained or used to the sea.”Yuko looks at him kindly, if the slight wrinkles around his eyes mean that. The Angyen people were not expressive. “We understand. So you agree?”Jeongguk can’t say no, nor does he want to. He doesn’t know what would come off this sudden joining, but the company won’t hurt. “Uh, sure. I will be leaving tomorrow.”Akio nods and looks back at the other boys who had runoff. Probably to pack. Yuko hums, pressing down his tunic. “I will inform some of the retired sailors, in case they want to join. Would that be alright?”Jeongguk blinks. “They would want to?”Akio snorts. “They’re retired. They don’t have much to look forward to.”It’s all sorts of strange- not wrong, but clashing with all that Jeongguk’s been told. A part of him believes it’s not necessary, something deep stirring in his stomach, a foreboding sensation telling him to refuse. But Jeongguk is selfish and won’t mind company. He silences the feeling and shakes hands with Yuko and then Akio before they turn to leave.Tomorrow, he would be set off on his journey, but this time with a crew, if it could be called that. He shakes his head and basks in the glow of the setting sun before settling inside his cabin to rest for the night.|| Just before dawn, Jeongguk wakes up to the same group of men and a few more waiting patiently at the docks. He hurries to unlock the plank and set it across, greeting each person in the Angyen way he’d learnt over the past week and through his travel guide. The men beam at him, pleased by this gesture, and tendrils of warmth spread across his chest at being acknowledged.Akio and Yuko- these are the only names he remembers- help him in getting ready for sail, proving just how adept they are the business. Guilt plagues Jeongguk for doubting them, because sure, they may not have had extensive training as he does, but they are good, and he could learn a lot from them too.The older sailors are just as good, though they are content in letting the younger ones do the heavy work. They make themselves comfortable on the benches Jeongguk had built into the sides of the ship and talk quietly amongst them in Angyen, not approaching Jeongguk for any briefing or information. This baffles him; did they not want to know what they were signing up for? Or they did but were content with it, content in trusting a stranger from a foreign land lead them towards a possible a death quest? Jeongguk sure would have liked to know the secret to their trust, because he didn’t feel like he could trust himself, and that was the biggest blunder according to what Yoongi had taught- a captain should always show their confidence and faith, even if they felt like the odds were all wrong. Yet, Jeongguk felt like he wasn’t proving that façade at all.The ship is ready to set sail in no time, the sun slowly gracing them with its presence, rosy and bearable. He remembers that the timing for the dawn is earlier the further east people went, and the sundial he has confirms it. Once the group announces that the basics are ready, Jeongguk has no time- or cause- to delay any further. Nerves creep up his hands, condensing in the pit of his stomach and prickling the back of his neck as he faces the expectant looks on the crew’s- his crew’s- face. He gulps as the realisation dawns that he is their captain- he is supposed to lead them, even if they volunteered, and their well-being, all of their well-being, lay in his hands. The pressure of it forms to a small point and Jeongguk looks away before his eyes could well up from that knowledge alone.Any point out of the Angyen seas would lead travellers to the midway point, the point where he’s supposed to make careful turns in the direction he wants or end up getting caught in the strength of the ocean. Like before, it would take some two or three turns around the sundial, which means Jeongguk has that much time to get to know his mates- or suffer in silence. The choices seem ridiculous, considering the final choice was between life and death. But he finally understands why Yoongi drilled it into him, to develop some semblance of people skills because travelling was not just about embracing the solitude of the seas but the presence of people in sharing that solitude. It was a juxtaposition the likes of which he never thought he’d come across somehow.Making the calculations in his head, Jeongguk nods to himself, clenching his hands into fists and then releasing them, letting the nerves bleed out breath by breath. He turns towards those people, no longer Angyen but his crew, his responsibility- and smiles at them.“Before we start the journey, I would like to say a few words,” he begins, meeting each person’s eyes, hoping they see he means each word. “Thank you for volunteering to come on this quest. To put your faith in a young boy’s hopes and dreams.” He sees the sailors give small smiles in return, some of the older ones having a twinkle in their eyes which reminds him of Seokjin so much, all of a sudden. He swallows down the thickness. “I can’t promise you I know what I’m doing, because I’m chasing a myth and dream myself. I can only hope the seas are merciful enough, that the Sea Father- our deity- thinks it worth it. And I hope you get to realise some of your curiosities as well. Thank you for following me.”He lets out a shaky breath, hands clutched painfully tight behind his back while he faces them head-on, shows how unbreakable and unshakable he is. The young men give enthusiastic hoots while the older sailors come forward clap him slightly on the back, a strange break from the norm of maintaining their distance. The young men then set about to unfurling the sails, and Jeongguk turns towards the steering, facing the great seas beyond. He takes a deep breath, one, two, and then places Yoongi’s compass on the board, watching it still stuck and faint purple around the needles, the only indication that its magic is alive.Then Jeongguk steers the ship forward, and the second stage of the quest begins at last.|| At the midway point, the compass shows signs of coming alive, its needle spinning wildly- but this time, with a sense of direction that it hadn’t shown before. The purple aura around it glows a little stronger, and none of the sailors- young and old- comment upon its odd appearance. As if things imbibed with magic were acceptable.The compass spins a moment longer before it stops in the direction completely different from the one that would lead him to Sinwang. A sharp pang echoes through him as he looks at that direction, wondering how long it would be before he would see the familiar land once again. He looks away deliberately, tucking away the ache and focuses ahead, pushing the ship in the direction as fast as possible.“You got that compass from someone?” One of the old men asks, sitting on the bench situated near the steering wheel. He has a strong build despite his age, hair lined with grey and wrinkles upon his face, but hands full of veins and just as rough. Experienced.“An old lady in the middle of the forest had the way to the island- or a location near it,” Jeongguk replies, feeling a little silly saying so. It sounds like a child’s claim. “She blessed this compass- a friend of mine gifted it to me. Said it was special.”“You mean the Great Mother,” the man nods in understanding, completely unperturbed by Jeongguk’s answer. “She’s a gift to those of Angye- bless her.”Jeongguk leans against a post, keeping an eye on the others. Most have involved themselves in board games, some are arranging ingredients for lunch whilst some are on the mast, keeping a lookout. It reminds him of his excursions. “You don’t think it’s strange?”“What is?”“That there is someone practising magic in your lands.”The old man looks at him a moment before guffawing with laughter, thick and rough. Jeongguk’s cheeks heat up. Was it that mock worthy?“Ah, child,” the man says after laughing for a long moment, wiping the tears under his eyes, which seem fond and not mean as Jeongguk had feared. “Angye thrives on magic. Ours is one of the few lands where it lives and hides from the persecution of the world. It is the Healing Mother’s gift. Without it, the land would cease to exist.”Jeongguk frowns. The simplicity with which the man admits the knowledge clashes with the conflict he’s been feeling for quite a while now, maybe ever since he heard of the Siren and of its monstrous nature. There had been very little description about magic or its demise in his history and lore books, dismissed by the Academy teachers as unnecessary, the focus kept on what could be seen and done by them. He knew Sinwang wasn’t a confrontational country- it kept to itself and made its riches through its flourishing economy and the location of the land itself, the access it had to resources. Trade was emphasised upon since his childhood- and now, Jeongguk was learning that maybe that wasn’t so in other countries. That there were different people, ideas and cultures.“We weren’t taught about it in Sinwang,” he says carefully, looking at the man, whose expression remains unchanged. “We weren’t taught to hate it or fear it- just to dismiss it. It’s strange for me to see it being used or accepted so abundantly here.”“And other places,” the man adds kindly. Jeongguk belatedly realises he doesn’t know the man’s name and never asked. “Sinwang is an important country. But it is not the only one in this world.” The man leans back on the bench and sighs. “There are many in and around where magic or the knowledge of it lives on. Some live in fear. Some thrive, though they can’t be dotted on a map. Angye is lucky to get by peacefully, but in other countries, they persecute magic-users.”“Perhaps because it could be a dangerous tool?”“It’s the wielder that makes a tool dangerous, not the tool itself,” the man says, smiling slightly. Jeongguk sits next to him, enthralled. There’s a hypnotic tilt to the way the man narrates and Jeongguk is hooked. “A knife can kill someone, but it can also chop meat to be cooked. Is the knife evil, or the person behind the knife?”Jeongguk nods, understanding dawning upon him. “The person.”“And so it is with magic. It was persecuted because non-magic users saw a disadvantage in not knowing or possessing such a tool. Jealousy can divide species sometimes. Once, magic thrived while the humans remained cowered. No doubt there have been magic users who have done wrong by humans, but there have also been kind ones who have helped them stand. It is always the wielder behind.”It makes sense. It was about the situation and motivation too; like the knife, magic or magical items had their uses in the right hands. But one never knew all the good ones, or when the good ones would be corrupted enough to turn bad. And really, what constituted as good or bad? Jeongguk would do well not to have such a black-and-white approach to things he had no clue about but rather, learn from them, should he come across it.“I understand better now,” he says to the man, watching the compass spin ever so slightly with each wave his ship crosses over. It has been over two turns around the sundial and there is no land in sight. “I will do my best to be fair when approaching- different things.”“The best attitude for a traveller of any kind,” the man attests, before leaning back even more and closing his eyes, head facing the sun. It’s clear that the conversation is over and Jeongguk can go back to whatever he was doing, which wasn’t much.Some hours in, and he’s already bored.He mulls over all that the man said, what the Great Mother had said. Magic hadn’t done him any wrong- yet. He had a magical compass that was hopefully guiding him to a location close enough to the Siren, and he had some herbs supposedly better than the ones Seokjin had given in his medical kit. The conclusion was solid- if the person wielding magic was good, then their use of magic would also be benevolent, would it not?All I wish is for you to see beneath, the Mother had said earnestly, as if in his naivety Jeongguk would make a decision that would stunt him as a traveller. The statement made him nervous, but he removes his mind from it, going on to help Akio and Yuko prepare the final touches for lunch.He keeps track of the compass all along. Lunch is a silent affair; though they huddle around him, Jeongguk is mostly silent while the others talk. No one gossips about the Siren or who it could be; instead, they mostly ask him questions about growing up in a place like Sinwang, to which he gives one-word answers, shyness creeping on him with every awe-filled look in their eyes. Sinwang was a wonderful country and Sunsong even more so, but he hadn’t realised the tales of it spread far and beyond. His answers soon gave way to their casual chatter in Angyen which he couldn’t understand anyway, and the solitude from loneliness begins to make its presence known at last.Like this, days and nights go by in a similar fashion: an overall pleasant journey, the skies clear, the waters gentle and the breeze ever welcome. Jeongguk, despite the occasional loneliness, gets to know his mates a bit more, even if there were more stilted silences and the swim through the awkwardness of not knowing their tongue. He learns about Angye; about their small land with limited people with a faith in the mystic arts so strong that Jeongguk is sure he isn’t doing well in hiding his doubt-laden expressions. As they journey on, he learns about the hub of magic through their eyes and not the Sinwangese textbooks, and it’s refreshing even if shocking. Most of the people are humans, though they claim there exist hybrid species of half-magic and half-human, magical creatures and pure magic-users as well, some having escaped persecution from various lands he has never heard of and some choosing to remain there for a better, much more peaceful life.They shrug when Jeongguk asks them just how Angye had managed to maintain its peace and safety from being a part of conquest, giving the expected, generic answer of the Healing Mother. When he probes further, he is told that she is their only deity, their most important one, for their pantheon had depleted over the years as she gained favour. The Healing Mother had many names, but for the magic users she was the same; after all, magic relied on ancient power and energy rather than a tangible form. It could not be contained in a bottle and used just by anyone. That was how evolution had worked, the sailors claimed, which Jeongguk found to be a bit preposterous. How was it that some developed to be humans while developed to be magic-using species? It didn’t make sense.However this time, he doesn’t challenge the existence of the belief. The days and nights meld into one, and with it grows his need to challenge and rebel against things he didn’t believe in. Jeongguk is young, and clearly he doesn’t have much idea of the world beyond the basic political connections; it would be to his benefit to accept and let go of some of his more rigid thoughts. Yoongi had probably done that too; there was no way the elder was as well versed in the ways of the world and the art of sailing by being of a stagnant mind. Jeongguk would have to learn to be as fluid as the seas he loves.The compass spins ever so often. Jeongguk gets bored of it eventually, for nothing ever happens, no magical golden arrow appearing in the air to make the process exciting. Perhaps he expects too much of magic, sees it as something grander than it really is. The compass makes a bigger shift enough times that in due course, Jeongguk’s navigation skills can’t pinpoint where he and his ship are. He is in clear blue waters all around, not a speck of land in sight. There is plenty of fish in the sea, and it’s enough to provide fresh food for him and his crew. But beyond that, there are no echoes of humans anywhere.At first, the directionless beyond unnerves him, his foot tapping with the silence of the sea especially at night. The sailors are respectful of it and talk quietly amongst them, doing their duties as chosen. Jeongguk doesn’t understand why they don’t seem to be worried at all when he’s close to biting his nail off and putting Yoongi to shame.Slowly, the idea settles into him that this was the purpose of the quest and the compass. No one is supposed to know about the island or how to get it; of course, Jeongguk wouldn’t recognise where he is. He has never sailed so far from the Sinwang waters, never sought to study the map of the world to understand, though Yoongi had given him a brief rundown of it. But no map could intervene when magical forces were at work, could it? For better or for worse, the actual part of the quest, the soul-chilling, death-fearing part of it, had begun at last without his awareness.More than a monster, it was the fear of the unknown and the unpredictability of the moment that was far scarier than any tangible object could be. At least, that’s what Jeongguk had hoped it was because any other explanation was something he was not ready to accept.It’s the weather first that rouses suspicion. Jeongguk steers the wheel as he has been for the past couple of days, reigning in his nervousness for the suaveness of a captain in control. He needs to uphold that image for his crew, quite possibly his friends now and stands straight and tall, knuckles white on the wood. The compass glows purple and stays steady until it doesn’t.As fast as he can blink clouds roll over the blue sky, thick, dark and grey. The dip in the air is sharp, the cold hitting the front of his chest with an intensity so high he chokes at the brief pain and the waters beneath the ship clash with a ferocity of beasts battling for dominance. He grips the wheel as if his life depends on it, and maybe it does, with the way he nearly tilts as the ship threatens to throw him overboard. There are shouts of alarm behind him, some coming up on deck from their rest stations and holding on desperately to anything their hands can reach. Just as Jeongguk turns around to assure them that it’s just a rough patch in the sea, in comes rolling a wave of fog so thick he can’t see beyond his outstretched hand.Shivering and his teeth chattering so hard his jaw could break from the force of it, Jeongguk blinks rapidly as he wipes his hand on his trousers and checks the compass, nearly dropping it when he finds it to be glowing an incredibly deep purple, brighter than anything he’s ever seen it be. The needle is no longer spinning, simply pointing at a direction to the right of the ship. Gritting his teeth, Jeongguk puts his hands on the wheel once again and makes a hard turn, the ship groaning with the force of going against the trashing waters below. They are no longer blue but as dark as the clouds above, and Jeongguk shivers as a particularly strong wave crashes on board and douses him, clothes sticking to his skin and making the cold even more unbearable. He dare not remove the hair falling into his eyes though or else he would risk letting the ship be carried away, and that is something he can’t afford.It is a battle of a different sort from then on. The weather is relentless and the panic is high, his crewmates holding on to the sails and the ropes, some using the oars to help Jeongguk move the ship in the direction he wants. His heart beats furiously with the crashing ebb and flow of the waves, and despite the cold and the ever-present fear, something like thrill slithers its way down his spine too, a concoction brewing in his stomach that keeps him on his feet. The clouds do not wait long before they start pouring, blurring his vision even more. He keeps a frantic check on the compass and finds it to be the odd colour in the dreary grey around.Jeongguk pushes against the waves and follows the call of the compass until it cracks in front of his eye.It’s a sharp crack, the glass surface broken neatly in the middle, wisps of purple escaping it as if they had been trapped. Jeongguk looks up to find nothing but fog and no sight of land or the water, only feeling it with each wave crashing. He blinks in time with each creak the ship makes, and it’s almost hypnotic how despite the chaos of bad weather, he feels a certain pull in his chest but finds nowhere to go.The crack and the dimming of the purple light then means that he is within the range of the Siren, as promised by the Great Mother; she had told him she could only lead him near to it and rest would be up to the Fates. But the Fates seem bent on punishing him, for he doesn’t know where to go or what the almost instinctive pull is, threatening to take him off his feet. His entire body hurts with the pressure of maintaining his stance. The sea promises no relief and just as Jeongguk is willing to make peace with the fate of his quest, sudden silence falls around him, like the curtains of the rolling fog.The cold of the fog licks his skin and forms thick condensation all around. With the advancing silence comes the pause in the rain, the absence of it foreign with the way its pelts had nearly bruised him and his crew. The water though still rough, retreats, the power of its attack diminished enough for the ship to right itself, for Jeongguk to hesitatingly leave the steer and regain his balance.Though he wants to rejoice, the absence of the sound strikes Jeongguk wrong, the feeling oily and conflicting with the blood in his veins. His crew don’t share the feeling for they cheer, their white faces blooming with a little colour as blood returns to its rightful place in their bodies. They straighten and laugh a little, the chatter of the cold present in their voices even as they jostle and punch each other lightly in their arms, some praising the Healing Mother. Some of them look at Jeongguk and give him enthusiastic smiles and a generous round of thumps up. Jeongguk forces himself to smile back even if the cold has frozen his face; the foreboding feeling does not leave with each passing moment of stillness. He looks back at the compass and finds it still broken and dull, the crack neat in the middle. It points straight ahead at something in the fog.It’s wrong. Abrupt weather changes don’t just happen in the span of moments. Something wasn’t right, and yet he could not voice out as to what it was. He tries to recall what Yoongi had told him about the weather and the sea, but even he had said that there were signs and there was consistency that lasted longer moments. This, whatever just happened- could not be explained by the laws of men and the gods. Clearly magic was rife in this place but it did not feel benevolent, not the way he had seen and been taught to see as.“Jeongguk!”He looks up at the call of his name, to find Yuko grinning at him brightly, making his face towards where Jeongguk is. He skips over a stray rope and though Jeongguk can’t hear him yet, it’s clear he is saying something more.“-that was wonderful seamanship, Jeongguk, it felt looked like the steering would crack from the force of the sea, yet you stood so tall,” Yuko says, eyes bright as his grin and voice heavy with admiration. Jeongguk retreats into himself, shy and unable to bear the praise, not when he hasn’t earned it yet. “You truly are a great captain with the right training. We chose right, Akio and I-”Jeongguk never gets to hear the end of his statement.For out of nowhere, from the depths of the water obscured cleverly by the fog bursts forth something monstrous, akin to an octopus’s tentacle, and snatches Yuko right up in the air, not a sound left in its wake.Jeongguk can only blink once before the deck erupts in screams as several tentacles explode out of the water, snatching the crew members one by one expertly even as they run amuck as if it were a sentient being with knowledge of their movements.Jeongguk is frozen at his bench before he is rolling and falling down to avoid one of the tentacles that had made its way over to him, even as the older sailors desperately try to find places for hiding, most failing and getting snatched up, screams so loud his ears hurt and eyes blur, mind running with no thoughts in his head.One of the boys- Taki, is his name, he recalls in a haze- crawls towards his bench, sobbing loudly even as he drags himself forward. Jeongguk notices the trail of blood from behind his leg belatedly, and when Taki meets his eyes, pleading and terrified, Jeongguk reaches out to pull him over safety, wherever that would be. Just as their fingers touch Taki screams, a tentacle slithering around his waist and wrenching him away so fast Jeongguk’s hand nearly taken with the boy from the force of the pull. Taki remains suspended in the air while the tentacle curls tighter and chokes him, his spine cracking with the pressure and Jeongguk can only watch, his voice caught in his throat. He watches Taki go higher, his scream echoing and then- then there is a surge of water, a wave so high it nearly overturns the ship and drenches the deck once again and throws him off his feet once more, and out comes a monstrosity so horrific Jeongguk couldn’t imagine it in his wildest dreams.Instinct pervades the slow sludge of his mind enough to know that this is not the Siren, feel it in his bones and with each erratic beat of his heart. For the creature in front of him is a monster as monsters are meant to be, mammoth with rivers of slime and water rolling off its translucent red-purple skin, soaring over the ship so high Jeongguk’s neck aches from beholding it. It has no visible eyes, only a gaping maw in the middle of its body with rows of sharp teeth as tall as his ship’s mast, horror mounting as the tentacles chuck Taki and the other captive boys straight into it as if they were nothing but pieces of animal meat, blood spraying and misting in the air from the crunch. It opens its mouth again to show its bloody teeth filled with dead remains and molasses caught in between, saltwater gushing in and out. It unleashes its tentacles again and picks up one more of his men without damaging the ship, and that wakes Jeongguk up from his terror induced stupor, his mind catching up to the shrieks of his crew, now nearly half, looking at the blood and slime on the deck, the rain picking up and drenching him once again.The monster seems preoccupied with chewing his men- a shudder runs down his spine- but Jeongguk dare not stop, rushing towards the wheel again and steering it away from the monster, unaware of his direction but desperate to be anywhere than this creature’s company while it eats them all away. The fog makes it impossible to locate, so he follows the pull in his gut and his heart, lets them guide him to safety or what he hopes is safety. He prays to the Sea Father, tears running down his face as everything begins to catch up to him- his chest heaves, wrists hurt and it feels like his arms could break off any moment. He prays that the creature doesn’t follow them and doesn’t finish them all off.His body and mind are focused on one track so much so that he doesn’t check, just pushes through the fog, can only clench his teeth as he hears the screams behind him with more of his men disappearing, the youth who never got to live beyond and the old lost with their wisdom, the promises he broke- no. He wouldn’t, couldn’t think about that now. Run, run, and don’t let it take more. You’re their captain. You must run. Darn the quest, damn it to Death-He steers and steers, the ship straining with the force of the speed. He has no help and doesn’t expect any, doesn’t presume his men to recover so fast. He has to lead them and keep his promises, keep up his role as a captain. It’s the least he could do, couldn’t he?Moments later and the fog over his mind recedes briefly. The monster thankfully does not follow, though the weather remains the same, the echo of a resounding silence save the last grumbles of the creature left behind. Jeongguk risks a glance and watches it slither back into the black sea beneath, as soundless as it had come upon them. There is not a single trace that it ever existed, not a single thing to give proof to Jeongguk’s mind that he made it all up and didn’t lose his men. And yet, as he drives on and gets out of the range of the creature, he can see the pitiful remains of his once substantial crew, all cowering on the deck, sobbing in their arms as they recover and perhaps mourn their mates. His vision blurs, the fear and anger mixing wildly inside into an ugly broth of chaos.When it’s clear that the monster did not follow, Jeongguk stops clutching the wheel so tightly, blood rushing to the tips of his fingers as he comes to moment by moment, the events a rough tumble in his head. The leftovers of the fog and the cold touch deep, skin erupting into goosebumps yet his heart beating fast and his head hurts, fresh tears falling hot as he comprehends just how many he lost, how many new friends he would never meet again, dead because of him. Him, with his big dreams and wild hope, with his abandon so free it could never be tethered by a rope. And now here he was, on the verge of ripping apart while his crew stared blankly ahead of them. There was no damage on the ship apart from the railings and the sails, slowing it down, but the damage to the soul, the raw wound of it is painted bright in front of him, the only bright thing in this dreary sea.The guilt trashes against his walls with each breath he takes, the tears striking hot against his face and freezing cold just as fast. He can only stand and watch, behold the magnitude of his mistakes and his recklessness, watch the sea, the very thing he loved so deeply, take away hope and joy in the same way it gave it to him.Jeongguk can’t approach them, can’t face them or ask them if they are fine, because how can they be when they escaped something that had taken away their friends, their family? Jeongguk had only just begun to know and understand them, and the guilt was crushing him, the shame of being the naïve, adventurous boy no longer a quality he liked about himself, not when it left hurt, pain and death in its wake.Jeongguk can only stand pathetically and watch his hope come crashing down around him.It’s too much to bear. He leaves briefly to get his medical kit and places them in front of the crew, unable to say anything else and hoping they would heal each other, though why should they, when Jeongguk hadn’t led them well, had led them straight to a horror none of the stories had ever talked about. He seethes with rising anger as he recalls how he had no warning, no idea whatsoever that such a creature besides the Siren could exist. He has no doubt about that; that creature was not close to what the Siren was supposed to be. There were no accounts of it but this was one single, evident truth. This creature did not wreck ships, not with the way it had precisely picked off his crew with almost human-like intelligence, leaving the ship be. A creature of that size and strength would not leave a ship untouched.The stories and tales may not have warned him off this sentient thing, but there was some truth to it. Jeongguk had to believe that or else he would lose himself in the rising madness of his guilt.He takes out his own compass, now that the magical one was broken, and sees it spin wild, not resting at any direction. He flips it shut and chucks it away, knowing he is on his own. He entered something wild and unrestrained, something humans did not happen upon and the air touched with magic that he could not see but feel, in the cold, the dark and the hopelessness leaching everything out. The waters are too calm where once they had threatened to overturn the ship, and every sound is audible, every breath and sob echoing through his skull and embedding itself in it. The quiet crawls across his skin, and he would take anything than this mindless drifting with the grief permeating them all. Anything at all.The Sea Father withholds his mercy and listens to him the one time he wishes he hadn’t done so.They sail like this, pushing through the waters slowly, nothing ever-changing. And perhaps that should raise the alarms inside, make him pay attention- but all he cares about are his remaining men, eventually walking over to help them out with their wounds, letting them cling onto his arms as they tremble with sobs. None of them look angry at him; perhaps they can’t feel anything beyond grief. He doesn’t know how long it’s been; there is no sun to keep track of the sundial, and Jeongguk doesn’t care. The hollowness echoes everything, and maybe the silence itches because it festers within him and beats at his eardrums, wailing to be let out. And all Jeongguk does is keep silent as he wipes one more tear, holds one more hand and tells them how sorry he is, how repentant.Grief is powerful, encroaching upon everything including the very logic that his people pride. It takes away the present and beckons the bearer towards the past, beating on them relentlessly enough that they only look at it with hurting hearts, and nothing else matters. Nothing else is supposed to matter.Jeongguk is tending to one of an old sailor’s wound around his eyes, when the heaviness in them falls and the sailor’s mouth drops open ever so slightly, striking Jeongguk as an oddity only when a trail of spit follows and the man does nothing to wipe it. He worries that the man is in shock, the kind that forces the body to stop and rest, but there’s nothing wrong; the sailor breathes well enough, until he suddenly trashes like a fish out of water, moaning something incomprehensible.Jeongguk looks around to find the other crew reacting similarly, some moaning and some sobbing, even more, odd shrieks piercing through the cold silence. And that’s when he hears it, the faint traces of something melodious, delicious on his ears enough that a sharp pain forms behind his head, something slithering inside the crevices of his mind to join- somewhere.The moment he feels the call, Jeongguk realises what it is- or rather, who it is.Quick as lightning, he rushes towards the bag he had brought forth, gritting his teeth against the pull that steadily beckons him toward it, his mind threatening to split open from the pain of stopping himself enough to focus. He finds the item he needs- a small tub of wax that he scoops out generously, hastily forming them into ill-shaped plugs and thrusting them into his ears just as he feels like he really would join his crew- the crew he cannot save, not this time.All noise cuts off and the ache reduces to a dull throb, the sinister yet sweet voice no longer echoing through his skull. He had prepared for this a long time ago, when he had heard of the first traveller tell him about the Siren’s singing and how it drove men and women mad, a lust for something none of them knew. He sees the prophecy come to form as his men scream- or so he guesses, he can only see open mouths and hands clutching the heads, fresh sobs on their faces. He goes over to the sailor he was treating, trying to get a hold around his trashing body, and is kicked away, the force of it winding him, nearly cracking his rib. The man looks manic, eyes blank but also filled with a need, as he clutches his head and stands on his feet shakily, taking steps towards the railing of the ship. Jeongguk holds his side and can do nothing as the man hits his head on the edge of the railing, blood trailing out of his nose, and then flings himself overboard.Jeongguk rushes over, only to find bubbles where the sailor must have jumped, and watches in revulsion as the bubbles froth pink with something that could only be blood. He’s pushed aside as some more of the crew jump wildly into the depth below and swim frantically towards a place, and then go under, trails of dark red left behind.Jeongguk turns around and finds the others engaged in some form of self-mutilation- as if the foreign voice was commanding them to do so, stringing them along on its puppet strings. One man bashes his head repeatedly against the deck, dark red stained into the wood, while others are wrapping the ropes around their necks and pulling, choking on it while it leaves abrasions on their skin. Nausea rolls in his stomach even as Jeongguk runs towards them, tries to get them to stop but he doesn’t understand them, doesn’t know what to say because they’re gone, the will in their eyes grey like a dead fish, the sign of the prevailing madness showing on their skin and in their hands and feet. He can’t hear them, wants to talk so it interferes with whatever evil has taken root, but no sound comes out, as if the only sound to exist is the Siren’s.He stops when some of them gnash their teeth at him, wild and frantic, no longer human, and the sailor next to him whips out a pocket blade and slashes neatly through his throat, blood gushing out in torrents and spraying the deck and Jeongguk’s clothes with red, scent thick with iron. The pain in his head increases as if the Siren’s voice is forcing through the wax, trying to break apart the barrier and take him as well, and Jeongguk presses the wax in harder.He wants to save them, tries to do so, and at that moment knows it’s all for nought, as his ship gets emptier than it was, his men in a frenzy, unlike anything he has ever seen. The screams are so shrill they do make it through the wax in faint waves, and Jeongguk sobs in horror, holding himself back and fighting against the pull of the Siren and the pull of the screams, some coming from the water. The deck is empty now, and he walks towards the water, hoping the cold of it could break the trance, but he hopes wrong or too late, for he stills when he watches- creatures, several of them, shining bodies and wet feathers, milling about his drowning men, colouring the water red. It is as if a shark has smelled blood and come upon for a rich feast, but those things are no sharks, they’re nothing known to manThe moon finally shines through the thick cloud cover, highlighting the dark red inkiness of the water around. The loneliness and fear crash on him then even as he holds the railing desperately, unable to look away from the carnage down below, his body trembling with lost tears, anger and fear, hopelessness so strong it screams at him to unplug his ears and join them, to give up for he has already lost. There is no quest, he is alone and he will never win. Not with the odds stacked against him.He feels more than hears the keel of the ship cracking even as it picks up speed as if something- those creatures, whatever they were- are pushing him towards something, out of his control, the wheel spinning madly enough that it breaks off and goes overboard into the water. He screams, the voice breaking through his chest even as his head throbs, the melody pressing steadily around him and chipping away at his will. The moon shows something vague in the distance as the fog begins clearing away at last (late, too late) and then feels his ship scrape against rocks that he never thought would be around in seas so deep. A particularly hard shove against a rock breaks the ship enough that it begins sinking, and the speed of it makes Jeongguk fall, one of his wax moulds dropping with it.Immediately the melody bursts forth, having only needed a small opening to wreak its haunting havoc, the voice sweet yet keening. Join us, join us, you will have glory beyond your wildest imaginations, riches you have never heard of, beauty, unlike anything you have ever seen. Join us and be free.No, Jeongguk begs, eyes closing and teeth clenched, hands tight in prayer. Please, no, don’t take me to the seas, please Sea Father, don’t let this be my fate, please-He sobs some more as the front of the ship dips forward and water starts gushing on the deck, the lower berths submerged. The salt laps at his feet and his knees, and he holds himself tightly, shields himself from the inviting voice. Be free, there is no pain with us, only joy, only the most, you will never lack for anything.Jeongguk dips forward, forehead pressing into the wood, the salt on his lips.
  The humans will never give you anything. They will take from you. Come with us, and be powerful. Stay with us, and know the truth. Live so the others fear you. Join us and be free. 
He kisses the deck and thinks of freedom. Through his tears he sees Sunsong again, sees lazy afternoons spent on the dock, the sun dipping into the ocean, Seokjin and Yoongi bickering nearby while Jimin tells him about the latest patient in his clinic. Thinks about runs into the town market and helping his father with his trade, nose wrinkling at the pungent odour of the fish. Thinks of his mother brewing ginger tea and serving it hot, nights spent curled into her lap while she strokes her hair and tells him of love. Feels the freedom in learning the sails and watching them flutter in the sea breeze, the contentment of it in each breath he takes.Wants that freedom so badly, so desperately, anything but this pain, this darkness and the blood, the saltwater his enemy and no longer his friend or recluse, anything but the whispers of the creatures. He wants to go back to a time when he wasn’t reckless but content, content with his life and not craving adventure. Content in fishing, roaming the town with Jimin and wooing girls and boys, nights spent in the tavern even as Jimin and he danced during the festivals, happiness bursting through every pore of his.I’m so sorry, Jimin-ah, he thinks, eyes closed, before he jumps into the water, the cold of it flooding his lungs. With his last breath he begs for forgiveness, from the gods, from Jimin, from everyone who showed faith in him, for he is dying, he is choosing to die, and leaving them alone in this world. He trashes in the water, vaguely feeling that it’s not as deep as he thought, hitting a rock in doing so and submerging once again.He will die and yet he hopes to live, doesn’t feel the beasts around him even as his vision begins to go black.He takes one more breath but inhales even more, and before he takes his last and lets the water claim him, he sees a vague, willowy, tall figure on the same rock outcropping he had struck against. A hand reaches out to him but just as his fingers brush, Jeongguk goes under.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Six|

   
His skin burns.It’s scalding, with a peculiar grittiness all over and in him, making the sensation worse. Water wasn’t meant to feel that way, he’s sure of it. It’s not meant to feel like his lungs are alight and cracks are forming on his very surface. Surely death by drowning wasn’t meant to be this painful.However, when Jeongguk comes to, his eyes sting as they face the onslaught of the sun high above, skies a vibrant, hurting blue and his skin sweltering with each passing moment.His mouth is parched, fleeting remnants of saltwater encasing around his mouth and the back of his throat, his lips cracking with each breath he takes. He squints his eyes unable to bear the sun, though its imprints still cast red shadows behind his lids. His head pounds; his entire body does so in time with his beating heart– and that’s when he wakes again.His heart is beating. Audibly, every pump echoing in his ears, which means he is– alive. ­­­­­Jeongguk is alive. He’s alive, not drowned in the waters, as he had believed in his last moments, but alive on land, the scorching heat coming from the sun-warmed sand all around him, digging into his back and scratching against him with each move he makes. Every breath aches and each lick of his lips only makes them drier.He’s alive, but at a cost, for his body doesn’t respond as well as it should. The first try to rise fails and he crashes down on his back, hissing as the aches travel all over. He is empty, no food or water for who knows how long; it feels as if half his blood has evaporated into the air and he’s getting hollower by the moment. His second try is better but his thighs tremble with the effort to hold him up and barely stay upright before he falls again. He would cry if not for everything being so dry and so hot.At his third attempt is when he manages to sit, at last, a war cry leaving his lips as he heaves himself up, head hammering while blood rushes down. Jeongguk blinks away the spots appearing all around, clenching his teeth while his body aches and cries. It takes a while, for the thumping of his heart to slow down, for the crustiness in his eyes to melt away and the burn to disappear. All that time, each laboured breath twinges deep inside, echoing a hollowness so vast he wants to scream to fill the void, but there is no voice. His throat protests when he attempts to do something, say anything– and nothing emanates.Ever so slowly, as his mind catches up, each bit of information hits him hard: his clothes are shredded yet intact, barely hanging on to his frame; there are cuts all over his skin, some still bleeding and a building throb in his left calf, and his head– gods, his head won’t stop pounding, as if a set of festive drums made home inside his temples and are ferocious in their rhythm. He squeezes his eyes shut, an overwhelming need to take his brain out and throw it far, far away from his straying thoughts.Jeongguk is alive, and so, he cries.They are dry sobs, for he has nothing, but he cannot stop the crashing need, the sand stinging his eyes. Each detail he finds makes him more upset; his body is bruised and battered beyond anything he’s ever experienced and the whole lot is sore. He looks at the seas at the front, a vibrant blue-green that he hates, even though he should love it, wait for it to sing to his blood like it always has– but he hates it, hates it, even more, when he recognises pieces of wood floating on the surface, the keel of his ship– his beautiful ship, the first one he built with his hands– bobbing up and down, broken beyond repair.He is alive but he is alone, and it’s too much. Too much to bear.He raises his hands and stares at the cracked surface, the blood and sand under his fingernails, some broken in ragged edges, as if he clung on to something, perhaps hope. Jeongguk is filthy. He smells bad, like rotten seaweed meeting pungent saltwater; some cuts on his arms ooze with pus and he winces when he takes a sniff, the smell of slow decay set into them. When he bends at the waist to check the mysterious source of throbbing around his calf, he yelps again, muscles stretching taut at his stomach– which means he’s injured there as well. The moment he knows of it makes the aches worse.He grits through the pain and lifts the shirt gingerly, gasping when his eyes meet purpling skin, speckles of blood around it. He hisses when he presses, finger flinching away. He twists a little to take the weight of his ribs and check his leg, where he finally locates the source of the ache– a long, deep, and horrid cut, shining with blood and torn flesh, though no bone peeks out it festers away unattended as it has been, and will continue doing so unless Jeongguk heals it. Which he can’t, because his fucking ship is gone, and with it everything he held dear– his medical supplies and food reserves, and– and his crew, gods, his crew is gone, forever, embraced by the gods above. Only Jeongguk has been left to rot away on a lone land with nowhere to go and nothing to live on, and he would shake a fist at the skies if the act itself did not hurt him so.He wants to laugh, at his destiny and plight, and he does giggle, falling back even though the act aches in his bones and racks up a cough that tears at him from within. The sand is not ideal for his numerous lesions. But Jeongguk laughs, only stopping to feel at his neck for the pendant and sighing in relief, sweet and brief, that at least Jimin’s gift is settled near his heart and not lost at sea.The laughs replace with soft cries.How is he alive? No, why is he alive? He drowned. He remembers the rush of ice-cold in his lungs, the prickles of it along the lining, and the taste of salt drowning him. The ship going under, Jeongguk with it, recalls the– haunting melodies, the whispers of the creatures piercing his mind. Join us and be free, they had said, but look at him now– he is free, he joined them, he welcomed the freezing ocean, and it spat him out as if he were unworthy, as if his death wasn’t a sacrifice enough. Neither the gods nor his beloved sea wanted him and he was alone. He had all the markings of death but he wasn’t dying and joining his crew; he had the audacity to survive while everything else had simply vanished.He stays on the hot sand for a long while, the sun dipping slowly towards the west with each passing moment, the blue of the sky dulling its vibrancy. He stays, empty, alone and– hungry, his stomach rumbling so loud it makes Jeongguk chuckle, look at him being so incredibly human when he has lost everything, and yet all his body can think of his sustenance, urgency in every nerve coaxing him to rise, to comb for food, to quench that lingering thirst until it’s all he can think of, but he doesn’t want to—There are rustles behind him.Fear flares through him and Jeongguk hauls himself up with surprising strength– and halts.In his despair he never sought to discover where he is, and it’s a revelation when he sees foliage behind him, an amalgamation of vibrant greens, yellows and reds, and there, right in the middle, there is a– a house. Hints of a habited space at the very least, a bit too far from him to make the details out of. It’s nearing dusk and Jeongguk is bone-tired, but there is a sign of life; there is a fragrance, of herbs and something cooking, and Jeongguk is only a human with an unfilled stomach. There is a sign of life, which means Jeongguk is not alone, and the hope that blooms is what makes him rise, a thousand curses on his tongue as the struggle brings forth a new wound or a promise of it, and by the time he is standing– he trembles with nothing to hold on. He clutches the side of his ribs to ease the pressure, and slowly begins walking, his injured leg dragging behind him.Exhaustion weighs on him with each step. He doesn’t know how long he walks or how far his destination is; all he can think about is sustenance and living some more, though a voice asks him why. He’s failed spectacularly with the gods as his witness; he should be a rotting carcass on the sands by now. And yet– the sea drew him out. Perhaps the Sea Father saw hope in saving him and granted him this chance. Jeongguk isn’t religious but he has his gratitude; for whatever it’s worth, he would sustain himself until the gods saw taking his life fit.As he gets nearer, he latches onto the specifics with sharper clarity; he’s walking on fine, nearly white sand, a contrast to the grainy surface on the outer rings of the land, and the cottage ahead is larger than he had assumed, built in an almost similar fashion to the old lady’s house in Angye. Abundant greenery surrounds it and it is clear that it is lived in, that somebody stays on this island stark in the middle of nowhere. Maybe several someones, Jeongguk hopes, a family who might be kind enough to provide him with shelter and show him a way back home. He’s done with his quest and his naïve dream; Jeongguk simply wants familiarity and comfort, wants to be embraced in arms he loves and the sound of laughter all around. If wanting so makes him a coward then so be it.The path is never-ending to his aching body and mind. As he walks on, the cottage gets clearer. Jeongguk notices the herbs hanging from the edge of the roof, a narrow porch wrapped around it and the steps leading to the door; he sees a small enclosure of animals skittering about though he can’t make out their form in the dim light.Though he’s fatigued and each step threatens to pull him down, Jeongguk’s mind hisses alerts all around, doing nothing to help the throbbing headache. This isn’t normal. Such a well–maintained place in the middle of nowhere? Peel your eyes open, Jeongguk.And he wants to, but he’s so weary, and maybe his body realises that he’s reached his peak because he crashes hard knees first into the sand and winces, knuckles pressed beside so he can hold himself up a little. Whoever’s land he is encroaching upon, the least he can do is beg for safety with some dignity intact. Even if it is as tattered as his clothes are and as red with guilt as he is. Safety, even if he doesn’t deserve it, but he could beat himself later, maybe after a pitcher of water—The door opens in front of him, and Jeongguk raises his head to face a tall, hooded figure standing at the entryway, looking down upon him. The figure is hidden in the shadows and Jeongguk has a sudden recall of a willowy figure reaching out on the outcropping of rocks, something brushing against his hand before he was pulled under. He swallows but in vain for now, his mouth is so dry there’s nothing left to swallow. Jeongguk will have to speak, however, or he won’t be able to plead his case at all.“Hello?” He croaks out, voice so hoarse he could very well be a dying man. “Could you tell me where I am?”The hooded figure remains, silent yet imposing. Jeongguk frowns, unsure whether he dreamed up something in his dehydrated delusion. He’s read accounts of travellers who visited such lands, and the uneasiness eats at him.“Can you hear me?” He inquires, shuffling forward painfully. “I am lost, good person, and I would like to know where I am.” His voice is slurring, the effort of speaking increasing evermore. He needs water, gods damn it. He almost closes his eyes but shakes himself awake. He cannot die like this, he can’t just sleep and never wake again. “Please, I need your help.”The figure moves then, stepping forward, the light from a lamp overhead highlighting his dark robe, shimmering with the night, though the figure doesn’t remove his hood. But the single step feels enough; it imposes on Jeongguk that this is not normal person cast away into the seas– for they stand tall and proud, a little willowy and slim, but power licking the air around them. Jeongguk’s eyes tear up just by looking at the figure but he’s run out of ideas.“Help? Whatever do you need help for, human?” A soft, melodic voice comes out of the hollow of where the figure’s face ought to be, and Jeongguk shivers internally, the tone of it pricking at his memories. He doesn’t care, however, delighted at getting a response at last, and rushes ahead, dragging himself closer up the steps.“My ship– it was wrecked a couple of nights ago in a storm; my crew is dead and I’m alone. All my supplies are gone and I have nothing left.” His heart aches with each admittance of his failures. “Monsters had attacked us and I don’t know how I came upon this shore, but please– if you could just give me shelter for a while until I find a way back, I would do my best to be out of your hair. Is this possible? I would not get in your way…”Jeongguk rambles. Where the sudden burst of energy to speak comes from, he can’t say, but he unloads it all…until he halts. For the stranger, they say nothing and do not move from their spot, remaining quiet all the while. Dread amasses in the pit of Jeongguk’s stomach then, as the feeling licks at him, his brain whispering how wrong this all is. Wouldn’t a stranger rush to help him or assure him that he would be fine? Wouldn’t they quench his thirst at the very least and assure him of shelter?Shouldn’t a stranger show their face at the very least?He can see the lower front of the stranger’s face. Alarms ring when he sees a mouth quirked up, something he missed in his rambling daze. It swirls in his veins when he sees a golden hand come out of the robe and push the hood down, and Jeongguk is finally convinced he really did die and this is all a fever dream.Because the stranger in front of him– no, a man– is no ordinary human being.It’s the beauty that strikes Jeongguk dumb– it is inhuman. The stranger–a man, by his best guess, but he doesn’t think the person fits into any category his people could have come up with–has a nearly symmetrical face, golden even in the dim light, hair so black the light bounces off it, large eyes and lips bitten red and plump. The lips smirk, but for Jeongguk it’s not these features that strike fear in his heart.No, it’s the cruelty dancing in the being’s eyes that alights his heart into a new fiery rhythm. He recalls what the person had called him– human as if he were not, and Jeongguk’s mind finally hooks on– he’s on an island in the middle of nowhere with the wreckage of his ship floating around. The island he’s on is too lone, too flawless as if enticing passers to approach, and he’s facing someone who looks at him like he’s prey fallen into an open trap.His heart seizes with a new horror dawning upon him.“And why would I help human filth like you?” The man enquires in the same soft melody, but the words have no soothing harmony, jilted as they are by the cruel intentions painted on the beatific face. It’s the venom in his voice that makes Jeongguk shuffle back, a movement that does not go amiss by the stranger, who smiles even more wickedly. “Stay a little, there’s nothing to fear,” he croons, and Jeongguk knows now why the voice is so familiar.The creatures that had whispered pretty lies in his head before he submerged had the same voice, after all.Terror gripping his veins even as Jeongguk tightens his hold in the sand fruitlessly, he understands who he’s come across. Or rather, what, and how it’s all out of his control.“You. You are the Siren at the Sea,” he says meekly, unable to procure the horror that trashes deep within, whining at his blood to get up and run. Where to, he doesn’t know, but just run away.The statement, if anything, brightens the man’s smile, making him almost impossible to look at; it’s too much beauty for Jeongguk to face.“Oh, is that what they’re calling me now?” He quips, taking a step forward, robe trailing behind. It’s almost as if he’s walking a little above the sand, for his entire outfit remains immaculate, shimmering purple all over despite its voluminous dark depth. “I haven’t heard that one in a while. Even now, they’re still so wrong.” His eyes twinkle with mirth even as he looks down upon Jeongguk like…like the filth he is. “I was never the Siren in the first place, though my lovely ones enjoyed the fine meal you provided.”The man smiles once more before walking past Jeongguk’s shrunken form, his robe brushing him in the face, the soft material of it shaking him out of his stupor. The robe– the man– no. The Siren, the monster he had been seeking is right in front of his eyes. He looks nothing like a monster should, like that horrid creature had been or those humanoid ones eating his men alive; he looks nothing like the rumours that had brought him here, so ordinarily human-looking yet not even close to one– just plain otherworldly. Inhuman, but moulded like his people.The man was not the Siren but he controlled them, possibly still does, as if it were a game to him, and had grandly admitted to– to killing his crew in cold blood without a hint of remorse. For a brief moment, Jeongguk questions if the man had something to do with the mammoth sea monster that picked off his crew one by one as well.The man loiters amongst a garden patch on the side, humming and swaying as if he has no care in the world, as if he didn’t wreck Jeongguk’s ship, admitted do doing so with such glee, and instead is just there–Jeongguk is going to be sick.  He shoves a hand in his tunic pocket and finds the compass tucked away as if afterthought had told him to keep it, useless as it was. And it is broken and dull– which means he can’t go back home. He can’t fix this and find a way back to Sunsong, he’s stuck here with a thing that controls the famed Sirens, this thing that had called him human as if he were filth and beneath him, and– and he’s alone–Jeongguk has no drive, but rage blisters like burning coal, steaming his veins and heart, a roar echoing in his mind. He finds himself standing up, grief merging with the pain, at his solitude and his crew dying at the hands of this creature, his grand plan failing so badly, so astronomically that the gods were probably laughing down upon him. He’s trapped on a fucking island with no ship and no way back home–grief and rage dance furiously and cloud his vision, driving him forward till he’s behind the man, who is picking out stupid flowers for whatever evil thing he’s making on this gods forsaken place– but he forgets that this stranger is also an infamous monster feared by travellers far and wide, that he has terrorised the seas for long and that there is no chance of escape from him.Jeongguk blanks out and clasps a hand on the man’s shoulder, whirling him around–his anger floods out.“How dare you,” he spits, speckles of it flying out. The man should drown in his own blood, though it wouldn’t be red like his, would it. Strange and alien, like whatever kind of species he belongs to. “You murdered them! You fiend, you–you curse upon this world, you killed them as if they were mere playthings for you, have you no shame? How you could even have such horrors in these seas and unleash them upon us, how dare you–”Sharp sting surges along the arm clutching the robes at the man’s shoulder, and a scream bursts out of Jeongguk’s lips as he twists his arms away and falls into the sand, the man towering over him once again–cold rage painted vibrant on his face. The pain encases all over his body gradually, and he whimpers into the sand.“Many have lost their lives for less than that,” the man spits out venomously, straightening his robe and brushing off as if Jeongguk had soiled it by his touch, and he was righting a wrong. The pain is unbearable and Jeongguk trashes with it, curling in on himself like a foetus, wanting it gone, anything, oh gods–“Please,” he cries out brokenly, sand getting onto his tongue. “Please, spare me, stop this, please–”The man tuts, kneeling down next to Jeongguk a soft smile on his face, seemingly enjoying the despair Jeongguk feels to his very bones. “Shouldn’t you humans add something more? Words of apologies, perhaps?” A knuckle caresses Jeongguk’s blood-streaked cheek and he sobs, despising how the touch feels.“I am sorry,” he chokes out, the pain reaching his neck, amplifying all the cuts and slashes he has. His eyes had been shut but he fights to open them, hoping the creature can see his remorse though rage swells in his heart. “I wasn’t– I wasn’t thinking, I mistook you for– for someone weak.” His temples will be crushed under the pain, he just knows it. Is it supposed to burn so hot? Even the sun is not in the skies. “Please– I’ll do anything– just stop, I’m so sorry–”The pain stops as suddenly as it had built and he feels the man pet his hair gently.“That’s good enough. I’m thrilled that you know your place.” And then he parts, leaving Jeongguk curled into the sand, heaving more the grainy particles than air, the intense pain receding in slow waves.Jeongguk closes his eyes to the dusky skies and cries some more. || Aches, hunger and thirst.They plague him, pinching him in abrupt waves that no amount of curling is enough to curb. The sand has cooled– though it’s gotten into his wounds and rubbing his skin raw. But it’s his throat– his tongue, mouth, even his damned eyes–that are scorched dry. Thirst scrapes inside with each breath, so desperate for even a drop of water –but Jeongguk can’t move. He doesn’t want to, wants to forever remain in this position, for the gods to take pity on him and take him away, take him to the safety of his mother’s womb and save him from ever having lived this life.The yearning for escape is strong, but not as strong as the way his gut eats at him, which is how he comes to consciousness. After the gods know how long.This time, he isn’t met with the sun’s punishing assault or the putrid salt– its dawn or the melting dusk of another evening passed. The air is blissfully cool against his exposed skin, but pricks at the open cuts. There would be a risk of infection if there isn’t already, and the reality has another sob build deep inside Jeongguk–to lose his life to an infection of all things­–He unwinds and lies gingerly on his back, every single part of his body hurting. His head pounds; the sand is uncomfortable and inside his wounds, leaving more scratches the longer he remains and moves around. His muscles are sore from the position he had been in and the pain bleeds out in slow waves.Jeongguk is still alive.Hunger, thirst and pain are the ways one knows they’re surviving. That they made it despite the odds. Yet, instead of relief, Jeongguk feels the scrawls of hopelessness across his chest, enticing him to give up. And he is tempted, given how easy it would be to simply close his eyes and succumb to his fate– but that’s not who he is either. No, on the other plane is his determination– or his stubbornness– that got him into this mess. So it would be what got him out of it, too.And that means– he needs to survive. Has to want to survive, even if his heart weighs heavy with guilt and despair. He cannot die like this, he won’t allow himself to yield to that temptation– he can’t allow the lost lives of his crew to go in vain and he can’t wish to join them. He can’t consider any other alternative.So there has to be water on his tongue and food in his belly. Jeongguk doesn’t want to face the creature– not after last night or whenever the punishing pain had been inflicted, he doesn’t know how long he had remained unconscious– but he also doesn’t know how long he’d be kept alive. The creature was known for killing everything that came in its path. By some odds, Jeongguk had lived. By sheer damn luck, he had been hauled to this island to live, as if there were a grander game the Fates were yet to unravel, things the stories had never anticipated or prepared him for.He doesn’t know how the odds would play out now, but he might as well as make the most of the ones present.His mind and eyes race with clarity for the first time in a while, the new goal melding into his being. Survival, after all, was core to humans, to him. He had never felt the abject need to survive before, safe and protected as he had been– but it was now coming all to fruition. And Jeongguk had to prove that he was up to the challenge.Clarity didn’t mean strength, however. It takes him almost two tries to heave himself to his front; he slaps a hand forward onto the sand and drags himself upward vertically, hissing at the sand chafing against the skin on his front.Jeongguk grits his teeth and keeps it all in. The cottage is not far– not as far as it had been when he first woke up. Running dry as he is, he can still make it. He has to, for there is only that or dying disgracefully.He closes his eyes and keeps dragging himself until his head bumps into something, which turns out to be the border of the cottage. He gazes upwards and sees his next trial– a set of three steps, broad but large, leading up the door.Jeongguk groans and with a huff pushes himself upwards, his ribs tender with pain. He blinks away the dark spots in his eyes– he will lose his consciousness soon, and he isn’t sure if he’d wake up a third time. He’s never tested his body like this and doesn’t know its limits. Why had Yoongi never taught him anything on starvation?The thought of Yoongi on his mind hurts; he clamps down on it because he can’t afford to be blindsided by his emotions. He will survive so he can see his mentor and his other family, once more. Food and water. Get to that first.Knees ache with each drag across the steps, the stone pressing into his bones. In the first attempt, he nearly breaks his jaw falling as he tries to maintain his balance with his body. His arms tremble with the exertion, and the agony is so loud Jeongguk tastes blood from biting his lip so hard.Through the haze, Jeongguk finds himself on the top step, at last, facing the door– it’s made of some type of wood that he can’t recognise, rich and clean, with some intricate design on it that he can’t discern and doesn’t care to. With the remaining strength in his arm and shame licking his heart, Jeongguk raises a fist and knocks feebly against the door, each thump vibrating back into his hollow bones.There isn’t an answer to his call until the door opens all of a sudden, and he nearly falls through before stopping himself. He can’t raise his head, hanging as it is from the exertion, and can only see the tail ends of a black robe. He doesn’t know if he can face the man or look him in the eye even as he begs– begs for a chance at life.“Now what do we have here?” He hears the man murmur above him. Jeongguk hates his voice– it’s the same soft melody, and it’s unfair that such an evil entity possesses a voice sweet enough for babies’ lullabies.But no matter the hatred– beg he must. “Please– I need water, and to eat–” Jeongguk mumbles, tongue drier than ever, refusing to accommodate speech.“I can’t hear you, dear,” the man says, stepping much too close for comfort, the smoothness of his robes rubbing into Jeongguk’s face. It smells good, even if he wants to throw up at appreciating anything about this man. “Shouldn’t you look at me when you talk?” The man tuts, tips of fingers grazing briefly through his hair. “How very rude of you.”Jeongguk burns with hate– that’s all he can fucking do, the only thing he can feel, or else he’d fall into the comforting coldness of despair that haunts his mind. His teeth hurt from grinding but manages to look up and glare. Though his hair falls into his eyes, he is met with the same face dancing in its cruel light, the plump mouth curved sideways. The man coos and phantom fingers brush away his strands, for the man’s hand is by his side. He isn’t sure what he felt earlier but he focuses on not flinching at the man touching him, even though he’s sure the man hasn’t moved a single hand. He must be cooking up delusions in his starved mind.“How pretty you are like this,” the man muses, lips pressed together, cruel amusement dancing in his eyes. “Go on then. Ask what you want– or are you just going to glare at me until you shrivel on my doorstep?”Right. Jeongguk had a goal, and he wouldn’t let this infuriating thing take it from him. Not after– everything he had lost. Remember it all.  “I– I need to eat. And drink. And dress these wounds.” It disgusts him to plead this way. Then he remembers that it’s not quite one yet, recalling the pain of what the man had imposed earlier. “Please.”“You remember your manners now,” the creature whispers delightedly. His voice doesn’t match the promise of malice on his face. Then fast as lightning, his expression changes to one of disgusted anger. It gives Jeongguk whiplash. “I asked you once and I’ll do it again– why would I help you? Or rather, why should I help you?”Gods, Jeongguk doesn’t give a fuck. He wants to eat and drink like he never will again, which he very well might not if this man doesn’t give up his theatrics. His head hammers with each passing moment, threatening to cleave apart; he can smell the island around, the produce and the fragrance coming in from behind the man. If he doesn’t fucking beg, he’s going to waste away here and become a pile of bones. Something for the Siren to pick apart and clean for something later on.The fear of fading like that makes the idea click inside his nearly empty mind. Desperation is a funny thing. Clearly the creature had a penchant for tormenting helpless castaways like him. If that’s what the Siren wanted– Jeongguk was just going to call him that for now– then Jeongguk would play that desperate, pathetic human for him.“Because if you take care of me now, taking me apart later would be so much more fun.”It’s a gamble. Jeongguk flings it out with abandon because there’s nothing really worse than this. The man can either buy it or recognise the bait for what it is and laugh him in the face, leaving Jeongguk to wither away. He would like that– the helplessness, fear, weakness and despair– probably make a sport of humans if he abhors them. So Jeongguk would beg, he’d fucking go down pleading if appealing to the Siren would get him the food in his belly.The man raises an eyebrow– his face is impassive, but a sprig of hope shoots inside. Clearly the man wasn’t expecting this– maybe his prey never talked back. Jeongguk doesn’t care though, for the food, he can smell it, goodness–The man turns away and goes inside, and Jeongguk nearly cries out until he realises the door isn’t closed. The man comes out before he can even think of stepping foot inside– and throws something at Jeongguk’s face. The twinge comes a moment later, but he sees the supplies for what they are– pouches and bandages. Nothing edible whatsoever.“I suppose you do make sense. See if your human self can figure out how to last.”He feels the force of the door slamming close, the shrill echo ringing in his ears. Around him, there are only the pouches and bandages scattered, but as he scrambles around amongst them he realises he didn’t get the one thing he had explicitly asked for–Humiliation floods through as his fate crashes around. Pathetic, that’s what he is– the way he has no way to go or save himself, that despite wringing himself dry in front of such a despicable thing he got nothing out of it. Here he is, without food and water barely hanging on to the hope of survival.This is what he broke his promise to Jimin for.He clutches at the materials he’s been given, willing himself not to cry though his very soul seems to weep, Jimin’s words and pleas tumbling around in his head along with the kindled hate, peppered with growing hopelessness. He can’t be a bag of bones, that can’t be his legacy, but the challenge in the Siren’s voice– as if it believed humans weren’t smart enough or were too weak to live, but how was he weak, when he didn’t have all the tools to survive? When he looked within for hope and was only met with the grumbling of his stomach reminding him of his wretched human limits?He doesn’t know what or who the Siren is to pass such judgement, but it offsets everything remaining in his mind, every pinch of despair, hope and anger all mixing together so fast they leave him breathless. It trails behind as he trudges out and holds the bandages like they are a lifeline, which they are, because he can feel his wounds worsening. A few tears escape his eyes even as he manages to make it to the edges of the water, water that he cannot drink, which seems a cruel joke by itself. It taunts him, but the salt on his tongue reminds him why he can’t give in.He douses some of the cloth into the saltwater, wincing when it connects with some of his cuts as he cleans them. Having lived all his life in a coastal region meant Jeongguk knew about the healing properties of saltwater; however, for some of his bigger wounds– it wouldn’t be enough. Even if he managed to get some strength into himself, the wounds would be his downfall unless they were cured. The first signs of progressing infection would hit him soon; despite the heat present on the island, he could feel shivers amassing upon him. It was always the fever that spelt bad news. If Jeongguk had the courage to check his calf or his ribs, he knows he would face a rot that smelt like a stroll into Death’s arms.He does his best to clean the injuries he can see and face, grimacing at the subsequent sting left behind. He then opens some of the pouches and discovers small patches of healing herbs, cut into neat square shapes which he immediately rubs into some of his cuts and the abrasions on his hands. They burn with a vengeance, seeping into his skin and turning the surface into a faded green. For his calf, Jeongguk can only splash water on it, hoping the bigger cut isn’t too bad and that he won’t have to lose a leg– goodness. Isn’t that what Jimin had joked about at their farewell? That Jeongguk comes back any which way he can, even if he’s losing a leg, as long as his heart is beating.He sits on the sand, feeling energised from the cleaning and whatever side effects the herbs had, which wouldn’t last too long. He recalls Jimin’s words constantly, looking at his leg, the trousers in tatters and barely holding on. His heart is beating, isn’t it? He may lose a limb, but so far he’s alive. He needs to hold on for a few moments more, maybe understand what the Siren is all about and find a way to get sustenance. If he could get bare medical supplies, surely he could bow down long enough to eat and drink.He was alive enough to keep his promise to Jimin, and that’s what mattered. That’s what had always mattered. Come back home to me. That’s all I ask of you.The words a haunting melody in his head, Jeongguk lies down once again and the sun puts him to sleep.   The sweltering heat has been a constant from the moment he had shipwrecked upon this wretched place. It is a surprise, thus, when he wakes to ice-cold water splashed onto his face, the relief so welcome Jeongguk nearly moans before he realises where he is and how there is no relief whatsoever.“You were in my way,” a voice speaks above him, low and muffled as he shakes out the water in his ear. A breeze picks up around him enough that it cools down his body, a reprieve from the warmth surrounding him.Jeongguk blinks out the water and looks up to find the Siren in his dark robes, only this time he’s carrying an empty pail on his hip– probably the pail that threw the water on him in the first place. The man has the same unpleasant amusement on his face, a smile curled sideways. It grates at him how the man is so effortlessly beautiful while Jeongguk is barely hanging on to the edge, possibly looks and definitely feels filthy.“Did you have a good nap?” The man asks casually, moving away towards the edge of the shore, filling the pail with seawater. He’s simply uncaring of the fact that he has his back to Jeongguk and could be in danger. Or maybe not, given the way Jeongguk’s head spins the moment he sits up. Gods, he’s going to be sick, the bile and acid embroiled in a merry dance, waiting to come out. “I honestly thought for a moment you’d withered away, as you and your brethren are often known to do. Thought I’d check.”It hurts. Staying alive hurts, yet all Jeongguk can think about with stark clarity is that the water was cold and fresh, which means–“You threw drinking water at me?” He croaks out. His vocal cords feel like they would shred apart the drier they go. It’s not possible for a human to survive without water, is it? How long could he go on like this?The man hums, setting the pail down in front of Jeongguk. “I suppose I did.”“I asked you,” Jeongguk heaves, hating the taste in his mouth as it builds steadily. “No, I begged you to show mercy and give me some water.”The man smiles down at him, a picture of perfect innocence. “And I gave it to you, didn’t I?” He lifts the pail, though it doesn’t seem like he’s strained at all. “You never clarified you wanted to drink it.”It’s the sheer ridiculousness of the situation, he thinks, that feels like the last straw; even as disbelief colours him inside, Jeongguk hurls out everything he could possibly have right onto the Siren’s shoes and the hem of his robes. The man hisses and moves away swiftly, kicking Jeongguk so fiercely he falls down without a fight, only this time he chuckles weakly through the taste of bile and acid. Now, he’s truly empty with nothing more to give and nothing more to lose.Now, that he knows how the stranger plays, he is a void of despair.He can hear the Siren curse in the background, a few quick snaps of fingers that he can’t assign meaning to even as he faces the hurting blue of the skies above. He was at the mercy of the stranger. The stranger liked to be pleaded to, but could easily twist his pleas into something else entirely, causing more cuts of misery in Jeongguk’s heart. Where was the herb or bandage for that? How was Jeongguk supposed to keep his promise when the odds seem stacked so high and wobbly?“You are such a nuisance, aren’t you,” the man mutters, venom spreading in to his soft words. Jeongguk imagines the punishment for ruining the robes would be something akin to that agony the first day he woke up. “That was my favourite robe, you know. It’s all you humans ever do, take and take and never account for anything–”“Please,” Jeongguk rasps, unable to raise himself. He’s so dizzy, feels his blood move sluggishly like fizzy barley mead, slowing down everything, including time. “Do what you want. Punish me, however, just please give me something to eat. And water. That I can consume.” It hurts his pride to beg this way, yet Jeongguk would lay down his bare-bones if it meant he could sit up without the pain haunting him.The Siren falls silent. Jeongguk can’t see him, and the other doesn’t deign to present himself into his view. Instead, he hears a few more finger snaps, like mellow clicks, a sharp scent of lavender briefly filtering through– before something hits his chest and falls over. Jeongguk’s fingers trace the path and meet with a surface that feels soft and warm, a little grainy and–Jeongguk rises up with the knowledge that he’s touching actual bread. On his right he notices a pitcher of water, so clean it reflects the blue of the sky. He looks back at the bread in his hand; it’s a decent-sized loaf, fresh and smelling like heaven.He gazes above to see the man having a blank face, none of the previous mirth or cruel amusement present before he takes his pail and turns away from Jeongguk without a word, towards the herb patch on the other end.Jeongguk doesn’t wait, nearly tearing into the bread, afraid that it could be a trick and vanish, or somehow not be bread, but that is not the case, for the moment he tastes he knows it’s true and moans at the flavour bursting into his mouth. He wants to consume it all and never stop, but some remaining sense in his mind reminds him of Yoongi’s lessons– eating food after a long period of starvation would be rejected by the body, and it would all go to waste. With great difficulty he reduces his bites to small parts, washing them down with generous gulps of water so cold and refreshing his entire body cries and sings with pleasure.It’s not much but– it’s enough for now, a gift from the gods perhaps that some semblance of goodness exists in such an immoral being. The Siren is busy plucking something from his garden, periodically sprinkling the water from the pail over the plants, though Jeongguk is vaguely aware that nothing grows in saltwater. He is unable to focus for long, however, when plain fucking bread is the most delicious thing he’s ever had in his life at the moment. Foolishly, he finds himself finishing the entire loaf– foolish, for he doesn’t know when he’ll get to eat next, but Jeongguk is beyond caring, answering only his body’s call– he would plead for more later on, and if not, then he hopes he won’t suffer too much before he dies off and lets the crows peck at his corpse.The interlude with food allows some strength to flow into him, his gaze far more alert than it has been in days, and all the sensations feel so sensitive. He’s more aware of the soreness that hangs over him like a dark cloud, and also the filth in the crevices of his body. The stink he senses is too much to bear, and so Jeongguk stands up– there is strength, but his legs still tremble with effort– and walks straight into the water, going under for a moment, the sounds of the world drowned all around. The silence is a gift too, though his need for air overpowers the need for quiet, and he comes out, gasping slightly. He can feel each pump of his heart, the way his lungs contract from straining for so long. Uncaring of the salt, he rubs his skin, cleaning out some of the initial herbs he’d put in, enjoying briefly the sting of salt on raw flesh now that he’s awake enough to feel what he couldn’t in his delirium. The wound on his calf throbs with a fresh burst of pain, yet Jeongguk can’t face the reality, doesn’t want to for fear of losing a limb.He cleans thoroughly and perhaps a bit roughly, wanting to make the most out of his fleeting energy. Once he deems himself clean enough, he trudges out of the water, clothes dripping and sticking to his skin, shivering as the sea breeze brushes against him. He can feel the Siren’s gaze sliding off him like oil and shudders, hoping the Siren isn’t someone that preys on its victims other ways. The very thought of it roils the bread settling into his belly, and Jeongguk clamps his mouth, not wanting to vomit the food he had finally managed to get.He can sense the weariness ascending ever so slowly, but he persists, taking the remaining herb patches and bandages and redressing his wounds with precision, now that he can see and feel better. They’re not entirely bad– cuts from the rocks he must have clashed against, abrasions of the sand and the rope he had held on to. His clothes, or whatever is left of them, are no longer the white they had started out to be. A few more days and they would fall from his skin, in which case he would be forced to face the elements of nature along with a malevolent creature that took pleasure in his suffering.Once his more manageable wounds are covered, Jeongguk gulps as he faces his calf, which by now screams from any sort of movement he makes. Hands shaking, he lifts the leg of his trouser to check– and promptly drops it, horrified at the state of the wound. The sick taste returns with an ebbing force, but Jeongguk holds on– he needs to know. Has to know, or he will succumb.He squeezes his eyes shuts and breathes through his mouth, gingerly lifting the cloth once again. The condition of the wound is far worse than he thought– it’s a deep, raw red, the edges of it dark with decay and sand crusted in between some of the layers. Something tore at his leg in a way he can’t recall, having gone under so quickly, but it could only have been a sharp rock or those creatures in the sea– the actual sirens, though he never came face to face with any of them.He winces as he twists his calf left and right, the pain steadily increasing with each movement. In some areas, the wound glistens with pus, which nearly makes Jeongguk throw up again before he breathes out in a shuddering wave and carries on. He takes the remaining bandage, gritting his teeth as he dabs at some of the bloody parts, using the edges of it to clear out the sand granules. When he tries to apply the remaining herb patch on it, he huffs through his teeth as the wound protests with a sharp prick echoing all over his body.He covers it with his trouser, packing away the dirty bandages. It’s late afternoon now; when Jeongguk looks over to the garden patch, he finds that the Siren is no longer present and he’s entirely on his own. He’s bone-tired, every muscle sore and aching, and the ground below beckoning him to sleep once again. Jeongguk resists, however, making use of the rare respite from delirious dizziness that had fogged over his mind. The island seems small– almost half the size of his town. In front of him is the entry towards the ocean, calm and a vibrant blue-green unlike the day he’d been choked out; there is an outcropping of rocks towards his left, containing all shapes and sizes some distance away. Jeongguk doesn’t want to think of how far out he was or how he’d managed to make it to land, whether he’d been dragged here by the sirens or the man. He can no longer see the broken remains of his ship, and the thought causes a twinge in his heart. It was the very first construction that he poured everything into, and now it was gone, smashed to pieces by a little bit of bad weather. Or malevolent forces, which would make more sense.Behind him is the cottage, which isn’t as far as he’d first thought, as his pained mind had convinced him it was–if Jeongguk were healthy and well-fed, he could make it to the entrance in a couple of long strides. Surrounding it is dense green foliage thick with strange, colourful flowers that he’s never seen before, and they wrap around the cottage– as if there’s a behind to explore, too. Towards the right of the cottage is a large garden or vegetable patch of sorts– some of the product he can recognise, and some he can’t, while there are a bunch of plants that glow gradually as night time approaches. And next to them is a small table that looks like it’s made of marble or some stone, Jeongguk can’t distinguish between the whiteness of it or how there’s a lazy sheen on it from the fading afternoon sunlight.It’s a moment he gets to have with himself after a long time. He’s alone and alive, but the constant ticking of surviving isn’t so loud in his head anymore. The island is gorgeous, admittedly: well-kept and pristine, the sand white and fine. It cools ever so slowly, the touch not so hot anymore, and Jeongguk allows himself that moment. Before his stomach growls again and his throat dries up, before his mind dwells deep into the need to live rather than want– he allows himself that peace.And with that peace, he lays down once more and drifts of to the lull of the waves beyond. || Despite his worst fears, Jeongguk wakes quite normally this time around.Gratefully, his stomach is silent, even if the low thrum of aching hunger builds ever so slowly. He swallows a couple of times, hoping the saliva is enough to wet his mouth for the time being; at least it doesn’t taste so bad anymore, the aftertaste of bile having long receded. The sea breeze is an ever-present cool against his flushed skin, and Jeongguk shivers, noticing how unusual it is– the climate around the place isn’t abnormally different from what he was used to at Sunsong. He shouldn’t be having any sort of chills; yet, with the shivers comes the awareness of the cut on his calf, and the subsequent understanding that the chills represent an infection.Jeongguk blinks back the tears springing forth, even as he nods to himself. Survive, even if it may cost him a leg. But gods, does he hope it won’t come to that.For the first time in a while, he wakes up well-rested. He’d been expecting vertigo to be his companion henceforth and it’s a relief that it’s not. His mind feels lucid as do his senses, which momentarily give him a sense of safety.It’s then that he hears a constant scraping that grates at his ears. Jeongguk turns towards his right and catches sight of the man seated on the small table, watching him with amused eyes. He’s at a short distance, and just that fact makes Jeongguk apprehensive: why was he simply sitting there? Why was he looking at Jeongguk like that, what sort of sick game did he have in mind now?Jeongguk breathes deeply to calm himself down, but his body refuses, wanting its safety before he even tries. The man keeps looking before he leans down and eats something; belatedly Jeongguk realises that the scraping came from a spoon being dragged across a plate.Having been nearly starved to death for some days, envy floods Jeongguk’s veins at the ease with which the man eats– and makes a show of it. He’s well-rested enough to feel the anger, the dislike and a little bit of fear for the man in front, but another part of Jeongguk focuses on the food and how easily accessible it is– if not for the man.The man notices, of course, he does. Jeongguk keeps his eyes locked with him as the man leans across the table, pulls something forward–and then holds out a dish towards Jeongguk, beckoning him forward as if Jeongguk were a lap dog.“You must be hungry,” the man comments, his voice pleasantly soft, none of the venom Jeongguk had been hearing so far. “You can have this.”Jeongguk doesn’t trust him one bit. He scoffs before turning away, looking up at the stars bright in the night sky.He hears the man tut but stubbornly keeps looking above. Knowing that the food is right there makes the budding ache in his belly stronger, enough to make Jeongguk curse internally. He shouldn’t have been so inquisitive. If he hadn’t known food was an option, he would have lulled his stomach into silence with false promises. But now his body knows and it will clamour at him until he beats his pride down and begs again. And Jeongguk does not want to beg.“You were begging so sweetly for the bread a couple of hours ago,” the man says in that same tone, and the scraping resumes. It only seeks to tempt him further. “Surely you must be craving for more sustenance.”“I don’t need your food,” Jeongguk spits out. His voice is so hoarse, almost unused since all he’s done since he knew where he had landed was cry and beg. “I was not in my right mind then.”“Don’t be silly, darling,” the man coos. The smell of the food intensifies as if the man was deliberately enhancing the fragrance to entice Jeongguk into wanting it. Disgust runs through him because he can see it, see himself crawling towards the dish and taking it, or being within reach of it and the man taking it away at the last moment, holding it over him until Jeongguk is near tears. Jeongguk can’t bear the image, the way it makes him feel, how everything feels like a tightrope he’s supposed to walk on and hopefully never fall from.And all he’s done is fall since the moment he opened his eyes.The man continues speaking as if Jeongguk’s stubborn silence doesn’t have any value. Which it probably doesn’t. “You humans have always piqued my curiosity, you know.” Jeongguk keeps away, though the man’s voice sounds a bit closer. “Though not so much that your existence doesn’t disgust me. So unrelenting, so stubborn. Your kind refuses to yield, don’t they?”“It’s called not trusting the hand of a stranger that insists on feeding them,” Jeongguk bites back, unable to stop himself. He should be the bigger person, should ignore the man, but Jeongguk doesn’t know what the man is. He’s not the Siren, but he’s definitely something sinister and not someone to be tackled with. Jeongguk is livid, but he doesn’t want to go through that languishing pain that the man had meted out the first time; the memory of it refuses to leave his mind, the way he’d curled onto himself as if he were a baby in a womb. Jeongguk is angry, but he’s not stupid. At least, he hopes he isn’t.“Trust. How strange you hold on to it, when you break it every moment you live, hmm?” The voice is closer, close enough that Jeongguk frowns, turning to face the man again and finding him still sat on the table, head supported by a fist. Somehow, his voice carried over. “Don’t be a bother. Eat this food; don’t you want to live?”“I told you before–”“You were so pretty, tears and snot begging for help and you get, what, a loaf of bread, water and herbs, and you think you can live forever?” The man raises his head to flick dirt from his fingernails, shaking his head all the while. “In my experience, humans have always believed themselves to be invincible.”“Well, I’ve managed to live so long,” Jeongguk smarts, pettiness colouring the edges of his words. He wants the man to shut up. Also, his stomach, gods, could it not control itself?There’s a glint in the man’s eyes. “And in a couple of days, that leg of yours will be beyond saving, and all your bold claims of living won’t suffice.” He edges the dish forward. “Don’t be foolish like your kind before you. Eat. I won’t offer it again.”How kind of you, Jeongguk thinks pettily, while looking at the dish. It’s odd how much the stranger is insisting on Jeongguk maintaining his diet or his needs, and he does want to question, to know the motives of the man, to know why he cares that Jeongguk’s leg might be beyond help and what he gets out of it, but his hunger, gods damned, a traitor in the making, tells his mind to shut up and take the food.Anger makes him want to stop and get close enough to sock the man in the eye, but hunger trumps even that, especially when the stranger drinks something from a pitcher of his own, and Jeongguk is reminded of his thirst. Maybe the stranger is right; being human wasn’t good, because his emotions conflict with his physical needs and nothing makes sense.Jeongguk grits his teeth, pressing his shoulders back into the sand, turning sideways and raising himself with a grunt as the skin around his ribs stretch and his leg shoots with pain. He pretends he can’t hear the low chuckles of the man in front, using his arm strength to shakily lift himself off the ground like a baby bird with new legs. His chest heaves with the effort, sweat dotted across his hairline and falling down the back of his neck.It really feels horrid to be a human right now, even if Jeongguk doesn’t know what exactly the man in front is.He limps towards the table, keeping an eye out for any sort of traps or movements that the man would make. It’s almost alarming how calm and collected the man is, simply sitting at the table with his elbows on the surface supporting his chin. Jeongguk belatedly realises that there’s a candle in the centre, and if he were his normal person back in a pub in Sunsong, he could have tricked himself into thinking he was courting someone.He nearly spits out the disgust the thought of courting this entity gives him. The creature probably didn’t even know what it was, given how much it hated humans despite its humanoid appearance.The other side effect of being well-rested is that Jeongguk is even more aware of the man’s overwhelming beauty. It makes nausea bubble in the pit of his stomach, so much so that he averts his eyes, unable to face it for long. It was somehow easier when he was convinced he’d fall dead, and he couldn’t make sense of his surroundings; now, everything is picture clear and devastating to behold. Jeongguk stumbles into the narrow bench constructed and groans in pain as his muscles protest all the movement.He looks down, holding his head and trusting that the spinning isn’t a sign of an oncoming headache; he could do without the ache right now. The surface of the table is smooth granite and not marble like he had initially guessed; it’s peculiar to have– for a castaway island in the middle of nowhere, there were a lot of things depicting human civilisation. Suspicion crawls across his skin, but Jeongguk isn’t able to question before his vision is blocked by a dish that smells mouth-watering. It’s a plate of some meat-based stew– and just as appetising, with the fragrance of the herbs overpowering every other scent. Jeongguk looks up and finds the man watching him, his face set into that familiar stoicism.It bothers Jeongguk how the man, the Siren, whatever– moulds himself into different moods and leaves no hint for Jeongguk to pick up on, no indication whatsoever on what he plans do with him or whether his life is forfeit or not. Jeongguk is in the blind here– and that makes the fear run wild deep inside. He puts up a brave façade, but is there a point to it? Should he even try to figure him out?Jeongguk bows down his head and takes the spoon to scoop up the stew; it’s just as delicious as it looked and smelt. He does his best not to moan over it, or the way it goes down smoothly to quell the cries of his hunger. The pitcher of cold water washing it down enhances the whole experience so much so that Jeongguk’s head spins.That’s the first sign. Jeongguk takes a few more bites until each bite is too slow, his jaw aching from chewing it far longer than he’s supposed to. He looks down to find the contents of the dish blurring in front of him, and his tongue tingles slightly, heavy as wet cotton.Food wasn’t supposed to feel that way.Jeongguk looks up to find the Siren smiling at him– the smile doesn’t reach his eyes, which are cold and cruel as ever. He blurs in front of Jeongguk’s eyes and Jeongguk blinks several times to clear his vision but to no avail, for each blink makes his eyes heavier and ready to close. Panic colours his veins as his fist hits the granite surface to hold himself steady, the rush of meat like sludge down his throat. His head whirls with each moment he keeps it up, and all Jeongguk wants to do is crash straight into a surface and sleep.“What did you do?” He asks, his voice shaking and sounding so far away as if someone else were speaking for him. He doesn’t feel sick; on the contrary, he feels okay, no pain except for the ones that have been plaguing him for a while now. The only issue is how he can’t focus as he had been mere moments ago.The Siren leans forward slightly and reaches a hand out towards Jeongguk, who tries to slap it away weakly but fails. The man’s fingers brush away some of his hair with too gentle a touch, but his face says otherwise; it promises nothing but amusement on Jeongguk’s behalf.“Nothing much, just a little something to spice the dish up,” he murmurs, his voice wheedling his way into Jeongguk’s mind like a caress, just like when he had heard the song. Jeongguk fights to keep it away, but perhaps it’s too late now. “You’re so stubborn, even half-starved and nearly dead. You would never have listened to me, darling.”“Listened to what…?” Jeongguk stops his attempts to ward off the man’s hand and clutches his head to stop it from fucking spinning. It’s the oddest dizziness, for there’s no actual discomfort save that his body begs him to close his eyes and rest. The plea terrifies him. “Oh gods, I don’t want to die…”He leans sideways as he mutters so, the tabletop the only thing that stops him from falling straight into the ground below. He feels cold as well, and his leg lights up again with pain, adding to it all the more and making him wish he were dead.He feels hands– real, phantom, he can’t tell, the man doesn’t seem to have moved– cradle his head. Through the roar in his head, he hears soft words.“Oh, but you’re much too pretty to die like typical human filth.”He feels fingers brush over his eyelids and for the umpteenth time all the while he’s been on the island, Jeongguk’s mind becomes a black rush and he closes his eyes.  He’s tired of waking like this.It’s not the cold stone at his back, or that he wakes up to entirely new surroundings. There are some herbs hanging above his head and chills run down his body. But it’s not that which grasps his attention.He’s simply tired of the many times he’s gone and come out of consciousness. When he had been younger and read the adventures of other travellers, he had imagined a world of possibilities. Of new cultures, people and seas to explore, perfecting the art of survival on the ocean and coming back home a seasoned veteran. Jeongguk had dreamt of that for as long as he had known the ocean existed for him to search.None of those stories spoke about unflattering winds or unruly seas, ships breaking and monsters in the deep blue. There was never a moment of starving because sea travel was a noble profession and though dangerous and long, never meant such constant testing of the body. Yet here was Jeongguk, shipwrecked, broken and injured at the mercy of some creature that lived to terrorise his people. The creature he had foolishly thought to sought out and vanquish and come back home to glory, the seas safe again.Now he’s on a table, in a room he’s never been and– completely naked, it seems.That’s the second thing. He has a cloth over his nether regions, which he’s thankful for, but why is he naked? The vile thoughts of the Siren having its way with him enter unfiltered and Jeongguk attempts to get up, only to find out that he can’t move– at all.There’s a distant humming beside him, and Jeongguk can move just enough to see the man as the source of it, clad in the same dark robes with a bowl in his hand in which he seems to be mixing something. He clears his throat– and the man looks over, amused delight over his features and none of the malice Jeongguk’s faced so far. He raises the spoon in the air, green dripping from it in thick, slimy strands, which the man takes upon his hand and approaches Jeongguk– and applies it to his body.His body is at once cold and sharp, and Jeongguk trashes– the sensation unfamiliar after days of heat and burnings aches– yet he can’t move a bit, stuck to the slab by some extraordinary force which doesn’t make sense; did the man apply some resin to his back while he was unconscious? This shouldn’t have been possible.It is a useless endeavour. Jeongguk winces as the cold from the green residue seeps into his various cuts. He finds that he can open his mouth and his tongue drags across the roof of it. “What are you doing?”The man keeps humming, applying with precise strokes, before moving towards his other side and gliding a finger across his calf. Jeongguk shivers, half in disgust and the other in cool discomfort. He keeps the bowl aside and takes a metal tool out of his robes, with which he scrapes at Jeongguk’s cut. Jeongguk jerks slightly but is trapped, and bites his lips to keep in the whine.“I took pity on you and decided to aid in healing your wounds. I saw you earlier,” the man says, tone low with his head bent down, focusing on Jeongguk’s wound. It’s uncomfortable having him this close, to feel the tips of his hair tickle his skin along with the blade. “Saltwater doesn’t do much; that healing comes much later. Some of your injuries were infected while the rotten skin still remained.”Jeongguk opens his mouth to reply but hisses when the edge of the blade scrapes a little too hard; he can do nothing but bear the pain– which reminds him of why he has to do so.“And why can’t I move?”“Ah, no gratitude for the work I’m putting into this?” The man murmurs, the breath from his speech caressing against his skin. Jeongguk keeps shut, unwilling to give in to the man’s baits. There’s a poke on his wound, and when Jeongguk doesn’t respond still, the man sighs. He raises his head, cleaning the tool on a cloth methodically even as he strips Jeongguk bear with one look. “You needed to be healthy for this part or it would be dangerous for you. And you suspect me, so I had to immobilise you. Your own good and all.” The man waves a hand around, wiping his hands clean before taking the green concoction and spreading it liberally over the cut. It hurts the worst out of all as if the medicine were drawing out the infection. Jeongguk can’t see what it does and can only feel the intense agony.Sweat beads around his hairline and travels down his neck; his hands clutch at the slab beneath– cold, smooth stone doing nothing for a grip. The man moves up and down assessing his body and Jeongguk is too vulnerable, too bare–The man claps his hand and snaps his finger, and Jeongguk watches with growing shock as something purple glows between his hands momentarily before Jeongguk’s body seizes with prickly, tight heat all over. It stings the worst around his many wounds, his entire body sweating from the effort of resisting but to no avail; he’s trapped in a situation similar to the time he was at the man’s mercy, but in a strange, healing way. Through the haze of his pain–fogged mind, he can hear or rather, feel, the slice of skin melding. The heat begins reducing as soon as it had arrived, first from his head, then chest and finally concentrating around his leg before it vanishes in a sharp burst, leaving him gasping on the stone slab.And able to move.The silence pounds at his ears. He blinks several times as the heat is replaced with cool, and the ever-present soreness is gone– its absence strange. His hair is matted to his forehead, his palms and back sliding against the stone with sweat, and the only thing Jeongguk can think is, purple light. That was magic. Surely that was magic.The second thing that snaps him back to reality is rage. Jeongguk is free of his injuries and his limitations, the pain no longer haunting him like a ghost. He is no longer immobilised.The Siren doesn’t see it coming. In a turn that would have been much too fast for his once weak body, Jeongguk leaps from the slab, the cloth falling down to reveal him bare, but he doesn’t care– he’s strong, he can feel it pump through his veins and the pathetic weakness vanish. The rage and hatred rise in mighty waves and that the man in front of him is the cause of all this. Every bloody awful thing since he crashed on the shore.Jeongguk goes for him, whose eyes widen for a brief moment– as if he didn’t see Jeongguk coming for him, how ludicrous– before his face drops into a mask of cool indifference. Jeongguk goes for a hit but the man dodges easily, inky black robes flowing like silk around him. If Jeongguk were in a sane state of mind, he might even have been impressed– for a lone person on an island in the middle of nowhere, the man escapes all of Jeongguk’s attacks with ease, as if it were a dance and not a fight. It pisses Jeongguk off, rightfully, for nothing seems to get through to the man– he begins to laugh at times, a childlike joy on his face as he giggles when Jeongguk misses.The helplessness threatens to crowd him. How could one person be so unafraid? The man was slim, waif-like figure though tall, and he looked like a doll meant to be broken. How had he thrived for so long, held the seas at his mercy and controlled who escaped and who died?Aggravated and fear leaking out of him, Jeongguk leaps in close, hands around the man’s shoulder, crashing into a nearby wall, closing in tight. He grins, but just as he raises a hand to wrap around the man’s painfully slender neck, Jeongguk receives his answer.The man, playful until then, snaps another finger. A gust of wind pushes Jeongguk backwards before the man places a hand on Jeongguk naked chest and presses into the skin.Jeongguk screams even as he chokes out.He claws at his neck, breath locked into the crevices of his throat, his lungs screaming for air. The middle of his chest burns and Jeongguk catches sight of deep, glowing purple– not just around the hand, but lining the man’s entire form. Magic, that’s how.“Did you really think a mortal like you can get away with such disrespect? In my very home?” He sounds so dangerous, mad with anger. “Ungrateful, just like the rest of them. I saved you from your ghastly injuries and you would attack me?”Jeongguk falls to his knees, stone smashing into the bone but the ache is nothing compared to the vital cry for air. His eyes burn with tears, tongue dry and vision darkening around the edges. The man leans down as well, fingers smooth across his throat and a slight airway opening enough for the blessed taste of air. It grows gradually until it stops, but Jeongguk doesn’t take advantage of the moment– he knows now. Knows he can’t be so terribly human with something that was not. With something, weak as it looked, so powerful he could snap Jeongguk in half with a mere thought. He stays on the floor, hand brushing against his skin, head pounding away.Finally, he looks up through the tears, the man looking at him so curiously, as if he weren’t angry a moment ago, murderous rage colouring his face. Unpredictable. His own rage has long gone– it was a brief moment of impulsive madness, but Jeongguk knows better now.Still, he’s not without his reasons, unhinged as his grief made him.“Yes, because you didn’t do it as a favour to me,” he croaks out, throat burning. He takes in a few more gulps. “You did it as a part of your sick game. So if I’m to die, I’d like to get a hit in.”The Siren raises his eyebrows– in shock, in anger, Jeongguk doesn’t know. He just wants to live with whatever dignity he has remaining. He glances away, unsure if he would pay a price for talking back. Perhaps another cut, or reopening of his wounds or maybe even that god awful, throbbing agony. He gulps in more air before he gets up shakily, looking over the man on the ground. He’s looking up with a scowl, as if Jeongguk’s response did displease him, but Jeongguk doesn’t wait. He stalks past him, naked as the day he was born and is out of the cottage, looks at his tattered clothes on the entrance. He wears them with hurried practice, tearing some of them even more in the process, but it’s better than being naked and left to the elements.He can think beyond food, water and pain now. All the things that had plagued his awareness for so long he thought he’d never be rid of them– but now he’s here, healed and not dying by his own body, but with nowhere to go and no plan in mind. What could he plan? A creature that performed magic was his enemy and his barrier to escape. He would always shadow Jeongguk, spring a trap somewhere and watch him get hurt, offer help and then withdraw it, leaving Jeongguk always at his mercy.The fear and anger are the ones that threaten to choke him now. He knows that this creature is not ordinary, is unlike anything stories had ever come up with. He didn’t sing, but his sirens borrowed his voice; he didn’t do much but could inflict pain whenever he wanted. Jeongguk was a plaything for him, and not for a single moment did he believe the goodwill of the being in wanting to treat his ailments.How was he to defeat something that reigned a kingdom of chaos?Jeongguk thought he was angry at the creature, and it was an easy thing to do. The man was despicable with the way it sought pleasure in torturing Jeongguk or make him realise how incredibly fragile his mere mortality was. Yet, he knew it wasn’t just the creature; it was Jeongguk. The pricks of anger caused new wounds in him as he came forth with his stupidity. His delirious naivety and want for boyish adventure. He refused to listen, so now he’s here. He’s in a place he would have liked in any other circumstance, but by a cruel twist of fate, he’s trapped on it with a creature he can’t outthink, run or even beat.The man would always see him coming and would always be on guard. Even if he wasn’t, it wouldn’t take him a moment to blast all of Jeongguk’s plans to smithereens. He had met countless humans like Jeongguk and all of them had died. How was Jeongguk any different?It’s a mockery, how he is in conditions he likes but with no way to escape. Doesn’t think he can, because the famed monster is one not because it eats or kills people but because he can use magic, use it well and terrorise the seas, kill them if he pleases, lure them so he– he can amuse himself. He healed Jeongguk so he could probably hunt him for sport, make him a slave of sorts, maybe.A million possibilities run through his mind as Jeongguk, fuming at himself, watches the tides change and the moon rise, and let a tear of helplessness leak as he faces all of them.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Seven|

   
The ocean in front of him is a vibrant blue-green, the sun reflecting off its surface like glittering diamonds. Beneath him, solid wood, darker in areas where water has made its home, remnants of fish scales and green mould trapped in between. There is chatter everywhere and he is home.Jeongguk is at the Sunsong docks.It’s mid-morning, the sun’s rays filtering in between the clouds, the sea breeze fluttering under his tunic, a cooling balm against the collecting sweat. The waves break the surface of tranquil blue waters, and around him are echoes of fishermen and women shouting at each other, huffing as they pull out the net with the morning’s produce step-by-step. A couple of steps away, towards his left he can hear Yoongi calling out instructions to his men, the hammer against the nails a comforting drill, and towards his right he can hear the sharp slice of a butcher’s knife against a stone slab. Locating the sound leads him to Seokjin sitting on a ledge, balancing his weight even as he bends low and runs the edge of the knife against the stone. The knife shines wicked silver with the sun trapped in its edge, blinding him fleetingly before it picks up pace again.He stares at the knife slice again and again, until it’s much too sharp. He looks up in alarm when Seokjin doesn’t stop, keeps at it until the stone itself starts splintering, until the pace escalates and Seokjin’s hand comes in the middle, the blood spurting out all over at once, yet he never halts the movement.“Seokjin, stop,” Jeongguk warns, but it falls on deaf ears. Panic builds as fast as the slicing knife. “Your hand, Seokjin!” Jeongguk yells. Seokjin never responds and the sound splinters in Jeongguk’s ears until–His lips touch the sand and it goes down his throat in the next inhale. Jeongguk wakes up coughing, nearly hacking his lungs out and spitting onto the ground below as granules of sand stay stuck in his dry mouth, the taste of pungent seaweed remaining with every swallow. He blinks, unsure of where he is, a part of him knowing he had been at Sunsong. He knew those docks like he knew the back of his hand, the tell-tale Sinwangese syllables familiar as a song, and the order and sensibility of the common people he immersed himself into every day. He rubs the grit out of his eyes, his skin warm to touch with the sun baking it alive. He had been so sure he was at the docks and not the ground, he was a sure-footed boy and he wouldn’t just fall– when his ears pick up on the same splintering of a knife whetting, and he looks around, alarmed and afraid that he would find Seokjin still cutting away at the stone without care for his hands or his wounded fingers–There is no blood on the sand. Seokjin isn’t there either, but there is a stone and a knife, and the knife is no ordinary butcher’s knife. It’s more sinister than any he’s ever seen. Jeongguk follows the golden hand around its handle and finds the Siren observing him curiously, even as he hones the blade meticulously, hands sure as if certain he would not cut into his skin. Jeongguk looks back up, still wheezing, tongue playing around with the leftover grains between his teeth, as the last vestiges of the dream fade away and he remembers the reality he has been ensnared in.Crushing despair makes its way up to his throat and behind his eyes. He is not at Sunsong; there is no daily fishing to overlook, no azure blue waters to behold or lulling himself to the familiarity of Yoongi’s orders or Seokjin’s preparation for his kitchen. He’s not at his beloved docks, feet dangling over the depth below and the crash of the waves against the rocks he’d climbed over for years. No, he’s on an island in the middle of nowhere, waking up to crusty sand and a creature holding a knife so sharp it has already cut into Jeongguk and filled the leaking cuts with all the fears he had pushed away.The man looks at him, occasionally flipping the surface of the knife to sharpen both sides, his gaze never moving from Jeongguk. Jeongguk gazes back to let him know he’s not afraid and he won’t be no matter what but his eyes betray him, straying to the knife and how it screeches against the stone, the way it haunts his ears and reminds him that he should be afraid and remain that way.The blade could be meant for Jeongguk, after all.Jeongguk keeps watching, taut with tension souring the air around him, his nails biting into the palm of his hand. His body no longer aches, healed by the benevolence of the creature in front of him, if he can call it so–which means it was all real. Jeongguk having dinner the previous night, passing out and waking up naked on a stone slab himself, the creature with its medicine and the magic thrumming in his veins– halting Jeongguk’s attack as easily as one holds their breath. It was all real and not a part of some convoluted delusion. Jeongguk was on the sand in clothes more tattered than before but his body as good as new. And waking up to the lovely sight of blade meeting rock and grating on his ears, reminding him of how close he was to Death each moment he lasted.They stare at each other until the man raises the blade and carelessly swipes his palm across the edge, the sound of skin splitting soft, and the blood dripping down the man’s hand in crimson streams and collecting into the centre. The man closes his hand into a fist and the excess blood drops out of the clenched hand before a purple thrum concentrates around the fist. It’s only a moment, but it’s enough, for when the man opens his hand, not a mark remains. The hand is golden and smooth.Jeongguk had accepted that magic existed and that it was quite prevalent. Yet, he can’t help but stare at the unmarked skin, though the edge of the knife is red with blood. He snaps up when the man whistles softly and beckoning him with two fingers. Without thinking about it, Jeongguk jumps to his feet before he sways, the sudden rush of blood flowing down making his legs come alive.The man turns around and makes his way to the cottage, and Jeongguk follows. They move past the cottage entrance, however, towards the left of the cottage, coming into view of the outposts with the pigs. They squeal in terror as the man nears, retreating into each other and away from the gates of the outpost even as the man leans over the fence, still whistling softly and twirling his knife carelessly. Jeongguk understands then that he means to kill one of them and stays back, looking at the enclosed animals and away from the glinting.There’s something peculiar about them, something that feels, unlike all the animals Jeongguk’s been raised with, reared and watched killed over all his years. He avoids their pleading eyes and at the man instead, who is examining him, his face impassive.“Pick one,” he says, leaning against the post. Jeongguk looks at the pigs again and then at the man, wondering why he had been chosen for this.“Why?”“To sacrifice them, of course. You seem like you’d have an eye for this.”“I’m a sailor, not a butcher,” Jeongguk bristles, hating the casual way the man acted as if it were normal for Jeongguk to just go ahead and slaughter.“Of course, but in the end, isn’t that what your kind is?” The man retorts, fingers twisting around the handle. “Butchers and looters, ruining and plundering everything in sight? Now don’t be difficult, and pick one.”His tone leaves no room for argument. Jeongguk gulps down all the hateful statements he wants to make, to shoot down the man’s unfair assumptions about his people, and turns away, chewing on his lip as he stares at the group of pigs in front, shivering and whimpering, the unmistakable smell of piss and shit making its way through. He stares and the same sensation strikes again– that the pigs are not regular animals. Perhaps they are magically enhanced, but even that deduction feels wrong. The longer Jeongguk takes to make his choice, a cold truth slithers around his heart. They don’t look like animals would; their gazes are far too frightful and intelligent for mere livestock. He keeps coming back to one in the middle of the pack, pushing itself further back and hiding behind its mates, hairier than most but bulky. Its eyes are red and snot dribbles out of its nostrils, but its gaze locks onto Jeongguk.Lips brush next to his ears and Jeongguk shivers, the scent of lavender overwhelming. The man is much too close than he’d like, but he’s arrested at the moment: eyes locked with the pitiful beast in front and his captor at his back.“That one was a horrid pirate. Thought he’d have his way with me and take my riches.” Satin soft robes brush against his legs. “Now he shits all day long.”The lips move away but the cold curls its fist tighter around his heart, his stomach in knots. He grasps as soon as the chills cover him all over that the pigs in front are…humans. That they had been transformed into animals and kept like hostages, no voice and at the mercy of the man. He legs begin shaking.“These are–were–humans,” Jeongguk stutters, bitter ash in his mouth as the horror meets the cold.The man hums, standing beside Jeongguk though he doesn’t look at him. “Took you a while to realise. Lovely, aren’t they?”Jeongguk can only gape. “You–you mean to kill them.”The man looks over now, his eyes dead, the darkness of them dull. “I do. It varies from day to day. Did you know pig entrails are helpful in potions? I’ve made some fantastic ones that are in the storage, I’ll take you to see them someday.” The man huffs, his hair fluffing with the exhale. He takes Jeongguk’s hand and places the knife in it. “But hurry now. I haven’t gotten all day. Pick the pirate for all I care.”The weight of the knife is heavy, as heavy as the sickness crawling up inside him. Jeongguk swallows, the taste of bile strong at the back of his throat. Even as he battles the sensation, his hand curls around the handle with familiarity, which does nothing to ease the feeling. He’s never willingly hurt anyone in his life before. The death of this pig–this person– would lay heavy on his soul, a thick blanket to darken his heart. Jeongguk couldn’t save him, not when he’s against the Siren, a magical being and a powerful one at that. He would die if he even thought of raising the knife on the man instead. He squeezes his eyes shut and tightens his grip, begging the gods for forgiveness. He looks at the pig and tells himself it was a pirate who was going to rape the Siren and steal from him. Not that Jeongguk was any better; he wanted to vanquish the Siren and live to tell the tale himself, after all. But rape was a depraved act, wasn’t it? Perhaps it made punishing this man alright.He raises an arm, his hands quivering as he points at the pig at the back, the one the man called a pirate, something Jeongguk had only heard of but never come across in his adventures. The Siren squeals in delight, brushing past Jeongguk and opening the gate, wading through the muck even as the hem of his robe remains spotless. All the pigs cower further, the odour of piss intensifying in the humid air. With a snap of his fingers the pigs freeze and the man walks until he meets the victim, picking him up as easily as if it were a flower, holding on to it with surprising strength even as the pig screeches in terror, trying to clamber its way out of the man’s arms. Even then, Jeongguk notices, the man’s robes remain clean despite the filthiness of the pig.The man makes his way out, closing the enclosure gate and standing in front of Jeongguk, whose eyes smart with the smell of shit and fear, his own terror keeping him from covering his nose. His hands shake as he raises the blade, but the man clicks once more and the knife flies out of Jeongguk’s hands into the man’s outstretched one. He proceeds to slice the pig’s neck clean, the screeches cutting off into a bloody gurgle and the man unbothered by the few spurts of blood making its way onto his robes, copiously dripping and pooling around his feet on the ground. The body drops with a pathetic flop. The bile roils inside.“You chose well, hmm? The meat seems tender already,” the man coos. Jeongguk can’t look away from the pig bleeding away on the sand, until he feels warm pats on his cheek, the thick stain of warm blood left behind. The man is amused, his eyes twinkling. Jeongguk is going to be sick. “Pick it up and bring it inside,” he says, then turns around, leaving his knife behind in the sand, his hands red with blood and outstretched like wings,  voice fading away with each step. Jeongguk remains standing even as the blood dribbles out in thin streaks over the sand and near his feet.He doesn’t know what to think or feel, or how in the moment he feels filthier than a dead pig. As if his being human alone is enough for him to be delegated with such tasks.Jeongguk doesn’t rebel, however. He kneels down and picks up the carcass, the pig unexpectedly light given its bulky appearance. The hair is coarse under his hands and he takes care not to let the blood stain his leftover rags though it’s a futile attempt. Swallowing down his disgust, he holds the body firmly, blood trailing behind him and down his arms. The man waits by the entrance, arms crossed and still clean, while Jeongguk weighs down with each step. Not because of the dead animal but the weight of the act itself: he had condemned something to death. A thing that was a person, like him, in another life, and he chose it to be killed–no matter the reason. The guilt chews at his insides, at all the blood on his hands, the death of his crew and his broken dreams, the broken hearts of his family–and now this thing in his arms. Nothing could make the act right; there was no trial and no justice meted out but the cold cruelty that was as fickle as the man’s moods.He passes the man as he goes inside, and pretends he doesn’t hear the man coo at the rest of the pigs, the tenor viciously amused. The guilt releases numbness that coats his veins, and he plops the pig on the stone slab–the same slab he had been on last night. He had been where the pig was now, and the only difference was that Jeongguk could speak for himself and the man was fascinated with him. Would Jeongguk find himself in a similar position again? Would it be his neck that the man casually slit for some sacrifice or potion?Would he even be worth anything to the man, or would he run circles around him until the man got tired and extinguished him as a candle flame?Jeongguk would laugh at comparing himself to livestock, but after all this time, he doesn’t think the man sees any difference between him and the bleeding corpse on the table, covered in blood and shit.He looks over at the door to find it’s deserted. For a moment he is alone and he basks in it, in the scents of herbs and burnt spices amongst the shit, piss and gore. He looks down upon the pig at last and forces himself to look into its deep, human-like eyes still blown wide in distress; Jeongguk’s hands tremble when he places it upon them and brushes down, closing them gently. He pleads for forgiveness, even though the thing had been a looting pirate. Even though the very idea of him pillaging other towns was repulsive, but it was not up to Jeongguk to unleash any form of justice. And he knows that this wasn’t justice; this was far from it. This was just convenience, another test by the man to see if Jeongguk could be broken down further.Perhaps if he hadn’t known that this animal wasn’t a human, he wouldn’t have felt so much. The man whispered it deliberately at the last moment, the words twisting the line between good and bad, moral and immoral. The truth of the matter was, though Jeongguk had convinced himself that he had been doing the right thing since a pirate was bad, the seed of it buries its way inside– Jeongguk made the choice because he couldn’t fathom dying or being turned into a repulsive animal himself.He’s broken out of his sombre reverie when the familiar melody makes its way through. The man enters, whistling and humming, wiping his hands on a washcloth and his appearance impeccable as always. He begins folding the sleeves of his robes, revealing more golden skin and retrieves the butcher’s knife out of his folds, holding it out to Jeongguk. He accepts it wordlessly.“Clean its hide. Then we’ll cut up the stomach and take the entrails out for the potions. The rest we’ll have for dinner, I suppose,” the man instructs, barely looking at Jeongguk. It is the most civil the man has been since Jeongguk woke up and conversed with him. He does as he’s told, taking a bucket of water and pouring it over the hide, scrubbing away the dirt and blood matted into the fur. It’s silent save for their breaths, but Jeongguk can feel the man’s gaze on him, a burning tingle at the back of his neck and all his exposed skin as he does so. Jeongguk doesn’t look.Once he deems it clean enough, he turns the pig until it’s lying on its back limbs up, and sets the knife at the throat, slitting it downwards. Blood trickles out in rivulets and its stench burns in Jeongguk’s nostrils, but he keeps the building gag down. He’s helped Seokjin do the same back in Sunsong when helping him cut and cure the meat for the kitchen. It’s messy work, something he never could bring himself to like or get used to, a droplet of guilt always settling deeper every time he came face to face with the idea of killing something, even though he was in the fishing trade. He doesn’t think he’d ever be okay with death if he faces it.And yet, Death is all that’s shadowed him ever since he embarked on this curse of a quest.He supposes the detachment is what prompts him to strike a conversation. He’s curious, that’s his fatal flaw, and Jeongguk has had the question niggling at the back of his head ever since he understood the pigs to be transformed humans. He’s not sure he would get an answer, but it won’t warrant death, would it? Humans were curious and inquisitive, after all.“Why didn’t you turn me into a pig?” He ventures quietly, the words nearly drowned out by the sound of skin ripping as Jeongguk pulls the gut apart and cuts at the windpipe, the crushing of bones even louder.He’s met with silence. Jeongguk expected that, though he had to try. He always tried.The man hums then, much closer than before. He’s in the periphery of Jeongguk’s vision, at the head of the table where the pig lies with a lolling tongue, and leans inward, watching.“Because you haven’t done anything to me that deserves revealing your true form.” The response is even quieter, a rush of summer breeze against flushed skin. Soft, so unlike everything before. “Most don’t make it past the sirens. You’ve proven you’re neither a human pig nor a meal for my lovely ones. Perhaps you could be some help while I wonder what to do with you.”Jeongguk pauses, his hand deep around the pig’s heart. He looks up, sees nothing of the softness of the response on the man’s face but no derision, either. The man’s eyes are hooked onto Jeongguk’s hand pulling out the heart, the lungs and the guts, stepping out of the way and letting it drop into another bucket placed below. Dripping blood echoes, an eerie sound accompanying the man’s answer.Jeongguk focuses on his given chore. His mind, however, runs with endless questions. What did the man mean by true form? Most didn’t make it past the sirens, yet the enclosure had a substantial amount of pigs…so how old were the creatures? How long had this creature been in power, and how did the pigs live for so long?He takes another washcloth and cleans the inside of the gaping hole. Blood covers his arms up to his elbows and his poor excuse of clothing is indistinguishable from the washcloth he holds. He may not have needed to be turned into a pig, but he definitely feels like one. The man moves towards Jeongguk, picking up the bucket and taking it to another slab, dumping the contents out and separating the entrails from the other parts. He’s fast, fingers flying over each piece with no revulsion on his face.The questions tumble around. For the longest moment, he had thought the creature was a terrifying monster, something to be defeated and vanquished so that the seas were safe again and the travellers had no fears. So much power in one thing ruined the balance, did it not? And yet, it has been days–weeks, he’s not clear anymore–but the creature was just…a creature. A magical one. Innocent to look at but magic coiling in its veins. He was terrifying, but in ways no tales could do justice to. One had to meet it to truly understand the ways in which the Siren wreaked havoc.But as Jeongguk watches him pick apart the remains with a sharp focus, his curiosity fools him into thinking he’s but an ordinary person. Someone he’d find at the edge of the town in one of the numerous healer cottages dotting the line, the healers all mixing their herbs and potions and broths. A wanton pang strikes out of nowhere, memories of being a little boy being sent for various tasks, to collect the medicines for his family, the warm pats of healers on his round cheeks and the ever-present scent of spiced broth and essential herbs.Perhaps it’s that wanton desire for something new, something civil, that lets the words bleed out, ask the question he’s been wanting to in brief moments of clarity.“I don’t know if I can ask this…but would you tell me your name? If I am to live for whatever time you give me?”The man stops, entrails in his palm. He gazes up through the fringe of his dark hair, eyes pinning Jeongguk to the spot. Jeongguk gulps, squeezing the dirty washcloth for assurance that the question wouldn’t forfeit his life. He can’t possibly be that stupid.“No one’s asked me for my name before.”The man looks down, though he doesn’t resume his task. Jeongguk frowns to himself, baffled. Surely the unfortunate prisoners who ended up here would want to know the name of their captor? All those hapless people who had dreams like him, wanting to chase a myth and get down to the bottom of it. Or was it that…“Do you not have one?” Jeongguk inquires, dropping the washcloth by his side, fidgeting over the hide. The man slowly resumes the work, but his movements are slow. Thoughtful, like he had never expected this. Which he perhaps hadn’t. And maybe it didn’t have a name, since it wasn’t a human like Jeongguk, so maybe he or his kind didn’t have identities and just existed in the glory of their powers–“It’s Taehyung.”The name falls soft like morning dew rolling down petals. They fall slow and gentle, in a way he could never attach to such a violent creature. Jeongguk rolls it around his mind’s tongue, the way it fits somehow, even though he’d never heard it before. The syllables feel familiar, but more than that, it’s the way the man uttered them, the tremble left behind, that makes him realise he touched upon something.The man straightens and steadies his hand, eyes hardening and face falling back into his blank expression, lined with suspicion. “Why do you want to know? Names have power.” Jeongguk can’t name the emotion flickering in his eyes, hard as they seem. He touched a raw nerve but he’s not sure which one yet. Could there be something that he could use to escape? He files away the doubt for later.“For the magical, maybe.” He shrugs, playing with the knife, making slits at the remaining hide. It feels wrong to have the conversation like this, over blood and sweat and dirt, but maybe this is what Jeongguk’s life was supposed to be from now on until he died. “I wanted to know who killed me before I die. Perhaps then my soul would rest easy before the gods.”Taehyung–the knowledge of the name still doesn’t rest easy with him–watches him a moment longer before he nods, collecting the entrails and going towards a table full of bowls, pestles and herbs. He washes his hands clean before he disappears for a while into a dark room Jeongguk hadn’t noticed earlier before coming back, hands full of clean linen that he places besides Jeongguk.“There is water outside. Go clean and wear these. You’ll be ready just in time for dinner.” He doesn’t look at Jeongguk as he says so, leaving just as swiftly as he had come, back to his workstation where he begins working with spices and the meat. Jeongguk shuts his mouth, looking back and forth between the linen–actual, clean cloth–and Taehyung, who resolutely keeps away as if he hadn’t been civil with Jeongguk. Jeongguk wants to ask why, wants to know what changed but the temptation of being clean hinders him. He washes his hands and elbows before gingerly picking up the cloth, keeping it away from his soiled body.Once outside, he locates the tub of water placed and rushes to clean himself. He discovers a bar of soap or something similar amongst the folded linen and offers a prayer to the gods, delirious with happiness that he can wash as he used to and not make do with saltwater and gritty sand. His injuries don’t exist anymore and his skin is clean, no trace of his previous injuries. The glide of the soap and water is divine, the scent of the soap reminding him of home, of Sunsong.He dries himself with a piece of linen before donning himself into his new clothes that smell of lavender and sage as if the man–Taehyung–had given him clothes from his own closet. Which both grates at him and calms him down in equal parts, part of him disgusted that he is wearing anything the man has given and the other calm that the scent is entrapped in the layers, settling into him with each breath.He makes his way to the table close to the cabin, where he had last sat before being drugged by Taehyung, though in his clarity he realises how scenic it really is, how well-built the stone construction was. Dishes float in the air as Taehyung bustles in and out of the cottage, still refusing to look at Jeongguk, though the table is set with dishes on opposite ends.As he watches the preparation, he’s finally able to understand how prevalent the use of magic is in areas where it’s normal. He had resented it, bitter that something so powerful was just being used with no limits, but perhaps in places where it was the normal, maybe limits didn’t need to exist. He wonders why he ever thought magic vanished, like his studies had taught, and where else it thrived or hid from the world. There was Angye, and this island, but what if there was more?And what if he never found out?Taehyung joins him and sits before the disappointment can settle in, quiet, no amused taunts or snarky exchange of words, though Jeongguk has no hopes this peace would last. Instead, he silently indulges in the hot meal, the meat melting in his mouth so wonderfully he forgets it was a former human, but his stomach begs him to forget his guilt and morals when such a meal exists.Taehyung, however, doesn’t respond to his appreciative hums. As if in asking his name, Jeongguk had broken a rule–or a pattern. || Telling time apart is a futile exercise.Jeongguk tries. He doesn’t have a sundial, but he makes a crude one as he was taught in his navigation classes. It doesn’t provide much except that the sun sets and the moon fills in soon after, which his vision itself could tell. He can roughly align when noon strikes, but keeping track of time is tiresome after a point, so Jeongguk gives up.He doesn’t think he’s ever given up in his life before that.It’s hard. There is no other explanation; though he is on a beautiful island that at any other time would be a dream to land in, with the presence of the Siren–he can’t yet get himself to address Taehyung by his name casually even in his head–it is a prison.The first couple of days–what he thinks accounts for days–he stays put to his place. He’s not weak anymore and not injured, and not in any immediate danger of dying. He’s alive and aware of his surroundings, but his ever-present curiosity takes a step back as he gets used to being in the moment. He stays within the gaze of the cottage (of Taehyung) and moves only to periodically relieve himself, to move around his muscles before they atrophy. The heat is unbeatable, flushing him down in red waves but he bears it, seeking the shades of the trees or the patio of the cottage.He doesn’t explore, though he knows sooner or later he will. Ever since he was a child, his mother had trouble holding on to him, Jimin and he scurrying off at the first sign of freedom and being a nightmare for the Sunsong folks. Thinking about his mother and life back home fills him with the wanton pang again, deep ache careening across his chest. He desires it acutely, enough that tears spring in his eyes and he has to brush them off roughly before he breaks.Jeongguk waits. He has to after having earned some civility from the Siren and he won’t risk that. He has to bide his time or he would have no chance at all.The civility in question is new. Jeongguk doesn’t allow himself to believe it, to trust it–however, he hasn’t gone a day hungry or thirsty ever since he asked the Siren its name. Even in his quieter moments, he thinks about the reason that could have broken the wall–or a part of it. It’s not that Taehyung is warm towards him– he’s still dismissive and derisive in his words, silent yet amused in other moments–but Jeongguk doesn’t sense the cold cruelty from him anymore.They are two people on an unknown island struck in the middle of nowhere. Where once Jeongguk felt trapped, and to an extent still does, the cold blade of survival doesn’t rest against his throat anymore. His heart beats as it always has and he can walk if he wishes to without a stumble– and briefly, he wonders if this is meant to be the punishment. To survive and thrive, the seas in front of him but no way to go back home.  There are ways to get under someone’s skin, and Taehyung–Taehyung gets under his alarmingly well. It’s enough that Jeongguk nearly wishes he was at the cusp of death, looking forward to his next meal and not face the nuisance of the Siren.The first time he believes he’s being tested is when he moves from his spot, his curiosity winning over his fear. The island is small, and Jeongguk ventures to go beyond the thick foliage–only to end up facing a whole other world. A small world, but serene enough to make him forget his circumstances. Its thick green canopy nearly blocks out the sun, letting it filter in through small patches, and a pond in the middle that runs into the sea, though he can’t locate the end. Jeongguk spends several hours poking around and gazing wistfully at the water, not feeling brave enough to go even deeper. He, however, senses that the island seems alive–it breathes with him and is aware of him, the rustle of leaves much too deliberate to be a play of nature.Taehyung asks him to kill some more pigs, cackling in glee at some of the screeches the pigs make. He hands Jeongguk the knife now, a wicked gleam in his eyes and each time, Jeongguk is sick afterwards. There’s enough food in his belly to make its way up, and he retches often, the blood of the men still red on his hands. Each time, he closes the human-like eyes of the poor things, though Taehyung rarely ever tells him the full history of the transformed species. Sometimes, they are pirates who, like Jeongguk, wanted to see the Siren for themselves or simply stumbled upon its unfortunate path. There are wayward travellers or merchants, but their deaths don’t get easier.“You shouldn’t feel so wretched, sweetheart,” Taehyung remarks ideally, though the delight on his face is clear. Of course, he enjoys Jeongguk’s moral dilemma.It doesn’t help that the meals Jeongguk eats consist of their bones or that he is the one who gave the final blow. Hunger prevails and so do his excuses until nothing matters anymore.Some days he’s asked to carry things around.“You’re built so beautifully, were you aware?” Taehyung once comments, sitting on the granite table watching while Jeongguk huffs, carrying logs of cut wood. How and when they appeared, he doesn’t know and doesn’t ask. “All that time starving and begging, and yet you thrived. How admirable.”Jeongguk grits his teeth so hard they hurt even as he swallows nausea inside. He does not want Taehyung’s admiration. Or his gaze, for that matter. He wants nothing of the other except that he leave Jeongguk alone and be merciful enough to leave him alive.But mercy costs. Jeongguk learns this one late afternoon, as he is napping in the sun–nothing like sand getting into every crevice of his to lull him into a cat-like slumber and a desire to never wake up again– when he feels someone nudge his ribs. Taehyung stands above him when he opens his eyes, the sun behind his head creating a halo–but Jeongguk isn’t fooled. He would never suspect Taehyung to be anything other than a fiend.“I need you to collect some of the herbs,” he declares, a wicker basket around his arm. Jeongguk sits up and shakes the sand out of his hair.His crankiness is to blame for his reply. “You can’t do it yourself?”Taehyung isn’t offended. He smiles instead. “Where’s the fun in that? I’m all alone working hard on this island, and you come along with your nimble fingers and curious, fluttering legs. Surely you’d be interested?” He blinks, and for a moment, Jeongguk is enamoured. Were monsters supposed to have such long lashes? Were they supposed to brush so slow against high cheekbones and look so heart-breaking? Were they–?“Yah,” Jeongguk snaps, shooting to his feet and keeping a safe distance away, as the brief fog melts away and Taehyung laughs, wicked and amused, his innocence vanishing just as fast. Jeongguk’s heart beats so loud it thrums in his ears, heat flushing his cheeks at being fooled so easily. “What you– never mind. Just show me your stupid fucking flowers.”“Now, now, they wouldn’t like your tone.”“As if they have feelings.”The wicked gleam returns, and with it the nervousness in Jeongguk. “Why don’t you find out, sweet thing?”Jeongguk only huffs in response, walking over to where the herbs are supposed to be– the garden plot he had noticed. It’s much bigger than he had first observed, rich with all sorts of plants and flowers. Some are larger than his face, and some gleaming silver in the shadows–they could possibly be brighter in moonlight, too.Jeongguk goes for the plant he knows to be lavender, from observing some of Jimin’s healing processes–and hisses immediately, pulling his hand back, and watching blood trickle down the cut on his two fingers. The plant seems to be retreating back, Jeongguk’s blood on its leaves, though it looks harmless.So Jeongguk finds out alright.He understands the angle here. Taehyung comes up behind him, lips curved into a smirk while Jeongguk’s blood drops into the soil below–Jeongguk belatedly realises soil shouldn’t exist like this in the middle of the damn ocean or the sand.“That looks rather unpleasant, doesn’t it?” Taehyung inquires, head titled innocently. Jeongguk blood boils even as his fingers sting, sand and air settling into the vicious cut. He leans a hand out and Jeongguk watches in open-mouthed fury as the same plant curls into Taehyung’s outstretched hand, as if it were a pet animal needing Taehyung’s affection. “You shouldn’t have been so hasty.”Jeongguk meets Taehyung’s eyes, alive with mirth. Jeongguk hates him so much. “You never fucking told me they were alive.”“All plants are alive.”“Sentient, conscious– I don’t care,” Jeongguk hisses, wrapping the hem of his shirt around the finger, hating that the linen is getting soiled. Maybe Taehyung would like it if Jeongguk begged him for more clothing. “They attacked me.”“Because you were so rude to them, sweetheart,” Taehyung responds, then leans down to coo at a plant. Which somehow blooms even more in response. “I told you my plants wouldn’t like your tone. But you humans are so prone to disbelief, no?”Taehyung looks at Jeongguk with victory in his eyes. Jeongguk bites his tongue as he’s put in his place, again– a reminder that he is a human and therefore Taehyung will always hate him and seek pleasure in doing so. He doesn’t reply, knowing why Taehyung said the line as he did. Jeongguk was getting too free, too careless.Taehyung pets the plant and then proceeds to take two sprigs from it, tucking it away into his wicker basket. He stands straight and without prompt, takes Jeongguk’s hand. Jeongguk flinches, but Taehyung’s hold is firm.“It’s a simple trick. The cuts are unsightly to see,” he quips. Jeongguk can’t respond, hating the way Taehyung’s hand feels–which is not, to his horror, bad or inhuman. It’s cooler than a human’s would be but smooth and soft unlike Jeongguk’s rough ones–and he hates how it looks in his palm. He needs it off before he marvels at it even by mistake.“It’ll heal on its own.”Taehyung snorts. “With what? Saltwater and seaweed patches?” He tilts his head again, amused. No, Jeongguk wants that gone. “But I suppose that is the best humans can do. Herb patches and faith. Very unfortunate.”Jeongguk bristles, pulling away but Taehyung tightens his hold. “I don’t need your magic.”Taehyung beams then, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. Jeongguk’s heart echoes all around and he worries that Taehyung can hear it. His stupid plants could hear it too probably. He’s sure he feels something crawl around his ankle as if it to keep him rooted. Taehyung leans in closer than is comfortable, and again, Jeongguk is faced with how willow-like the Siren is, just slightly shorter than Jeongguk and narrower, yet each orifice of his is packed with enough power to beat Jeongguk meek and come out unharmed.“Is that right, darling?” Taehyung purrs, sweet breath fanning across even as the scent of lavender and sage settles around. “You don’t need my magic, do you?”Jeongguk blinks. It went out of control all too fast. Taehyung leans in further and Jeongguk stumbles back–his hunch proving right when he looks down to find a green vine curled tight around. Panic floods his veins when he looks back up. “I–”“Fixed yourself so well, didn’t you?” Taehyung continues. Jeongguk shakes as he sees purple tendrils come from behind him, towards the plants, who all bow to it. He can’t speak. Words don’t exist. “Where has that sweet boy gone? All cut up and losing a limb, so much rotting flesh?”Tears smart in Jeongguk’s eyes. Taehyung’s power itches in his throat, in his nostrils, his very skin–“You know, I always think, quite naively, that the years will teach your race some humility. But that never happens, Mother Goddess knows why–you don’t seem worth alive anyway. Already forgetting my kindness, how rude.”Jeongguk inhales, a brief moment of respite. It tastes like oranges and lavender, uniquely bitter and sweet, but burning. “I told you, you did that to–”Jeongguk mouth stops working. They open and close, but no sounds come out. Phantom fingers touch his face even as Taehyung levels him with eyes so cold his blood freezes.“Let’s get something clear, human,” Taehyung says, tone frosty. “You are on my island. You are not a guest. You walked into my home, and you remain alive because of my magic. You will not mock it, and you will take what I give you. Understood?”Jeongguk nods frantically, desperate to get sound out, any kind, and just as slowly as the power had been stolen from him it returns back tenfold, so fast he stumbles and falls. The vine is gone and so is the oppressively sweet scent and resistance of the magic. He pants, harsh breaths not enough as sweat belatedly releases from his pores.“Once you’re done, pick up the lavender, the rosemary and the thyme– and be nice to them this time.”Taehyung drops the wicker basket next to him and walks away.  His humiliation never runs its course.Where first he had been at Taehyung’s mercy for sustenance, he is now dependent on him to do something he never thought was needed– heal.Jeongguk is stubborn, but he learns. He learns quick, gifted in ways most people his age hadn’t been, the star pupil of the Academy despite not studying much, and quick on his feet. Life, Yoongi always told him, was a sea of lessons for people to fish in. Jeongguk had been a budding fourteen name days old, enamoured and never really understanding why Seokjin had laughed in response to Yoongi’s wisdom.He understood it was the obvious sea analogy that had cracked the cook’s shell. But now, as he deals with the fish he’s sought out, Jeongguk recognises the lesson for it was: outside of textbooks and the safety of the Academy, life was about dealing with the blows and getting up anyway. It was making the best of the resources he had and making do.Jeongguk hates it, but he learns to respect Taehyung’s magic.For a stranger on a lone island, Taehyung had a multitude of tasks. Jeongguk often ponders if Taehyung had made them up simply for his amusement, to run Jeongguk into the ground because of how redundant and boring they were turning out to be.
  Get me the lemons. Make sure they’re ripe and yellow.

  The rock at the end has seaweed caught amongst it. Get me as much as you can. 

  My plants miss you today, human. Won’t you go say hello?
And so on. Each time, Jeongguk ends up with a wound. They aren’t as bad as the first time he’d washed up ashore, but inconvenient enough that saliva and saltwater aren’t enough. He can’t approach the healing herbs, who hiss at him even though they look harmless, and Jeongguk’s knowledge of healing is abysmal anyway. Wrapping spare linen does nothing but sting the cuts and abrasions with sand. In the end, Jeongguk has to trudge up to Taehyung and show him, and he knows this is part of the game– with Taehyung always laughing with delight as he heals them in seconds. Jeongguk can only gape as purple flashes briefly and his skin is unmarked once more.It infuriates him how easy it is for Taehyung to play with him.He knows he won’t live long. That’s the cold, harsh truth. He’s not meant to live long; no matter what sweet promises Taehyung made about how different Jeongguk was, he is but pragmatic. He can’t trust a creature on an island who had transformed humans into his personal play pets and food. He can’t believe someone whose plants would move with him and his voice. Jeongguk was kept alive for some purpose and for however long that was meant to be, he would go along with it. The casual display of Taehyung’s power had driven the point home for him, and Jeongguk is not interested in a fourth reminder of the same.Taehyung, he’s noticed, thrives on that dependency. Enjoys that Jeongguk is a hapless human who needs Taehyung or else he’ll perish, which is true. Jeongguk won’t survive for more than a few days if all his gathered luxuries are taken from him, and Taehyung can take them whenever he wants. It’s been a while since Jeongguk asked Taehyung’s name, and he’s sure it broke a dam–but not enough to guarantee him his life.He recognises these incidents as tests to get under Jeongguk’s skin–to rile him up, to get him to snap so Taehyung can put him in his place again, display some of the influence, remind Jeongguk how easily he can be broken. The fear beats in tandem with his heart, though he never shows it. But he’s not very careful about it, sometimes lost in his memories, wishes and regrets–and then Taehyung is behind him, whispering a task and Jeongguk shivers, and tries not to flinch at the resulting grin Taehyung gives.However, Jeongguk is not just a quick learner. He has learnt his place as intended, but he’s not a coward–perhaps if he had been, he wouldn’t have landed in this cesspool of misery. If he was more careful and less reckless as a child, he wouldn’t have had such wild abandon. But he’s not a coward and he’s stubborn–he refuses. He refuses to give in to Taehyung’s attempts, to let him eat at him slowly and steadily, no matter how long he’s supposed to live, he will die with his dignity intact, whatever little remains of it.So he takes it in, even though he wants to scream, to explode and throttle Taehyung by his slim neck, to crush it between his fingers and then find a way to leave. He wants to spit in his food, to hold the butcher’s knife to Taehyung’s neck instead of another poor pig, and maybe wrap the vine around it. It’s darkness the likes of which he’s never felt before, and he abhors it– detests what living with a remorseless creature has turned him into. But he keeps shut, his life on the line, lips pressed together at yet another comment, another petty remark, another vicious call of human, and pushes through.Jeongguk does what he’s told and he refuses to break.  Taehyung rests after a while.Jeongguk carries on in a monotonous rhythm. His days aren’t particularly thrilling, spent doing errands for Taehyung and avoiding severe cuts, and evading the Siren’s targeted statements or jibes. When the sun edges down west, he hovers around the dining table where Taehyung appears with a dish and something to drink–it’s Jeongguk’s only meal for the day, and he relishes it. It’s filling enough to last him and he’s grateful, even if he dislikes the person serving it to him.He hated monotony ever since he was a child. He despised the life Sunsong citizens had always projected as ideal–a safe, warm bubble of a preferred trade and settling into the town life. It was what had made him yearn for travelling. Yet, he had fallen into the expectations as easily as he’d glide into the seas. Rebellion was far from his mind when all his focus was on not breaking.But the signs break through. One jibe less on a particular day. Not being asked to slit a pig’s throat but only to clean its hide. Taehyung’s plants leaning towards him instead of away.It’s small but enough. Taehyung gradually halts his games and Jeongguk is grateful.An afternoon of the numerous afternoons he’s spent in this pattern, there is a moment where the change is apparent.“Here, have this,” Taehyung says out of the blue, looming over Jeongguk as he works on the garden plot, digging a new patch. The sun shines in his eyes when Jeongguk looks up, and he’s aware of his shirt sticking to him with sweat. It itches but Jeongguk won’t complain. Taehyung is holding out a covered dish in his hand. “Leftovers.”Jeongguk stands up, hands covered in dirt and sweat rolling down his neck. Taehyung isn’t looking at him, face pulled into a mask of indifference.“You’re giving me food now?” He questions, eyeing the dish suspiciously. It wasn’t right, it wasn’t the pattern, and the last thing Jeongguk wanted to do was be a subject for another experiment.“It’s nothing to thank me for,” Taehyung replies, rolling his eyes, looking over the new plot. “The pig you killed today clearly had a lot more than I anticipated. I’ll feed it to the sirens if you’re not hungry.”Jeongguk keeps watch, turns over the words for a clue but can’t find anything wrong with the statements. His stomach grumbles at the same time and Taehyung gives an amused smile. Huffing, he takes the dish out of his hands and walks over to the table, digging into the food that is still hot and appealing to look at. Did Taehyung really heat up leftovers for him?No, Jeongguk isn’t that naïve or stupid.Surprisingly, Taehyung walks over and joins him, and Jeongguk stops mid-chew, looking up to meet his curious eyes. For some time now, Taehyung has become– different. Mellower, though Jeongguk’s not sure if it’s good or bad, or a build-up to another reminder for him, a trick of magic and how it thrives here away from human civilisation. There is less venom in Taehyung’s voice sometimes but Jeongguk is sure it’s his brain craving some humanity, so he doesn’t believe the change. He can’t afford to.He resumes chewing, aware of Taehyung gaze and how it crawls over the back of his neck like ants, uncomfortable and prickly. He chews slowly, intent in getting the food in as fast as possible so he can resume his task and get it out of the way. Rather, get Taehyung out of his way.“You eat with relish, don’t you,” Taehyung notes, breaking the silence. Jeongguk pauses again, caught off-guard. The Siren wouldn’t talk to him willingly, would he?He gulps down the morsel. “It’s not like I get food out of the blue, so.” He picks the words carefully, tongue clicking against the roof of his mouth.“I suppose that’s good,” Taehyung replies, face resting on a hand, the other drawing patterns idly on the surface. Where he drew, light purple trails followed. “You humans are quite good in wasting resources.”Jeongguk’s spoon drops with a clunk. Annoyance flairs and he can’t tamp it down. “Is this why you offered your leftovers? So you could make yet another jab at me and my race?”Taehyung halts drawing and his eyes widen, surprise evident. It’s a strange look, something that gives him years of innocence instead of cold cut cruelty. It also makes him more alluring but Jeongguk shoves the thought away.“No. I was just reflecting due to my…past experiences.”Jeongguk shrugs, beyond caring. As far as he knew, Taehyung had enticed all those people and was simply blaming them for the horrid person he was or his terrible actions. “Well, I might be human but I don’t waste. Yes, I enjoy my food and always have. A lot of my kind do, and you would know that if you didn’t simply dismiss our existence.”He doesn’t know where the burst comes from. Jeongguk should be more careful, shouldn’t put himself in more danger than necessary, and shouldn’t anger Taehyung like this. He bites his tongue as punishment, unsure of what Taehyung’s reaction would be like– but it’s too late.Taehyung, however, only presses his lips, his jaw set. The innocence is long gone. Jeongguk waits, looking out for the purple aura– not that he could avoid it. But he could prepare himself for the onslaught.But Taehyung only nods, resuming his trailing. His body is relaxed, covered as it was in dark robes which somehow don’t make him warm. Magic must be a lot more useful than simply inflicting torture on hapless castaways.He stays all the while that Jeongguk eats. The pig stew is delicious as always, and Jeongguk no longer feels the guilt he had been. There’s still a moment when he’s the one sentencing them to die, and that’s the only way he knows he’s not completely lost his ways. But beyond that, he’s had to lock himself away. It is what raw survival asked of him. He couldn’t go mad sitting on the island feeling guilty over fucking pigs now; his dead crew and failed quest were enough.“You’re free to explore the island, if you wish,” Taehyung says after a while when Jeongguk gets up to wash the dishes. Jeongguk looks back, shock following soon after. He narrows his eyes then.“Why?”Taehyung raises an eyebrow. “Why? Because it’s land. You can look around, of course.”Jeongguk turns around fully. “And why would you offer that liberty?”Taehyung meets him eye to eye. He can see how brown they are and how large. The Fates had truly birthed a creature of wondrous beauty to fool men and women.“I never chained you, sailor,” Taehyung says quietly, and it’s the first time he hasn’t called Jeongguk human derisively. “You do the work I tell you and you mope on the sand. That’s quite pitiful, isn’t it?”Jeongguk snorts. Where the bravery comes from, he doesn’t know. “I’m trapped on your island where you have former travellers and pirates transformed into pigs. I wouldn’t want to cross you.”Taehyung stands now, tall and arms crossed. “Quite well behaved,” he murmurs, and then he tilts Jeongguk’s head with a finger. Jeongguk tries to move but a warning flash from Taehyung stops him. “I know you already tried looking. But the island isn’t safe and some of the plants are poisonous and very fast. I might not be there to draw it out.”“Yeah, you care a fat lot, don’t you,” Jeongguk bites back, hating that he has to look down at Taehyung like this, arrested at his spot.Taehyung drops his hand and shrugs. “I don’t, you’re right. But it’s not like you can leave the island anyway. It’s a small mercy. Take it or leave it.” He tilts his own head. “If you do take it, my permission means the island won’t hurt you. Do with this what you will.”He turns around and walks away, and Jeongguk is left to his own devices.  He shouldn’t trust Taehyung’s words, but as the curious child he had always been, he can’t resist and explores once again.True to his words, the area behind the cottage feels less hostile now. The herbs he picks don’t attack him and Jeongguk feels–safe.It’s probably a mistake and he’s falling for Taehyung’s trap. A creature of chaos wouldn’t suddenly change ways after days of torment and jibes. What was Taehyung thinking? What was his end goal? Was this a new way to torment Jeongguk? Offer him kindness and all the things he liked and then take it all away?Jeongguk doesn’t want to trust this, but the leaves lean into him and the sea sings to him once again.He explores with a new fervour, to learn the land he walks on, to caress the trunks and leaves and cherish the rough scrapes they leave on his skin. He lounges by the pool for hours, the surface reflecting the blue of the sky above, the tittering of birds as they splash around the edges. He wades in ankles deep and lets the cold lap at his feet, watches tiny fish nibble at them and leave.Taehyung is a creature that thrives in misery, in Jeongguk’s misery, but the island is not as miserable and welcomes him. In his solitude, he can nearly trick himself of being free, of having chosen to live in such a place of beauty and tranquillity rather than being forced here against his will. When his thoughts catch up to him, Jeongguk mulls over what Taehyung had said. You can’t leave anyway. Was he to remain here forever, then? Was Taehyung’s punishment of choice to have him understand the beauty before him and know it wasn’t really his, that he was a subject just like them under the master?He often leans forward and touches the surface of the lake, and watches the water ripple across, distracting him from his fears.  Trust, he reflects, is fragile. Easily broken and never mended. It is like a broken pot; one could put it together with resin, but a crack would remain, a harsh reminder. This is the way of things and has always been.Once, however, Jeongguk sees Taehyung mend a splintered pot. But there are no cracks left and it’s as new as ever as if it had never fallen upon the ground. All its blemishes vanish with the crack. Just like his skin does when Taehyung heals him. Untouched beauty, but not raw. Created, perfect.Unreal.Trust is fragile, but he thinks about trust and magic, and reasons human trust and Taehyung’s trust as different. And his trust with Taehyung isn’t what he is used to, either.The safety blankets him like a cocoon. For a few days after Taehyung’s permission, Jeongguk still walks on eggshells around him. But Taehyung doesn’t take back his words, though his eyes never truly leave Jeongguk, an ever-present haunting distrust ringed around them. What he does to pass time, Jeongguk hasn’t pieced together yet. Taehyung collects herbs, collects pails of water, asks Jeongguk to wash the pigs sometimes and take a break from killing them. Those days, he makes something else, a stew of sorts that Jeongguk can’t guess the ingredients of and doesn’t ask either, because he’d rather not know which hapless prisoner on this island is making its way down to his stomach.If Jeongguk does as Taehyung says, then Taehyung is…plain to bear. The anger pricks inside routinely, incessant and insatiable, but Jeongguk’s fear is palpable enough to quiet it. He’s safe, he’s alive. He reminds his anger of magic, of how helpless Jeongguk is against it and how useless the endeavour of revenge is.He keeps a lookout for Taehyung’s anger, however, and finds a void, like it never existed, or it had, but only for a short moment, no strength in it beyond a few shows. Exhaustible, as if nothing could sustain it.In looking for Taehyung’s anger, Jeongguk finds himself watching the other, and the island doesn’t capture his attention anymore.  He’s patting the mound of soil over the seed when he hears it.It’s haunting, the melody. He recognises the voice, the eerie sadness of the sirens enticing anyone and everyone to come to them, except the words are wholly different. They’re shaped odd, a language he’s never come across, but melancholic all the same.Jeongguk turns away from the garden patch and sees Taehyung snipping the leaves of a vine hanging from the roof of the cottage. Leaves and buds, careful work requiring nimble fingers. He’s far from Jeongguk but his voice carries over the air, rustling the leaves around Jeongguk- which shrivel into themself as if the sorrow in the melody is too much to endure.It’s the first time Jeongguk feels that a creature like the Siren could ever hold sorrow anywhere.He hates that the song pricks memories of Sunsong, of Jimin and his mother and Seokjin, strangely, the image of his childhood spent running through the docks hitting him with broken nostalgia. He wipes his eyes furiously, blinking away the tears– he’d held the memories at bay. He’d allowed himself to accept never to see Sunsong or his family again unless they were in his dreams. He tired himself out so he wouldn’t see those dreams at all.His tears don’t stop leaking, some falling into the soil below. Jeongguk feels a tickle on his cheek and looks up to find a budding creeper poking curiously. He wants to swat it away–how could an island be so alive–but he stops midway, watches a leaf curl under his eye and catch a teardrop and then retreat, dropping the collected drop on the mound he had planted. He gasps when he sees a green sprig peek out and he looks away, unable to bear what it means.The tightness in his chest reduces, his heart a dull pain behind its cage. He finds Taehyung with an armful of collected buds, walking towards the table, a bowl in the other hand and still singing softly, though it no longer needles at Jeongguk with its piercing sadness.He doesn’t stop when Jeongguk walks over to him, doesn’t say a word when Jeongguk sits down to watch. He bites and barks no longer, but it’s still abnormal for Jeongguk to get used to.“You sing well,” Jeongguk murmurs after a while, following the way Taehyung hand rotates the pestle around, crushing the buds into a paste when he adds water bit by bit. The scent is sweet in a pungent way, tickling at the back of Jeongguk’s throat.Taehyung’s hand pauses, long enough that Jeongguk breaks out of his hypnotic daze and finds Taehyung looking at him with suspicion and doubt.“You heard me?”Jeongguk snorts. “I think the entire island did.” He leans forward again, chin on his crossed arms. “What language was that? I don’t think I’ve ever heard it.”Taehyung resumes his task, the pestle going in entrancing circles again. Jeongguk is mesmerised. “It is not from your time. You would not know of it.”Jeongguk frowns. Not of his time?He steals a quick glance and assesses that Taehyung isn’t very old, almost Jeongguk’s age, perhaps younger with how youthful his skin is. It’s a funny thing to say.“You mean it’s from another land?” He asks.Taehyung hums, face an expression of familiar disinterest, though his eyes shine with grief. “Something like that, yes. But it doesn’t exist anymore.”He takes the bowl and walks away before Jeongguk can ask more.  Curiosity is a curse.This is what his teachers at The Academy often told Jeongguk. Curiosity was only ever good as long as it served a purpose, a responsible one. And the responsibility was towards Sunsong, towards the Sinwang crown, and anything that helped in being a better citizen of free land.Jeongguk’s curiosity ran away from responsibility as a shy lover would, and usually, it would dunk him into the waiting arms of knowledge.He wasn’t a scholar by any means. He wasn’t studious or smart like Jimin, or knowledgeable about food like Seokjin. He couldn’t understand the sea the way Yoongi could, and he didn’t have his mother’s patience. Jeongguk was curious in a way a small region like Sunsong could never understand, that he couldn’t either, for it simply had no purpose, not the way it was expected of him. His curiosity raged deep inside, thrashing against the walls of whatever he was taught, to know more and more and more, and just have it floating in his mind afterwards. Jeongguk simply liked knowing and then vanishing off to the sea.He has many scrapes and scars resulting from that curiosity. They dot across his skin, a map of how insatiable he feels when he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to. He’s never listened to his Academy teachers well enough and let the reprimand out the other ear when they were done.Curiosity is a curse supposedly, but Jeongguk never can reason how. So of course, even though the shoulds tell him to be careful, tell him to be alert, Jeongguk, curse his curiosity, can’t help but want to know more about Taehyung. Not the Siren, or the creature, but Taehyung, whoever he is beneath.The wish comes in passing waves, not steady enough to be permanent or stay long enough to become a longing. In an island with no one else but a creature known for its bloodthirstiness, it doesn’t seem wrong to wish so. Jeongguk hasn’t ever done well with nothing to do. His legs vibrate, his fingers click, his teeth hurt– he needs to keep doing something, and the terror doesn’t hold long enough to keep his boredom at bay.The island is beautiful, but it loses its allure day by day as Taehyung occupies Jeongguk’s attention. Clearly the island and Taehyung are a package of some kind, and perhaps one does not exist without the other. The island breathes magic, magic that Taehyung keeps alive or controls, magic that he withholds so Jeongguk is safe. He does ponder the why, but he doesn’t question it even if he wants to ask. Why are you like this? The sorrow in Taehyung’s song never leaves Jeongguk. After Jeongguk’s appreciative comment, Taehyung had backed away, silent and impassive, eyes hard as stone and lips pressed. It had made the nerves tick in Jeongguk's veins, the fear of an angry Taehyung coming back to torment Jeongguk again–only he hadn’t. He’d simply removed himself even further, not sitting with Jeongguk at lunch or dinner, leaving silent instructions dotted around the island. A gleaming butcher’s knife near the pigs. A basket near the herbs, a pouch of seeds near the fresh garden patch. Kill, reap and sow. A covered bowl on the table. And eat.Jeongguk had followed, but he couldn’t help but feel oddly forlorn as if something had been stolen from him yet again. Perhaps the routine, the habit he had formed. As much as he had feared and distrusted the other, he realises how much he’d begun to crave Taehyung’s presence simply to soothe himself. To be aware of his surroundings, to never forget the fear toasted on his tongue.Taehyung leaves but the sorrow doesn’t, and Jeongguk mulls over it, hates that he thinks so much and needs so much security, hates that he is so curious.He is collecting water in a pail when the melody starts again, different and not as sorrowful, but sad. Nostalgia, both bitter and sour encase the notes and Jeongguk finds himself shuddering, the water spilling over the edges. The songs reminds him of anger so bitter it’s sad, like the time he fought with Jimin but hated every moment of it, or when Yoongi had kicked him out of his house but Jeongguk couldn’t bring himself to hate the elder or mourn the loss. It’s the bitterness of his broken family, his mother’s fear and Jimin’s desperation to keep him in Sunsong.It bubbles in the pit of his stomach enough that Jeongguk wants it gone. He looks over and finds Taehyung loosening the dirt around the plants, trails of purple plunging in deep. His hands are busy but his eyes are distant, almost vacant as if he isn’t on the island anymore.As if he too was remembering all his moments of bitter anger weeping sadly.He fills the pail once more and without warning, the longing unfurls in his chest and he bursts into a song of his own.The sorrow halts.Jeongguk hums, words breathy and unsteady, stuttering over his syllables as he tries to recall. He wants the bitter sadness gone, so he sings the song Jimin always sang to him when he was young and couldn’t sleep. Jimin had a sweet voice, pretty, high and clear, soothing enough that Jeongguk would stay still long enough for his tired eyes to catch up. He had been ten name days old then and Jimin twelve, and despite having a home, his mother would pack him off to Jimin’s just to sleep.Sunsong was rich in its traditions, and they celebrated all their gods with wild abandon. Jimin was the star, but Jeongguk would join sometimes, always well at picking up all the skills littered around. He would be so shy then, hiding behind Jimin or his mother while he sang looking down at the ground. As he grew older he stopped, but he would hum to himself when he thought he was alone. It was something that brought him peace and happiness.He stumbles over the vowels now just so he can cut off the building hollowness of the Siren’s verse.Jeongguk resumes his task while he sings, breathing in tandem with the flow of the words and the reducing tightness of his chest. It’s somehow easier to work when he sings, something he hadn’t given thought to but now feels stupid for not having tried before. He didn’t have a reason to sing before, given where he was, and he doesn’t have a reason now either, save for not wanting to cry his eyes out remembering the faces he would never see again.He can sense Taehyung’s gaze on him, the way it follows as he walks to and fro from the shoreline to a tub near the entrance of the cottage, where Taehyung would remove the salt and make it drinkable. The gaze is something like when his leg falls asleep sometimes and he has to jump about a little before he can feel normal again, only this time he can’t shake off the other’s gaze. Jeongguk doesn’t look and keeps to himself, and the Siren sings no more.  Taehyung begins singing with him soon after.There is no rhythm to this. Taehyung sings soft, sorrow threaded between the lines, weeping and bleeding all over until Jeongguk can’t take it anymore, and then he cuts in, thinks of all the happy folk songs he can, sometimes rhymes of his childhood which leave his cheeks warm in embarrassment. Taehyung usually stops once he starts, but then one day–he joins Jeongguk, humming the tune of the song of the Harvest Mother, the goddess of food in Sinwang, and Jeongguk stops because–no matter the owner, Taehyung’s voice is like a honeyed melon on a hot summer afternoon and Jeongguk is not yet so full of hate and spite to loathe it. And the Sunsong songs sound so much better in his melody than Jeongguk could ever hope to live up to.“Your voice suits the song,” he comments airily once, though his hands shake with fear tinged with curiosity, wondering if he spoke out of turn. Taehyung doesn’t respond, but he doesn’t stop humming either this time. Jeongguk watches him work at the soil, elbow deep into the muck and streaks of it across his cheek from when he’d rubbed it. It doesn’t stain his powerful presence or his beauty, however.Taehyung digs out some of the roots, a little rotten and tinged with deep purple as if his magic had festered away. “The hymn is quite sweet, though I don’t know what it’s about,” he replies after a moment, not looking at Jeongguk. His hair falls over his face and Jeongguk doesn’t see any sweat despite the humidity present. How unfair.“It’s a song about the harvest,” he says absent-mindedly, immersed in the way Taehyung works. For someone who has so much magic, Taehyung chooses to work as a human would. “We sing it during harvest season when preparing our crops. There’s a two-day celebration. It’s an ode to the Harvest Mother.”“Harvest Mother?”“The goddess of food and agriculture.”Taehyung raises an eyebrow. Pity lines his features and Jeongguk leans back on his heels.“We didn’t have that,” he says, before brushing his hands and clicking, all the dirt gone. Does he even bathe? He probably didn’t have to scrub the way Jeongguk had to after a day’s work. Pity and amusement dance in his eyes. “But you humans have a deity for everything, don’t you? No wonder you are so confused.”Irritation pricks under his skin, but Jeongguk stops short. There was no venom in what Taehyung had said. He bites his lip, unsure of how to respond, and takes long enough that Taehyung’s lips quirk up and he walks away as always, Jeongguk in the sand behind watching him go.  His feelings wax and wane as the moon the longer he spends on the island.Jeongguk was boisterous as a child–his energy was unbound and he drove his mother mad with how he refused to stay still. When Jimin and he became friends, he would run through the town. When he was twelve name days old and had met Yoongi and Seokjin, his love for the sea would see him frolicking in the waters at odd hours of the day.The townspeople were fond of him, of course. A happy child was a sign of a good home, the elders would tell his mother and she would beam, pride shining through. But they also thought he was much too restless to sit with someone and understand what they felt or said.They were wrong.Jeongguk had his moments of quiet. Moments when the energy recovered, for it wasn’t endless. Moments when he would close his eyes and pretend to sleep, but keep an ear out anyway. He didn’t talk much– he preferred action over words, which is why his theoretical classes were so boring. But that also meant he would observe and learn. Curiosity could manifest in myriad ways, after all.The longer he spends on the island, the more he studies Taehyung and grasps the fragments of truth lingering about. The island is lonesome, and Taehyung is not merely a creature of chaos. Something changed when Jeongguk asked for his name, and something has changed in Jeongguk staying alive for so long. He wasn’t supposed to, he thinks, because the chaos breaks away ever so slowly.A creature of hate wouldn’t be so sorrowful, would they? They wouldn’t drop their vengeance or torment. They wouldn’t heal or serve food when they could get so much more out of their prisoner’s death.They wouldn’t join the prisoner in its songs and hymns.There is darkness pulsing beneath Taehyung, hidden in layers upon layers.He watches Taehyung apologise to a fish Jeongguk had caught in the morning before gutting it slow.Taehyung desires to be seen cruelly.Jeongguk is sitting in the sand watching Taehyung skilfully separate the bone from the flesh and nearly hisses when the thought floats into his mind. A creature of hate wouldn’t apologise to a fish before killing it.What of the pigs then, his mind probes, and it’s a good question until he remembers what Taehyung had told him. Some of them tried to have their way with me. It revealed their true form.He hears Taehyung instruct him to dispose of the fish remains while he carries the meat, and Jeongguk walks over distantly, nose crinkling at the stench despite years of living with a family whose trade was fishing. He stares at the remains so long Taehyung snaps from a distance, distaste and annoyance colouring his face in a familiar way, which should get Jeongguk’s blood pumping and his heart racing with fear, but the realisation whirls around in his mind, drawing the distress away. The anger–maybe it was a front for something.No creature so angry could sing so sorrowfully and mourn something, could they?The queries don’t stop, even as he throws away the skin and walks inside to help with lighting the firewood. Jeongguk doesn’t want to probe at them–they clash with his outlook on the monster, something that had still lured people to their death and killed them carelessly, hated his kind and had him stranded here and wasn’t even killing him, just using him as a human slave. But he can’t help it. Yoongi would always joke about Jeongguk’s soft heart, and Seokjin would join him while Jeongguk would whine at them to stop, cheeks red and ears hot. But they hadn’t been lying.Jeongguk’s curiosity meant he could never encase his heart into a block of ice. He would feel too much, feel everything with an intensity he never quite learnt how to stop. Jimin had taught him not to control it, and Jeongguk had taken his liberty–in the end, the townspeople loved him, he had a loving family (well, until he made his trade choice) and he had found a family closer than blood itself. Being soft hadn’t turned out for the worst.Except now. The numbness he clutches at doesn’t last long, as if his heart doesn’t want it, pushes it out before it stays its welcome. He mindlessly slices the fish, the flesh slippery on the board while Taehyung bustles about at the other end, collecting spices. He slices his little finger in the process, and Taehyung is there in an instant as if he could sense the cut or the blood in the air. He tuts, holding Jeongguk’s hand for a moment before he moves away, and Jeongguk’s hand is healed.Would a true monster heal the most minor of cuts without a thought?  With curiosity comes naivety and–hope.Hope that a curious venture wouldn’t fail. Hope for the curiosity to lead him to answers, to the satisfaction of his craving. The hope hardly ever went in vain, but Jeongguk had learnt not to be so optimistic. His curiosity had what led him to be a captive, after all.But the naivety never goes away, he considers. One has to be a little naïve, stumble a little as a newborn fawn if they were to go looking for any answer. When Jeongguk had his insight a while back, he had mulled over it and been troubled too. He shouldn’t be meddling, should reign his inquisitiveness in before he crosses a line and is reminded, again.But the hope led to a budding idea, and now Jeongguk can’t stop thinking about it.Taehyung and he are at the table, the routine set into stone and familiar, perhaps even warm if he can trick himself to believe Taehyung is something else. The fish is delicious, something he has never tasted before but that he relishes almost instantly, embarrassed when Taehyung raises an eyebrow at the way he slurps it in. He waits for the comment, the venomous, you humans never learnt to eat properly, did you, or whatever it is that creatures like Taehyung think about his species. But Taehyung doesn’t say a word, and Jeongguk–bless his naïve, hopeful heart–wonders if he’s right about Taehyung.Maybe there’s something human in this inhuman creature. Maybe the monster of the Siren’s tale wasn’t always a monster.Maybe in finding that out Jeongguk could appeal to some emotional side of the Siren and see if he could leave by appealing to it, rather than wait for his impending death.  The third element of curiosity that most never talk about or hardly praise, is that there must be someone to receive a person’s curiosity well.Jeongguk got away with it in Sunsong most of the time, but he knew that this was one aspect of his that his Academy teachers had desperately tried to train him out of. He’s such a bright student, the star of his class. But his questions never stop. A curious person could easily enrage the wrong person.Once Jeongguk forms his idea, his thirst is incessant. He had been looking at the situation wrongly, waiting for death to strike when he could have learnt more, been better–outsmarted the creature. He had been thinking of violence and perseverance rather than using his mind.Strength is a good thing to have. But some plans fall apart in front of it, Yoongi had told him once during his apprenticeship. Jeongguk had laughed when Yoongi had kept a week for puzzles and strategy, which Jeongguk hadn’t been bad at but rusty, and certainly nothing for a skilled player like Yoongi. He had whined after his fifth loss, the sore loser he had always been, and asked Yoongi about the need for such things.Sometimes in your travels, you will have to think. Plan. Strength fails in the face of something that overpowers it. Use that brain of yours, Jeongguk-ah, all that brawn isn’t good.Jeongguk had scoffed. Now he wishes he hadn’t.So much precious time wasted when he could have been planning and working at the chinks in Taehyung’s armour all along, for surely there were chinks. No one, not even a creature of magic, could be impenetrable. Jeongguk had been too paralysed by fear to think clearly and had forgotten everything.So he asks. He makes sure they’re spaced apart and genuine in their curiosity, or else it would all fall apart.“What all plants do you grow?” He asks once, sweating profusely even as he digs new holes into the soil. He hates that for all the magic that flourishes here, constant cool breeze couldn’t be one of them.Taehyung stands above him, but far enough that he doesn’t cast a shadow over Jeongguk. “Why?”Jeongguk huffs, taking his hand out of the mud hole. “I don’t think it’s wrong to ask what all I’m planting every few days, is it?”He would have gotten a magical blast earlier. But Taehyung just sighs, though his eyes hold his glare steady. “The one you’re holding is cilantro. The other patches next to it will be dill and mint,” Taehyung replies, a long finger gracefully pointing. Jeongguk doesn’t know anything about plants, despite Jimin’s extensive knowledge and lectures.“Should these plants be growing in a place like this?” Jeongguk asks, realising for the first time that not all plants grew in a coastal place.Taehyung shrugs. “Not really. You can see the soil is clay,” he says, bending down but still maintaining his distance. “Not a lot could grow on this island when I came. I transformed the soil into something suitable.”When I came on this island. So he hadn’t been born here, then, but when had he come, and why had he stayed?Jeongguk files it away and resumes digging while Taehyung points to the other patches, and nods blankly at the answers.Once Taehyung asks him to fetch a cloverleaf and some water and allows him to come inside. There are remnants of a paste on the table, and Taehyung takes the leaf absent-mindedly from him and adds it, crushing it with a pestle before adding water and making a blindingly green potion of sorts.“What’s the potion for,” Jeongguk asks, and Taehyung snaps back to the reality–that he let Jeongguk remain inside and watch. Jeongguk sees him bristle, the way he stiffens in annoyance but doesn’t say much. That’s another question; why doesn’t he say much? Why did he stop?“Nothing that would interest you.”“Weren’t you the one who told me how curious humans are?” Jeongguk persists, even though he shouldn’t, he has to be careful or else Taehyung would know and –“I like to try out new potions and keep them,” Taehyung replies, shaking the liquid in a container, before whispering something into the opening and shutting it tight with a cork. “This one is for good luck.”Jeongguk blinks. Taehyung smiles, amused, and Jeongguk realises how ironic it must be, to be facing a potion about luck and have Taehyung keep it away. What a colossal joke.He fumes as he walks out.But his queries don’t stop. About the island, about its creatures, about the lake at the back–knowledge is also power, and there can never be enough of it. Taehyung always hesitates, always takes his sweet time, but he also always responds–which, either he is too arrogant to understand what Jeongguk’s going for, or he knows but doesn’t care, as if keeping Jeongguk captive isn’t his aim at all.Then why keep me alive? No, there has to be something. He’s got to be keeping me alive for something.He does get suspicious when Jeongguk begins to ask questions closer to home. What are the island boundaries like? How big is it? Is there really only one way in and out? Jeongguk shuts up then, especially when it lights up in his eyes and he curls away. He reminds himself of his limits and how he can’t afford to lose whatever thin brand of trust Taehyung’s gifted him with.Jeongguk asks questions about his magic–to which he never gets a straight answer. Taehyung stiffens then, sometimes glares, purple sparking from his fingertips in warning, bright enough to really shut Jeongguk up. He still gets an uncomfortable sting around parts of his body as a reminder, and Jeongguk quells, humbled. Irritated, but humbled.The suspicion and the anger, he had expected, but it’s the surprise that filters into Taehyung’s eyes sometimes that Jeongguk is taken aback with, that he hooks on to. They make his inhuman beauty more…human, he thinks, gives some semblance of humanity, as if Taehyung has never met anyone who wants to know him.Jeongguk’s aim is to find a weakness and use it to leave. However long it may take, he has to leave. But in such moments, he sometimes wonders, uncomfortable so, if the Siren is lonely.He pushes away the thought the moment it slithers in, begging for his attention. He can’t afford distractions now, and he has to escape somehow. Wasting his time on the Siren more than he already has would do him no good at all.Taehyung stops replying after a point. Jeongguk expected that; after all, curiosity needed appropriate people to bounce off of. Suspicion lines Taehyung’s eyes and he presses his lips often, neither replying nor giving any of his favoured taunts. Jeongguk sees it when he closes his eyes as if in prayer, which is ridiculous because surely Taehyung has no one and nothing to pray to. Evil creatures hardly ever followed anything other than themselves and their order.Jeongguk asks because he’s in too deep. His curiosity is the only thing that keeps him sane sometimes, the goal so tantalising he keeps at it, sure that sooner rather than later, he will stumble upon the right answers or break Taehyung’s guard down to get it. He knows it’s lined with desperation, sweet yet bitter in its wake.Jeongguk wasn’t one to give up.“Where is the island’s location?” He asks off-handed after dinner, sated and sleepy, the meal especially scrumptious tonight. The entire time, he had asked about the island, restless about his lack of knowledge about it. “There wasn’t a map when I left, but the land and the seas never change. Do you know where it is?”He expects no answers at this point. The stars above are so bright he blinks back tears occasionally from staring too long. Usually, when he keeps talking into the night, Taehyung is long gone.Usually.“The island has no location,” Taehyung says, voice sharp with frustration. Jeongguk snaps his head sideways, having never expected a response at all. “There is no use asking. Stop with these incessant questions.”Jeongguk scrambles for the opportunity that has presented itself. “What do you mean? Every place has a location, there was a compass that led me here. You could just tell me a little–”Taehyung breathes out harsh and then curls a fist, halting Jeongguk’s speech. There is no painful choking accompanying it this time, however, just empty air and a lack of voice. Jeongguk squawks, tongue unable to speak the words in his mind.“Ask me one more question, and I will take your voice away forever,” Taehyung mutters darkly, though his hand shakes. His entire frame does. Jeongguk’s vision is blurry, but he thinks he sees something breaking in Taehyung’s eyes. “Be a good boy, and do as I ask. There’s no need to ask.”Taehyung’s eyes are dark, and he uncurls the fist, Jeongguk’s voice returning with it.A trick of the light, then.As Jeongguk heaves and hums to feel his voice again, he only catches the end trails of Taehyung’s robe as he rushes away.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Eight|

   
The human felt too wrong.
  Warm hands clasped around his, the crush of leaves beneath and the laughter beyond, the smack of branches across his face- he ran on and on, following the sound, laughing with it and how its brightness was how he could see anything at all. 
He felt too familiar.
  They break through the edge and come upon the forest ringed around the pool, a blue so dark it was nearly black and so still that he dare not breathe–
He had wormed his way through like a ruthless vine that couldn’t be cut away.
  He felt his hand being tugged forward, incessant and impatient until he collapsed on the ground, wet earth digging into his knees, his robes spoiled, and was joined a moment later, the rustle of leaves the only sign of their presence. 
But familiar was a pattern.
  He breathes in the scent of fallen rain and rotten green, relishes the caress of the rough, warm thumb across his hand and how it stays and writes its promise across his skin. He looks to the side and smiles, the truth settling into his bones and young heart. 

  His lover smiles back. 
He wasn’t like the others, and yet–
  “I won’t leave you. You are my heart, Taehyung, and you have mine. This is my word.” 
–and yet, he was.Patterns were dangerous, after all.||Daybreak dawns peculiar.A thin stream of sunlight makes its way through and glides right across his face. He blinks his eyes open and sees the ceiling, the white gossamer sheets spelt to keep the mosquitoes away. The way they sway with the breeze from the open window next to him. This is the way it is and always will be.Yet, the sight is peculiar.Taehyung supposes it’s a creation of time’s oddity and how he would never be able to wrap his head around it.It’s yet another dawn in the many mornings he has woken this way, and it shouldn’t feel any different from the quaintness that possesses him each time, but–He wakes with the knowledge carefully scraping beneath that it’s a morning he’s not alone in his home.The human has been here too long and grown too familiar and yet, Taehyung can’t help himself.There is a rhythm to the way he has carved his life out upon this island, a tune he has followed for eons, long enough that he doesn’t count anymore. He wrote the piece in a way that it would play the same song each time he tried. There is his home and the shallow waters that surround it, a picture of serenity. Sometimes his lovely creatures, his sirens, bring forth their meals and pass up on it so he can have his pleasure too. The meals see and think him hapless, ripe for the taking and so very vulnerable and lonesome in this strange, nameless place.Taehyung takes great pleasure in taking them apart.The humans are incorrigible creatures; this, he has learnt. Painfully, heart and soul shredded by the knowledge, but it is engraved upon him. More than incorrigible, there’s a certain arrogance that possesses them– arrogance he had been blind to once, forgoing the greed that runs in their veins. All they ever wish is to conquer and claim. Taehyung’s name– or whatever it is they called his existence– soon to join their quests.Death does not deter them much.It was curious, how for creatures so quick to break and crack, to leave this world without a stain even, they remained ever so reckless. Grandiose. Some days when he felt not so vengeful and bitter, Taehyung would muse over it. The days when he asked his sirens to let them through, to let them pass so he could learn of the world and see what his new visitors had gotten up to, he would let his curiosity flow. But the truth of the matter was always the same: they were reckless, they were bored and so, they would court Death.Taehyung certainly courted them back, and Death welcomed them with open arms.This is the rhythm of the song he sings, and Taehyung doesn’t think twice about it, words so familiar they flow on, sometimes through his sirens’ mouths, enticing the sailors to know who the sadness belongs to. They realise too late that it is not sadness but pity that Taehyung feels for them, for their foolishness and naivety that cracks upon the rocks of his home and fills the bellies of his lovely ones.Or so it was until this particular sailor washed ashore.Sometimes, his sirens let humans pass without harming a single hair. Taehyung doesn’t ask them why; they just do. A challenge, they whisper often, and Taehyung accepts. He made them so long ago he doesn’t know why they do what they do or when they broke free of him, only that they stay out of a sense of loyalty, though he never asked for it. He thinks they know why he’s here or sense it, and the only way they think it can be appeased is if they send him their meals. Taehyung appreciates it, always has, and he lets them know that he does.The challenges don’t last long, however. The sailors and pirates and travellers, they all turn out the same in the end: hungry, greedy and mistaken. They see him and think him weak, they try their inane little tricks and Taehyung lets them, after all this time. He lets them have their delusions of grandiosity, of power and victory, enjoys it even– and then he reminds them of their fickleness, the ugly truth underneath all that malleable flesh and watches them transform, his purple so dark it pulses black. They are their true forms and at last, they look at him as he deserves to be looked at, and then Taehyung leaves them be.This is the way it is and has always been, until– until, this sailor boy who his sirens passed, who resisted their calls, they told him- refused to give in to their songs. They had called Taehyung, which they hardly ever did, and he had come out of sheer surprise, dragged him through the water and onto the sand, saw the half-melted stub of wax in the boy’s ear and known–The tune is the same but the boy– he is different.Each morning is a familiar peculiar that Taehyung has known, but he’s not alone anymore and hasn’t been for a while, and the knowledge pricks him far too often to be comfortable.He sets about his daily tasks, setting his bed, lighting the incense and the sage before retreating to his workstation, herbs ready and dried over the night. The sun rises steadily into the sky, flickering through the windows as Taehyung crushes the herbs, adding the oils to merge them into a paste– it is one of his favourite things to do, making the potions and pastes. Sometimes he would collect flowers to add colour, maybe even create paints. As he grinds the mixture into something smoother, he picks apart the sounds outside– the rustling of clothes, stumbling of feet and the crunch against the gravel. A moment later, and the splash of water scrubbing at the skin.The human has woken.It took Taehyung a while to get used to that and not immediately burn the front of his cottage down. The sailor was noisy, even though Taehyung could tell he tried his best to be silent and stealthy. He grumbled in the mornings and would yawn as he went on to stroll somewhere on the island– Taehyung knew all about it, even though the human thought he didn’t. It surprised him time and again how gullible and arrogant humans continuously proved themselves to be.Taehyung gets back to his potion and waits for the human to return.The new rhythm travels in strange waves: Taehyung waits inside until it’s time, and then the human knocks on the door, tentative yet sharp and Taehyung brings out the butcher’s knife, its edge gleaming silver. It had been a gift from one of the sailors whose name he’s long forgotten, only remembers that his throat had been the first sacrifice when Taehyung had had enough. He admires it for a moment, his face reflected on the surface for just a moment before he looks away, unable to bear it.He opens the door and there he is, at last– the human boy who hasn’t left the island– or Taehyung’s mind.Taehyung tilts his face, settling into the rhythm as a musician would. The boy is good to look at– for his kind. Black hair that’s coarse with salt frames his tanned face, angular yet round with the leftover marks of adolescence. He’s tall and well-built– not taller than Taehyung, but broad in a way that makes it seem so. Taehyung had always been so narrow.He’s handsome to look at, in a rugged, human way– as most sailors and pirates Taehyung had come across. But it is his eyes that capture Taehyung’s curiosity the most– much to his annoyance. They’re large, fringed with eyelashes long enough to create a shadow, and dotted with perpetual stars in his eyes– the boy’s eyes are so alive, so open that Taehyung can’t help but wonder how he even managed to get by in his human world. The wolves would tear him apart, wouldn’t they?Today, however, he looks– sad. Guarded, for he fidgets at the doorstep in a way that he hasn’t in a while-which is satisfying to watch. The human had become too bold, and it was good that he came back to his senses.Last night’s warning seemed to have done its work, then.Taehyung’s pleased it did. He silently hands the blade to the boy who takes it without a word and saunters on while Taehyung watches him go. He’s glad, because–The boy is the same, and yet, he is not. Something unpleasant coils in Taehyung’s gut as he recalls why, and he wishes he didn’t, wishes that the boy wasn’t so peculiar, wishes that he could just reveal his true form so that Taehyung could do what he did best and be on his way, alone and at peace.Taehyung follows shortly after and watches as the boy picks out a pig– small, the runt of the pack. Taehyung pushes past and sees its eyes, recalling it to be the female pirate who had claimed to be shipwrecked and begged for Taehyung’s assistance. Her eyes had been wicked– Taehyung’s magic could smell her intentions, and he didn’t even have to turn around when she attempted to hold a knife to his throat– the next time he saw her, she was a quivering pig, a first for a female.He had no qualms about throwing her into the same sty with her male counterparts and did not care when they mounted her and she would wail into the night. Humans were deserving of all the cruelty they inflicted upon this world.He supposes its mercy now to end her life, disgusting and pathetic as it’s been– but merciful all the same.He scoops up the little thing– warm, moist and quivering– and carries her out, freezing the others without a thought. To the pig’s credit, she’s one of the few that doesn’t squeal, and Taehyung thinks she recognises this is all the compassion she would receive.The human hands Taehyung the blade– he doesn’t make the boy kill the pigs, not because the boy still trembles, even though he tries to look brave– but because he can’t. Magic had rules, and control was one of them– only Taehyung could control the pigs without it turning into a bloodbath. He would have loved to have the boy partake in the activity, but alas– magic was magic.“It isn’t screaming,” the boy observes, and Taehyung raises an eyebrow– last night should have put a stop to all speech, if not for those incessant questions.Taehyung holds the blade and decides to be merciful once more. She had suffered enough, and her suffering is over in a single strike. The blood gushes out, bounding off his robes where the magic repels it, and onto the sand below. Taehyung watches the life leave her eyes.“She suffered enough in the hold.”The boy frowns. “She?”Taehyung waits until the pig drains completely before carting it off to the boy, who accepts easily as if it has become second thought. What a wonderful helper. “A female pirate, I think. She tried to trick me and then attack me, but realised the error of her ways.”The boy gulps as he looks at the body. The guilt never leaves his eyes, Taehyung notices, the stars in them heavy with it. He quashes away any thought that the boy could possibly show remorse or care, even though–Even though he had asked Taehyung his name.“And how did she suffer?”Taehyung smiles, cleaning the edge of the blade with his sleeve. “Imagine a female in a room of rowdy men. Now think they’re all pigs.” He watches the boy go pale, and feels a rough edge sooth over. “Which humans are. But still unfortunate for the hapless, no?”He walks away, expecting the boy to follow the rhythm he has set, the new harmony he has built. He smiles when he hears the shaky exhale and the crunch of gravel behind. || Taehyung’s warning has proved futile.There are few things he holds pride over in his waste of a life. Or whatever it is that he can call his existence– and magic has always been one of them. The power he has honed for ages, practised relentlessly with, hurt himself with until he mastered it– Taehyung has poured everything to make it an art. And where there is expertise in art, there is power. And humans, once they see it for what it is, quake in its wake.This is the rhythm he has built and his world follows. Taehyung has built this island with bare hands and pitiful spurts of purple until it grew into something larger than his pitiful life. It shows and is a beacon of warning, and most humans are too late by the time they realise the error of their ways.The boy, however, is not one of them.He is undeniably human, if the way he wakes and curses at the sun, or the way he needs to wash the dirt of each day is any indication. He eats as if he is starving and if not for the boy, Taehyung thinks he wouldn’t be running out of his pigs.He is as human as they come and have been coming, except– he is not uncouth. He harbours no greed in his telling eyes, no lust in Taehyung’s body, which humans have craved after having looked at him, the need to own him stinking up the air. Taehyung has seen it all. He’s seen the greed, the recklessness and the lust, seen their schemes, their whispers or the dirty ways in which their hands linger upon him. He’s seen them ask for too much, to walk as if they own the place and perhaps the world– and he’s also shown them how mistaken they are. Humans are predictable and easy.The boy is not.Not in the way he moves– Taehyung can track him from miles away, the island honed to whisper about his whereabouts should Taehyung want. The boy isn’t stealthy, is agonisingly loud– at least, to his ears. He does try, but Taehyung can’t be deceived.He won’t be fooled, again.The boy had been afraid when he saw Taehyung’s magic– just as Taehyung had wanted. He’d been wary, mistrust in every step and careful executions of movement as if he didn’t want to anger Taehyung. And it had made him happy, to see yet another human put in his place.Except–Except the boy had been livid when he’d first arrived. Fear and anger both danced in his large eyes, and Taehyung had been taken aback by the anger– the humans never remained long enough for it to develop. The boy had been there for a long time. Taehyung watched him every day as the boy pushed to stay alive– yet reject Taehyung’s aid, eyes alight with fire and mouth foaming with tenacity. His wounds had festered; his skin had wrinkled with saltwater and he smelt like rotten seaweed, bad enough that Taehyung really thought the sailor had died and was a ghostly apparition.A couple of days had passed and Taehyung had been unable to bear such willpower in the face of all the challenges he had set up. The human shouldn’t have lived.And yet here he was.A niggling thought asks him if that alone is what propelled him to help the boy; Taehyung snaps it shut, vice-like grip over the thought’s cage. If the human was so keen on living, then Taehyung would find a use of him.And use he does.The boy is strong, despite the days he went without food or water. Taehyung isn’t a fool– he’s sure in the human world, the boy is wanted. He is tall, broad yet lean, his waist delectable, and his thighs thick– he carries weight around like nothing. Nothing had survived from his ship– his sirens had seen to it, ripping it apart in looking for more souls, since they all voyaged as a crew– and the boy was alone, with nothing but the clothes on his back.The boy had thoughtlessly attempted to attack him– and the fear had settled in at last, the anger vanishing away, except it hadn’t– it burned inside the boy, targeted towards Taehyung even when the boy cowered, head hung low as he took Taehyung’s insults and did what was asked of him. Even when Taehyung caressed him with his magic.Then the boy began to get curious– and something odd slithered its way down Taehyung’s spine as the curiosity grew until he did what he did best– shut him up and show him how terrifying his magic could be.But Taehyung’s warning is ineffective, for the boy only grows more relentless.One day. That was all it took for his warning to last, for the boy to be mellow, before he decided to court Death– only this time, through Taehyung’s thinning patience.“Was the island always like this?” The boy wonders aloud over their dinner of pig stew and bread. Taehyung only closes his eyes and breathes out slowly, irate yet surprised at the boy’s disobedience. Not that Taehyung asked it of him, but it was expected– he was the one with the power and the magic. “Did you build everything? Or was it your magic?”Taehyung contemplates not answering. But that hasn’t deterred the boy yet. “It was both.”“So all the material was there?”“Describe material.”The boy waves around his spoon, drops of stew flying about. One lands on Taehyung’s cheek and he wipes it away, unable to express his aggravated he is. “You know– like rocks. Or stone, or wood. Hay, for your roof? Mortar for your steps? Were they always there?”Taehyung takes in a couple more bites– he doesn’t know why he eats, he can live without food for a while, but the rhythm tells him to share his dinner with this boy and Taehyung abides by it.“It has been a long time. I don’t recall.”He takes in the last bite and gets up immediately after that, curling his lip at the boy’s bowl still half-full. He doesn’t comment, however, and walks away to wash, leaving the boy behind.Once inside the safety of his cottage, Taehyung breathes out, shuddering against the door. Annoyance and sadness run their course through him, and he closes his eyes, unwelcome flashes of a past memory coming by.The curiosity would always be a sore spot in Taehyung’s life, and yet– it would always be something he would cherish. Humans and their curiosity was a curse, and yet, it felt like a gift to Taehyung, even when it had taken so much from him.A wild thing inside hopes in him that the boy does not. || The boy is different because he obeys Taehyung with an efficiency Taehyung hadn’t expected of his kind.The humans he had sheltered and done away with were recklessly…proud. Noses up in the air, a sneer on their faces and a foul curl on their lips. Some of them had been beautiful to look at– but their intentions marred them. They saw his home not with wonder but with hunger, crushed his plants and laughed at the food he served under pretence– each move revealing more and more of who they were deep inside. Taehyung’s magic would coil tighter and tighter into a thick purple cord, imagining and forming, before it came alive and turned them into what they were all along and joined the rest of their disgusting brethren. Sometimes, the magic would sentence them to die, their true forms so vile only Death could absolve them. Then, Taehyung would send them to his sirens or show him his favourite blade, and that was the last thing they’d ever see.The boy, however– is nothing like them, and the dissimilarity eats away at Taehyung as nothing else.He had been hungry and tired, yet viciously angry– the boy had refused to beg. It had made Taehyung’s blood sing when the boy finally relented, but even that had been too short-lived– the boy’s tenacity raged like the ocean at its roughest storms.And then the boy mellowed down as quiet as a cool summer afternoon by the beach, the waves lapping at his feet– and the shift caused him to rage inside.Perhaps it was the fear, but that wasn’t enough for Taehyung to settle– there was something more. One moment the boy clashed, the next he was tentative smiles and crinkled eyes. It was a sweet look, Taehyung couldn’t deny that. It brought out the apparent boyishness, the same naivety that had perhaps made the boy come sailing down Taehyung’s land.It’s much too sweet for Taehyung to take, but– the boy had asked him his name.That was what had thrown sand in his eyes. The boy had asked it so curiously too, his eyes wide with it and innocent– and all Taehyung could think about was the hollowness he always felt, and how it pinched, to know and to admit that no one had ever asked for it. To realise how lonely he had felt until then, how parched his lips felt when forming the syllables of his own name.Nothing happened after that. The boy had only nodded and continued skinning the pig. But something had happened– Taehyung felt his magic shift. It was always coiled so tight around him, protective and stiflingly hot sometimes, but it had perked up, curious and touched– Taehyung had to lock away the interest. Things weren’t good when his magic got involved more than required.The boy is different because he asks. He asks and persists and wonders aloud, and some days all Taehyung wishes to do is to do away with him and get back his peace.But neither does he reach for a blade nor send him to the sirens. His magic halts back, unwilling to hurt the boy who wants to know. Shouldn’t we give him a chance? And this is what makes Taehyung retreat back, back and back, deep inside in his carved home, away from the cursed curiosity, reeling his magic away from its own inquisitiveness. The inquisitiveness troubles him. Annoyance laps at his insides but along with it is the more niggling…fascination.A fascination he hasn’t felt for a human in a long, long time.He wants to know us, his magic whispers sometimes, but Taehyung ignores it. He ignores it as much as he disregards the boy’s incessant questions. The boy asks about the island and acts so nonchalant. As if Taehyung would ever tell him anything.As if you know enough to tell him, the magic snickers inside, and Taehyung presses his lips to keep his reactions private. The boy can’t know of this, for he would stop seeing Taehyung as something to fear if he knew how much he grappled with the magic he was supposed to fear.And Taehyung couldn’t have that. Wouldn’t have it, would rather burn than let himself fall again. He would rather his magic choke him than ever give in to the boy. Even if he was different, curious and dare he say it–Perhaps good at heart.How naïve it would be of him, then.|| The boy sleeps soundly for a captor.After their shared dinner at nights, dinners that Taehyung has come to enjoy if only because it quells the noise in his head from his own aching anger and loneliness, the boy goes his way and Taehyung retreats. The boy has been in his home so long that Taehyung doesn’t quite know what to do with him.It alarms him that he doesn’t know why this is so.Late at night, however, Taehyung sleeps fitfully and wakes from time to time, a relentless weight on his mind that never settles, a blank fog where there should be reason. His magic coils tighter, desperate to protect him, but neither know what from.The feeling has never left Taehyung since he opened his eyes and saw the shoreline of his new home.Taehyung doesn’t usually make his way out of his cottage until the sun breaks the surface of the clouds. But tonight, however– tonight is different. The feeling has encased him entirely, tickling the back of his throat and sitting heavy on his chest. If Taehyung doesn’t do anything soon, it would wrap around his waist and legs and he would not be able to move at all. Usually, he sings. Sometimes he lights a lamp and works on a spell, makes a potion or simply grinds flowers and the collected barks from his trees just for his hands to do something. But he can’t now, because the boy is outside.The feeling hasn’t hit so strong in a long while. Taehyung hisses through his teeth, frustrated. The boy is outside, so Taehyung can’t wake. A part of him wonders why, since he’s the lord and master and a puny human boy is no match for him. The boy looks strong but he does not own a flicker of the power that runs through Taehyung’s veins.Yet, Taehyung is paralysed, unable to do what he’s supposed to do.He raises his hands– heavy, slow, crawling with ants, but he persists, rubs his eyes and breathes through clenched teeth. He rises slowly, inch by inch until the sheets pool around his ankles and with laborious effort, puts one foot on the ground and swings himself up. His chest hurts, the ache of heaviness familiar so long he’s forgotten why it’s so heavy and why it never leaves– and breathes some more.A look at his cluttered workstation tells him no potions will be made tonight.Compromise is the way of magic in every little way. Taehyung’s power asks for a lot, and he does his part in maintaining it, something he had to learn the hard way, without much guidance. Part of the process is to let himself be guided by his magic when it asks Taehyung to yield– and yield he does. Only to his magic, his saviour and his hope. The magic tonight tells him potions aren’t the way; there are no new spells to try and there’s nothing Taehyung can do that he hasn’t tried in all the time here.It tugs at him to leave his home, and Taehyung resists. The tug is hard, a jolt to his belly that has him stumbling out of the warmth of his bed and on towards the door.Outside. You must go outside, it whispers, ceaseless with its tugging.Is it really necessary?  He asks, and the answer is a tug that has him wrapping a hand around the handle and pulling his door open.His home at night is splendid. The stars are alight thousands upon thousands, and the moon shines bright, encasing everything into a dull glow. There is a chill in the air as well, though Taehyung barely feels it– for a moment he wonders how the boy fares. Humans were known to be sensitive to things like the weather.The boy is nowhere to be found.Leftover panic coils in his belly and Taehyung wants to know where he is, where he could be hiding– but his magic tamps down on it, focused on its only goal. The boy is there. Step out.Taehyung does, each step heavy and slow. He finds himself on the path towards his garden plot and smiles to himself, knowing nothing and no one can see it, since the boy is nowhere in sight. His plants perk up at his nearing presence, eager to be visited.He freezes when he finds the boy curled up into himself between a rock and a bush near the table– a poor excuse for an escape from the chill of the sea breeze. His mouth is slack open, years taken off his face to make it appear even younger, and his hair dark across his forehead. Taehyung is arrested in the moment. He watches as the boy smacks his lips in sleep, nose wrinkling before settling back into the picture of calm.Taehyung snaps his fingers a little and adds more barriers between the wind and where the boy sleeps, before hurriedly moving on, shame boiling deep inside at his actions. Why did he care if the boy was cold or not?He reaches out towards his plants, the sweet little things, and smiles once again as they wrap around his outstretched palm, as the moonshine glows brighter and there’s a titter amongst the ones awake. Taehyung can’t understand them too well– he doesn’t have the green thumb of magic unlike some of his other kind, but he knows they’re fond of him. He tends to them as best as he can and makes sure they live. He feels their gratitude and knows when they are upset or thirsty and even sometimes jealous, especially when Taehyung forgets to visit them.The night is splendid in his home. There’s a hollow peace that surrounds him and his world as it has been since he can remember, and he doesn’t wish to fill it up. He thrives in it even, or so his magic tells him he does, and Taehyung believes it. He tickles the bloodbane– or so he had named, when he had found that it stopped blood flowing out and cured injuries faster– and smiles as the ivy wraps around his ankle naughtily, hoping to trip him.The heaviness reduces gradually with each breath and moment he spends with his green ones, that he tends to the new shoots or warms the soil they reside in. He brushes past the torn leaves and the sad wilts, breathes life into the frozen petals and stays so long he forgets why he wanted to be there in the first place.Taehyung forgets easily.Enough that he doesn’t register movement until there’s a hand on his shoulder, a gentle squeeze and–“Taehyung? What are you–?”  The boy never gets to ask, because Taehyung flings around and snaps his fingers, his magic hissing heated and fast. The boy is thrown backwards from the force of it even as Taehyung struggles to loosen the ivy around his legs, breathing hard.The boy groans, hissing as the pain collects while Taehyung gasps, clenching and unclenching his fists as the magic inside roils back to be let out and destroy anything that would dare harm Taehyung. It cackles at the boy in the sand and Taehyung echoes it, pleased that he can still look out for himself, even though he was a fool to have forgotten that the boy was there, a fool to think the sleeping boy would remain sleeping when humans have worked for years and years to break him and his walls, to enter his home and take it by force, the sheer arrogance–Curse him. Curse him for forgetting, for still being so stupid, so naïve to have forgotten.“What the fuck was that?” The boy gasps, raising himself on his elbows. Sleep lingers in his eyes but Taehyung can only see a human in front of him pretending to be good. He was a fool, and nothing else– “Do you just fucking slam back anyone who touches you? I didn’t even–”Taehyung holds a hand up and holds it tight, and the noise of the boy’s speech cuts off. All humans ever did was talk. Talk and whisper sweet nothings until they were sticky like honey deep, deep inside, and Taehyung was trapped. But no more. Never again.They were not worth the fascination he had felt or perhaps is in danger of feeling, and this helps. Even as the boy’s protests try to cut through the panicked fog in his mind, it helps. An outlet and a reminder.The boy chokes on air even harder, a little more painfully than Taehyung had intended, unfortunately. But it got the noise to stop, it got the boy to stop, and wasn’t this what Taehyung had wanted? Who did the boy think he was to go meander into the night as if he owned Taehyung’s home?“Since you never keep quiet, perhaps you need a reminder again,” he states, quiet and slow, but clear. The boy should have heeded his warning from the night before. But humans never listen. They never learn. “Don’t ever think you can do what you want simply because you’re alive. Understood? Take this into careful consideration this time and get into your thick skull. Next time I won’t stop.”Taehyung looks up from examining his nails and is arrested once again.There is not a drop of remorse in the boy’s eyes, which are blazing. Sleep lingers no more; instead, anger bleeds from his gaze, anger directed at Taehyung so sharp it burns a hole into his robes, which Taehyung tucks around him in a move to avoid the sensation. He remembers how angry the boy had been at the start and how even as he’d begun losing his fight, Taehyung’s favourite part about his captives– he never truly gave up, infuriatingly so.That very anger glows in the boy’s young eyes, large and so, so telling, and Taehyung wishes he couldn’t read them now. He hadn’t realised just how long he’d gone without being subject to the boy’s irritation and hate.But Taehyung can’t let the boy know that– or himself. Why does he care if the boy is angry or not? So many of his captives had an attitude problem, and Taehyung was only fixing them by reminding them that they did not own the world, and they certainly could never own Taehyung.Just because the boy was alive did not mean that Taehyung’s mercy could be played with, and the boy needed to know that.And Taehyung needed to remember that.  Whatever fragile truce they seemed to have formed between them– a truce that Taehyung had never asked for or seen coming, yet another reason why he needed that reminder– had come to an end, however.Habits are hard to form but even harder to break. A new grove had dug deep into Taehyung’s rhythm– each morning, Taehyung would wake to gossamer sheets above head and the sun’s gentle glide, and the sensation of the morning being peculiar. It was much the same today after he had retired the night before– but something swooped low in his belly, warring with his magic. He gulped several times before he steeled himself to wake up, going about his chores and cleaning his workstation.But something was off.There were no sounds from the boy.He’s so humanly loud, each grumble and crack of his knuckles as he wakes sharp to Taehyung, who hears better than most. The gravel of sand shifting, the crunch of each step to wherever the boy fancies– Taehyung knows this happens each morning since the boy arrived. The boy would come back soon enough and knock on his door, patient and timid but hand held out for the blade, veins on his forearms straining under the slight weight of it.Today, however, there are no knocks.Time has no meaning in Taehyung’s life, not anymore. The sun rises and sets; the moon shows herself some nights and hides behind the clouds on others. He stopped counting long back– and he doesn’t wish to either. But there is a natural rhythm set around him that lets him know when a day begins and ends; in the birds chirping before dawn, the leaves of his plants uncurling and whispering amongst themselves, the last call of his sirens before they retire for the day. It is ever-present, breathing shallow next to him and Taehyung knows each breath from the next. He knows it takes not more than twenty turns of the waves crashing before the boy nears his home. He knows it in the way some of the bugs he’s trapped flutter around in their jars or the way the incense burns out before he lights a new one.By the twenty-second crash, he does not hear the familiar, timid rap against his door. Nerves turn inside Taehyung’s stomach and he exhales out, even as he clutches the pestle to the mortar tightly, focuses on the green of his leaves staining his fingertips. He had silenced the boy last night rather harshly; perhaps he was recovering from his injuries. Humans were so fragile, so breakable though in their world they claimed to be invulnerable. Even without his magic, Taehyung could take them on.At fifteen more crashes, Taehyung drops the pestle and walks towards his door, pausing only to arm himself with the blade before flinging the door open, impatience colouring his actions. Once he’s outside, however– he sees that the boy is in fact, wide awake, sitting tensely on the floor of the steps with his back hunched.The boy is still furious.It bleeds in the air between them, red and dense enough that Taehyung could cut it with the blade he holds. His magic sizzles, coiling backwards and tasting bitter on Taehyung’s tongue, corrosive enough that he bites his lips to hold back the gag– the protective aspect of his magic was perhaps one of the most annoying things about having it, and one that Taehyung didn’t need right now.Taehyung is silent when he moves. His robes levitate slightly in the air so he doesn’t have to wash them often, and his steps are sure-footed without the penchant to drag. It’s a good advantage to have, given how loud and unassuming humans had proven to be– they never saw him coming. Or how quick he could move before they even took another breath.But the boy knows, and he tenses further– Taehyung can’t see him but he can see tan knuckles clamping white, forearms crossed tight across themselves and the side of his jaw clenching. It throws him off, that the boy can somehow sense him– perhaps it was the door that gave Taehyung away. The boy was just like the others. There was nothing special about him.Except when he turns around, his face falls into distaste at the sight of Taehyung– different from the expressions he had been giving. Nothing wonderful– but a certain softness lay around his eyes and his mouth, the way the lines on his forehead had relaxed, how free and playful he had been with his body– all the signs that the boy was getting comfortable. At ease around Taehyung, something he couldn’t have ever again. But the disgust was new and offset by the anger swimming in the boy’s eyes, and before Taehyung could even utter a word, the boy gets up swiftly and snatches the knife from Taehyung’s hand, lax as it had been.His magic trashes inside, insulted and fuming, heckling at Taehyung to protect himself, to take back the knife; how dare a puny human take away something without Taehyung’s permission, how dare he wander off like he hadn’t just committed a grievous sin–The boy, however, doesn’t make any moves to attack Taehyung. No, he storms off– towards the sty holding the pigs, anger lining every inch of his body, lingering in every step he takes. Taehyung is frozen as the boy reaches, unlocks the padlock and bursts inside.Mayhem ensues.The delicacy of magic is what haunts Taehyung in his sleep sometimes, despite the time he’s had to hone it to an image of himself, an image that he wants to show and believe. His magic does most of his work but is still a sentient entity of its own with no end and no beginning. It stays warm inside and some days, Taehyung can’t tell it apart from himself. Other days, there are stark reminders of the power he borrows from the all-powerful deity.He had transformed each captive that had come his way into their true forms, but the cost of transformational magic was hefty. It’s why occasionally Taehyung would prefer to kill off his captives rather than let them linger; in a way, each transformation was linked to Taehyung’s very presence– his existence.Without his involvement, the magic that had separated from him went berserk, a strange sort of protection the pigs had if Taehyung was not there.The boy grabs one of the pigs, which struggles, mud and shit staining the boy’s already dirty linen. To his credit, the boy holds on while also holding the knife, a feat in itself. But the boy doesn’t see the rest of the pigs taking their chance, some clambering upon him, some seeing the open gate behind and rushing towards it, towards what they perceive as freedom at last. The pig in the boy’s arms screeches, echoes bouncing off the rocks and trees nearby, calling upon its brethren. The boy grunts under the weight and finally hefts the knife, slashing half-hazard to quiet the scuffles of the pig, unseeing of where the blade goes.The chop is nasty– messy, bright red spurting out in unsightly sprays and dripping down in a thick sludge. The last, feeble struggles of the dying pig, however, cause the blade to shift and slice the boy’s forearm as well.The sand around them is red, red and red, dark and thick, the stench of iron so strong that Taehyung finally moves– about time, his magic mocks– and clenches a fist tight in the air that freezes the pigs scrambling about, some shitting right where they stand. Meanwhile, the pig drops dead on the ground, grossly cut with flesh hanging around the gash; the boy drops the knife and clutches desperately at his wound that bleeds through his fingers, fast and unrelenting. His eyes are shut tight, teeth clenched at the pain no doubt, and a part of Taehyung rejoices at the display– another chance to help the boy, to save him and show how fragile he is. Taehyung has always enjoyed those as well.Schooling his feature into boredom, Taehyung walks towards, palm warming with magic. He expects desperation, the hiss of pain and resignation, as the boy had been giving him whenever the island caused him to be more easily injured, none of Taehyung’s doing of course– but when he is near enough to check on the gash with a sigh, he finds the boy suddenly opening his eyes and remove his hand for a moment to push at Taehyung, wild and hard enough that Taehyung stumbles back.“I’ll handle it,” the boy hisses, stepping backwards even as he hurriedly covers the wound again– deep and red, right along the vein, bleeding so heavy the boy will lose his blood. All Taehyung can think about is how he hadn’t seen the boy pushing him; how had he gotten so careless? When did this happen?And why was the boy so obstinate, for the Mother’s sake?The boy groans even as he wraps his hand tight, but turns away from Taehyung, clear that he doesn’t want help. Anger and humiliation colour his veins; the slight he feels is insurmountable. Taehyung can sense the pinch of the blood loss, a part of his magic connected to the boy given how often he’s healed the boy, but he breathes sharply a moment before turning around– if the human thinks he can handle it, then Taehyung is no one to worry or care.Ungrateful little beasts, the lot of them.He gathers the pigs one by one, grip hard even as they quake, nearly throwing them into the hold for their insolence. Not that he didn’t see it coming; they were captives. Of course, they would seek escape, any sane entity would. They just happened to underestimate Taehyung again, and they would pay for it. They all would. || Taehyung doesn’t want to think about it, but he wonders.He wonders how the boy would “handle it”. Taehyung had seen the gash; it was no simple one, almost like the one the boy had on his calf, just without the setting rot or darkened, days old flesh. The boy had nothing but the clothes on his back, and even those had been as a result of Taehyung’s benevolence.Humans were frighteningly incompetent. For a brief moment, curiosity flares inside as he wonders how exactly they survive in whatever pocket of land they come from. Surely a wound such as the one the boy had could only be healed with magic. When he had last known a human settlement, they were mere cavemen, huddled around their little societies scavenging what they could find around, careful not to disturb people like Taehyung; his species more like. Had things changed?Taehyung snorts to himself. Of course, things must have changed; humans had their ships and their strange tongues, their arrogance and their greed– Taehyung may not have known the world outside of his haven, but he understood every time he got a new captive– things had changed a long time ago, nothing resembling what Taehyung had known. Except that at their hearts, or whatever was left of it, they were insolent, stubborn people who craved and broke and stole.He supposes that’s where the boy’s hard-headedness comes from.Taehyung tries to go about his daily tasks, the schedule he keeps for himself, but the curiosity wins out. When the sun nears its midpoint, Taehyung grabs a pail nearby and goes out, the excuse of wanting freshwater lingering on his tongue– though he stops momentarily, wondering why he needs an excuse to explain himself. It’s his home; he can do as he pleases.He steps out, the silence eerie. There is no sign of the boy, and worry begins to line each breath he takes. There is a bright red spot near the pigsty that’s crackling rust-brown under the heat of the sun, but the boy in question is nowhere to be found.Clutching the handle of the pail tightly, Taehyung walks to the spot briskly, snapping his finger to get rid of the thick stench of iron and shit muddled in the sharp sea breeze. The pigs nearby cower in fright and anger both but Taehyung hardly spares them a glance; instead, he focuses on the trail of fresh drops of blood leading away from the spot towards the back of his cottage.Taehyung follows the trail, the blood too red and bright under the glare of the sun, each step foreboding as his magic picks up the signs of injury. It’s an unfortunate side effect of using it on living beings, how connected his magic becomes, and how it loops around his insides in tense knots that he doesn’t know what to name. It can’t be worry, can it? It shouldn’t be even if it is; Taehyung was above and beyond such human things. It surely wasn’t fear– whether of the boy or for him.It was mistrust. It was not knowing where the boy had trudged off to. That was all Taehyung was willing to accept.He ends up at the pond right behind his cottage, enclosed within its dense foliage– and drops his pail when he sees a figure lying half in the pond and half on the ground, arm immersed in the water, staining it red.How he ends up near the boy so fast is a wonder even to him. One moment he’s gaping, the next he’s kneeling next to the boy’s body– a body that still moves, groans resounding out of the boy as he inches forward dreadfully slow. His other hand is wrapped tight around the wound, which is wrapped with a piece of ragged linen drenched red and useless, the wound still profusely bleeding with each movement the boy makes. The soil around him is red mixed with the brown mud and Taehyung–Taehyung can’t breathe, leaning more and turning over the boy, who is still miraculously conscious, eyes fluttering and breaths laboured, sweat beaded around his forehead and hair sticking to it. Conscious enough that he somehow knows Taehyung is there and feebly kicks at Taehyung, turning away.“Why the fuck are you here,” the boy gasps, still moving towards the water, perhaps with the intention to clean the wound– which Taehyung would admit is smart, though it would not have stopped the bleeding. He tries again to pull the boy back, because the way the boy is, he might drop unconscious into the water and drown, but the next kick that comes Taehyung’s way is stronger. “Fucking get away–”The boy musters enough strength to shove himself back, eyes flaming with resentment. But it’s offset by how deathly pale his skin has become; his eyes drooping dangerously low. He’s the epitome of weak that Taehyung has never seen, and he had crashed onto the shorelines with more injuries than this one.For a moment, Taehyung finds himself wanting to admire the sheer resolve haunting the boy’s bones.Taehyung reaches for his arm again, mindful of being kicked– why do you not use me, his magic asks– but he forgoes it, alarm lingering in his throat and hands. When the boy tries again, Taehyung wraps a hand firmly around his wrist, and the boy stills– though the bitterness grows.“Why the fuck are you helping me?” The boy spits, speckles of it flying out and landing on Taehyung, who somehow isn’t slighted. All he can look at is the gash and how the boy is just bleeding, but why does he care– “You hate humans, don’t you?”Taehyung stops at that and looks up from the blood and open flesh to meet the boy’s eyes once again. His lips are curled, skin still pale and dotted with sweat, hair stark and dark against it. His chest heaves as if each word costs him some more. And perhaps with the blood loss, it does.But the question rings loud and clear between them, the trees and the creatures silent with bated breath, awaiting Taehyung’s response. The boy is right. Taehyung hates him, hates their kind and all that they stand for, this is the truth. The only truth, embedded into his skin and his magic.Yet, he has no answer.The boy grows impatient from the lack of one, and he turns away once again for his futile quest, fighting in a way that strings something deep, deep inside, stirs a discomfort he had long buried. It feels so familiar, which is why it’s wrong. Familiar is wrong, familiar means memories and patterns; familiar means making the same mistake.He should leave the boy and return to his abode. It was just one human boy after all. Countless had come before him and countless would come after.Taehyung finds himself uttering a few words, at last, a spell that arrests the movements of the boy, who whips his had around before the effect settles in. He snarls, or hopes to but can barely do anything– Taehyung’s spells are prevailing. He has toiled to create them to near perfection, in a way that most of his species would tremble to see if they met him now.The boy resists still, and Taehyung feels awe– bittersweet and terrifying. How can a human be so ungrateful? How can a human be so obstinate, so impulsive and blind when Taehyung has worked to keep him alive in a way that he hasn’t for most of his captives? Why does he struggle?Taehyung doesn’t have an answer to those questions, either.The boy gives up eventually– he can’t possibly keep up the resistance, his blood loss hardly competent enough to fight such a simple spell.He leaves the boy briefly to briskly get some supplies– his magic isn’t enough to heal major wounds, and anyway, there was always a cost. Prices that Taehyung wanted to avoid. He collects everything methodically, grabs the required potion and walks back to the place he’d left the boy in, where he’s still frozen, mouth sullen and gaze hard. He takes his pail and fills it with water, using it to wash out the wound, the water running pink and leaving the skin clean and an ugly red. The blood flow has reduced significantly but still trickles out, and Taehyung uses a clean linen rag to wipe it away, taking out his healing herbs and packing the wound with it once he’s deemed it clean enough. The boy hisses through clenched teeth as the herbs react, quickly spreading and doing their job.Taehyung cuts some more linen and wraps it tightly around the wound, packing it until he’s sure the blood would drench the cloth and dirt won’t enter the area. Doubt lingers in his throat even as he goes about; it’s almost as if some outside force is making him do this when he could have, should have left the boy to his own devices. He’s just another human after all. And yet.The yet refuses to leave him alone.When he feels satisfied with the dressing, he packs away his kit and unpacks the potion he brought along– a glass beaker sloshing with thick crimson liquid. He uncorks the beaker of bloodbane infusion, bringing it towards the boy– who slaps away Taehyung’s hand.Taehyung raises an eye. The effects of the spell must be weakening, which is a surprise. Perhaps the boy’s resistance was powerful enough, and this makes him uneasy. He tries again, this time holding the boy’s chin forcefully. The boy struggles still, doing his best to lean back from the bottle, suspicion and rage lining his eyes.“I don’t want to drink that fucking shit,” the boy spits out. His body is slowly loosening, fighting the spell that Taehyung had cast. How remarkable. His finger is under the boy’s chin, tight enough to leave indents and they’re so close– the boy is furious, mad as a tantrum-throwing child, and Taehyung doesn’t understand; why won’t the boy remain still? Why does he resist, why does he think he’s better than Taehyung when he was nearly dying a few moments ago?His anger should strike Taehyung deep and hard. Taehyung wasn’t forgiving; he couldn’t be. Not anymore. Yet, he doesn’t take the boy’s rage lightly. It’s different from that feral sailor that had come up on shore and was so revoltingly human. This is a human but it’s not what Taehyung is used to in his captives.Taehyung tips the bottle again and the boy snarls, kicking up mud as he attempts to move backwards. “Stop fucking forcing me to drink whatever the fuck you’re giving, Siren,” the boy throws out, and Taehyung halts.Force.Ah.Taehyung leans back slowly on his haunches, moving away from the boy, who heaves, harsh breaths the only sounds loud enough to break the cacophony of nature around. He holds a hand up, both his hands and raises them to show they’re nowhere near the boy. A sign of defeat. Weak, his magic mocks, vicious and corrosive but Taehyung pays no heed.He knows a thing or two about force, after all.They stare at each other for moments; Taehyung counts each crash of the rolling waves to keep track. Suspicion lines every feature of the boy and a part of Taehyung understands– though he wishes he didn’t. He wishes he wasn’t connected to the boy in any way.Finally, the breaths calm down, slow and steady. The sweat on the boy’s skin has dried up though his skin is still pale; it’s why Taehyung has the potion. The boy inches forward slowly, eyes kept on the bottle and on Taehyung. Taehyung holds himself still, even as his magic screams at him for his compliance.The boy jerks his head towards the bottle. “What’s this supposed to do?”“It will help regenerate your blood. You lost quite the amount,” Taehyung responds quietly, each breath of his own controlled and careful. Slowly, the feral look in the boy’s eyes reduce and he nods tentatively. Taehyung removes a thumb from the opening and tips the boy’s mouth backwards gently (too gently), pouring the liquid slowly. At the first sip, the boy cough violently, nearly spitting out the liquid into the sand next to him. The potion does have a rather acrid taste, unfortunately.“What the fuck is in this?” He hacks out, still spitting to get rid of the taste.“I’m not quite so sure myself,” Taehyung says. The boy glares, and he finds himself smiling ruefully. “It was made a long time ago. Hopefully, nothing too bad went into this.”“Well, it tastes like shit.”Taehyung snorts. “Oh, trust me. You don’t want to taste the ones that actually do.” He gestures towards the bottle, patience running thin. “Now hurry up and drink it. You didn’t swallow the right amount. Don’t spit it out this time.”The boy glares some more before he nods, and Taehyung tips the bottle again, watching the expressions flickers across the boy’s face as he swallows it down. His nose wrinkles, his entire face scrunching into disgust and discomfort, and Taehyung nearly laughs. The boy shudders head to toe, eyes closed as he breathes down the inevitable gag the potion induces.“Gods, that was horrid,” he mutters, sitting up now as the energy begins to return instantly. The boy frowns, opening and closing his hands and staring at his forearm. “Huh. That’s really strange.”Against his better judgement, Taehyung feels inclined to ask. “What does?”“I can…I can feel my wound healing?” The boy questions, tilting his head. It colours the boyishness stronger, and Taehyung looks away. Familiar was wrong. Familiar was a pattern. Familiar was mistakes. Instead, Taehyung shrugs.“The potion works fast.”The boy only nods, impressed though he still looks at Taehyung with the same resentment and suspicion. Somethings humans will never change, he deduces.They stay even though they’re not really supposed to; Taehyung has done what his instinct told him to and the boy is healing. But he remains rooted, soil wetting his knees and the water glittering behind from the patches of sunlight making through the canopy above. It reminds him– it reminds him of a different time, a different place, and a different–Taehyung gnashes his teeth hard, refusing. He locks his mind, allows his magic to infiltrate and wrap a shield for a moment. For he will break if he thinks even a moment longer.The boy strokes his arm absentmindedly, still staring at it before he looks up. There’s a confusion present now with the anger as if the boy doesn’t quite know what to make of his own emotions.“Why?” He croaks lowly. His voice is raw and rough. Taehyung knows how clear the boy’s voice can be, given the songs he sings. Songs he had allowed himself to relish but never show how much.“Hmm?”“Why did you heal me?”An ache echoes along his bones. An answer trashes in his mind but Taehyung shuts it off, just as he blocks everything out. He doesn’t know. He could have let him bleed. He should have let him bleed. He should have let the boy go long, long ago, should have made him one of his pigs or gifted him to his sirens but he couldn’t, and he hates it, hates this weakness for a human.“I don’t know.”It feels wrong and strange. It terrifies him. The ache grows, winding like a vine around him. For a moment, it almost feels like it’s with…no, not again.He won’t allow it.
  Familiar is wrong. Familiar is patterns. Familiar is mistakes in the making. 
He gets up abruptly, fast enough that the boy falls backwards into the soil, groaning at the wet contact. Taehyung brushes off his robes, hopes he looks casual and unaffected even though his magic thrums too heavy. His entire body does, the ache lingering and petrifying.The boy just blinks up at him balefully but Taehyung pretends that he doesn’t see– or care. Which he doesn’t– there’s nothing to pretend about it. He looks down at him, matching the glare he receives with one of his own and stands tall. He needs this.“Don’t go around doing things without my permission again.”Taehyung walks away, leaving the boy behind in the sand– a new rhythm that is driven into his old one. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
     |Nine|

   
For a moment afterwards, Jeongguk lingers, confused and burnt out and exhausted. And angry. So, so angry, but different, like the still-burning embers of burnt coal. The ring of a hammer after it hits a nail hard.The wound glows purple around the edges of the bandage, the colour fading and carrying a soft scent of lavender and sage. Jeongguk keeps staring at it, willing it to go down as the sun drags itself across the sky and into the dark night, but the colour remains.A remnant of magic. A reminder of how close he got to dying once more, and how Taehyung saved him, again. He grits his teeth at the reminder, pain carving a path down his jaw and neck until it persists all over. He’s in the mud, his clothes stained and wet with how desperately he had tried to wash out the cut with the water from the pond, how blank his mind had been while the only thing his mind could think of was survive, you must survive, you must leave, you cannot bleed out, and how the hope seemed to run out just as fast as the blood had been.And now he’s here, wet and filthy with a cut that had nearly taken away his life, healed within moments. What would have taken weeks, perhaps days if there was a skilled human healer, took mere moments and all that lingered was this purple stain.Jeongguk feels right to be angered by the absurd simplicity of it all, and how complexly embroiled he is in it.He would never stop owing the Siren, would he?The futility of the realisation is crashing, and he finds himself laying down, or rather, falling backwards, head cushioned by the soft mud and the scent of rotting green around him, the cool of the water further back. He feels more spots on his clothes slowly drench themselves from the mud, but he’s beyond caring. Jeongguk’s been beyond caring for a while now, and a near-death experience is not enough anymore to make him grateful. No, it’s only just enough to make him feel exhausted.He rubs the heel of his palm into his eyes, wincing at the shift in the still healing cut underneath. Gods, he is so tired.Weary of living as he was, trudging day in and day out with naïve hope and boyish determination. Of walking eggshells around Taehyung, of wanting to know him and find out, of the never-ending torment of his mind to keep leaving, keeping looking for a way out; he is drained. He wishes the ground would just swallow him up, perhaps take him back into its embrace and he would never have to repeat a day in this dreadful place again.He had been doing well, hadn’t he? He had broken out of the monotony, the hopelessness; he had an idea and a goal. But things were never that simple, and Jeongguk was only human. In this lonely place of inhuman creatures, he was the only one alive. Of course, he fell prey to his emotions.He had a system, an acceptance of what odds he was facing and more importantly, who he was facing: a siren, beautiful but deadly, known to wreck and kill sailors and travellers alike, even cruelly turn them into livestock for his own pleasure. Jeongguk had eaten said livestock and couldn’t even refuse or he would starve, and guilt bubbled with hunger with each bite he took. Each moment he stayed, each turn of the sun and wake of the moon.But curse his curiosity, he had to be intrigued by the creature. Something haunted Taehyung’s eyes and his form even as he gracefully reigned terror all around, and Jeongguk couldn’t help but want to know more.There was an argument somewhere in there, about how dangerous it all was. Jeongguk didn’t have to be that curious, but of course, he was, just like with everything else in his life. Jeongguk’s mind may have had the decency of logic, but his body loved the thrill of danger, to explore and know more, to push and prod until he found out. Usually, he would drop the shiny fancy of his eyes after he found out, and Jeongguk had been hoping that was what would happen with Taehyung- the Siren of the Sea. Find out what made him click, what made him shipwreck; figure out how he did what he did and last but not the least, how he was to leave this island in one piece and never come back.Jeongguk, however, isn’t the kind who ruthlessly follows through on his goals- he is persistent, nearly to a terrifyingly stubborn level, something everyone he was close to criticised all the time- but he also took his time. And he thinks he paid the price for it, as he stares at the wound some more, the sharp tingle of magic working on and underneath his skin, uncomfortable and feverishly warm. He’s so tired of these- these games, all this thinking, and gods, he can’t help it. The helplessness is what pinches the most. His curiosity is there, cursed and unnecessary, but did it really have to be coloured with no control?Perhaps people back at Sunsong were right; Jeongguk was naïve. Not in the way he understood it but in the affairs of the world, because as he lays on the ground and lets the crickets lull him to near sleep, all he can think about is how taken he had been by the Siren. Not by its beauty or lust but just- as a thing. Person. Whatever creature of magic it was, he didn’t know and didn’t really want to know except that was a lie.He’d just thought- well. The skirmishes and arguments were one thing, but the gradual descent into helping out, to eating dinner together, to learning more about the island or signing with him- meant a grudging camaraderie had been forming. He knows it was unwise to think so- foolish, something he would have surely mocked if he had been observing rather than living through- but he had fallen prey to the thought. Perhaps a wish. After all, he didn’t know how long he’d been here, how long had it been since Sunsong. The island was lone.Jeongguk had hoped naively, he knows this now. Hope was enticing and a curse of its own, but all-pervading and nearly pervasive in the way it persists. There was no point, no direction that pointed him towards wanting to know the Siren under its garb. Not when it was so…mistrustful, without explanation. Jeongguk didn’t care about its history- but being shot backwards into the sand in the middle of a cold night was enough. He didn’t need anything, just a concrete plan to get the hell out of here.He can’t believe himself and his naiveness for wanting to even find this creature when it’s so insufferable and miserable, even if it’s inhumanly beautiful and has a lovely, haunting voice and sings songs so lovely, but no- that was what it was. Magic, a façade, and a shimmery veil where nothing was real. He needed to leave before this island drove him mad with its illusionary safety.He dozes off with resolution swimming in his veins- now that the blood is gone. He thinks he laughs in his sleep; he’s not sure- he’s not sure of anything. He doesn’t know why he did what he did, what pushed him to be so reckless when really, he should have been as healthy as possible for his plan to work out. How was he to leave if he went around cutting himself and needing Taehyung’s magic to simply survive?When Jeongguk wakes next, it’s fully night- he can feel the chill of it in his bones, the mud underneath his back uncomfortably cold, no doubt set into the creases of his linen. The crickets are set at a low buzz; the tree canopy sways above him, a strange rustle all around. The island is sentient. It’s alive in a way Jeongguk can’t comprehend, having seen the way Taehyung talks to them, soft brushes and whispers under his breath in a language he has never heard.He doesn’t feel as exhausted- though sleep lingers. His arm doesn’t throb, and when he looks at the bandages, the purple is no more. It’s a regular bandage, spots of rust-red around the centre where some blood must have leaked, but crusty and dull. It still sends a sharp twinge each time he stretches it beyond its limit, so Jeongguk knows it will take some more time- even with the magic and the potion.He wants to get up, should get up if he wishes not to freeze- but finds that he can’t. Instead, he keeps thinking on why he reacted the way he did. He knows to some extent that the boredom of the place might have gotten to him, but his gut knows it was Taehyung breaking his illusion that broke him out. Jeongguk had never even thought the pigs were controlled to be that docile, or he wouldn’t have gone ballistic with a knife. He had been so angry- it tasted different on his tongue, raw and petty, infuriated by this creature and his games- and he’d set off like a mad man. He had learnt his lesson, however, and the cold now is punishment enough.Maybe it was just that- an illusion breaking apart, and cold reality crashing around him as the waves on the shoreline.Jeongguk clenches his teeth tight, the shivers setting in the more the breeze blows by and still, he stays. Stays, for all he can think about is what happened, the way it did and the consequences of it all. The loudest consequence being Taehyung helping him- with none of his cruel flair. Jeongguk’s not sure if he should think along the lines, but the haunting look that had taken over Taehyung’s features was frozen behind his eyelids. He knows he shouldn’t care or obsess over it- there wasn’t any reason to. His curiosity had only led him to pain and then some more, so retreating was the ideal option- the smarter one. And yet.He bites his lip hard, the pain forcing him to wake up- to stop with the fantasising, the wondering about a creature he didn’t give a horse’s shit about; all this was nothing but a distraction- and the more Jeongguk played into it, the more he would linger around unaware and adrift with nowhere to go and no way back. No, what he should do is figure out what made the Siren weak or more sensibly, distracted it long enough to figure out the chink in the island’s armour. Whatever was going on in Taehyung’s head was none of his concern, and he shouldn’t even be troubled in the first place. That path was senseless and useless, and it would serve in Jeongguk’s best interest to lock it and throw the key away. || The following morning, he wakes with mud-caked dry onto his clothes and his body, the bandage a stark white against the tan of his skin, too clean even. His head throbs around the edges, and when he sits up he nearly falls back, the surroundings spinning. His mouth tastes like the bitter salt of blood and mud, too dry to even swallow.Jeongguk dry heaves onto his side once the dizziness passes by. He closes his eyes tight, blinking away the spots and has a sinking realisation soon after of how thirsty and famished he is.Maybe the Siren’s kindness would continue and the gods’ grace would keep shining upon him.Despite the potion- which had tasted absolutely gods awful, still lingering in the crevices of his mouth- he feels weak. Nothing like the first few days he had been shipwrecked; Jeongguk is able to get up after a few tries and walk relatively well, though fatigue has a tight grip around his muscles with each step and movement. He enters the shallow end of the lake, scrubbing his face roughly enough to remove the collected dirt, oil and sweat, and feel better, even if his only pair of linens are ruined once more. He has no faith that Taehyung would feel benevolent enough to lend him another pair, nor does he want any more favours. The faster he cut himself off from the Siren and his game of dependence, the better.However, once he dries himself in the sun and feels much too exhausted to just sit around, he cautiously makes his way towards the front of the cottage, wincing at the dried rust-red trail of blood on the ground. He hadn’t thought he’d bled that much but well- slicing one of the main vein would do that. He admonishes himself once more, clicking his tongue at his carelessness, his anger-fuelled stupidity. He should have been shrewder, kept his emotions in check and not let the Siren get to him again, but Jeongguk was a child, and he had proved the people back home of that alright, even if they weren’t there to see it. He thanks the gods that they aren’t; he couldn’t possibly bear their smugness or their pity.The front is empty, even though it’s past midday sun. There is no sign of the island’s master, no sign of a busy day as he had been used to. It’s clean; the horrid pigs are locked in their sty and whimper at the sight of Jeongguk, almost as if they know their mad scamper was the reason he nearly lost his life. Or as if whatever magic Taehyung used to control them warned them of consequences if they went near Jeongguk again.Jeongguk looks away, guilt filling where blood should. He didn’t want to look at their eyes, the humanness of them and how both fear and anger mixed like thick oil in them. Instead, he makes his way towards the entrance of the cottage and then stops short. The patio is neat and empty; the door shut tight. It’s clear that Taehyung hasn’t come out, and for a moment Jeongguk wonders why- but then stamps it down. Concern was what brought him here. He needed it locked away.He turns and makes his way towards the stone table, welcoming the relief of sitting on cool stone, the firmness of it soothing his aching skull. He knows he’s to eat and drink if he’s to get rid of the slow pain, but his pride makes him stick. Jeongguk’s pride is in tandem with his stubbornness, one of his many curses. How humiliating it would be, to make promises to rely on himself only to crawl towards the enemy and beg once again? His pride hisses at the very thought, but his stomach growls right back. He blinks some more, eyes staying shut longer as the nausea returns- he has to eat if he wants his blood to form. His pride could fuck off, just like his curiosity was supposed to.He gulps down, as much as he can, and prepares for his walk of shame. Only when he reaches the door to knock, he finds the patio is no longer empty- at the foot of the doorstep is a covered bowl, a pitcher of water and a fresh set of plain white linens, though the door is still shut.A knot forms in Jeongguk’s throat, his eyes scratching with a foreign feeling- foreign because he’s not to feel it here, of all places. He knows it’s his tired mind making up stories to feel a little better, a little less lonely even, but seeing the items in front reminds him of Yoongi and Seokjin, even Jimin when Jeongguk would stay at his house for days and have Jimin tend to him rather than ask him questions. And he knows Taehyung, the Siren, whatever- is nowhere close to those gems of his life, but for a moment-For a moment, Jeongguk allows himself to bask in the feeling anyway, even as he gathers the items gingerly and walks out, a lump in his throat and heaviness in his heart. || He chooses to rebel.Or whatever is considered rebelling in the dynamics between a creature of magic and a hapless human trapped on a lone island, Jeongguk doesn’t really care.It takes him a couple of days to recover from the blood loss- despite the meal and the drink, which had regularly appeared at the same spot without a mention of the one providing it- the potion lingered, fading away as it worked its way through his body. It was fascinating, in a way, to feel the magic doing its work, as he woke up healthier and stronger each day and the bitter taste would reduce a bit more. On the third day, he’d even taken a risk and unravelled the bandage, only to meet smooth, unmarked skin- maybe a little pale and pink, but unmarred nevertheless. For the umpteenth time, he marvelled over the magic, even as his mind rebelled against acknowledging it- he could even hear Jimin scoffing at it, turning away while pressing his lips furiously. I could do the same with the right tools, Jeonggukie, Jimin would have whined. In such moments, Jeongguk finds himself smiling even as the ache of missing his friend bursts through his chest, harsh enough that tears spring to his eyes. Gods, he had promised Jimin he would be back; how long had it been anyway? Did Jimin still hold out hope for Jeongguk’s return?Should he hold out hope at all?Jeongguk would shake his head rather than accept the thought. He couldn’t give up. There were people who were waiting for him, hoping for him to be alive. He had to get out of here.And so, he decided to explore the island, this time with clear intent.Before, he had explored, but with a need to quench his curiosity. Playful, like a child only five name days old, uncaring of the world. While that was a pretty headspace to be in, it wasn’t one that Jeongguk could afford to indulge in. He has to act like his age and keep at it, rather than wander off the path.If he were to get out of the place, he would first need a ship.This is where the decision to rebel comes forth; Jeongguk simply does not seek out Taehyung. He wasn’t earlier as well, but a part of him had fallen prey to the habit of it, the comfort of a routine where he was pushed around by Taehyung as he pleased. But no more. Even though a part of him wanted to wade in through the murky waters of the Siren’s nature, he chooses to go against the pull of it. It must have been some magic at work, a trick set by the creature no doubt to veer him off his goals, and Jeongguk would not allow that.When he’s strong enough, he begins by exploring the woods surrounding the cottage, thick and dense with broad trees so tall they disappear somewhere into the sky, the sign of their tops the shade their canopies provide. Roots hang from some of their branches, some grown nearly into the soil around, gnarly and knotted, a clear sign of how long they’d been in the place. Briefly, Jeongguk wonders about the age of the trees, even the island, which leads him to wonder about how old the Siren could be…and no, he couldn’t go down that path again. The trees. He was the focus on the trees.He approaches them with respect, recalling how Taehyung said they were alive and talked as if they had feelings. Jeongguk remembers how they’d curled towards him, or how they’d embraced his tears. He doesn’t understand them, can’t even hear them- but he knows they are sentient, that they see him and are aware of him, and he needs to work with that.He thinks it’s his mind playing tricks on him, but when he tentatively touches the rough bark of one of the trees nearby, he can feel it shudder faintly under his palm, and he pulls back fast, though nothing had really changed. He inhales deeply, eyes closed and allowing himself to get acquainted with the knowledge that everything here is alive and he should get used to it sooner rather than later.Jeongguk runs his hands over several trees after, assessing the quality of the wood- excellent, of course, everything on this island was too perfect- and marks the ones suitable for chopping.“I’m sorry,” he says to one, thick and marked with age, white sap leaking out of some of its cuts and mixing with the reddish undertone of the bark beneath. He can tell just by looking how difficult it would be to get a cut in, let alone bring it down- but it is one of the younger trees still, shorter than its counterparts yet more than enough to make something of it. “I know you- you can feel this. And I hope you understand what I’m doing.” He presses his lips, stupidity colouring his voice of reason. “Why I have to do this.”There is no visible sign of response, only a heavier leaking of the sap, which could be a trick of the light but. Well.He walks away with a heavy heart after.Jeongguk consumes his meals, scouring the island for anything and everything; in his head, he runs an inventory of things he would need to begin chopping. He’s missing key tools, most vital being an axe, but he recalls what Yoongi taught him about making makeshift ones that should get the job done. Yoongi had hoped Jeongguk wouldn’t ever face that possibility, and it had been a while- but here Jeongguk was, grateful once more for the elder’s foresight and pragmatic thought; had Yoongi thought Jeongguk would find himself in such a crossroad of life?His head answers no, but his gut grumbles yes.He sets to looking for fallen branches, of which he discovers plenty, littered as they are in the density of foliage. He finds one sturdy and green enough to hold against force and gets to skimming off its extra layers with a thin rock, splicing where necessary and giving it a shape and grip he can adjust to. It takes a while, but determination tumbles strong inside until his palms are scraped and raw, and his fingers hurt with how tight he had been gripping the rock all along, now reduced with each moment of friction. Splinters of wood and chips of stone have found their way into his cuts and under his fingernails, but Jeongguk pushes on, washing them off and hoping the salt of the sea would do its healing.All throughout, Taehyung never appears and Jeongguk nearly forgets he is not alone.Once the handle is ready, steady and just firm but light enough to hold comfortably for a long time and swing back without his shoulder protesting, he sets to find the main part- the tool for the axe. Yoongi had shown him the kind of rock best suited for such tools, and it takes Jeongguk an entire day to find the perfect one: a thick, grey slab with sharp edges, no flaws, cracks or pores on it, just big enough to be shaped into an axe-head. He then wades into the lake nearby for river pebbles to hammer the slab into the shape, about the size of what he would like his axe to be. The one he finds is slimy to touch, a thin film of moss covering its otherwise smooth surface, so Jeongguk takes it out and leaves in the hot sun to dry.The process is already exhausting, but at least he’s doing something. Jeongguk’s spent so long languishing here, nowhere to go and no goal to hold on to that would wake him from the rut he had driven himself into. As he forages for a cord that would tie the axe-head to the handle, he contemplates the goals he had started with and what he had ended on. He had wanted to vanquish the Siren- a wild boy’s dream, naïve and foolish and impossible, at least, from his human hands. Granted, he hadn’t known that the Siren was a creature of magic, but everything that had led him here had been rife with it, and yet he plundered on.As he cuts a thick vine from a branch and wraps it around his hand, he ponders- nearly everything. The tale of the Siren itself had been so mystical, and he took up the challenge anyway. Angye had been a magical land and the way to the Siren was only possible because of a charm-infused compass, and he had still carried on. And when he had reached or rather, shipwrecked himself here, he had thought of attacking the creature.There was no denying it; Jeongguk wasn’t the smartest at this point. How long could he blame his impulsivity and his stubbornness without learning from it? How long could he whine and grumble about his circumstances, his failed promises and expect the universe to yield its hand?The thoughts aren’t easy to face, but they occupy him well enough to make the mind-numbing activity of hammering the slab down a bit better.He should give up on the goal he had; getting rid of the threat the Siren posed would be madness, with all that he had learnt. He couldn’t even gut pigs without Taehyung’s assistance; how was he supposed to defeat a creature of magic? Something he hadn’t even believed in until he had ended up in Angye and then faced the Siren himself, and was somehow miraculously alive but only because he had some reason left to keep himself small and some part of Taehyung saw mercy in keeping him alive. Taehyung knew where he was and how he was; he could sniff out Jeongguk in a moment’s notice and slice him just as easily as he sliced his pigs.But the temptation subsists. It brews in the burrows of Jeongguk’s mind, growing and retreating with each precise hammer. He knows his goal has changed; now, he just wants to leave…but if he’s already looking for ways to get past the Siren’s walls, maybe Jeongguk could kill two birds with one stone.Should he even consider it, however? Isn’t his safety and safe return far more important now than being responsible for the sea routes as he had so boldly promised? He’d been a rash, naïve boy when he set out for the quest with his lofty dreams; surely he wouldn’t be judged or mocked for choosing himself. Surely, there were better things.Wasn’t simply returning and escaping the Siren at the Sea good enough? || Fatigue lines his bones, ready for him to sink into the ground when the axe is at last done. It isn’t the prettiest thing he’s ever made- he was good at craftwork, his teachers had been ecstatic with his nimble fingers back at the Academy- but it cuts through wood, and it’s enough. That’s all he needs for now: for things to be simply enough. He can’t count how many days it took to make the head of the axe; all he knows is that many suns and moons passed before anything satisfactory could come out of it. It was tragically mind-numbing- he had taken for granted the power of having Yoongi and Seokjin’s banter accompanying him at the time.The entire thing- the hammering, the whetting, sharpening of the edge of the axe and securing it onto the handle- is long enough to make him want to give up due to the sheer effort of creating a tool from scratch. Gods, Jeongguk had taken everything for granted back at Sunsong. He had prayed to the gods fervently, thanking them for emboldening intelligence in his meek human race to create such tools, to make them easier with iron and metal ore. He thanked Yoongi profusely in his head once more for going out of his way to teach it to Jeongguk despite Jeongguk’s brat-like reservations towards the whole thing. What is the point of this Yoongi, he had whined. If Jeongguk could travel to the past, he would whack the stone head across his younger self. For his stupid thinking that led him here, but mainly for whining like a child.He was so tired he wanted to close his eyes and never wake up. Not death, but something akin to it. Perpetual sleep, perhaps, the kind he could choose to wake up from when he felt prepared enough.  There was the odd burn in his muscles that came from exercise, the kind he loved generally but not right now. The proof of his work lay all in his hands.Raw, red and a mess of cuts, filled with dirt and smelling like the green of the vine and the green-wood handle. It hurt to curve his knuckles even slightly, joints protesting at any movement he dare make. His neck and back were even sorer, curved as they had been for hours, flitting away at the rock, craned at angles that he didn’t think his body could make.Everything hurt. His existence is agony.Jeongguk falls asleep, waking much later when the sun has dipped into the ocean and the moon makes its way, the illumination of the stars visible in the open space amongst the canopy. Living still hurts, but at least it’s not the dizzying heat of daytime he’s come to abhor. For a lad who lived near the coast all his life, heat and humidity should have barely made him blink and yet here he fucking was. Questioning everything he had ever known in his short life.Maybe when he left, he would make a detour to Munwang first and indulge in its barren coldness, take it in to last the rest of his life before fucking off to Sinwang and by default, Sunsong.It’s with great difficulty he gets up and drags himself to the front of the cottage, his axe trailing behind on the sand even as his back and shoulders protest. He places it near the table, keeping it in his line of sight. Not that anyone was there to steal it, but Jeongguk would rather give up his life than have anything happen to the tool. He knows he’s probably hallucinating such a dramatic internal battle, but he was drained, lacked proper food and water (which he found in its usual spot, gods bless the Siren) and just wanted to rest awhile (or more) before he proceeded.He eats like a man starved. He is, perhaps, but he shovels the food in, still hot and fresh as if he would never get the meal again. He drinks as his body will never feel the cold slush of it going down his throat. He goes to sleep in the alcove with his axe nearby and giggles to himself about his paranoia, his fear. This island had fucked with his mind in such a short amount of time, hadn’t it?When he wakes again, the sun is closer to midday than he would have liked. Jeongguk does have all the time in the world, but he doesn’t want to waste a moment here longer than necessary. His muscles groan in protest once more even as he rolls them around and side to side, wincing as the ache travels all over. He would need more rest before he can even think of taking up chopping down wood; that had been another task that Yoongi had insisted on, and worse, Seokjin had been assigned to overlook it for him. Never again did Jeongguk want the generally mild-mannered man to ever overlook anything Jeongguk did outside of the kitchen. The memory itself is enough to raise bumps on his skin.As he breathes into the morning, the salty tang of the sea in his nose, he sees he is not alone- there on the patio is the man himself, is Taehyung in his dark robes, arms crossed but doing nothing. He isn’t even looking in Jeongguk’s general direction, lost and pensive in his thoughts, it seems. Jeongguk cracks a knuckle then, just to see if the man can hear and Taehyung does move. His face shows nothing, no anger or expectation for Jeongguk, and none of the haunting sadness either. He just gazes at Jeongguk, then looks down at his hands and presses his lips.Then he turns away and disappears from sight once again.  Jeongguk can’t keep count, but the sun makes three turns before he feels ready and able enough to carry his axe and begin his task without his muscles resisting.He had used another rock to make marks on the tree he had chosen; he knew using a stone axe was inevitably different and far more dangerous than a metal one. Yoongi had warned him and shown him how, and vague images of the instructions pop into his head as he assesses the tree in front, head tilted to figure out the angle he should begin with.The stone head is not as sharp as a metal one would be, though Jeongguk’s done his best to whet it into a sharpness good enough to cut deep. He’s tied it tight, the cord wrapped thrice around, the stone wedged into the split he had made into the handle. When he lifts it, the pressure is bearable save the fading ache of his exertion past. With time, the effort would be more noticeable in his body but- he does have the time, so to say.He asks the tree permission once more, and its leaves shudder, whether in fear or understanding, he can’t tell. It doesn’t do anything like swing its branches to whack him into the lake, so clearly it’s not angry but Jeongguk is no longer sure.His heart does ache when he makes the first cut, however, and it leaks fresh sap. Guilt burns his insides; shame wraps a heavy fist around his throat. His eyes water and he blinks away the tears because he can’t afford to lose focus now. He had to do this. He would absolve of the guilt for the rest of his life, but he had to do this.He hears a wail of pain and presses his lips tight, hoping against hope that he’s only imagining things and they’re not actually happening; he keeps making steady chops, averting his eyes from the deep red, almost as if there were flesh underneath. A brief horrific thought does wander; was he cutting a tree that had been a human once? He swallows down nausea and convinces himself he’s being too paranoid. He had seen Taehyung with his plants and herbs; he wouldn’t turn vile humans into the things he loved. He wouldn’t.Where the certainty over his character came from, Jeongguk has no idea. He banishes the thought with the next strike, mind focused on the next numbing activity he has picked up.The imagined yells don’t reduce. Each strike brings a fresh wail and Jeongguk furrows his brows, concentrating on maintaining his pace. If he shows any reaction, the axe could slip from his hand and cause more harm than good. His unharmed body is all he has going for him now and he has to maintain it.But the screams pierce and it hurts, his hands faltering in their pace. The next force is much too forceful to be correct and Jeongguk wides his eyes, knowing he would slip back if the stone remained stuck when-When a melody sounds, unfamiliar yet soothing and the world stills around him. His own hands stop at the handle, slippery with sweat and stained with red. Air rushes into his lung next, his rising panic at bay as the words follow the tune, strange in their texture but lulling all the same.Jeongguk breathes, shoulders shaking even as the song settles into him, into the foliage around him. It’s as if the island itself is holding its breath and letting it out ever so slowly, the imagined cries vanish and the bark of the tree shudders, leaves fluttering to the ground beneath him.He can feel his presence behind, but Jeongguk doesn’t dare turn around to confirm. The voice is deep and tinged with sorrow, a hopeful kind. It’s steady even as the song carries on and the trees rapt with attention. When Jeongguk removes the axe, it comes off easily, a deep cut made into the side of the bark where he’d repeatedly been striking, the first sign of his consistent effort.He doesn’t dare turn to see the Siren, to see him form the words and look at how he feels; he can hear the haunting undertone in the song itself. Jeongguk hates the song, though he’s never heard- not because it’s bad, but because it’s good enough to make him want to weep. To mourn loss itself, the loss of everything until now, loss of Sunsong or his dreams, his naivety and his childhood. He’s supposed to go back and he shouldn’t entertain those thoughts and yet…He thinks of Sunsong. It’s so easy to do so, to remember the docks and the days of trade, the packed port and how he would wait eagerly for sailors and travellers, to see the produce of other lands he had only ever read about. To run after the sailors and pester them, to be shooed away and run back dejected to Yoongi and Seokjin, whining about huffy sailors too high on their horses. The song hardly makes sense- it is gibberish, but it strikes a chord right down to Jeongguk’s bones.His eyes well up. Jeongguk has to grit his teeth to stop the flow, to resume his task, even as the song fades away into the background and the tree no longer cries in pain. He knows in the back of his head that the song was a farewell song for the tree, a tribute, that Taehyung had been kind enough to sing something that allowed the tree to fade at last.Jeongguk can’t acknowledge that the world isn’t that black and white yet.  An uncomfortable, needling thought hits when Jeongguk is halfway through the process of bringing the tree down. The tree trunk is cut nearly by half when Jeongguk whets the edge of the stone next, blunt with the force of the strikes. It is a needed break, but one that has his mind wandering- and not in the best of ways.Jeongguk chops for days on end. He would have reduced the time taken if he had the right tool but he’s not complaining, or rather, can’t complain. He has the tool at the very least and he is grateful.But he’s also frustrated. His patience is running thin which is horrid because patience is exactly what he needs to develop, or else he would make foolish mistakes as he had been ever since he left Sunsong.The more he chops, the more he contemplates his goals, his dreams. He wants to go back to Sunsong desperately. He didn’t even think he could miss his drab but safe town. Who could blame him, though? Not one sailor had made it to the Siren and lived to tell the tale, and here Jeongguk was, living but no way to tell the tale. Not sure how to, either. Not sure if he wanted to, because gods forbid if he ever spoke a word of his time here once he escaped.Every time he thinks of doing away with the Siren, finding a way to get rid of it, he comes up short for several reasons, mainly that the Siren is a creature of magic and Jeongguk is stupid for still being hung up on the wish. But more than that, it’s the instance from a few days ago that halts him in his thoughts, that makes guilt tie a knot in his stomach. The cries of the tree have long gone, and Jeongguk knows it’s dead. Or on its way to being; no sap leaks when he makes newer cuts and it has a yellow tinge around it. Whatever Taehyung sang had a tremendous effect, enough to kill a tree with his voice.It should terrify Jeongguk, truly, but an inkling had him backtracking; Jeongguk didn’t know how magic worked. He can’t really say if Taehyung’s song killed a living being or if his connection with the nature around him aided in the last farewell. It was an oddly kind thing to do, to ease the pain that Jeongguk was cruelly causing for his own selfish needs, which made him nauseous with guilt.And that’s when the thought hits, the doubt: does Jeongguk want to avoid killing Taehyung because of how sorrowful he looks from time to time, keeping Jeongguk’s curiosity wanting to know more? Is it because he knows that apart from the magic, Taehyung looks and feels like a human, never mind the vengefulness and the cruelty at the start and the fact that he lets Jeongguk be now?Confusion mixes with shame and residual anger. He resumes whetting the rock pushing away the thought and the subsequent discomfort of it.He thinks of Jimin instead. His mother, even his father or his brother. Of their fishing trade and his mother’s kind nature, how worried she must be, how devastated Jimin must be not to have any word on him. Jeongguk has no way of knowing or getting a message across that he was alive and well. Would the people of Sunsong be thinking of him at all? Would they wonder about the brash boy with loud dreams and anger in his veins?Maybe Jeongguk isn’t that integral to life at Sunsong, but he makes a mark in the lives of people beloved to him and that makes him work harder so he can get back to them. So they can see him and be at peace.Sometimes, he can feel Taehyung’s presence lingering in his periphery. Jeongguk still makes his way towards the front of the cottage for his food and water; he hasn’t killed a pig and hasn’t been summoned by the other. It prickles at him, the utter lack of disinterest where once Taehyung had lived to make his stay a living hell; now his cuts remain unattended and he hasn’t interacted with the other in days. The food always appears and there are linen replacements every few visits, enough that now Jeongguk has a collection that he tends to and keeps clean, packing some away for his journey soon. And isn’t this what he wanted? For the Siren to leave him alone to his devices, to have his sustenance ready and to feel human even if he were a prisoner?Why did the indifference bother him so, then?Well, since you don’t quite know when he’ll strike next, his mind offers, and Jeongguk mulls over it, liking the plausibility of it even as he hammers away. Perhaps this was one of Taehyung’s games, to lull him into a false sense of security again and then snatch it away while he was unaware and have him drop all the way back to square one. He certainly had a penchant for Jeongguk’s misery and helplessness, his utterly amusing humanness.And yet, Jeongguk couldn’t accept it. Nothing had happened since the time Taehyung had tended to his wound, now just a white scar against the tan of his forearm, a stark reminder of the fragile thread of his life and how gingerly Taehyung had held it in his palms before handing it over to Jeongguk rather than dangling it in front of him. How Taehyung had stopped forcing the magic on him and held his hands up, explaining the potion and just being…sweet, Jeongguk supposes, even if the description makes his tongue bitter. But he can’t really deny it, can he? Whether the act was a game or something kind, it was sweet. And Jeongguk had enjoyed it.Of course, Taehyung had then looked scared, haunted as if he himself couldn’t believe what he had done, and then promptly rushed back into the hole of a cottage.But now Taehyung was lingering from time to time and it was infuriating, to see a black smudge at the corners of his eyes and keep looking at the tree or his axe or the ground beneath, to act as if it was just him alone.A part of him was horrified that he just wanted Taehyung to stop hiding and say what he wanted to. Because of course, Jeongguk didn’t want to hear his voice. He wasn’t insane. He clicks against his own teeth and turns away, marking the tree once more before resuming.Taehyung could linger all he wants. Jeongguk just hoped the lingering wouldn’t get in his way. || He’s collapsed heavily against the cool ground beneath, the air still assimilating to the rushed state of his lungs when metal strikes the ground next to him, dangerously close to his face if not for the fact that it hit the soil with extreme precision.Jeongguk blinks his eyes furiously, heart racing against the suddenness of it all and turns after a few moments to examine what the fuck it was, only to find a new, metal axe with a polished wood handle deep into the soil besides.“What the flying fuck,” he mutters, as he sits up, knee dragged up and supporting his elbow even as he examines the new object suspiciously. It’s a beautiful blade, its edge wicked silver and gleaming in the sunlight filtering in through the canopy, sharp enough to cut him if he looked long enough. The wood is finely polished, a thing of beauty and not the green mess of his rudimentary one which now, as he compares the two, looks absolutely pathetic. A child’s handiwork where this lovely thing resides on its throne.Maybe Jeongguk is too delirious if he’s wanting to compose sonnets for a fucking axe, of all things.But when he looks at the pathetic state of the tree and how haggard its trunk is, he can’t really blame himself for wanting to sing a song of love for a new tool that would objectively make his task much, much easier. Which leads him to wonder where it appeared from, a thing of civilisation in this dense nowhere.Sure enough, the Siren stands a couple of steps away near his tree, robes dark and lined with purple, face shadowed by the thick hood of it. How it managed to bear the heat of the island was beyond Jeongguk’s knowledge.Taehyung isn’t looking at him, however, instead peering at the tree before reaching a hand out of his robe and running a hand gently over its surface. Jeongguk looks away then, unable to bear the tenderness of the act and the brief flash of sorrow Taehyung displays before he schools his feature into the careful blank that Jeongguk suspects hide a lot more than he would ever be privy to.Not that he should want to be aware of anything regarding the other.Taehyung looks around him. Looks at the chips of wood, the jagged edges of his stone head from where the pieces chipped off, the rough state of the simple handle he had carved. Jeongguk stays his ground, barely breathing as Taehyung assesses his pathetic human attempts to do something that Taehyung would no doubt accomplish with a simple snap of his fingers. His gaze catches onto Jeongguk’s hand and briefly, his lips press in momentary displeasure as if he dislikes injuries on Jeongguk. Or maybe he’s annoyed that Jeongguk can’t help but get injured in some way or the other. A reminder of his fallible human self.The scene, quite frankly, is a disastrous mess. It looks like a child had a tantrum and destroyed everything in its path; it certainly does not look like a determined, well into his adulthood human trying desperately to go back home. Shame threatens to burn on Jeongguk’s cheek, but he reigns it in. He has nothing to be ashamed of. He is not a creature of magic.Silence lingers on, however. After a moment passes, two, Taehyung tilts his head.“What are you doing?”The voice is soft, curious even with no judgement as Jeongguk had expected. Still, it irks to hear. Was it not obvious enough?“What does it look like I’m doing?” Jeongguk responds, perhaps a bit too brashly, too open of his annoyance. Definitely not good for keeping his cool around such a vindictive creature.Taehyung raises his eyebrows; it is odd how for such a blank face, his commands tremendous force in his brows to tell his feelings for him. The Siren smiles, amused curl to his lips and tilts his head further, now solely considering Jeongguk and arresting him under his gaze.“A child learning to carve wood, perhaps,” he says softly. There is nothing soft about his amusement, however, and derision burrows deep inside Jeongguk, who bristles. He won’t get down to this petty creature’s level, though, he won’t.“It’s a boat,” he spits out, getting up off the ground and brushing away at his clothes, straightening them, Like this, he feels better, not as small now that he can meet Taehyung eye to eye. There’s not much difference, but Taehyung still commands power, gods damn it, and Jeongguk needs this. Needs a win. “Or an attempt at one, at least, though with your axe I suppose I can make something off it.”Taehyung seems least bothered by Jeongguk’s posturing, which further drives the annoyance in. “You seemed to be struggling, it was the least I could do.” He pauses, presses his lips some more, and the sun catches on his face, shows how rosy they are. Jeongguk shakes his head. “A boat? Whatever for?”Jeongguk blinks. Surely the creature was smart enough to know what Jeongguk could be making a boat for: certainly not to sleep in. Jeongguk wants to retort with just that, snark in any way possible, though why such a death wish haunted him when he had just barely survived and lived was a mystery to him as well. He decides against it, wisely so, he thinks. Yoongi would be proud of him.Instead, he chooses to go for the truth. What’s the worst that could happen anyway? The Siren would stop him? He had been so vague back when Jeongguk had asked about the perimeters of the island. As far as the two of them were concerned, Jeongguk could play pretend a fool and keep Taehyung out of the loop with what he really wanted: escape and maybe, possibly, kill the creature along the way.“Well, you don’t seem to be killing me and this island, stunning as it is, is too dreary for me.”Leave it at that. Vague, just like Taehyung had been, and see what would occur. Would he seize Jeongguk with his phantom hands again and lock him up? Starve him and snap away the illusion of freedom he had perceived? Kill him for even thinking of leaving?Jeongguk waits, nonchalant in his position, holding onto the handle of the old axe. Perhaps Taehyung would buy into the bait and tell him where he was so he could start somewhere, row his boat in a direction rather than wander aimlessly. But when he looks up to see, all he’s met with is…pity.His stomach clenches at the look, but he keeps up the hopefully bored expression on his face. Gods knew he was an open book enough.“It’s amusing how you keep thinking you can leave,” the words come, and they’re even softer than before. The knots tighten further at the tone, the face dripping with pity the kind Jeongguk hasn’t ever faced. It isn’t in mockery but quite genuine; Taehyung is being frank here. And Jeongguk is missing something much too big to grasp yet.“What do you mean?” He probes, breath shaky as the nerves get better of him, grip him internally and make his body break out in a sweat. He doesn’t want to be so obvious in front of Taehyung, for him to know how weak Jeongguk really is, but he can’t help it either. The tone, the words, the expression…it was foreboding of something, and Jeongguk did not like the sound of it.Taehyung only shakes his head. Jeongguk would dismiss him, except there is no cruelty in his eyes when he looks away, no mirth in his smile. It’s sad, the sinking kind, the type that would always turn Jeongguk’s innards to mush because it meant there was something real and he couldn’t do anything about it but let it happen.He tightens the hood around his face and turns away, inclining his head towards the new axe and leaving without any further explanation.Jeongguk could chuck the fucking thing into his retreating figure, the sudden wave of frustration too intense to fight off, but he doesn’t, clenching his teeth so tight a wave of pain travels down his jaw and into his neck. This stupid fucking thing, this vague arsehole that just lingered and looked sad and did nothing but torment Jeongguk either deliberately or without intent, and Jeongguk could only sit and do nothing-He breathes out harsh, body shuddering. What did Taehyung mean? That he can’t leave? Jeongguk had ignored it back when he had said it as some ominous bullshit only a mystical creature would say, but now… Is it that if he tries, Taehyung would stop him? Is he meant to die by living out the rest of his days here?Would that be the way Tae is planning to be punishing?Jeongguk swallows, saliva thick and obtrusive in its dryness, the knot in his throat too large and too tight to allow it to pass. The truth is, no matter his bravado, Jeongguk has no answers. And even though he wants to believe that’s what Taehyung intends and plans, the look on his face, even if piteous, was not one of malice. It was almost unhappy as if Jeongguk was being delusional.It had been too real.The shuddering gives way to the panic flooding him, clogging up his throat, his lungs, vision blurring with sudden tears. His head spins and he wants to breathe but the air isn’t getting in, there’s a block in his throat and it doesn’t want to loosen. Jeongguk is doomed; Taehyung made it sound like he was and this time it wasn’t even because Taehyung had created it but as if there was another force, stronger than Taehyung. Stronger than his magic, his mind hisses, what will you ever do if you have to battle two forces, hmm?He squeezes his eyes shut, breathing out in harsh pants, teeth biting into his lips hard enough to draw blood. Painful, but needed, for it grounds him, reminds him that he still exists. He opens his eyes, and nothing has changed, except it feels like it has, like the centre of his gravity shifted all of a sudden and he can no longer stand upright.Jeongguk eyes the new axe, dropping the old one and walking towards it in a haze. He still exists, and he damn well would continue to do so- in a meaningful way. There was always a way, and if there wasn’t, he would make one, come what may. There’s always one. Even if the forces he’s up against are magical and he doesn’t have a way back, Yoongi’s compass all broken and no magic witch to breath magical knowledge into it. He would find a way.Jeongguk would find a way back home. || Despite the new fervour with which he resumes his task, Jeongguk is often debilitated by the fear of crushing new reality.The axe works beautifully, gliding across the wood in clean strikes, the chips reduced and the yield neat.The terror crawls deep inside, curls onto itself and slumbers away, warm in the embers of his stomach, a sinking weight that drags Jeongguk down. Should he even keep trying? But he has to, he can’t just give up- he can’t. He’s never been one to throw his hands up at the dice of the Fates, scoffing at the deities that controlled the thread of his paths. And yet, Taehyung’s face- the more Jeongguk thinks about it, the more he frets, assigning meaning to each aspect of the tone. Piteous, but not necessarily only for Jeongguk- but himself, maybe. Wistful, Jeongguk convinces himself at one point, but then gets rid of the thought immediately even as his arms strike at the wood in a daze, the trunk now cut in half, the first appearance of logs making their way through. The axe never loses its shine. Where did Taehyung even get this stuff?The assumption doesn’t leave his mind, however. His mind will explode if he keeps running over the same thoughts and questions, so Jeongguk allows himself- just this once- to be curious about the Siren. He thinks about the few moments before their tiff where he had worked in tandem with Taehyung, seen the way he would approach his herbs or cut his fish. He recalls thinking Taehyung was hiding something but had wanted to be seen as cruel. Jeongguk builds up off that.After all, the reality, if true- was crushing. His fear and anger could take a backseat. He’s got all this time so- why not? The Great Mother told him to see beneath, whatever the fuck that meant, and perhaps this is what she meant- if he is to be a successful explorer (once he leaves), he should not succumb to the judgement of his emotions.Perhaps, it was a journey of trust. Faith. Maybe if he were to get rid of the Siren, he was to understand it first. The way to get to Taehyung was to cultivate that trust then, which they hadn’t so far, given how tight Taehyung closed himself off into his pod. The way Jeongguk had thought something feasible was growing in between but then he had overstepped and Taehyung had snapped so hard Jeongguk is still feeling the sting of it. Enough that it had caused a break in what they had…though what they had before, could it even be called a relationship?Maybe trust was the way, but it had to happen in a way that Taehyung would be eased into it rather than dragged, and maybe then, Jeongguk would strike. And hopefully never be at Taehyung’s magical mercy, ever again.Hollow hope treads through his veins, but Jeongguk clings onto it with all his might, even as the axe splinters through the wood at last.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Ten|

   

  He’d wait each midday sun at the edge of the forest, hiding out of sight in the shade of the canopy above. 

  Each time, he’d reach a hand out into the dense shrubbery and pull, and the boy would stumble, eyes wide with awe and- and in love.

  He would feel his own tremble from the force of it. 

  “Where will you take me today?” the boy would ask, and he would only hold tight and pull him in deeper, away from everything he knew.

  “Wherever you wish, my love,” he would reply, the sounds of the city fading behind. “Wherever. I will always follow.”
~ Time is a good teacher.When he was younger, Taehyung would often bemoan the time it took to learn. He was so slow, the runt of his family and the sickliest with no standing of his own, often left to his own devices, a disappointment in his teachers’ eyes. He hated their pity, but more than that, he hated the words his grandmother would think comforting.Give it time, Taehyung. Time unravels all.It certainly had. Now Taehyung is here, no longer the runt of his family or with any family at all, and magic thick in his veins, enough to shut his former tutors up. In fear or disappointment, however, he does not know.  Time taught him growth. Patience too, he supposes, though he’s not had to exercise his in so long, but ever since the boy turned up on his shores, it has been ever-present in his mind. A lingering after-thought, the fallacy of human weakness. The sickness that persists, the blood that flows free. So, so easy to fall, yet their thoughts so mighty.Taehyung observes the boy as he strikes down the last branch, chucking the axe- a precious gift- into the mud. Sweat drips down his form, drenching his linen to his skin and running through the streaks of mud patched here and there.The boy is built well, enough that he can pick two logs with ease, arms straining but in an admirable way. Perhaps humans didn’t need magic if they worked so hard despite it. Time-consuming, but impressive nonetheless.He turns before the boy can sense his presence and returns to his own work.The potion before him is frustrating, like a kink in a muscle refusing to straighten out. He wanted to make a potion for strength after he had seen the boy relentlessly work at the boat, even though Taehyung had warned him. And the curse of human fallacy is that humans, no matter how mighty they think they are, they always fall.Taehyung has seen them fall and made them fall, after all.But there are ingredients missing, things that his magic can’t pinpoint or doesn’t want to because it’s a potion that would help the boy and his magic, like Taehyung, still doesn’t trust him. Even though Taehyung has saved his life multiple times now; had an opportunity to leave him for the dead and had rushed to drag him back.Time teaches well, but it demands patience and trust. And trust is what Taehyung fears to give, for time or himself.When the boy had first told him about making a boat to leave, a part of Taehyung had wanted to laugh. Leave- as if he could. As if he should. But Taehyung’s warnings had fallen on deaf ears; the boy had continued cutting and shaping the logs into this boat, and Taehyung didn’t know what to say or do. The boy never paid heed to his warnings, and Taehyung should have done something for the insolence of it all except…he didn’t really care. If the boy wanted to break his own heart, he was most welcome to do so.Still- despite the mistrust persisting, Taehyung’s magic panged for the future heartbreak to come.He began to work in the boy’s vicinity, to keep an eye on him- but mostly, to see if he would swing the axe wrong and cut himself, again. The boy showed his displeasure at that, unable to hide it well, but where Taehyung would have felt elation once, he now only felt apprehension. It was upsetting to bear, and yet, he couldn’t help it.He presses his lips harder, frowning at a particularly stubborn herb that refused to dissolve. Time was a good teacher, his grandmother had taught him, and it was time that had taught him to make the best potions, the rarest of magic spells and to build this island into the home it had come to be.Perhaps time would be kind soon enough and carve out the way for everything he is thinking and feeling. Taehyung looks up again and finds the boy sitting on a log, wiping away the sweat gathered on his forehead- a futile attempt, for only more takes its place, but for a moment- he sees the tiredness of a human and feels no scorn for it. || Gradually, the boy’s animosity eases as they both go about their individual tasks. True to his word, and much to Taehyung’s surprise, the boy does make something off the broad pieces of wood, shaping and shaving away at them until curls of wood litter the forest ground. His hands are scrubbed pink, a number of new abrasions on the surface, and Taehyung curbs the impulse to heal them right away. The boy still maintains a healthy, wary distance from Taehyung, and even if he’s no longer hostile- at least, on the surface of it- he’s feasibly not open to trusting Taehyung. Which is good, he reasons. It’s better when trust isn’t involved between them beyond necessary.He wishes the boy weren’t so relentless, however, with building his boat when at the end of all the passion there would be nothing but disappointment. But Taehyung finds himself admiring the zeal too, wonders if he ever had the sort of drive that the boy displays- and is sure he doesn’t and never had.With the weakening of the hostility comes back the side Taehyung had gotten familiar with- and horrifyingly, missed, which he keeps to the back of his head for the night. It seems the boy’s curiosity is unrelenting in its depth, only this time, Taehyung isn’t quite as bothered with it as much as he is wary himself- why ask anything about Taehyung at all?The questions now don’t sound suspicious as they had before, or like the boy wants to chip away at Taehyung to use him for ulterior motives. They’re arbitrary, punched in between long silences and so out of turn that Taehyung can only answer them, taken aback as he with their appearance.“Do you name your plants?” The boy asks as he struggles with a sturdy branch stuck half-way to the now dead tree, the sound of ripping wood pinching Taehyung deep inside.Taehyung, who had been washing his pestle in the pond, frowns. “Not particularly.”“Hmm.” The sound of the branch finally falling and hitting the ground with a thud comes through. “We name them sometimes. In my town’s nurseries.”Taehyung peeks over his shoulder. The boy never volunteered information about himself, but he also seemed distracted by his task so… “Nurseries?”“Yeah. Greenhouses?” When Taehyung doesn’t respond, the boy looks over. He’s filthy with the remnants of his work. Taehyung would have to lend out another set of linens. “House where one keeps the plants?” The boy quotes, eyebrow raised.“We don’t have that,” Taehyung replies. He shakes the water droplets of the vessels and rises, snapping his fingers to dry the edges of his robe. “The plants live all around. We borrow their home from them.”The boy only rolls his eyes, muttering yes, yes, magical people care for nature under his breath which he probably didn’t mean for Taehyung to hear but well- he is a magical being. He adds nothing further, resuming his task and going back to pretending like Taehyung doesn’t care, which is just as well.Eventually, they go back to sharing dinner quietly, not a word between them. The moon shines bright up above and the boy slurps in his food as if it would be taken away from him right under his nose, which Taehyung, if he were his usual self, might have for fun. But he finds he can’t or rather, doesn’t want to because the boy looks so weary, fatigue lined all around his face, in the way his eye droop and his hair falls lank. That and Taehyung has run out of his normal rage.Usually, at the end of his rages, his captives are always dead. All except for this boy, and it scratches at him, his magic simultaneously asking him what’s so special while the deeper, gut instinct part of him urges him to keep going. Taehyung doesn’t know who to listen to.One night, the boy doesn’t immediately take leave. He sits on the stone table, lost in his thoughts and mindlessly scratching his stomach when he quips, “Where are your sirens?”The bowls in Taehyung’s hand clatter, stacked as they are. He could have levitated them, but he could feel the familiar edge of a burn out lingering around and wanted to rest his magic as much as possible. It rarely ever happened, but Taehyung deduces the recent circumstances he’s found himself in to be playing a larger role than anticipated. Everything was so different than what he had been used to for years.“My sirens?”“Yeah? Those…things? In the sea?”“Ah, yes. That’s what you call them,” Taehyung responds, understanding. Then frowns. Why would the boy ask about his lovely ones? “Resting, I think. I haven’t checked in a while.”“So they aren’t always awake?”“No. They’re quite lethargic, actually,” he says, arranging the bowls and placing them on the table. The boy isn’t looking at him, still gazing into the ocean as if he would manifest the sirens in front of him. “They come up when there is a promised meal. When there isn’t, they sleep to conserve what they have until…something comes by.”The boy turns toward him then, his eyes wide and round and so innocent, though his expression sours a bit. “For the next shipwreck?”Taehyung can only nod, looking away and feeling his magic curl into itself with…shame? “If there is too much of a gap, they call for me and I provide them with one of the pigs. They sustain.”“I see.” The conversation lulls into another silence, long enough that Taehyung deems it over and proceeds to move, gathering his robes and the bowls, and turning away when the boy clears his throat. “What made you make them, anyway?”Taehyung stops in his tracks, the question scrapping at all the walls he has made of his mind’s house. He can feel the subtle knock of them on the door, and he locks it tight, throwing his weight against it. Isn’t that the question? Why would he make them, but more importantly, why would this boy ask him about that, about creatures so horrid only Taehyung could truly love them while the world fears them?They are his creation after all.He doesn’t know and so, this time, he leaves them behind in the lasting, familiar silence, a knot in his throat but hope inside that hopes the silence doesn’t last too long. || Many suns and moons pass.The boy, Taehyung determines, doesn’t carry grudges for long. Not vengefully, at the very least, a certain sweet disposition colouring him head to toe as he works diligently on his boat or whatever contraption he is determined to keep making despite Taehyung’s warning.The questions are sporadic and in between, on things Taehyung didn’t think one needed answers on but enjoys answering nevertheless. The boy asks Taehyung about his potions, the herbs, asks more about his sirens which is when Taehyung clamps down until the boy gets the hint. A small part of Taehyung is glad he does because every time he thinks of the enquiry- why did you make them- only images flash past, painful and fast but still fresh enough to make his body throb with a strange sensation that he can’t recall ever feeling. It’s still uncomfortable, however, with the way his magic squeezes inside in nervousness at the presence, but unable to do much about something it has no idea on. Both are at the mercy of this strangeness, so Taehyung’s glad when the questions halt.He does doubt the sweetness and the casual flare with which the boy asks, but Taehyung, against his wishes, finds he can’t deny the sweet relief of the presence of someone else…as disturbing as the awareness feels. Enough to make him want to chuck himself as a meal to his own creatures and wake them from their slumber. Loyal as they are, they may still happily munch on his remains. What a truly miserable thought.He no longer asks the boy to kill the pigs for him, a ruse he had made just to torture the boy’s sensibilities and the moral dilemmas the humans were oh so well known for yet never followed themselves. Taehyung doesn’t know why- he had derived delight out of making the boy gut the pigs knowing they were once like him but found it wasn’t…required. Also, he doesn’t want the boy near a blade anytime soon. One injury was enough; the subsequent feeling of care from it had made him skitter back into his shell. You don’t want to see him that way either, his magic whispers, coiled around inside and Taehyung pinches his side, yelping loud enough that the boy looks up from his task quizzically. His magic, however, snickers inside. Go on- it’s not the end of the world. Not like I know the world to envision the end, do I, he snarks back, and his magic tuts. As far as Taehyung is aware, this island is his world and the world is this island. And he is the lone man amongst it all, blissful and unaware and- and happy.Isn’t he?  Time is all-encompassing.It coils around tighter than any rope of magic could, ever-present and lurking with its presence, a sore reminder to all the creatures under it. A falling leaf here, a flower blooming into ripe fruit there. The way his potions stew until they are ready, the way his broth bubbles over the fire.The way the waves chip away at the rocks embedded into the sea bed, and the way Taehyung’s walls and layers lower down.In this world, small and its creatures inconsequential, Time was the only true master and the one Taehyung both deferred to and feared. Mostly because the price Time often asked was much too steep to pay.Though his potion has been long ready, Taehyung finds himself carrying out his tasks still in the boy’s vicinity. He convinces himself that it is so he isn’t too late in case the boy slices him inevitably but so far, the boy handles the axe with precision and learned expertise that is beyond excellent. His craftsmanship is fascinating as well.Taehyung looks at the boy far too much than he should, and he has to force himself to look away each time, to pay attention to his spellbook and work around with a few new spells he keeps seeing runes for in his dreams.He’s lived by himself for so long with only occasional captives who turn up dead that he doesn’t quite know what to do with all this company. These thoughts, the veritable presence of another person, that too a human. Creatures he hates, has always hated but was once fascinated by, and it worries him, how easily he is willing to fall down that rabbit hole again.His mind has never had to work so hard. His magic has never been so challenged and so on guard and it exhausts him, the amount of bustle he feels all around, the never-ending ticking of his thoughts, the slight trickle of his magic’s feelings since he lacks his own.Maybe that’s why he indulges in it, the one thing that doesn’t require so much thought, awareness or feeling; it exists just as and it allows Taehyung to submerge himself into a part of him that he doesn’t have to surface from too long.As he works on a rune, a component of a new spell in the making, the first notes fall out of his mouth, a song from his childhood that he would sing when he was left behind to play by himself because he wasn’t needed or wanted, the runt of the family, the tribe. He’s young again, in the flesh near a pond shaped just like this one, sitting in the mud and furrowing through the soil, fingernails filthy with them, looking for broken shells or gems. It’s a song about patience, he thinks, unsure anymore what his boy mind had come up within its seclusion. The words are gibberish even for his childhood tongue, but the rhythm is what matters- he had always been so good with his songs.The rune makes sense a little more, his mind losing its vicelike grip as his magic flows out easier. At the back of his mind, he’s aware the trees have stopped their rustling, the birds have stopped their chirping as they listen to him. All that silence always following him, the growing mark of his solitude. It had always been like that, Taehyung recalls. When he sings the birds and herbs respond to him, the monster as he’s shown himself to be, about how he finds solace in the creatures of the island.Yet, even with the way he submerges, he can’t let go of the ground. The boy is tied to him, having stayed so long he lingers, and he does so even now, even though he’s heard Taehyung hum first and he’s hummed his own tunes, but this is different. These are words, words he holds dear to himself even with how senseless they are. Singing is so vulnerable, something he did to soothe himself when no one else would.It makes him too exposed and he can’t have the humans thinking he can be taken advantage of. He would destroy everything in its path than let that ever happen, and the burn of that thought is so strong his skin prickles.And yet, despite the thread he feels tugging him to the boy’s presence, Taehyung forgets he exists- momentarily. As if he too became a part of Taehyung’s creatures, if the cessation of the axe chopping the log is any indication. Silence, his constant companion.Once, Taehyung might have hated how naturally the boy fits because that means he can do anything anytime while Taehyung is unaware. But when Taehyung pokes a head out of the waters he’s put himself under, he only sees the boy still and slack-jawed, leaning all his weight into the axe into the ground, hair flickering with the sea breeze all around. When he catches Taehyung looking at him, he moves, head down and away as if he never wanted to get caught looking at Taehyung. Or even perhaps…admiring him.The boy keeps to himself, away and silent but in a way that doesn’t feel like he’s focused on Taehyung or his singing, not the way the birds and the trees often do. He’s barely even acknowledging the singing after a point, which Taehyung is relieved over and yet prickly, because surely his singing is beautiful, being the one thing he has held close to him all his life, even before all this.How strange is Taehyung, to be so caught between nothing and everything and never be able to choose.It helps, letting his tongue loose, singing in all the different tongues he’s picked up over the years, the languages he taught himself from books upon the shipwrecks. Humans may be despicable and perhaps will always be, but at least art and music and dance were present in their otherwise ruthless world, something that helped Taehyung stay a bit more in touch with the foreign realm outside his little bubble.With a hum on his lips and a heavy sensation on his chest, he sings on.  The sun has perhaps made its fourth turn when the boy joins in.Taehyung is scratching out the second set of rules for his spell, ink dark and strong on the rough paper when a tune joins in, hums up and low but rhythmic still and he stops his quill, ink rapidly staining into the surface below.The boy is shaving his logs with the edges of the axe, sitting on a flat boulder with his back to Taehyung, feet widespread from what he can catch a glimpse off. Rough, tan hands show with each curl the boy makes but he doesn’t look as tired, not the way he had been for the past several days.The melody is…happy. Strange with odd placements in their words, a language Taehyung doesn’t understand but comprehends to be pleased, with occasional whistling that the boy manages with such ease, for a moment Taehyung wonders if this is the boy in his element.It feels like an intrusion, stopping his work to listen to the boy while the latter doesn’t pay any heed, as if he’s forgotten Taehyung exists. And maybe he has, the same way Taehyung retreats often into his submersion, and it prickles to know the human, more in danger than Taehyung could ever possibly be is content inspite of his presence behind him.The birds and trees don’t halt for the boy, but Taehyung does. And when the boy begins to sing- Taehyung hold on his quill weakens and both that and the paper slacken and fall sideways into the ground.The boy’s voice- his singing voice- is different from his speech: high, clear and melodious in a way he had never expected human voices to be. He intersperses his verses with low breaths, hisses of it between his teeth no doubt and in time with whatever the beat for the chosen song is; Taehyung has no idea about the meaning of the song but he finds himself tapping his feet to it.That should have alarmed him and yet-“I didn’t know you could sing that high,” Taehyung blurts out when the boy hits a particularly high note with ease before seamlessly melding himself into lower tones. It’s a bittersweet song about happiness, Taehyung presumes when he feels the threat of tears prickle behind. “Or that well.”The boy pauses- hand caught on the axe caught at the edge of the wood, body stiff as if he hadn’t even realised he was singing and there was an audience, and that the audience had noticed.Its brief- the pause in the fabric of all the time around them, but it’s enough to let Taehyung know the things of value. The boy stiffens then loosens, casually and nonchalant. He snorts as he picks up the activity.“It’s not like you know much anyway.” The slice of the axe on the wood echoes sharply. The boy taps the wood against the ground, wood curls and dust fluttering before resuming. “Come to think of it, you don’t even know my name.”The realisation hits Taehyung at the same time he burns with shame, though why he feels shame for this is beyond him. The boy meant nothing; he was but an unwelcome visitor who couldn’t leave, what did it matter what he was to be called?He did ask for yours though, even though he knows not the power names carry, his magic muses, and the shame burns deeper, cheeks warm. Great Mother, why does he feel so?Perhaps because the boy knew his name and had done nothing with it. He had asked Taehyung anyway, and Taehyung hadn’t returned the favour because he wanted nothing to do with someone who was meant to die. And yet here the boy was, alive and thriving, far from dead than Taehyung had ever anticipated. Maybe that’s why.“Well then. Go ahead.”The boy turns and frowns. “What?”“Tell me your name”. Taehyung picks up his quill and papers, arranging them and refusing to look at the boy as he asks. How mortifying, to be admonished by the boy and giving in. “Since you seem so slighted.” He adds, desperate to hold on to his ground.Suspicion colours the boy’s features, eyebrows furrowed and lips puckered in a way that shows just how pink they are, even if they are cracked from lack of water. His eyes roam over Taehyung’s form, sharp even at the distance between them, long enough that Taehyung thinks he won’t get an answer until the boy shrugs, the same air of continued nonchalance.“It’s Jeongguk,” the boy says softly, the same breathy tone of his singing appearing in his speech, making the name appear melodious as well. The syllables are not the oddest, similar to Taehyung’s people yet different. He doesn’t know what it means but it suits the boy- now Jeongguk, though it would take Taehyung time to call him that.Should he even call him that? Was there anything in between that bred any form of familiarity?Jeongguk still hasn’t looked away, head tilted in a way that must not be very comfortable for his shoulders. Taehyung clears his throat, indifferent himself.“That’s…a good name.” He’s not lying. The name certainly has a charm to it. “It seems to…fit you, I suppose.”Jeongguk frowns further and then gives Taehyung an incredulous once-over. Taehyung’s cheeks warm, looking away mortified at complimenting a human and feels even more chagrined when he sees a small smile quirking up on Jeongguk’s face and the subsequent, strange burst of warmth all over.Jeongguk turns fully, the axe placed gently on the ground along with the log he was shaping. The small smile still graces his face and like this, he looks a lot younger than whatever his presumed age is. “A compliment from you?”His tone is teasing now, even though his features are carefully nonchalant still. Taehyung looks down, uneasiness blocking his throat. The warmth doesn’t leave, his robes making them all the more heavier. “Don’t let it get to your head.”“Well,” the boy muses, his eyes alight with mischief, much more than he has deigned to show in the past couple of days. “It’s not every day a creature vehemently hating my kind praises something about them, is it?”Taehyung’s grip on the quill tightens, unsure of what to say. What he’d like to say and what he should. “The creature may be inclined to take it back if you keep this up.” He says at last, biting his bottom lip and letting the twinge of pain course through. A distraction he holds on to. “You should get back to work.”“Ah, won’t stack my name at the end of that?”Taehyung looks up, hoping his face is blank even though a smile of his own threatens to overwhelm him. He shouldn’t enjoy this as much as he is and yet…it’s filling, to have a difference in the order of his days and time.“The wood will rot if you leave it in the stream any longer,” he says instead, and Jeongguk looks back at the log he abandoned, having rolled away towards the edge of the water. He curses, in the same strange language he was singing in and rushes forward. Taehyung finds his mouth twitching before reminding himself and gathers his robes, leaving before Jeongguk can turn around and tease him again. || Dinner is another casual affair, as it has been for a while. It’s eerie how they both arrive at the table around the same time, bowls of hot stew steaming in the air. Today, Taehyung had made stew from one of his pigs, and it’s clear that Jeongguk recognises the taste or scent, for he sniffs and tilts his head in confusion, eyebrows furrowed.“Pig stew?” He asks, sifting through the contents of the bowl. His lips look dark in the dim moonlight, glistening with the salt of the stew.Taehyung is still not used to their sudden conversations but he tries not to look too startled by the enquiries propping here and there. “Yes.”Jeongguk’s frown deepens. “Who killed the pig?”Taehyung pauses and stares. “I did.” Jeongguk looks up then, offence colouring his eyes, and Taehyung gets it. “Who else would have done it?”“I didn’t know you could…but of course you can. You have your- your magic and all.”Taehyung stops a smile again. Jeongguk sounded much too confused for something so simple. “That, and I need to feed myself so I would know how to gut and skin a pig.”Jeongguk only blinks. Were human eyes supposed to be that large and innocent? Taehyung shakes his head, chucking the thoughts out before they can solidify further.“But you made me do it anyway.”He says it so simply, no judgement in his tone but Taehyung hears it anyway, or perhaps a pang of the pain the boy must have felt. The all too familiar shame trickles once more and he curbs it violently, startling his magic. He has no response, however, for it doesn’t seem too right to say, because it saddened you the most.Why he hesitates to say that, neither he nor his magic can explain any longer.But Jeongguk seems to understand the undertones anyway, pressing his lips and curling into himself, small and hoping to go unnoticed which doesn’t suit his form. He’s anxious and wary, perhaps wondering what other pleasure Taehyung would derive out of his stay here, even though Taehyung hasn’t done anything in a long while. Can he really blame the other for his mistrust, when Taehyung himself is walking on the edge of fragile trust?He wants to assure Jeongguk that he wouldn’t do anything again- at least, not until Jeongguk does something- but the words are dry on his tongue, lethargic and unmoving, a heavyweight inhibiting him from saying just that. What did it matter, if Jeongguk were comfortable on his island or not? It was the best he had and Taehyung shouldn’t have to worry about pleasing him. Yet, here he was.He doesn’t know how to tell Jeongguk anything to calm him down without crossing the forbidden line between them. Rather, he can’t. Not after last time, especially that.When no other words exchange, Taehyung gathers the utensils once again, as he has been for so many nights now. What happens after is something Taehyung tries not to pry into even though he knows exactly what’s happening. He expects Jeongguk to retreat to his alcove for the night, to curl into the sand for fitful sleep perhaps. He turns when he hears Jeongguk clearing his throat, to find Jeongguk sheepish, biting his lip hesitantly and his eyes huge. For a moment, it looks like the stars are nesting in his eyes and Taehyung gulps.He waits, not wanting to break the tense silence by prompting Jeongguk; the latter squirms in his seat, shoulders closed in and trying his best to look small. But Taehyung won’t believe that, because he has also seen this same boy look Taehyung in his eyes, chin lifted and set and seen the red of rage spark from his own, the height that gives him some advantage over Taehyung if not for magic.Taehyung shudders to think about how it might have been if he were a cast-away human instead.“Would you…would you happen to have wood polish, per chance?” Jeongguk asks. The word is foreign, something Taehyung has never heard before even if he speaks the boy’s tongue remarkably well. None of his earlier captives or books have mentioned it.“Wood…wood…polish?” Taehyung repeats, words peculiar on his own lips, heavy and accented as it were. “What is that?”Jeongguk blinks and then twists his hands together as if asking that much took out his bravado. He too looks confused, perhaps not anticipating that Taehyung is unaware of certain things. “It’s a- well. It’s a fluid that, uh, smoothens wood and gives it a shine.” When the silence persists, he begins stumbling over his words. “Like the handle of the axe you gave me. It has a finished touch, unlike the one I made.”Despite his time on this island and limited interactions with humans far in between, Taehyung is not too familiar with the new ways they’ve developed in the outside world. The knowledge didn’t matter much since they were meant to fall when they crossed paths with Taehyung, but now he wishes he had paid a little more attention.He recognises what Jeongguk is asking for, however, even if he didn’t know the word for it until now. Over the years he has collected things the humans had brought with them- there seemed to be a desire to hoard possessions for all of them, and all except Jeongguk almost always had something. Jeongguk had been the only one stripped away of nearly everything when he was shipwrecked here.He doesn’t tell Jeongguk that he’s not that familiar but- against all the instincts and curses his magic screams at him with- Taehyung nods and gestures at Jeongguk to get up. The latter does so, unsure and apprehensive but following all the same. It’s a silent trudge up to his cottage and tonight is the first time he willingly leads Jeongguk inside.He places the dirty bowls on the work table before walking further inside into an area Jeongguk has never seen or been. He can feel him at his back but doesn’t feel as nervous; his magic is at an alert, willing to unleash itself if Jeongguk even breathes funny. He stops at a door he has never shown anyone, a door to a room he himself doesn’t like visiting.Taehyung gathers the old, dusty lantern placed at the foot of the door and blows, dust billowing out of it. He snaps a finger and a flame lights up inside, encasing them in an eerie glow in the dark trappings of his lodge.The door clicks open with the spell he whispers under his breath, dark, drafty and the stale odour of dust and age lingering about. The floor clacks beneath his feet and shadows loom on the walls in front. Taehyung traces the candles on the side and lights them well, one by one until the room and its contents are visible in mellow light, and both can see what beholds them at last.Crates upon crates of all Taehyung has ever taken from the ships that came his way, lined neatly against the walls or stacked on top of each other. Shelves bursting full of bottles and books alike stand steady, a thin film of dust over their surfaces. Some crates are open with piles of jewellery gifted to him by pirates and travellers spilling out on the floor, baubles Taehyung had casually sifted through out of his own curiosity, finding none appealing. His people and his kingdom had better ones; these human trinkets held nothing to them.All around are the marks of all the humans the island has received, kept and then killed, reminders of how shallow they were, the myth that kept them coming so Taehyung could have his fill. In the end, they were all shuffled into a dark corner never to see the light of day but now, here they are.Jeongguk gasps, pushing past Taehyung and walking to the centre. The room is large enough to look small with the sheer volume of wealth Taehyung owns, wealth that is nothing to him. In the end, its owners had made grisly deaths, the heaviest cost of them all. He twirls in the middle, eyes wide as he takes it all in. Perhaps he too had come with hopes to chase the Siren’s wealth and was finally seeing the proof of it.When he meets Taehyung’s eyes again, however, there’s no greed in his eyes but shock, sparking with the familiar pain and anger, lips trembling as if he is reminded again of who Taehyung is. And while that might have thrilled him before, Taehyung finds himself wanting Jeongguk to…to understand. Against all odds, Taehyung doesn’t want Jeongguk to have a poor judgement of why he has what he does. It’s a ludicrous thought to have, because as he has reiterated so many times before- why does he care about Jeongguk’s judgement at all?“You…you’ve taken this from the ships?” Jeongguk asks, arms spread slightly. The gold, the gems, the wine and the spices. Neatly kept, the room full to the bursting even.Taehyung shrugs. He doesn’t show how helpless he is in that moment and never will, but he can only assume what Jeongguk is thinking or feeling. That he shipwrecked all those ships to steal from the humans. As if he, a mighty creature of magic would ever have use for human goods and wastes.“Mostly gifted to me,” Taehyung clarifies, setting aside the lantern and joining Jeongguk in the middle, maintaining some distance still. At the periphery of his vision, he sees Jeongguk frown, losing his anger by a fraction.“Gifted?”“Most of the ships…sometimes they would find a way to the island without meeting the sirens.” He doesn’t know why he explains, but he finds his mouth running anyway. “Sometimes I didn’t release them into the seas or wake them from their slumber. So the humans would come ashore with gifts.” He ghosts a hand over one of the crates, releasing his magic to seek out the item Jeongguk wanted. It would be invisible to him, but he feels the boy shudder.“Why?”And isn’t that the question. Why had Taehyung done anything at all in his life, if everything had a reason? Why would Jeongguk understand? His own dear ones never had.He looks up from the crate, the edge of its wood rotting- perhaps a rat had found a way in- and meets Jeongguk’s eyes, still wide but no longer angered. He shrugs again. “Who knows?” The answer isn’t enough to satisfy Jeongguk’s insatiable curiosity, of course, and he can see confusion linger in his eyes. Taehyung bites his lip, tilting his head and considers. His magic, distracted by the task, hisses at him but it’s faint. What are you doing, it asks, but Taehyung shushes, and his magic trashes.He ventures ahead. “I think they thought they could appease me with riches. They all came chasing some myth or the other. The island looks gorgeous, I’ve been told. And then, some were curious, while most were greedy upon hearing tales of all that I own.” He gestures at all the hoarded wealth, cold and unappealing even in its beauty. He never looks at it for long, knowing the cost. He never touched any of it, had no reason to. He would not soil himself. “Mostly they saw a beautiful, lone man on a lone island and would forget about my appeasement…and think of their own.”He says it softly but the knot in his throat tightens, his hands trembling slightly even though the boy wouldn’t be able to notice. He had told Jeongguk once, when he had first set him on the task to kill the pigs, about the pirate who had tried to have his way with Taehyung, how he very nearly had until Taehyung had snapped a finger and a vine had wrapped itself around the man’s neck, immobilising him enough for Taehyung to transform him then and there.How he had only felt glee when Jeongguk had chosen him and Taehyung had finally got to slit the knife across its beastly throat, eyes screaming pain.He had never told Jeongguk about that. Hadn’t seen the reason to do so, but telling him this now, and even thinking about it is raw, itching under his skin while his magic whines. Not hisses or revolt but whines, nestling in deeper, trying to soothe Taehyung’s nerves when it feels benevolent enough. Taehyung’s never been sure where its consciousness comes from or if it’s an extension of Taehyung’s own, but he briefly presses his gut, a silent confirmation.A sharp inhale, however, brings him out of the memories and back to the reality and Taehyung remembers that he is not alone. Jeongguk is here and he can very well hear what Taehyung says, maybe even sense what he’s feeling if he stares hard enough. Not that Taehyung is an open book.Jeongguk’s eyes, however, hold neither disgust nor judgement but…sorrow. He looks around some more and then- sneers at the gold and articles. Instead, Jeongguk takes a step closer, meeting Taehyung’s eyes with a certain determination in them, the anger long gone.“Then I suppose they got what they deserved,” he says fiercely, holding Taehyung’s gaze. The knot tautens further and his magic curious. It’s too much, in the moment, for-For no one’s ever believed him so fast, not even his own family, who had always found ways to put the final blame on him. And yet Jeongguk, a stranger, a human, chose to believe him with no cause to prove it?A flash of pain throbs over his body all over as it has been for a while now, and it sits- at the back of his throat, the bed of his stomach and the lines of his palms, heavy, hot yet prickly, swirling around his chest in a way that his magic also recoils, having never experienced the sensation before. His eyes stretch in a way they haven’t for so long and Tae clears his throat, looking away hastily from Jeongguk’s fierce gaze, gesturing at some of the crates surrounding them.“Well…these crates should have what you’re looking for, this wood polish-”“There’s no need,” Jeongguk cuts in, still staring resolutely at Taehyung while he looks anywhere but. “I- I won’t touch any of this, if you don’t want to.”Taehyung looks up, once again daunted by the boy’s ability to read through, to sense Taehyung’s hesitation in touching any of the things he never wants to lay a hand on. The intensity in Jeongguk’s eyes weakens as he too realises what he means by the words he blurts, the strange offer of care in his own way. He leans back and rubs the back of his neck, ears burning red in the dim candlelight. “I know of a way to make it by hand. I only asked because it’s time-consuming and I was being lazy.”Taehyung waits some moments, taking in what Jeongguk said before nodding wordlessly and moving away from the room, glad to leave it and the memories behind while Jeongguk trails hastily after him a moment later. The ease with which Jeongguk had admitted the truth is unexpected and against all odds, even with his magic, Taehyung finds himself taking yet another leap.“I know a thing or two about creating things. And it won’t take much time with my magic.” He blows out the candles, engulfing the room into his previous darkness once more, and locks the door with a muttered spell, before turning to Jeongguk, face lit in the light of the lantern. “Tell me what all we need.”Jeongguk then beams, and its- arresting. It makes him look much younger than the impression he had given earlier, a boyishness in his eyes and a bounce his step, and Taehyung finds himself returning a hesitant smile of his own.An offered truce nests between them as Jeongguk rattles all he needs. || Their truce only becomes stronger after the revelation in the room of spoils.The change isn’t drastic. They have their silences, but those are not rife with stilted tension anymore. They work around and inspite of each other rather than being so wary their bones are exhausted. It isn’t that Taehyung drops the veil and lets himself be- but he breathes easier around Jeongguk, and he, him.The trust is delicate, but Taehyung doesn’t want to call it trust. Is too afraid, for what if he says so and it all falls apart?It happened once, but it won’t, not again.However, despite the reluctant bridge they have made, Jeongguk doesn’t let up on his dream, or delusion, as Taehyung would prefer to call. He still works on the boat, and though Taehyung doesn’t see the point, he allows the truce to dictate his actions, which are: to not cross the boy and let him be. And he adds a little bit to it that he can’t help, given how helpless Jeongguk looks at times, foraging through the island and its generous bounty to look for the things he needs.Without telling Jeongguk, he magically makes the materials appear. Sometimes it’s a tool for chiselling away at the log for a finer finish. Others: a piece of cloth for sails, more wood polish (the one they made together) or even preservatives to store. There isn’t any reason for it, except that Jeongguk’s eyes always pop open in wonder. It is peculiar to see how astonished he gets; shouldn’t he have known by now that only magic would get such items?Yet, Jeongguk never calls it out, as if he were allowing Taehyung the benefit of his anonymous generosity. That, or maybe the sailor really doesn’t know. But his enthusiasm is a pleasure for Taehyung all the same, a tiny seed of warmth settling deep inside which he refuses to look into. The brief moment of wonder is gratifying, but it reminds Taehyung of-He halts his thoughts, daring his memories and his magic to drag him down further. Remind him of a time when he felt the very same but far stronger, he thinks, the feeling both sharp and vague to him. When he had given in to the wonder and the happiness and thought of a different life-He crushes the sage in his palm harder than necessary and the dry, olive green stain it leaves is enough to get his attention back to his task. Jeongguk is nothing like- like the other one. Others. There’s a certain sincerity in him that was profoundly missing in everyone Taehyung had met. In all this time, a lot of humans have come to his humble abode, thought of having their way with him and collect his accumulated wealth- but he’s learnt to read the humans, the men and the women. Has turned some of them into monsters too, their true forms, crushed some to mere dust and bones, and never felt guilt trickle inside his blood.However, he feels none of that vengefulness for Jeongguk, curiosity and tendency to get injured notwithstanding.Maybe that’s why, the trust shakes so hard inside, ready to fall and crack into a million pieces and pierce Taehyung again. He has never felt the same towards Jeongguk which he felt with others, and it has him afraid.  Grudging respect is perhaps what Taehyung would use to describe the flimsy thread hanging between them.Admitting that, however, isn’t easy, but Taehyung makes do. There is no rhythm to the thought or awareness, just comfort burrowed around his chest when he wakes one morning and doesn’t sense the ever-present dread lingering around his edges.The boy has lived the longest amongst all that have bestowed themselves upon Taehyung’s home and stuck to living in ways that unearthed all of Taehyung’s deepest fears. When had he last been abrasive towards Jeongguk or put him to one of his tasks? When had he realised he didn’t have that many tasks because the sailor had surpassed all expectations? His rage had run out and he was back to who he had always been, a lone man on a lone island content with his life, except it was no longer his life alone.Jeongguk dotted the plains of this island and he left a mark wherever he went, even if he kept to himself and worked on his vessel.In the curls of clouds outlined by the rising sun, Taehyung could admit that he didn’t want to end Jeongguk’s life. He didn’t trust him- his magic hissed at the very notion- but he didn’t have the energy to continue the torment. He was so tired. If Jeongguk was to remain and work on a boat that would take him nowhere, Taehyung would keep out of his way and enjoy the fragility for what it presented.He was a lone man on a lone island and he was content, but he fell prey to loneliness too. A presence, even if human, harmless at that and uninterested in Taehyung or his wealth, wasn’t that bad.Or so he thinks, until one night when they share dinner with each other.They’ve been sharing food for many moons now, on the stone table Taehyung had set outside out of sheer boredom, for his own liking long ago. He had hosted quite a number of captives on it, sometimes their crew, had laughed as they leered at him or brushed against his robes. Sometimes he would end them right there. Others, he would wait for the reveal to happen before he transformed them. It is dear to him, he thinks, the rare moments he allows himself to be nostalgic about a home he lives in.Jeongguk has neither been slain nor brushed against Taehyung or even looked at him with a roving eye. He nearly always eats with his head down, shovelling stew in so fast Taehyung worries he would choke before he stifles the worry. If the other wanted to be so foolish to die that way, Taehyung wasn’t going to question.His questions come still. A remark on his plants, an enquiry on the herbs Taehyung prefers. His curiosity, the very quality that led humans to their demise, is perhaps what keeps him alert, which is an odd paradox. But since the revelation, Jeongguk isn’t as closed off or fearful. He’s a quiet lad, pressed lips and calculating eyes but nothing to harm Taehyung with. Not that he could, but Taehyung is always on a lookout for exactly these things.But this one night, as typical as all the others before is how Taehyung falls further down the rabbit hole.Being in the middle of the sea as they are, there is a constant breeze fluttering about, threatening to blow out the flame of the lone candle Taehyung keeps on the table for light, despite the moon. It smells of brine and tastes of salt, settles onto everything the island owns and no matter how balmy it gets, it is one of Taehyung’s favourite parts about his solitude: the might of the ocean, all for him to behold.The night is the same, the moon shines its path and the stew rests heavy in their bellies, enough that Taehyung feels no urgency to leave just yet. They sit on opposites of the marble, Taehyung staring into the remains of his empty bowl and Jeongguk into the vast distance beyond.It seems for Jeongguk, however, the ocean beholds something else: memories.“Sometimes nights at Sunsong would be like this,” Jeongguk says all of a sudden. Taehyung looks up and finds the other gazing wistfully at the ocean, the breeze pushing his hair behind to reveal his face, a tiny scar stark white on his cheekbone. His eyes, which always look like they birth stars, hold a pensive sort of…sadness in them.Taehyung frowns when the words register, especially the foreign-sounding word he’s not heard. “Sunsong?”His voice seems to break Jeongguk out of his reverie and he shakes, hands tightening into a fist as he looks Taehyung’s way, the sadness still swimming. Taehyung doesn’t repeat himself but Jeongguk nods. “Ah. It’s the, uh, place I come from.”Taehyung doesn’t ask him to elaborate, the name foreign to the list of things he knows about the world. But he catches on to the longing in Jeongguk’s voice, offset even more by the gloom surrounding him. It’s fleeting, for Jeongguk shakes his head, takes one last look at the ocean before gathering his bowls and trudging up to the cottage to clean. Another change Taehyung had never seen himself allowing, but since the room of spoils, he allows Jeongguk to enter his cottage briefly, his magic keeping track of his movements inside.However fleeting it was, it never really leaves Taehyung’s mind.  It’s in the little things, he notices. How Jeongguk works closer to Taehyung, or how he doesn’t look down while walking past him. How he stays longer at their table and gazes at the seas with Taehyung, or how he sometimes enters the cottage and watches Taehyung work at his potions, quiet as a mouse but eyes sharp with curious urgency.It’s in the way Taehyung doesn’t mind anymore, either. How he leaves various potions near the boat, for strength or blood loss or vitality, or food. Sometimes, a book which he catches Jeongguk reading in candlelight once, and smiles to himself.It’s in the little ways he sees Jeongguk opening, though Taehyung never asked. But he doesn’t deny the course either. It is nice to have a presence. It may be a human and it may not be what Taehyung is used to, rhythm all wrong, but it’s a presence and it makes making the potions a little easier, curing the meat a little better and his magic less wary.It’s in the way Jeongguk spills. He is an open book- his face betrays what he feels, all trapped in his starry eyes. In the way he doesn’t curl up so tight anymore, his form suitable to who he is. And who he is makes Taehyung dig down the rabbit hole a little more, unaware as he is that he’s doing so.“Sometimes I and my friend Jimin would sneak out of our houses past curfew and sit on the docks,” Jeongguk murmurs. Tonight’s dinner had been vegetable broth with the tart sweetness of cinnamon- a recipe Taehyung had found and perfected long back, from one of the cookbooks a pirate had left behind after he had been offered to the sirens. “Jimin hated the oceans, but he would do it for me, because we had no time during the day due to our studies. Aish, a good friend.”The yearning is pervasive in Jeongguk’s voice. Taehyung stays quiet, not wanting his own speech to break Jeongguk out of whatever spell he’s put himself under. The spell of recollections- one that Taehyung heavily avoided.“Sometimes they would have to drag me back home, my mother and father, as a child,” Jeongguk goes on, feet curling into the sand and tracing patterns onto it. “They told me the ocean currents would drag me away and no one would hear me scream. And I always foolishly thought it would be a fantastic way to go.” Jeongguk chuckles, deep and derisive. Taehyung gulps, not really knowing what to say. Who said that to their own child? The humans were too strange.But then, Taehyung wasn’t too surprised either, just taken aback by humans’ cruelty towards their own. Such things were okay with his people; after all, that is why he was here, of all places.“Isn’t that a bit much to tell a child?” Taehyung ventures, and surprisingly his voice does not shake Jeongguk out.Jeongguk shrugs. “Perhaps. But I was seven name days old with not my wits about.” His eyes lose their nostalgic shine and he presses his lips, a sad tilt to them. “I wish they had said it to me before I left. Perhaps I would have believed them now.” A moment passes, the waves crash upon the rocks. “I miss them terribly.”His voice cracks and Taehyung looks away, overcome himself by- by a peculiar sort of- envy. He feels envious of a human’s ability to miss and love yet thrive; of the fact that Jungkook probably has people home who want him back. Of how upset it makes him, that Jeongguk can think about something else other than life on the island.The force of it jolts him out of his thoughts, face rapidly burning with shame. What had gotten into him? What was he thinking, resenting Jeongguk and his human weakness, his open bleeding heart that did nothing but keep him trapped in useless melancholic tragedy?What was he doing, feeling this way, reminiscent of when he had made that blunder once? Jeongguk, whether he realises or not, belongs to the island, not Taehyung. But the ugly sensation flutters about his insides, crooning at Taehyung to succumb. Why deny, Taehyung, why deny at all, it murmurs, and Taehyung closes his eyes, every thought trained at coming back, reeling himself back in.Taehyung is familiar with possession. With owning things or wanting to own them, to stake the claim as his, but Jeongguk was not that, could not be that.He got too possessive once, had felt too deeply and that had cost him everything.The silence is dotted with tension, though Jeongguk doesn’t seem to be waiting for a response. Taehyung hums, collects his thoughts and waits, thinks it futile to ache for the past when Jeongguk isn’t going to cross paths with it again. The conversation seemed to have reached its usual point, ebbing away into familiar quiet. Taehyung clears his throat, collecting the bowls and preparing to retire for the night when he feels a pressure on the edge of his sleeve. He looks up to find Jeongguk meeting eyes with him now, gaze earnest and curious, the candle adding a shine to his already starry eyes.He looks down at the hand on his sleeve. It doesn’t breach contact with his skin, but it feels imposing enough that Taehyung halts. His magic quirks its head, unsure of how to react, Taehyung’s own former anger muted deep inside. He might have thought it insolent once, Jeongguk’s act, but finds none of the resentment that accompanied him.He looks up into Jeongguk’s eyes again, a trickle of nervousness swirling in them and his teeth worrying his bottom lip. “Yes?”“I had a question.” Jeongguk starts. Taehyung settles into his seat, waiting.“Don’t you always?” Taehyung says back, tones of teasing entering his voice which he reels back in.Jeongguk frowns but trudges on. “I just…I’m curious. About your life.” He tilts his head, his lips bitten red in his nervousness. “About what you are.”Taehyung stops short because no one had ever asked him about his life. Not here, on this island where he met hundreds of sailors and travellers, or back when he had lived in his own kingdom. No one had cared to ask Taehyung about anything, about how he felt or what he wished to do.The knot in his throat, familiar over the last couple of days in annoying clarity, tightens, his breaths shallow. His chest throbs in its hollow void; his magic squirms, unable to calm him when he himself does not know why the query felt like a blow.There had been only one person who had cared, had made time for Taehyung when he was adrift in this world, hollow pockets all over, and she was long gone. He never got to say goodbye to her, did he?He clears his throat again, pulling his arm away from Jeongguk’s hand near it, who takes it back as well, curled into his lap. They face each other and moments pass before Taehyung feels ready. “Well- what would you like to know?”Jeongguk’s eyes widen, clearly not having expected a response in the affirmative, but he edges forward in his seat, interest lining his eyes. “I don’t- just, you are a blank canvas and I was curious.” He runs a hand through his dark hair and sighs. “I wasn’t expecting a response, honestly.”Taehyung chuckles, bitter. No, he doesn’t feel ready. Doesn’t know if he’ll ever be. But the boy had shared something about his past, his former life even though Taehyung never asked, and Taehyung owed nothing to the humans, especially Jeongguk, but an incessant scratching inside urged him to take a plunge.“Well, I’m not a human,” he says, safe and obvious in a way that Jeongguk’s lips curl, expression unimpressed. It’s…endearing, Taehyung allows. Then he takes another step forward. “I’m not a siren either, or whatever it is that your kind calls me.”Jeongguk nods. Perhaps he had connected the dots. “Then what are you, really?”Taehyung mulls over the question. What is he, if not for the words people had used for him and against him? Siren at the Sea, vixen, monster- years gone by with their imprints on him. Taehyung had never paused to think of it much.“I’m unsure if the humans have a word for my kind,” he says softly, carefully. Vague, for he’s not ready and yet, Jeongguk waits. “I think I know of the word you would use. W-witches?” He suggests, and Jeongguk’s eyes widen a fraction more before he nods, fast enough for his hair to fall into his eyes. His earnestness is endearing as well. “Sometimes magic-user. But where I come from, we call ourselves the Fae.”A pause, two. Jeongguk frowns, silently mouthing the word while his eyebrows furrow in, lips concentrating on the foreignness of it. How strange, that the humans have not come across the word, as if magic is not practised in their world, as if Taehyung existed in a pocket bereft of the understanding.“F- Fae,” Jeongguk says out loud, his pronunciation oddly placed but clear enough. He throws his shoulder back, some of his curiosity eased as he leans back. He looks at Taehyung all over, though nothing about his gaze is leering but rather searching as if knowing what Taehyung is would give him some answers. “And why are you here? Surely your people would be missing you?”Taehyung only smiles, bitterness blooming with the warmth of naming himself, of who he is. Such a simple question tied to a convoluted answer. Vines of it wrapped around him, stabbing at him with their thorns. Where does Taehyung even begin?“No one is missing me,” he answers, words a soft croon stifled by the blowing breeze, nearly lost in them. “Least of all my people.”It’s a damning thing to say out loud, but the truth nonetheless- and it seeps into Taehyung’s pores, settles deep into them, yet another stone on him that he would never be able to lift.Jeongguk, however, seems to be almost…upset, by the truth, but it must be a trick of the light. What did it matter to him, if Taehyung were missed or not? It didn’t matter to Taehyung and hadn’t for a while. But Jeongguk’s mouth tilts downwards, lower lip jutting out slightly, his eyebrows creased as well. He crosses his arms and leans back further, assessing Taehyung once more. Taehyung squirms, though it is subtle.“I don’t think that’s true,” he mutters. He leans forward again, hands clasped on the table and eyes earnest once again. Taehyung snorts. Humans always thought they knew the best, didn’t they?“I’m afraid it is,” he replies, head resting on his palm. He could humour the boy some more, it had been a while. “No one would ever miss me.”“I would,” Jeongguk says then, soft and hurried but- intense. “When I leave this place, I would miss you, I think.”These words are even softer, and had Taehyung not been Fae and gifted with his hearing, he would have utterly missed them. As such, his chest squeezes, a fresh discomfort throbbing all over. His magic squirms tighter, now confused. What does he mean? Why would he miss us? Why would he miss you?Taehyung gulps, in agreement with his magic but not knowing what to say back. He clenches his fist in and out, under the table where Jeongguk can’t see how affected he is, how ashamed he is that he’s that affected by something so preposterous.He smiles tight. “If you can figure out a way to leave, that is,” he jokes. He can humour the boy and his delusion, and then leave, far, far away from the utter mass of confusion he feels.Jeongguk frowns again, lips curling in displeasure. Taehyung must have hit a nerve instead, reminding him of his failures or his nature as a captive, pouring cold water over all his hopes. But it is what it is, surely the boy knew that.“You keep saying that,” he says, voice a little louder, eyes determined. “You keep saying how I can’t leave, that the island has no location even though I found it. What does that mean? Why do you keep saying so?” Jeongguk sounds frustrated, maybe even pleading at the end, and Taehyung only stares before he realises-Realises that Jeongguk really does not know.Ah, to think the boy was trapped in a delirium when he didn’t even know-“You asked me why I’m here,” Taehyung says at last, after several beats of the quiet pass while Jeongguk waits, feet tapping impatiently. The hollow cavity inside Taehyung throbs with what he was about to say.Jeongguk nods. “Yes. You never said. Why are you here?”Taehyung gathers the remaining the bowls, standing up and sighs. Poor Jeongguk.“I don’t live here by choice, Jeongguk,” he says, watching confusion flicker on the boy’s face with rapt attention. He plods ahead, the truth unavoidable. “You can’t leave because neither can I. I am a prisoner of this island. And now, so are you.”~
  
    Chapter Text
    
   |Eleven|

   

  The skin distorting is the first indication of the blunder. 
The draught trickles out of his mouth as the skin melts around, eyes stretching wide and flesh cracking dry. As he tumbles, he froths at the mouth and quakes, hands at his throat but no sound coming out. Silent screams, Taehyung thinks with utter horror as the man cracks into something he was not supposed to be. Not who Taehyung wanted him to be once again, so he could be whole at last and become his. 
  Chaos rings all around, the cries of the courtiers and the servants merging into one. The transformation goes awry and can’t be saved. Rich, velvet robe collapses under splintering bones; the dancers weep, the resounding silence aches, and the king, he glares. 

  Taehyung can only gape. Stares at where once his lover stood, glorious and whole but now only a shell of his former self, dust and bones rising with the winter breeze and lost to the world. He barely registers the firm hands of steel around his arms, his feet leaving streaks of mud on the stone behind as the truth comes crashing around, and Taehyung-

  He shrieks out his name.

   
|| He stirs with a cry on his lips and a dead man’s name on his tongue.For the second time since Taehyung can recall, dread pools in his chest and an ache pounds behind his head, his gasps harsh and his body heated. Sweat lines the crevices and creases of his flesh and is soaked into his sheets. It tastes like salt.So do his tears, his cheeks wet with them.His tongue is dry when he attempts to swallow; he shifts and observes the moonbeam gleaming across the linen sheets, the imprint of his body visible through them. Once the throbbing behind his eyes reduces, he senses the other ache, haunting him for a while now- in his chest, around it, agonising and prickling, incessant in its reminders. Taehyung presses down a palm over his heated skin and begs for peace. Quiet. Anything but the pain, the ache of the reminder, of how his heart doesn’t beat, after all.In time, his body heeds. The sweat dries, his eyelashes untangle themselves of each other and his hair falls lank but free of his skin. Taehyung falls against the sheets again as he inhales slow and steady, each breath bringing him closer to his home. Away from his life of terrors.Away from the night everything had gone wrong.He clenches his eyes shut as the memories, hazy and vague but painful nevertheless threaten to pour out once more, into his mind and out of his eyes, spilling all over until he would drown. There would be no one to save him and Taehyung would be alone, as he has always been.His magic spreads, their limbs curling around him as a safe blanket, heavy, warm and soothing. Each lungful serves to remind him of his safety, his escape- or well, imprisonment, as he confessed to Jeongguk, but escape and freedom nonetheless- and he is here, not there, not trapped in a cold farce of a home, unable to think, feel or breathe. He’s away.And so, slow as the moon’s rise and descent each turn, he comes back to his skin, to the home he has carved with his own hands, to his linens and the ocean and the warmth that never leaves him wanting for the cold and ice he left. He comes back.Yet, as Taehyung counts each breath and each throb his chest makes, he wonders if really came back at all or if he’s still trapped in a tomb of his making, and if he screams as he had screamed once, his throat shredded and never the same.He wonders if he’s still hitting the door of it, wailing to be let out.Shaking and trembling, he tucks the question away and retreats to the night once again.   The marks of his night, however, don’t quite leave Taehyung as he had anticipated.He wakes with the turn of the sun, the quiet-loud of the colliding waves and gazes at the linen again. White gossamer shields the pattern of the ceiling above, the sun glinting through in streaks outlining the motes of dust. A soreness lingers around his body, weariness a heavyweight but still Taehyung raises a finger, a wisp of purple trickling out of the tip and dancing in the sunlight, playful and free the way Taehyung has always craved.He had been content. He had made himself content, found satisfaction in growing green on barren land, borrowing from the trees to build his home. He had kept away from the borders after he had slammed against them once, and told himself he was happy as happy could be. And yet-I don’t live here by choice, Jeongguk.The truth was, no matter how much magic Taehyung used and the illusions he created for himself, it had never been his choice. One day he had been surrounded by winter ice, the next he was trapped by the sweltering sea.You can’t leave because neither can I.It was fascinating the lies one told themselves in distress, spinning them out like yarn, on and on until he was safe and sound.I am a prisoner. And now, so are you.Eventually though, the spindle would prick the yarn open, unravel the spool and spill all over. And all of Taehyung’s threads echoed the same: he was a prisoner, and he could never leave.Taehyung stares as the purple gets thicker before closing his fist and extinguishing it.He hadn’t had the visions in a while. He’d toiled hard and trained his mind to never dwell in those thoughts again, to never recall the horrors- and yet here he was. Aching mind, throbbing chest and body sore.Afraid.He hadn’t been afraid in so long. Everything he had trained to push was pulling him in instead, gleeful and ecstatic at getting to him at last. All that Taehyung had done for years, and he had drowned anyway.Perhaps it was all the talk with Jeongguk. As he winds up and arranges his bed, pulling on a robe and settling about his day, he ponders on the thought. So much human connect when all throughout the years he’s been cutting them off and showing them their place; surely it had a role to play in the revival. Jeongguk, with his incessant questions and starry eyes, exuding warmth in his small smiles and determined gaze- perhaps Taehyung’s mind had jumped at the first opportunity presented.Ants crawl all over with the doubt engulfing him; what was so different about the boy, and why couldn’t Taehyung pin it down? He pinches at the herbs beneath his fingers and they bleed green with the strain he applies, and his wrists ache. Jeongguk was as human as the others that had come; the same fallible flesh, the blood pumping in his veins and the pathetic lack of magic. So why was he still alive and why did Taehyung play along?Frustration colours deep as a bruise, a moulted angry purple, his magic hissing with him. If Jeongguk’s presence, which bearable until now, was going to bring about his past, did he need to be on this island or interact with Taehyung? Was it worth the ache of memories past, the hauntings that came and went like a wave, some clear and some blurred?Taehyung tastes the potion he’d made, smacking against the pungent odour left behind as he fills a beaker with it, leaving it to rest in the sun to complete the process. The sun must be edging closer to midday, and if the shadows aren’t lying, Jeongguk must be awake. But Taehyung lingers inside, tidying up the cottage and skimming through some spells, not wanting to leave and face him. Face- the despair, perhaps, or anger, the cruel hatred once more that had just left Jeongguk’s youthful eyes. Telling the truth as he had was not something Taehyung had ever thought of, but it had spilled out and it stained the sand behind.It would be cruel to keep the boy a prisoner as well, wouldn’t it? Perhaps doing away with him would kill two birds with one stone; Jeongguk, so he may never suffer staying and Taehyung, so he may never suffer recalling. It’s so easy, his magic purrs, stroking in warm, gentle waves.However, the thought of him leaving is worse, despite Taehyung telling him he couldn’t. As he peeks outside the window and finds vacant sand, Taehyung plays with the linen curtains, the belt of his robe, relief coursing through at being, at least for now, alone. That he doesn’t face a lump in the sand is relieving, and then shame burns as the thought registers. What does it matter whether Jeongguk were sad or not? This was life. The only way was up.But he’s alone, and so in that solitude, he can admit things to himself that he couldn’t possibly in company. Taehyung allows the strains of sorrow to filter through, for they had been lingering in him for a while now. The throes of his memories still linger, licking at his footsteps and begging for his attention, but Taehyung has always been wilful and good at shutting out things, so one more memory is nothing.The shadows cast by the sun walk across the beach in front, and Taehyung tolerates another truth to write itself into his skin. Sometimes, he admits to himself, the humans haven’t been all too bad, though they still met their unfortunate ends. Jeongguk hasn’t, however, and because he hasn’t, fear claws itself into the soft of his stomach; what kept the boy separate from all the others? It preys on Taehyung’s mind, but no amount of clutching the linen between his fingers can bring about a solution.His magic purrs once more as another treacherous thought pushes through. If Jeongguk’s presence is what threatens Taehyung’s peace, he would have to go. And he couldn’t, for he was a prisoner as much as Taehyung, and Death was the only way except…Taehyung gulps as the thought forms, straining to keep it down. It is frivolous, a fool’s wish and wondering with nothing good to come of it. Are you sure? His magic speaks, and Taehyung groans in frustration. Good for nothing kernel of power, he spits viciously, turning away from the window and retreating further inside, but not before the thought breaks through at last.If there were even a circumstance where Jeongguk could escape- no, to leave- if he did- he’d be the first of them to do so. Not that Taehyung has hope for that; it is, as he said, a fool’s wish and desire.Taehyung shudders at the thought nevertheless. || He waits for Jeongguk to snap, but the fall never occurs.After a day of brooding inside his cottage through potion making and subsequently avoiding the lad, Taehyung ventures out tentatively, anticipating an enraged human around the corner ready to attack him for hiding something so big.And yet, when he finds Jeongguk at the back of the cottage, fleshing out a log into a fine shape, there is nothing. Like all the other times, the sailor somehow senses Taehyung’s presence despite how silently he had tread through and offers a faint smile when he catches Taehyung gazing.Surely being told that not only the hopes of escape were futile, but that Taehyung himself was a captive, should deter the boy. Yet, Jeongguk doesn’t ask questions about the ominous statement Taehyung left him to ponder with, which he thought would garner some interest and ignite the ever-present curiosity further. No, the other simply chips away at the wood relentlessly, nearly desperately, faint smiles offset by distant eyes lost at the horizon.It looks a lot like the boy is breaking.Jeongguk is still polite, perhaps a notch more, distant and fluttering around the edges. Taehyung doesn’t want to, but often finds himself keeping an eye on him, the way his eyes seem glazed over, lips bit red enough to form a wound, fingernails green with tender wood and rough with splintered bark shavings. It’s worrying, with even his magic poking around restlessly, unsure of what to do. What is wrong? What must we do? Why do you simply sit there?It’s odd of his magic to be so concerned with the one it had detested once.Taehyung doesn’t have answers, can’t soothe away the rough stirring of his magic. He justifies the response as typical for someone who received the news of being a prisoner on the island, and that dead or alive, they couldn’t leave. The humans who had sought Taehyung and managed to dine with him and exchange pretty words had never stood a chance at all, for they never stayed long enough to find out the ugly, bitter truth of crossing the island’s borders.However, Jeongguk is unlike those others, perhaps the only one to know the secret. What had tempted Taehyung to spill was maybe lost to the night, but Jeongguk is taking his time to process that. Taehyung may not understand it, but maybe this is the way Jeongguk would snap- internally, all hamstrings cut loose and wounding him from within. And this time, Taehyung may not be able to heal him.His magic keens inside as he presents the thought and Taehyung can do nothing. He can’t say anything, afraid to break the fragile peace and foreboding silence hanging between and over them, the kind that those faint smiles can’t hope to breach. He can only lay idly and linger under the garb of potion-making, and watch Jeongguk crack piece by piece. The first crack is that despite the truth Taehyung has dropped, it doesn’t discourage the boy from still working on his wretched boat, which screams madness to Taehyung.Jeongguk is terrifying when he’s silent, Taehyung notes, a single-minded determination clouding his senses as if pouring everything into one task would erase the hurt of all others. He strikes the logs and twists the branches into shape with detachment, as if it is all purposeless but admitting that would splinter him full. And though it is terrifying, for never has Taehyung met a human such as Jeongguk, it is also impressive, which causes a twinge because that’s all Taehyung’s been leaning towards these times; how impressive Jeongguk is, despite being a human. A bother, an interference, maybe even a nuisance with his questions that have triggered unwanted memories. Yet Taehyung is here, observing and- and marvelling.Sickness should roil deep inside where only warmth blooms forth.The boat has a proper shape now, small and narrow but big enough for a person, a tight fit for two- not knowing why he makes that observation. The woodwork is nearly done save for the rough appearance of it, and after three turns of the sun, Taehyung finds Jeongguk working with swathes of the cloth he had left behind in one of his magical favours. Taehyung watches as Jeongguk swiftly and smoothly cuts through the cloth, a rough shape of a sail, curious to see just how far he would keep up with his delusion of escape.Pity begs for Taehyung’s attention while he observes but more than that is the call of guilt. Guilt, for leading Jeongguk on, for allowing him to think escape was possible and that his only obstacle was Taehyung.It rests heavily inside him, one more weight to add to all the others. He isn’t quite sure why he feels that way; after all, it wasn’t a ruse or a trick to break Jeongguk; that had never been his intention at all. Humans didn’t live long enough, so why did Taehyung feel a stone drop with each relentless pursuit of the boy’s madness?Jeongguk’s hurdle had always been the island and its magic, older and stranger than the one running in Taehyung’s veins, so ancient that Taehyung had never thought to play with it. He never saw purpose in doing so, not when one could live forever on it, happy, safe and secluded from the world. At least, Taehyung had told himself that; rather, made himself okay with the thought, for he was away from the cruelty of his kingdom at last, and the unfairness he had faced for so long he had only craved freedom. The island had offered that in abundance, wrapped him in its isolation. Taehyung didn’t want to know the world and its changes or how far ahead it had gone, or if it had remained the same.And yet, none of those lies matter when he keeps an eye on Jeongguk, and his chest caves hollow. Jeongguk doesn’t look upset, hasn’t thrown a fit or crashed into the sand in despair; he is the same but for the blankness in his features, in his eyes and- it is clear that the truth had affected him. For he is not the same; the smiles are watery, his eyes don’t crinkle and he is worse for wear despite the clean linen and the baths he takes. There aren’t his questions, which Taehyung dislikes but also misses, and the undertone of teasing is gone from the air. And it wasn’t until it had gone that Taehyung realises-Realises how deeply he had been looking into Jeongguk and craving the familiarity back.Shame licks at his heels and his insides for giving in and being fond of a human again. The abject lack of power is all too hefty, but Taehyung can’t control it. The familiar pain that has been haunting him for numerous turns of the sun and moon pulses over his body but is the sharpest of all of them until now, and he can’t recall why.He thinks he knew once, but not anymore. Not with the way memories chase him and Taehyung runs away each chance he gets, stifling everything so deeply that he can’t remember even if he would want to.The shame spills out and Taehyung runs once more, leaving the boy to his own devices, as he would have preferred had he been in the boy’s place. He shuts himself into the cottage, allows the pain to pulse and beat with each breath before shuddering against the door, not knowing what else he could do.He doesn’t step out, content in his potions and trifling through his spellbooks. He doesn’t share dinner, opting to leave the meals out on the doorstep and hoping Jeongguk is well enough or aware enough to recognise the needs of his human body and hunger. It’s odd to eat his meals by himself once again, having- horrifically- gotten used to Jeongguk’s company and presence, silent and timid as he could be. Misses, with humiliation, the questions and banter, the wonder in his eyes and the voice- the stew in his mouth tastes stale. Taehyung keeps away the bowl, not having needed food in the first place but having engaged in the practice because the human needed his sustenance.How he had lost himself in his alarming fondness for a human. Perhaps that’s why the ash-like taste never leaves.He should keep this up. Isn’t this what he wanted? Limited contact with Jeongguk, with any sort of human interference, keeping to himself so the memories never dared to approach him, to keep the worrying at bay. But the pulsing over is a stark reminder that things were too late. For what and why, he didn’t know, but a line had been crossed.It’s the right thing to do, as it turns out, for some suns later that Taehyung hasn’t kept track of comes a timid knock on his door and Taehyung jumps, surprised and then fearful at what it could mean. Who it could be, which is senseless because there is no one but Jeongguk and him on this cursed island. But the anticipation follows with each step towards the door.His magic wrestles inside with excitement and Taehyung barely tampers down on it, to avoid expulsion of energy. He hesitates at the handle, can hear Jeongguk on the other side breathing softly, alive and sounding healthy. He doesn’t understand the sudden uneasiness but clenches his fingers around the handle and wrenches open the door apart with the force of his magic, and finds that he can-He can breathe once more.The fear rises in waves and crashes against the rocks flat in his stomach. His chest, his head- everywhere.It has been many sun turns and moments melding into one, the curse of inexhaustible time, but Jeongguk is here and Taehyung’s magic quiets at the sight of him. He’s met with a timid yet sweet smile, and he knows it’s real because Jeongguk’s eyes crinkle slightly with it, nose pulled upward in a scrunch. Its midday, and he can tell by the sweat dotting Jeongguk’s linen and his temples, the line of it running down his solid neck into his chest that Taehyung doesn’t follow, and the rough yet human appearance of him. Jeongguk smells sharply of pungent wood polish and exhaustion lines his rough hands, but there’s a tiny smile blooming on his face and he appears younger than he is once again.Oh, how you have missed him, his magic titters, and Taehyung’s cheeks warm even as the silence between them stretches across, expanding into something neither of them would control if it pushes on so long.His neck warms, even more, when he names what he feels- pleasure, at the sight of the boy, at him willingly coming up to Taehyung. He shouldn’t be feeling any of that.But here he is, and there is Jeongguk.“Hello,” Jeongguk breathes out, word rushed, low and sweet. It never ceases to amaze Taehyung how soft Jeongguk’s voice can be. “I was thinking- what were you doing?”Taehyung stares until Jeongguk clears his throat softly, and his neck warms further. “Making potions.”“Is that all you ever do?” Jeongguk asks, leaning sideways but keeping out of his home. He’s not much taller than Taehyung, but his general build makes him appear so. “I’ve only seen you make those things.”Taehyung straightens, curling his robe tight around him. The audacity, he thinks, but there’s none of the bite he should be feeling. “Potions are incredibly important in magic,” he says, miffed, which Jeongguk seems to catch onto for he grins. “Is there a reason for coming here?”Jeongguk’s grin dims a bit at that and he looks around furtively, worried. He bites on his bottom lip and Taehyung has a sudden memory of rabbits loitering around him. “I was wondering if- if you wanted some aid. With your tasks.”Taehyung frowns. “Aid?”“Yes, if there is,” Jeongguk affirms, then leans back on the balls of his feet. “I mean- I just finished the first coat of wood polish for the boat and it’ll take some time to dry, and there’s not much left to do until the second or third coat so I’m- well, available.”He says this in a rush, soft and breathy which if not for Taehyung’s far more superior hearing he would have missed out on. Jeongguk looks up with his doe-like eyes at the end of it, imploring Taehyung to say yes and Taehyung, well-The no is at the tip of his tongue and he ends up swallowing it, even as suspicion bubbles under his skin- his, and not his magic’s, which is calm as ever. Taehyung steps side instead, a silent invitation for the other to step in and make himself at home, whatever that would be.He shuts the door as Jeongguk walks in, taking a moment to assess the sailor from the back, at the broad planes of it tapering down to an impossibly narrow waist, cinched as it is tucked into his trousers. His hair is shaggier than when he had first come upon the island, longer at some points and looking soft enough to run fingers through- not that Taehyung wants that. Not at all.He clears his throat once again, more for his benefit than to alert the boy and walks ahead to his workstation, Jeongguk following quietly behind. The suspicion doesn’t lower its whispers, echoing in Taehyung’s ears as he gathers some of his supplies and clears a small space on the table in front. For a long time, Taehyung had been the one to order Jeongguk around, to drop tasks in the middle of nowhere which the other had followed, grudgingly so. But this interest- where had it come from, and why? Jeongguk was content with his little task, futile as it was, and surely, Taehyung’s presence was a reminder of his fate. To seek him out voluntarily after that- Taehyung couldn’t quite wrap his mind around it. It didn’t help that Taehyung wanted to limit all interactions with Jeongguk especially after his torrid nightmare, but had melted into agreement the moment he saw Jeongguk’s hopeful face.Why couldn’t Taehyung keep his own promises?He shakes his head while gathering the herbs he had collected just this dawn, dropping them in a pile in Jeongguk’s space, little bowls of water and pestle at the side. Jeongguk frowns.“What am I looking at?” He asks, curious finger reaching out to touch the sprigs gently as if they were dainty little things.“These are some herbs I collected,” Taehyung answers, picking up each sprig and setting them apart to explain, even though he shouldn’t. But he’s missed Jeongguk’s curiosity, even he can admit that to himself. “This one is sage, this is lavender. They’re useful herbs, but even more potent together.” He mixes them up again and sprinkles a little water. Then wets the end of the pestle as well. “Crushing and mixing them makes a balm, both for healing as well as scent.”Jeongguk’s mouth drops in an ‘o’. “So I’m supposed to crush them?”“Yes, and sprinkle a few drops of water now and then to keep the mixture wet, or else the dryness would leave pieces behind,” Taehyung explains. His magic approves, even more, when Jeongguk picks up the pestle, small and foreign in his hand, his hold unnatural in the way of someone who isn’t used to it.He moves away then. The truth is that he didn’t quite know what task to assign, for he didn’t need to skin or gut the pigs anymore, even if Jeongguk did an excellent work of it, and he didn’t need heavy weight-lifting. But he couldn’t find in him to refuse or reject Jeongguk’s request and giving him something so mind-numbingly simple, something he didn’t even need his own hands to do, didn’t seem too bad. At best, it would keep Jeongguk busy and reduce any form of interaction.Taehyung hopes in vain, however, for he himself can’t look away for long, always throwing glances towards Jeongguk’s way, watching the way he crushes the herbs beautifully, with certain expertise and manpower, much faster than Taehyung ever could, having used his magic to do so while he worked on things worth his time. His glances are met with Jeongguk’s sometimes, who grins in ways that set flutters inside Taehyung. His cheeks warm and he looks away once more, resolute in his decision to not get distracted.The strong scent of lavender arises, offset by the subtle sage and it’s one Taehyung basks in, had always adored since he was a child. His shoulders lose some of their tenseness that had developed with Jeongguk’s presence and everything he had been feeling, and he sighs, content.Until Jeongguk makes a noise of surprise, followed by a loud sniff. Taehyung looks over, curious if anything might have entered his nose. But Jeongguk’s only looking at the now brown-green gloop on the table, his nose scrunched in a manner akin to a child’s. “What is it?”“This smell,” Jeongguk begins, curious little sniffs still making its way through. “You wear this, don’t you?”Taehyung frowns in response, unsure of what the other means until he realises- he’s talking about Taehyung’s scent.The tension in his shoulders increases to a painful degree. To think Jeongguk had paid enough attention to note his favoured scent-“I- yes,” Taehyung says in a rush, cheeks warm. Thank the Mother he wasn’t pale like his kin, where things were bared plain as day. “It’s a fragrance I like.”“So you’re asking me to aid you in making perfume,” Jeongguk says, teasing all the while his face his alight. “I always wondered why there was so much lavender growing. I understand now.”“It’s not just- lavender has many uses,” Taehyung defends weakly, then scowls, for why is he defending himself in front of this boy? But Jeongguk is undeterred, for he steps closer, far closer than he has been in all the time he’s been here.“It’s alright if its main use is to scent,” he whispers, the softness echoing around Taehyung. “It keeps you smelling good. I won’t complain.” And then, Jeongguk winks.Taehyung inhales sharply. Jeongguk steps back just as fast as he came close, and giggles, going back to the mixture and making it as smooth as possible.Taehyung rushes towards his inner washbasin to splash cool water on his heated skin. || Jeongguk comes every day thereafter, a smile always gracing his face. With each visit his timid knocks turn confident and soon, he saunters in as if he owns the places. But none of these raises Taehyung’s hackles like he expected they would.The first time, Taehyung had assigned him a task out of pity. He had thought the other was bored, perhaps seeking a route to while away time, though time was all he had now. Yet, Jeongguk kept coming back, until his presence melted into the cottage’s walls, and there was a human imprint somewhere in between. Taehyung had been at wit’s end as to what work to give to the boy until he went back to the roots- picking herbs, tanning pig hides and helping chop vegetables and meat for their lunch stew.The only difference was that now, Taehyung wasn’t commanding Jeongguk to do so, and something about that subtle shift both stirred and soothed his edges.It is one particular afternoon as Jeongguk prepares to tan a hide that Taehyung, who’s taken to observing him without being too obvious about it (but surely failing) that he realises- Jeongguk is beginning to accept his life on the island in some manner. That he had faced his fate and was working it in, so of course, he was trying to involve himself with any life present in land flung far-away.“What else do you do for your time?” Jeongguk asks, sitting on the floor with the corpse of the pig in front, separating flesh from bone methodically. There’s a rhythm to his hands and the way they handle the task with gentle expertise, mesmerising to watch.“Make potions, tend to the herbs,” Taehyung replies absently, eyes on the fur from the bone. The floor would stain but that wasn’t a worry; worse things had made their way onto the cottage ground over aeons. “Were you always this good at tanning?”He doesn’t mean to ask or even allude to a compliment, but even his magic is calmed by the process. Jeongguk pauses, looking up at him with a toothy grin, lighting his boyhood out. “It was one of the trades they taught at the Academy.”“Academy?”“Hmm, sort of a…training institution? There’s one in nearly every region of Sinwang,” Jeongguk replies. Already sweat lines his tan arms and sticks his hair to his forehead. He frowns as if realising how foreign this all must sound to Taehyung. “Sinwang is the country I am from.”So Jeongguk has told. He lets slip little remnants of his former life timidly as if they were memories that he would let go off the moment they spill from his mouth. Taehyung never prompts him, but he can’t deny that he doesn’t enjoy these pieces every once in a while.“I thought that was...Sun…Sunsong?” Taehyung asks, the word unfamiliar on his tongue.Jeongguk, meanwhile, has managed to separate the hide, leaving a wet trail of flesh and strings of tendon clinging to the bloody-ivory bones, elbow-deep red. His linen is ruined, but Taehyung has a spare pair and no reason to use it for anything else. Earlier, Taehyung could have used his magic to do the painful process, but tasks like this seem to keep Jeongguk occupied. Sane, his magic affirms. Taehyung doesn’t challenge it.“Well, yes- that is the region I am from. Down south, the very tip of the land,” Jeongguk clarifies. He gathers the mass and places it on the cleared table, collecting streams of blood in the palm of his hand so they don’t drip heavily onto the floor. Taehyung doesn’t know why he bothers; the insides of his cottage are a mess. “Sinwang is the name of the land. It is divided into five regions, and each region has an Academy where they teach the ways of the world and the trades, mostly those focused on the living of the region.”Taehyung doesn’t prompt and he’s not the curious one but Mother above, he is fascinated. Mostly by the way Jeongguk speaks freely, more than he has in all his while here. His speaking voice is as clear as his singing, a sweet coldness to it that feels like the gust of fresh wind. When he’s not angry or scared, Jeongguk spills beautifully.“Meaning?”Jeongguk has taken a fleshing tool, one that Taehyung had kept amongst all the blades he had collected and he cleans the fur, removing pieces of flesh and dirt from the hide. From there, he would carry it to the vat outside full of saltwater to wash. It was the first thing Jeongguk had asked when Taehyung had suggested the task.“Well, each region is divided according to what it produces the most. My region, Sunsong, is known for its fishing and sea life, so the trades taught at the Sunsong Academy would be centred on fishing, building boats, knotting ropes and the like. And other things too, such as Sinwang’s history and other subjects,” Jeongguk says in one go. He pauses again, meeting Taehyung’s eyes and smiling softly. “You truly don’t know the ways of the world, do you?”Taehyung, to his mortification, finds himself warming. “I couldn’t possibly when I’ve been here as long as I have.”“Of course.” Jeongguk blinks as if Taehyung’s words served a harsh reminder to his new fate. It sends a twinge of pain down his spine at the dimming of the glimmer in Jeongguk’s eyes, but it vanishes just as fast as it appeared. “But to answer your question- we learnt this in one of the trade classes, but I mostly practised with Seokjin.”Seokjin…the name doesn’t sound familiar to Taehyung. He’s heard of ‘Jimin’ a couple of times, perhaps one or two more that he didn’t care to register. He wonders if he should ask, but Jeongguk must have already seen the confusion in his face.“He’s one of my…well, I’m not sure if I should say friends, he’s quite old but also not as old as my parents,” Jeongguk starts, frowning at the hide below. “He runs a kitchen of sorts. Very popular, and his food is mouth-watering even from a distance. But he could do just about anything- so of course, he’d skin a pig or a deer start to finish rather than buy from a butcher, and that’s how I learnt how to- well, kill pigs and skin them.”Taehyung can picture it, Jeongguk as a young boy watching a person do what he’s doing now so skilfully. But in this picture, he is still young. “Odd thing to teach a young boy.”Jeongguk breaks out in chuckles then, fondness glimmering in his eyes. A past memory, perhaps. “I suppose. But that’s Seokjin for you,” he says. He rests the fleshing tool against the hide and sighs. Taehyung finds himself tensing. “I was- I was in love with the seas. His mate Yoongi was a-a sea traveller, as I am- and all I wanted was to travel the waters.”There’s a pang in Jeongguk’s voice that bleeds out as red as the rivulets on the floor. Taehyung gulps, hearing the unsaid words. I couldn’t live my dream because my first expedition led me trapped in your lair.“Yoongi didn’t see what Seokjin did, I think. He began teaching me- small things. Tying my first knot. Cooking a strip of meat, skinning birds and then rabbits,” Jeongguk continues, voice soft with reminiscing memory. “He always had this- this impression, that I would be trapped on some island or anchored in the middle of the seas and have no way to fend for myself.”There is silence, and Taehyung gulps. Strange how humans could think the worse of their futures without realising how it could come true. Amongst the Fae, Taehyung had come across the ones who had the powers of divination. He feared them.“One of those came true,” he says, stating the obvious floating in the room. Jeongguk looks up, eyebrow raised. “And here you are, fending for yourself just fine.”Jeongguk keeps a steady gaze, long enough that ants crawl under Taehyung’s skin and he crosses his arms in an attempt to be grounded.“Here I am indeed,” Jeongguk says at last. Time unfreezes as he picks up the tool and runs it one last time. “But enough about me. I recall I had asked you a question.”Taehyung bristles at the tone, at the sheer audacity of Jeongguk’s request, but there’s none of his former energy to be found. He can detect notes of teasing filtering in the breathy vowels. “Which you always do.”“Ah, now,” Jeongguk tuts, familiar grin making its way around his face. A speck of blood has landed somewhere near his eye. “The questions earlier were mostly about leaving the island, which isn’t possible now.”So Jeongguk has accepted it, if he’s joking about it, naming it in the air between them. So long Taehyung had waited for him to break and it had broken, as gentle as the stem of a plant bearing heavy fruit.“So that was your plan all along, was it,” Taehyung says, playing along, unsure of where the sudden playfulness emerged inside. “Wring me dry with your incessant curiosity and then escape.”Jeongguk spreads his hands, red and bloody. He smiles. “A human does what a human does.”The statement should light fear’s fire under his belly but Taehyung finds himself holding back a smile, shaking his head as he gets back to his task at last- tying herbs into intricate knots and hanging them up to dry. How they’d languished on his workstation while he had been side-tracked.He turns and doesn’t look back when Jeongguk chuckles, lifting the heavy hide and carrying it outside to be salted in the vat. Only when he’s sure that Jeongguk is out does Taehyung let his face fall into a smile.His magic giggles deep inside. || Tanning a pig’s hide, at least the human way, is an arduous procedure.Jeongguk declines any aid that Taehyung could offer and insists on doing it the way he knows, which is as meticulous as it is time-consuming. Cleaning the fur and salting it is messy, and Taehyung frets over the state of his home. The only that diverts him from the agitation is Jeongguk’s questions, which though familiar carry with them a tinge of new curiosity. New in that they’re not as lined with the desperation of escape, Taehyung notes, but as if he…cares. As if he wishes to know about this island that Taehyung has made his home.He asks about the shore and how long it wraps around the island, about the foliage behind and how deep it runs behind. Jeongguk is a curious boy, this Taehyung has accepted long ago, but the flavours of his curiosity are a sight to behold. He questions as if he wishes to know, to inhale any knowledge of the place he’s meant to live in for a long, long time.“Is it just you or are humans often so curious?” Taehyung asks once, not in annoyance but genuine bafflement. It’s not possible someone could thirst after knowledge so much, is it? “I could swear someone whispers at you to come up with these.”And apart from the bafflement is the stained fear, the worry because Jeongguk may be amicable and good but he’s still human, so how can Taehyung trust him? Why is he so interested, if escape is no longer his goal? Taehyung meanders between soft trust and past caution, and he doesn’t know which middle ground to anchor himself upon.Jeongguk, however, pulls the hide out of the vat one last time, placing it on the drying stand he had made. It drips on the sand below while the water in the vat is littered with bits of meat and fur. He takes a comb and untangles the wet fur on the hide.“I’m inclined to say it’s a human curse to be curious, but I’ve also been made aware all my life that it’s a fatal flaw of mine,” he replies cheerfully even as he runs the comb in smooth strokes. His arms strain under his stained shirt. Jeongguk pauses and looks at Taehyung, eyes squinting from the sun’s assault overhead. “That, and I would simply like to know this place for as long as I’m alive.”It’s an earnest response and perfectly acceptable…for a human. Humans are expendable and their construct of time, Taehyung has realised over the years and with numerous interactions, is warped and a tiny fraction of what Time really is. His response would typically quiet the chaos in Taehyung’s self except-Except the island is not defined by human parameters. Meaning, it is not controlled by a human’s perception of time. Taehyung quiets after that, but he curses all the gaps in Jeongguk’s understanding of the place.The island’s magic by design is meant to keep its prisoners immortal, and Jeongguk would be one of them.For as long as I’m alive.Taehyung sighs as the magnanimity of the statement falls into place. Into the crevices of his mind and his heart, the crescents left by his nails on his palm. How does he even begin to tell Jeongguk that he would live forever? How had the boy not questioned Taehyung’s age? Although truth be told, he hadn’t gotten back to Taehyung about his own imprisonment.Humans coped in the strangest of ways.The Fae lived a long time, this he knew. They aged slow as a snail and were not susceptible to the forces of Nature as much as the humans had shown to be. But even someone as Taehyung, a Fae, could not live as long as he had without magical intervention. Jeongguk’s hackles should have been on the rise, and yet, here he was, cheerfully tanning away a hide while whistling something under his breath, content in Taehyung not following up with a question.He mulls over the statement and his new dilemma; should Taehyung inform Jeongguk about his actual fate? It runs in the back of his mind, enough that his magic, otherwise dormant these days in Jeongguk’s presence, is also on the watch, curling tight in Taehyung’s belly. But there is no threat; it only exists in the vestiges of Taehyung’s mind. Jeongguk keeps up his questions from time to time- about the herbs, the other animals in the forest behind, the sirens- and Taehyung answers as much as he can muster before he keeps shut, afraid of spilling too much.If he tells Jeongguk the truth, would the boy lose his newfound kindness and turn on Taehyung once more? Jeongguk could change his mind and go back to his hostility, his bleeding anger and rough edges which Taehyung wouldn’t mind but…Why does fear bubble in his stomach at the very notion of it?It isn’t like Jeongguk could do anything; even if he did, Taehyung has no ground to worry or fear, for he still has his magic. He could take on Jeongguk if he ever changed his mind. He shakes away the very thought, however, for pain shoots in intervals all across when he thinks of resorting to those measures if their current relation were to worsen.He finds himself hopelessly hoping that what they have doesn’t get worse, ever. || And so it goes on.Taehyung doesn’t tell Jeongguk. The pig hide is tanned, he has a new garment that he gifts to Jeongguk, knowing the sailor gets cold at night. Jeongguk tries to refuse, but he eventually takes it because he’s a sensible human who aches for good night’s sleep. Even Taehyung can assess that, try as he might to keep his distance.(And failing).Taehyung covers his guilt by answering the inane, never-ending fall of curiosity. They are small and insignificant but entertaining nonetheless, or so Taehyung convinces himself, even as he says he’s doing it out of pity and not because…he has someone to talk to after aeons of a lonely existence. It’s new companionship and the years of being by himself making his mouth and thoughts run. He would eventually run out, just as he did out of his anger.It was all fleeting, save for his island, his fate and his magic.But perhaps Taehyung’s own perception of Time is warped, for this new companionship-it doesn’t feel impermanent. Taehyung had thought he would curb it soon, cut it off before the boy got too familiar, for he couldn’t afford any more nightmares and sleepless nights of his past that he can barely recall and yet-Taehyung also clings on to Jeongguk’s words, unknowingly often, and his actions catch up to him only when he retreats for the night and is by himself, and the mortification creeps in. His pillow heats with him and his magic bubbles inside.Ah, what a fool he is.There’s a new rhythm to his days and nights now, and all of them include Jeongguk. If not for his questions then it is his mere presence, probing around Taehyung’s edges. He never leaves the periphery of Taehyung’s eyes and soon, his magic begins to seek him out before he can even think about it.“What kind of magic do you have?”It’s a bright day, the sun overbearing and casting its shadow across Jeongguk’s tan skin as he rips into an apple, its juice spilling out of the bite. Taehyung doesn’t follow the line of its journey down Jeongguk’s throat. Instead, he fidgets, picking the skin around his thumb.“What do you mean?” He asks back, careful and slow because Jeongguk has asked something far too fragile in his all too casual manner.Jeongguk, however, shrugs. “Are there types of magic? Or are your people capable of anything just because they have magic?”Silence ebbs and flows after and Taehyung is lost once more. How does he answer this? More so, why did the boy even ask him something so…oddly specific?No, he doesn’t know half the things that spill from his tongue. Stop fearing, the all too familiar voice goes. Curse his magic for betraying him so.Taehyung tightens the hold on his arms, hugging himself. Should he or shouldn’t he?“I’m not sure how to answer,” he says at last, though it’s a lie because he does know, of course, he does; his life has been smeared with the knowledge of it. He is here because of it, after all. “There are different types. But I’m not sure which mine falls in.”Jeongguk presses his lips, his eyes blank for a moment before he nods, as if doesn’t believe Taehyung. Taehyung turns away, collecting the bowls and walking back in, his spine straight for-He’s not afraid of the boy. He doesn’t owe him anything.He looks back a moment before he enters his cottage and finds Jeongguk’s gaze still trailing after him, thoughtful and contemplating.He doesn’t owe anything to the human, but then why does he feel so anyway?   Jeongguk doesn’t ask him anything pertaining to his life beyond the island. At least, not directly. There’s a certain skill he wields, curiosity dripping in innocence that nearly fools Taehyung if he were not on his guard after the first time. Jeongguk’s questions aren’t a bother- about as bothersome as flies on ripening fruit, perhaps- but it’s the odd spectacle of wanting to include Taehyung that leaves him- aching.They talk. Snippets borrowed from here and there, in between crushing herbs and mixing oils, sprucing the garden or taming the pigs and especially at night, when they share stew, questions meld into conversations. Strange and out of the blue, but warm too, igniting the flame of loneliness beneath Taehyung’s bones. Jeongguk is playful when he opens up, the stars in his eyes prominent in the low flame of the lamp and the glint of the moon around.“So Seokjin decided to teach me how to skin a rabbit first, and he told no one,” Jeongguk says. There’s a smile curling around his mouth and his eyes light up with humour. Taehyung finds himself wanting to smile back but refrains and simply nods instead. “I was young, he’d just come to town the past summer.”“Was he not always in your country?”“Not really. One day he and Yoongi came upon a ship and sought refuge. Said they’d escaped from some pirates at the sea and were the only survivors. They set up their shop and trade soon after.” Jeongguk pauses, bites his lips some more, stewing around the contents in the bowl. “Though I never thought of them as- outsiders. They fit in seamlessly, Yoongi and Seokjin. I think the town forgot too.”Taehyung hums. He never asks too many questions, but even his latent curiosity is piqued by Jeongguk’s strange tales. More than any human had ever bothered to tell him about, their eyes focused on the prize.“And this Yoongi? Was he the sailor you spoke of?”“Mm, one of the best. I nearly drove him mad pestering him to mentor me,” Jeongguk says, a proud gleam in his eyes contradicting the shame spilling out. “Seokjin is his mate- they’ve been together since the time they arrived.”Jeongguk says this simply, unbothered by the significance of the word. Mate. It probably meant something completely different to humans, if he went by Jeongguk’s tone.“Is that what humans name it as?” He asks tentatively, fingers wrapping around the end trails of his robe, squeezing the life out of them.“Name what? Love?” Jeongguk questions, peering up at Taehyung over the bowl, eyes large with how wide they are. He really had the roundest eyes. Taehyung looks away, ears warming at Jeongguk’s gaze. “Not really. We don’t use that…But it’s what Yoongi used when I first asked. Apparently, in the land he comes from, they use this. Seokjin just followed.” Jeongguk takes in a spoonful, slurping in the broth. “Why do you ask?”How interesting. Taehyung doesn’t answer the latter, mulling over what the sailor said, appetite lost with all the information. Mates was a term that his people often used, to denote long-lasting unions between two people. He’d always known it wasn’t common amongst the humankind, so for this Yoongi character to use it…“You were telling me about skinning the rabbit,” Taehyung deflects, setting aside his bowl. Jeongguk frowns, tilting his head but Taehyung keeps a blank stare. “I’m assuming your Yoongi found out.”He can sense more than see Jeongguk slight annoyance at Taehyung withdrawing again if the boy’s pursed lips were any indication, but Jeongguk’s grown smarter and doesn’t push Taehyung’s needles anymore. He can see the curiosity grow under the boy’s skin but impressively, the boy plays into Taehyung’s facades.“Yes. He had an early lunch break and stumbled to Seokjin’s kitchen, only to find the two of us elbow deep in blood and flesh. He nearly shrieked before he controlled himself.” Jeongguk chuckles then, and it’s a warm sound- emerging from deep within, carrying with it a brazen genuineness. “He rightly told Seokjin off- why would you teach a boy twelve name days old how to skin an animal, Jin- he was practically frothing at the mouth, which for Yoongi is essentially gritting his teeth. Which isn’t very pretty, tame as it sounds.”“I’m sure it wouldn’t be,” Taehyung adds amiably, unsure of what to say. He hadn’t asked for these conversations, hadn’t asked for the company or for Jeongguk to keep placing himself in Taehyung’s sight but here he was, listening with rapt attention even as he kept up his aloof nature. “Names days are…?”“Ah. You wouldn’t know, of course,” Jeongguk says, reaching to scratch at the back of his head. In the moonlit surroundings, he seems bashful- and Mother, so, so young. “We calculate our time by the sun, and for people, by the day they were named on. You’re supposed to be named within a week of your birth, and the day your name enters the register is your name day. So we celebrate each name day as a mark of progress.”This, Taehyung found fascinating. They didn’t have such celebrations in his kingdom- you were born, a feast was held and then you did your part learning the basics of magic until your chosen magic bloomed in time. Perhaps for humans, marking such passage of time was essential- they were so incredibly fragile, so prone to drifting away, whereas the Fae lived long enough to never really fear death, not the way humans were taught to.It was a glimpse of knowledge about Jeongguk that Taehyung hadn’t really thought he’d want, but was glad to have nevertheless.“What about you?”Taehyung stirs from the lapse he had fallen into, the waves crashing in the distance. “What about me?” Why did Jeongguk insist on knowing Taehyung?“When were you born? What do your people do for such things?”Taehyung blinks. He’d never expected such a question…he’d never thought such a minor thing would ever have value. It had been so long since he’d thought about his life from before, content in the island and its azure blue and vibrant green, the rough of the sand his toes dug into. He’d hardly thought about himself.But the enquiry hit deep and hit well. It stirred memories he hadn’t paid heed to in a long while, but- the glimpses of frozen ground, the cracks on the icy lake near his home, the chill that never truly left his bones at that time- were prominent.“I’m not sure- we don’t have name days or any such thing,” Taehyung whispers at last, nails digging deep into the meat of his palm. The glimpses aren’t welcome in his head. “I suppose I was born in the midst of winter. I was the youngest of my family, so they held a small feast- that’s the celebration. A successful birth.”Jeongguk, meanwhile, looks forlorn, the corners of his mouth tilted downwards. “That’s it? No presents?”Taehyung chuckles. How human. How close to home, his magic whimpers, remembering how there were presents but he never received any. “No. Presents aren’t a part of our way.”“I see,” Jeongguk hums. His gaze is once more contemplative as if he’s peeling beneath Taehyung careful craft and unearthing the truth. Taehyung’s skin has a phantom itch. “Jimin used to insist on presents for every person he considered close- and those were a lot. Worse, he would sit and make them himself, even if it were small.” There’s a smile on Jeongguk’s face that negates the complaint.“That seems sweet.”“It was. He would fret over the smallest details, try to make the present as personal for the person as possible…he always left a part of himself with every present he ever made.” Jeongguk’s tone is the same as before, the strange longing, the ache of missing someone you would never meet again. His fingers are playing with a chain at his neck, a small, thin silver piece that Taehyung’s often noticed but never commented upon. In the moon, it gleamed a pale white, stark against Jeongguk’s tan. The boy then shakes his head, hair falling long and dark over his eyes as if he were waking himself out of his reverie. “Enough about Jimin. He gets- got- enough attention as it is back home,” Jeongguk grumbles, but the fondness doesn’t leave his eyes- or mouth. He turns towards Taehyung and smiles, teasing light in his eyes. “I suppose giving presents to someone like you would be irrelevant.”Taehyung shouldn’t get baited, but he finds himself wanting. He bristles. “And why is that?”“Ah, given your beauty, surely all gifts would pale in comparison, no?”Nails cut into his palm as the blood rushes to his face, skin warm and tingling even as Taehyung coughs, taken aback. He busies himself pouring water into the pitcher but his hands shake and when he takes a sip, he coughs again, water spilling out.Jeongguk cackles. While Taehyung recovers, the other throws his head back, the echo of his laugh resounding around, a musical harmony to the waves’ rhythm. Briefly, just for a moment, Taehyung considers using his magic to shut the boy up but then- recedes. There’s something in the way Jeongguk laughs, carefree and youthful and so unlike the angry boy that had washed up on the shores of his home. When he pauses to breathe and wipe tears- tears- out of his eyes, Taehyung finds that he doesn’t mind it as much as he wishes to.Jeongguk’s teasing is something that has slipped into brief moments of time in between, infrequent but lasting in the way that Taehyung’s cheeks warm, the way pain flashes in intervals and how he looks away when Jeongguk gazes with an eerie fondness the likes of which Taehyung has never known. He hates it even as he doesn’t put a stop to it, engaging in it as much as he can. Hates it because of how helpless he feels and how he aches, even if he knows that it’s wrong, how he plays these human games. He shouldn’t have stooped so low, and yet…“It wasn’t that funny,” Taehyung grumbles, clicking his fingers once to wipe away the water on the table, the crumbs that had fallen from the bread. He begins gathering his bowl, habits hard to let go off. Jeongguk, however, chuckles in intervals, face pink from the exertion. “Jeongguk. Stop it now.”Jeongguk only grins, leaning back as if without a care in the world. “It was a little funny.”Taehyung rolls his eyes, then internally curses himself for engaging, again. “Yes, my face is funny. Have your fill.”“Oh, no, your face isn’t funny,” Jeongguk counters, leaning in again. The candle flame outlines his eyes. “I meant it. You really are beautiful.”“Jeongguk.”“No, really, I’ve been meaning to tell you. Surely you must know?” Jeongguk tilts his head, curiosity filling his starry eyes, Taehyung’s chest throbs. “Isn’t that part of the whole thing? The Siren at the Sea is so beautiful it leads astray all that comes in its path. I didn’t say anything wrong.”He hadn’t. Taehyung didn’t know of the rumours, had never taken part in any of them. He had taken only that which fell in his lap and had never sought. “So what’s the joke?”“Your reaction, just now…Ah, you really don’t know?” Jeongguk asks, eyes wide with familiar, aching curiosity but Taehyung catches the lilts of humour in his tone. “And here I thought your beauty was the secret behind the island’s radiance,” he finishes, grinning ear to ear.One moment, a heartbeat and a wave and-“Clean this and get lost before I ask my green ones to strangle you,” Taehyung spits, though there’s none of the venom he favours in his voice, even as Jeongguk cackles, fear long gone where once it resided in its heavenly throne. The boy gets up and collects the bowls, and walks around, whistling away. Taehyung, curse his treacherous blood, is warm even as the cold sea breeze filters in. Jeongguk still cackles, slow in his task- so human. And yet, it’s a new side to the boy, one that Taehyung finds he can’t reprimand.There are several ways to process the impending nature of one’s imprisonment and perhaps, this is Jeongguk’s. Maybe the fear has been usurped at last- but Taehyung finds he can’t blame him either. || The only way blood can flow is if a cut lets it out of one’s bodily prison. And the only way blood can be held back is when the cut is sewn shut. Taehyung knows this intimately and has always wound himself tightly, an impenetrable barrier that only he could ever hold the key to.Jeongguk, however, doesn’t badger at his doors as he had expected humans to- and experienced them to do- as much as he coaxes Taehyung to hand him the key. Even as Taehyung makes do with this new side, the one that giggles and hums happily (even though the miserable silence shadows some days), he’s unable to resent it for the sheer reason that it’s- harmless. It doesn’t grate at Taehyung’s nerves as it used to; it doesn’t bother him at all, per se, simply exists while he grinds his potions and goes about his day on the island as he always has been. Jeongguk is nearly always around, but he is by no means a pest- he respects Taehyung’s silence, observes with wide eyes and occupies himself when he can’t help out much. There are no leering gazes or wandering hands where he’s concerned; for all, Taehyung could be but a piece of wood- polished, highly superior wood- but wood all the same and Jeongguk perceives him as such.It nicks Taehyung in an odd, budding way as if the cut were made by the thorn of a rose he was admiring- with beauty and awe, and a slash of red he hadn’t felt at the time. A slight sting that would ache were he to press into it or rub against it but otherwise, small and unnoticeable unless he dug into it further.He’s not averse to it, finds himself craving it at times though he never voices these wishes out. He pauses when Jeongguk sings, when he talks and when he reminisces over his life even as Taehyung wishes to tell him to stop, to tell him it’s of no use and that the wound would only ache the more he held on. And yet. He finds himself hooked on every word that Jeongguk shares, about his family, his parents and his gaggle of friends- Yoongi, Seokjin and Jimin. The beauty of his homeland, the love that pours out of Jeongguk even now for the sea, however it may have betrayed him in leading him here. Taehyung heeds to the affection in Jeongguk’s voice and-Finds himself wanting Jeongguk to go back so he can be- happy.Taehyung dismisses the thought as soon as it comes, the weight of the insight festering inside with a force he had never expected, almost making him reel even as he keeps a smile while Jeongguk narrates about a fish-market and the different trades in Sunsong, which sounds like nothing of the world as he last knew it. He smiles even though his chest aches with this odd want, different from wants of the different kinds he’s ever known. He wishes to get rid of it for it’s a foolish and futile wish but it strikes deep all the same.It’s the first time he’s felt this way about another person, let alone a human. A human-led astray on his island, his home and haven and prison, a human unlike any others he had the misfortune of meeting. A human from a world Taehyung knows nothing of and never wants to know of, never wants to think about it-But Great Mother does Taehyung want him to go back to it and meet those people of his past, even if it means Taehyung would be alone again, forever adrift in the middle of the seas, never anchoring anywhere and loneliness festering away in his chest once more.Jeongguk pats the mound of soil where he had planted a sapling, hands tan and rough but gentle around the green bud, a soft smile on his face from when he had narrated the story of his mother’s fascination for gardening herself, and Taehyung, a few steps back, curls into his robe, holding it tight as if it’s the only anchor he would ever have. The desire pulses inside, his magic in tandem as it wakes up to line itself with his treacherous thoughts. What a ridiculous thought to have. His mind must have become addled in this temporary reality it had made itself at home with.He doesn’t truly appreciate the notion of being alone, even if his company is human. He’s spent so long in Jeongguk’s presence that not having to share dinners or make potions or engage in his senseless babble feels wrong, and more importantly- there isn’t a way anyway. He and Jeongguk are prisoners and there wasn’t a way out.Isn’t there, his magic asks, at last, waking from its peaceful, traitorous slumber, and the doubt heavy in it adds to the desire for something ridiculous, coursing through Taehyung once more.   But for all of Jeongguk’s newfound hope and contentment, there are the days when he’s silent, non-responsive and lost to the world. Those are the times when the familiar knock on Taehyung’s door is missing, when his stew lies uneaten and cold, melancholy aching through the island’s air. Taehyung senses it in the grey of the skies and the roughness of the sea, and mostly the outline of the person curled onto itself by the beach.When Jeongguk joins him for their shared dinner, his eyes are lost and sad, spoon playing with his stew and distress heavy in the ocean breeze. Taehyung doesn’t utter a word, having never been one to initiate anything between them. It is what it is, he tells himself, and stamps on his own foot when the traitorous voice of his magic pokes inside as it had been since the day he had the insight. When had that changed sides? He didn’t care for why the boy was blue; everyone was and so was Taehyung. It was a lesson of life and he had to endure it just as Taehyung had. Weren’t humans known for their bull-headed resiliency?They eat in quiet solitude, Jeongguk managing some bites before he leaves, the bowl still steaming hot. He doesn’t say a word or explain, choosing to walk towards the ocean, his back hunched upon himself. Taehyung gazes after him but makes no move himself to ask or offer aid; what use would they be, when Jeongguk clearly wanted to be left alone?
  Does he? Or do you want that so you won’t have to cross lines again?
Taehyung looks away, staring down at his bowl and tamping down the niggling of his magic. What a traitor.He can’t help but keep looking back at Jeongguk sitting in the sand, head bowed between his legs. He can’t help the sorrow when he sees the boy’s body shuddering in sobs.   The remarkableness of human resiliency, Taehyung has noticed, is that it bounces back with an energy unlike never before. He hadn’t had the pleasure of time to explore what made the human mind, intent on getting rid of them as soon as possible but with Jeongguk…He has nothing but time.Jeongguk seems to mourn his fate for three turns of the sun, and for three turns Taehyung does not approach him. He could have vanished for all the island knew except he can still sense Jeongguk’s presence in and around, even if he doesn’t seek it. His magic, the traitorous bastard, searches for the boy with or without Taehyung’s permission.Three turns does Taehyung not disturb him, and he doesn’t expect a change- perhaps Jeongguk had last come to terms with his damned fate and lost himself to the horror of it- when on the fourth day, a familiar knock sounds and Taehyung, against all odds and with a sickening sort of- of elation- rises, at the mere echo of it. He tramples down the burst of warmth in his stomach, his chest and pats his neck slightly, walking slowly to make sure Jeongguk doesn’t think he was too eager.What had he come to?When he opens the door, it is similar to the first time he had opened the door to Jeongguk’s curious eyes and timid smile. Only this time, he doesn’t feel as rough at the edges and Jeongguk is no longer timid or hesitant, bold humour lining his form.“Missed me?” He asks, sauntering in easily, bypassing Taehyung and moving towards the workstation. His clothes are neat and clean, tucked in tight into his trousers. They’re still loose around him where they fit well earlier, the mark of his forfeited diet the past few days.Taehyung has an incessant need to sit the other down and hand him over some leftover stew.“Your absence was barely noticeable,” Taehyung replies instead, occupying his hands so he doesn’t fret over how wane Jeongguk looks even with the smile and the stars in his eyes. How his hair falls flak.“What lies,” Jeongguk fires back, sitting at the stool of the workstation, legs swinging back and forth. His lips curl into a pout. “I’m sure you got all lonely out there, having no one to share your delicious stew with, hmm?”Against his wishes, blood rushes upward Taehyung’s cheeks. He’s thankful Jeongguk can’t look at him, but he can see the evidence, the twin pools of red in the reflection of the basin he’s washing his hands in. It should anger him- but there’s nothing to show for it. His magic pulses faintly inside, warm and content.He runs a finger through the image, never having liked his face so close. He wrings his hands dry and turns around, raising an eyebrow. “All you humans are so cocky, aren’t you?”Jeongguk merely shrugs, grin teasing around the edges of his mouth, pink and tender. Taehyung looks away, picking apart the sprigs he needs for today’s potions. “If only you would open your eyes, Taehyung. You’d never shut them again.”Taehyung is glad for his robe, covering the slight shudders running through him at the way Jeongguk says his name. It’s surreal, hearing his name said back at him, and with such tenderness even if Jeongguk is teasing. Which is good, he concludes, watching Jeongguk coming back to his chipper, exasperating self as he plays with Taehyung’s tools and offers aid again, polite and respectful.His uneasiness was all a trick of his mind and magic, he justifies, the overwhelming inference of his overriding thoughts. Jeongguk was processing the news well if Taehyung went by the banter and the return to his obvious tongue-in-cheek remarks, and perhaps over time, the two of them would form a system and learn to bear with each other. He smiles at Jeongguk, small and hesitant, and is pleased when the other smiles back, eyes crinkling from the force of it. He dutifully takes the offered tools and gets set, and Taehyung-He knows he shouldn’t feel all this. He shouldn’t care about such insignificant things or worry over the boy’s health because Jeongguk can take care of himself well. He knows it, but he still slips in a bowl of stew, reheated over a small flame. Pleasure- from muted elation- fills his veins as he sees Jeongguk dig into the food even as a part of him wails against this new hope, but living on this island had anyway been treacherous so why not add a little mindless entertainment to it?It doesn’t seem mindless, however, when he reaches to take the empty bowl and his hands brush against Jeongguk’s- who freezes, as Taehyung does, a rush of warmth travelling through. Taehyung pulls back swiftly, but it is Jeongguk’s cheeks that turn red as ripe apples, stark even with his golden tan. He mutters an apology, banter lost in the momentum.Yes, it doesn’t seem mindless at all. || For as long as he has lived, Taehyung has been cursed with a good memory. There are certain hazes, one that was stolen by magic perhaps or his own relentless need to forget, but Taehyung has lived long enough to catalogue his experiences. Little fazes him now, and what interferes is vanquished immediately.But there he is, awake once more as the moon walks across the night, the memory playing over. A brief, muted touch but potent enough that he still feels the warmth hours later. It’s not even odd, Taehyung chastises himself because he’s touched Jeongguk and tended to him, healed him from the worst of scrapes. He knows the roughness of the boy’s skin, the scars stark white and weathered through enough to spell the story of his youth as a sailor. Knows the blood flowing underneath is as human as they come. Taehyung’s never cared for it, found it amusing how a small cut could bleed so much but here he is, wondering over a brief accident.Frustration coats the chaos in his mind, his magic fretting with him at the unseen threat he seems to be facing. There is none; Taehyung is but a fool for creating the monsters in his head. For seeking more than he should, for being curious and wondering when it had brought him nothing but sorrow. A damned fool.And yet.He gives up when the tide is high and he can hear the roar of the sea closer than before. He slips out of his bed, sheets falling behind and puts on his robe, though he needs no shield from the cold draft wailing in. His magic is restless, bubbling beneath the surface and aching to be released. Taehyung rubs his eyes, sighing out loud in the quiet of the room. What a pest.He takes out one of his spell books, lighting a candle with a click and glancing through the assorted spells, some long and some short, the notes on the side in his spiky handwriting in the language of his home from when he had first come with nothing but a chest of sparse belongings and his magic violently tumbling around. The care and love he had poured into teaching himself- he briefly runs a hand over the words, the parchment yellow with age.Taehyung has lived a long time- and has mastered his specific type of magic in all that while, through pain, trial and error, through blood, sweat, and tears. His grandmother used to tell him, however, when he was a fledgeling and without magic, a flaw in the eyes of his family, that no matter how long, the practice was what kept the skill alive. Let a gift rest too long and it would rust inside, a poison more than cure. Even when he had mastered the art and gone further than the most gifted of his teachers, he had held on to this guidance, the most valuable thing she had ever given.His eyes set on a complicated truth serum, one that he favoured more than his more gruesome methods of unveiling the facts. He’d sometimes used it on his captives when he felt merciful enough to keep them alive and play to cure his boredom. Pirates tended to lie, tongues twisted from birth, and merchants would promise him gold and the like if Taehyung let them go- desperate sayings but lies all the same. He didn’t make it often, and he hadn’t after the last time he had used it- when, he could not recall.He takes out the tools and ties the robe around, unlocking his door and slipping out, snapping his fingers once more to create a shield against the strong sea breeze. He burrows himself into the collars of his robe, making the quick stroll to his garden to retrieve the herb he needs. As Taehyung nears, soft snores echo and he slows, pausing to pay attention to the lull of it, the small gasps of breaths that Jeongguk apparently makes when he’s sleeping.Curious, he veers from his path to come upon the enclosure of boulders that he knows Jeongguk slumbers in and has been since the start. The boy is flat on the white sand, one leg curled up and the other straight, one arm thrown carelessly while the other rests on his belly, accentuated by the slow inhales and exhales Jeongguk takes. He’s used some of his old linen to make a bedspread of sorts, to stop the grains from digging into the soft of his back. It’s an impressive display of human ingenuity that Taehyung, whether he likes it or not, has always admired.Taehyung smiles involuntarily as he watches the frowns on Jeongguk’s face smooth, the marks of staying alive, resting. His magic that had been in a frenzy up until that moment settles, sated in watching a human boy enjoy his human sleep.That’s when the peace breaks.Suddenly, Jeongguk’s face scrunches, a frown marring his face and his eyes rapidly moving behind his eyelids. His snores and presumably peaceful sleep is broken by whines and whimpers, face crunching into one of intense pain and something that Taehyung could only name as deep sorrow. Jeongguk curls further into himself and though Taehyung wants to reason it’s the cold of the open seas, he knows what a nightmare looks like.His magic also keens inside, but Taehyung can only watch as Jeongguk moves around restlessly, eyelids fluttering and mouth bitten in crushing despair before his distress gives way to words and the whimpers no longer suffice.“I’m sorry, I’m so, so sorry, Jimin-ah,” Jeongguk whimpers, hands clasped tight between his knees and shoulder curled in enough to show his wish to vanish. Taehyung gulps, nails cutting into his palms. “Yoongi, Seokjin- mother. I failed you, I broke my promise.”Words, Taehyung knows, are the greatest weapon for they pierce the sharpest, better than any tool ever could. He covers his own mouth, hoping against hope that he doesn’t give himself away and Jeongguk doesn’t wake up, but the boy seems in so much pain, tears spilling out of shaking eyes even as he mutters something intangible.He had fooled himself into thinking the boy could ever truly be happy in this abyss with him.Jeongguk grumbles again and then“I’m alive but you probably think me dead!” Jeongguk turns over, limbs trembling. His hands come up in prayer. “Please don’t. Please, I’m alive; believe me, I’m alive. Jimin, please-”A broken sob escapes his mouth- his magic, unable to keep itself in- and Taehyung stumbles back, away from Jeongguk’s line of vision even as Jeongguk’s eyes snap open, blinking rapidly and shaking away, trails of sand dropping off his linen. He stares all around, sleep leaving his body and stares at the sand he lays on, the crashing of the ocean waves- and closes his eyes with a shuddering breath as his reality settles once more. Taehyung sees the tears fall even as Jeongguk bows his head down into his palms, and the ache is sharp, so piercing that he nearly gasps out loud again, slapping a hand over his mouth to keep it in.Why does it hurt? His chest throbs, that familiar pain a friend once more as it travels up and down, harsh enough to send him reeling. He tightens his fist and bites his cheek strong enough to taste the metallic of blood, a needed distraction from his own dizzy spell. He watches as Jeongguk lets out a sob, two, before the sailor tightens his own fist and breathes slow and deep, hollows of air coming out.Jeongguk then dusts off the sand and strolls to a nearby boulder, but for Taehyung- it’s all too much. He abandons his earlier quest and marches away as fast and silently as possible, shuddering against the door when he makes it last inside. His magic is all over, out of its cocoon and over him like a blanket, soothing and heavy. It does not rebuke but gently rubs a hand down.
  Do you see it now? What you feel as opposed to what you do?
In the safety of his home, Taehyung breaks down himself.~
  
    Chapter Text
     /Twelve/ Cold tickles up his spine the longer he remains on the floor of the cottage.It’s gradual, an ascending spider walk. Taehyung shivers, though he is not a slave to such human sensations. He lays on his side till it’s numb, and his magic envelops him like a wool blanket in the winter storm.Comforting. Warm. Yet unable to get rid of the cold he has lulled himself into.Tears dry on his face even as a stronger shudder wakes him at last. Taehyung sits up, eyes swollen and head pounding, sporadic vines of pain unfurling throughout his chest. He places an arm on his skin and begs for release, for peace, for- for momentary detachment, just so he can breathe.Do you see it now? His magic whispers, incessant and uncaring of his need. What you must do and what you have done?Taehyung curses, head tipping back against the wood of the cottage door. Leave me alone. Let me be.But surely you can’t rest like this.Tears leak out some more out of his already tired eyes. Taehyung stumbles as he gets up off the floor, striding towards the cocoon of his bed and aches to bury into the comforting sheets. A few more strides, just push his body a little bit more-
  I’m sorry, Jimin-ah, I broke my promise-
His bed was right there, outlined prettily by the cold moon-
  I promise I am not dead, I didn’t die, I promise-
Taehyung was so close, he could feel the softness of satin against the heat of his outstretched palm-Jeongguk’s sobs cast through his mind, the image of his breaking down into the sand burning away into the soft flesh- the sheets, so close and so soft, all he had to do was close his eyes and will them away-
  Do you see do you see do you see-
Taehyung breaks just as soon as his body tips forwards into the bed.He doesn’t cry. His eyes are too dry to weep any more, but he heaves, the ache in his chest rising steadily even as he presses into his sheets, claws at them so he can burrow his way in and remove what he saw tonight. For he sees all right. He sees exactly what his magic has been urging him to do for so long, and he had been wilfully blind. The content he had dug his feet into so he could live one more lie amongst the many he had carved.What a fool Taehyung had been, to think Jeongguk was ever happy here. To believe the bright smiles, the cheekiness, the stars in his eyes and- and the way he spilled, ink across a parchment, sturdy and bold and strong. An utter fool, to believe that just because he had shrouded himself in his sweet deceptions, so would Jeongguk. But why would he when he had a loving family from wherever he had come? Family and friends who would miss, perhaps still do, who ache for him. After all, Jeongguk wasn’t like Taehyung, wasn’t friendless and feared and detested, and wasn’t deemed a menace or a burden. He was loved, even revered.Taehyung couldn’t even come close to that.Jeongguk had promised his friend- his Jimin- that he would- what? Kill Taehyung? Steal from him and escape? Come back and make merry? Why would a boy know about Taehyung’s island or the sinister secrets it held? Who in their right mind would ever know, when Taehyung himself had hidden it away?He’s a selfish man to the core, and the knowledge is a bucket of ice chucked at his face.He clutches at the sheets beneath tight enough as another wave of pain overcomes him. The truth is- Taehyung was lonely. Alone and adrift, shunned by his people and banished to a land that had no name, to linger for eons and eons- as much as he had convinced himself that he was better off this way and that he didn’t need others or their pesky presence- it was a lie. Perhaps the biggest of them all, and facing it now ached in all the wrong ways.His magic had been coaxing him to look beyond that illusion, beyond what he received from Jeongguk’s presence for a while now. Incessant, like a fly chasing a hot meal, yet Taehyung had slapped them away, burying it in favour of hearing one more of Jeongguk’s little anecdotes. But really, what he’d been doing was avoiding possibilities and refusing to look for even a way out, even when he brazenly wished for Jeongguk to be reunited with the people he spoke so fondly of, something Taehyung would never, ever know or experience. He had wished that, but dismissed it as idiocy, not only because he didn’t care enough for Jeongguk- the Mother knew he didn’t know what caring for another, that too a human, meant- or abiding by the rules of the island placed by an old decree- but because deep down, in the depths of his soul he-He didn’t want Jeongguk to leave, even if a way were possible.A sob chokes out of him briefly before he bites his lip. What a selfish, rotten man. The same rotten part that had been grateful that the island’s magic would keep Jeongguk with Taehyung forever, a disgusting part as slick as oil refusing to leave his innards, but it's there, all the same, feeding his shame and guilt but also, the small seed of hope.It’s the very thing that had ruined everything for him, wasn’t it? Greed and secrecy had feasted upon him and he had let them, giving in to their promises and taken everything upon himself until it blew back in his face. And look where he is now: a prisoner on an island he could never leave. Taehyung was still the same. Still the same naïve and hopeful boy who had learnt nothing from his banishment.He lays until the early hours of dawn, the sky outside his window a yellowing blue. Peaceful, as life on the island had always been- a lie painted as bright as the oncoming sun. It is a haven, if Taehyung forgets Jeongguk’s presence and how it had shifted the ground where he stood. But the boy’s smiles, his ache for his homeland are much too vivid for Taehyung to go back. Jeongguk’s cries echo in a dull throb around his head in a way that his body has never.He doesn’t know why Jeongguk, who was supposed to be an ordinary human and unremarkable, as filthy as the rest of his kind- is upsetting him so much. Not only now, but ever since the moment he had shown up and refused to beg, defiance burning in his eyes where others only saw Taehyung with fear or lust, and later had shown kindness and curiosity when he had asked Taehyung for his name, or about his life from before. Jeongguk had stepped into Taehyung’s path and now, he had nowhere to go without the human haunting him, and it was so achingly familiar yet not, how was Taehyung supposed to-Maybe that’s when it all started, and now it had become this- this impression he had no name for but felt with each throb of pain that had been budding stronger and more frequent day by day. When the nth attempt to lay and catch his breath fails, Taehyung gives up and instead, gazes at his gossamer sheets above. For once, his magic does not trash within him as it had been, clearly having reached a conclusion much faster than Taehyung’s mind could. Just think. Just understand. To answer his magic’s frantic pleas: of course, he could see it.Something Taehyung was infinitely familiar with, despite having lived most of his life on the island flung away from the eyes of civilisation, was the notion of choices. It had been drilled into his head not by his teachers of magic, who had only ever been concerned with unleashing the kernel of power within them all- but by his grandmother, ancient as she had been, a veteran in the arts. The most revered in their kingdom, even by the king, who accepted that she had been blessed by the Mother- his grandmother had taught him, when he had been kicked to the corner to lick his leaking wounds, about choices. Everything we see, feel and do, Taehyung, is a choice. Nothing else is in your power except how you choose to deal with the cards dealt to you.Magic, at its core, wasn’t about power or how much of it ran deep in his blood, some days over spilling into his crevices and out of them. It wasn’t good or bad but rather, a tool. One could use this tool to cause harm to others or use it to flourish.Taehyung clearly had chosen the former.It wasn’t something he felt bad about. The cards he had been dealt were hardly ever fair, so why shouldn’t he pay blood with blood? Why shouldn’t he take what was rightfully his, and protect himself on his land? He had every right in his life to make these choices, and regret was far from his mind.The choice was present in front of him even now- Taehyung could keep going as he did and had, and pretend he had never seen Jeongguk bleeding all over, unable to hold the pieces of his soul. They could go on about this new rhythm they had created, and build a new life. A life where Taehyung would wake up and not feel the lump of dread in his throat before anger swiftly swayed him. A life where he could keep an ear out for the familiar knock and open his door to an accustomed smile, brighter than the sun. An existence where the island seemed greener, the oceans calmer and his own self settled beyond the haze of anger and sorrow he had festered in so far.Taehyung could do that. No- Taehyung wanted to do that. How easy it would be, to forget, even cursed as he was with his impaling memories. To have never known that behind those smiles was a broken boy chafed by his own sorrows. To simply keep to himself and take the little he got from Jeongguk, and carry on. It would be nothing at all.But Taehyung had seen Jeongguk’s eyes and the way they shone in the dark flame, the smile on his lips as he talked about Jimin and Seokjin and his mother, and had wished to send him back. Foolish as it was, but Taehyung had ached to have a way for Jeongguk, just so he wouldn’t be in pain anymore.
  Do you see? Do you see now?
Taehyung presses his palms into his eyes, feels the heat behind them burst through the collected wetness, and he can see, even though a part of him aches to be blind once more.He won’t let his selfish desires tie down a soul until it too went mad and left Taehyung-again. Through freedom, yes, but never through desperation. Never to the point that there was no way out but madness. Taehyung wouldn’t let that happen.Just this once he would take a chance and let his trust guide him. || Come morning, and Taehyung saunters out, pail in hand and a washcloth in the other. The sun treads steadily across the white sand as he makes his way through the path, pausing to brush against his green ones before continuing. In the alcove close by he spots Jeongguk, sitting by his lonesome self and gazing out at sea.Taehyung halts behind and studies him quietly. Does the boy ache for what’s beyond the sea? Does he wish he could leave? He had seen Jeongguk break as he had been expecting, and it had pierced him worse than anything he had thought would happen. Seeing Jeongguk so stoic and silent is somehow worse.He doesn’t announce his presence, opting to stand next to Jeongguk and placing the bucket down. When Jeongguk startles, Taehyung is suddenly taken aback by how young the sailor is. His eyes are as big as a doe’s, perpetually stained with starburst, and dark. His black hair stands out against the tan of his skin, which is now a burnt gold as compared to the light one he had been sporting when Jeongguk had first arrived, and longer, falling over his eyes and curling behind his ears. It still looks soft to touch despite the coarse saltwater making its way through the fresh Taehyung provides him with. His lips are pink and plump, their dryness is long gone with the moisture from the island entrapping them all.Taehyung doesn’t lie. He has lied to himself several times over and convinces himself to live in a delusion, but he doesn’t lie. He hides and omits, as most of his brethren do. He could lie, something his brethren can’t but he can due to his dissimilarities, the very differences that had him banished here, so to speak.  If someone were to ask him if he thought Jeongguk was beautiful, then Taehyung would admit it in a moment. Not as a human, though the Fae were a different species altogether, but as a being: the sailor was beautiful. He had a certain boyish charm that worked well, and Taehyung could imagine…several people after the boy for more than innocent reasons, perhaps.His cheeks warm at the notion and he clears his throat, nudging a toe towards the bucket. Jeongguk breaks out of his own surprise and presents Taehyung with a soft smile, not a mark of his distress on his being. It’s surprising for Taehyung, for Jeongguk is an open book, bared for all. The boy could hide nothing, and yet…“Water and a washcloth. To clean yourself,” Taehyung says. The water is transformed saltwater, one of the simplest transformations he had first mastered. “When you are done, there will be linen outside the alcove. You can burn the ones you’re wearing now.”Jeongguk stands then, and like this- he’s taller and heavier than Taehyung’s slim self. He’s not too tall, but his muscles- far less compared to when he had first washed up when they had been positively straining under his tunic- make his shoulder broad and his neck thicker. He accepts the pail and washcloth and gives a small smile that makes a dimple pop out. Taehyung’s magic coos, warming him from inside his robes at how innocent and simple Jeongguk seems, even though he now knows what a façade it all is.The boy is nowhere close to fine, and it hurts to see him with his smile on.“Thank you, Taehyung,” Jeongguk says. He lifts the bucket with ease, forearm straining in a way that makes veins blue as the sky stand out. Taehyung moves his gaze. “Will the clothes be right outside?”“Yes, on the tree branch. It hangs inward into the alcove.” Taehyung then frowns, recalling how his prisoners would often stink, captured as they were for days at a time huddled together, sometimes in their own piss and shit. Not that Jeongguk smelled rank. The sailor was quite clean, but Taehyung recalled something that accompanied washing. “Don’t your people use something to- to wash?”Jeongguk frowns before his eyes light up. “Oh, do you mean soap?”Soap, Taehyung says in his mind, not enjoying how strange it sounds. His people would mostly rely on their own natural scent and magic to clean themselves, and sometimes they didn’t need it, not the way humans did. But Taehyung had learnt from-He stamps down on the thought and smiles at Jeongguk, nodding. “Yes, s-soap. What is it?”Jeongguk doesn’t seem fazed anymore with Taehyung lack of knowledge about human practices. He instead places the washcloth on one shoulder. “Hmm, it’s a- it’s a bar of, well, certain materials that I’m not sure about infused with some scents that becomes like a cleaning agent. It creates this- this lather, and you use that to clean the crevices of your body where sweat and dirt collects.”Taehyung nods, getting a fair idea. He thinks he’s seen it amongst his collected treasures but as always, hadn’t known the word. Closing his eyes, he throws out a tracking charm towards his cottage and his magic probes around, before identifying the thing he wants. The next moment, a pale yellow bar appears in his hand and he gives it out to Jeongguk, whose eyes bug out. “Here you go.”Jeongguk only stares. “Did you- did you just summon soap?”Taehyung frowns, unsure of what the issue is. “Yes. How else were you supposed to get it?”“No, I mean- I mean, did you just conjure a soap-bar out of thin air?”Taehyung finally understands. Jeongguk probably thought he’d made it in air, and though Taehyung does have that skill as well, it’s one that is incredibly draining. Not that Jeongguk should know. “No. I happened to have it inside the cottage and simply channelled my magic to seek it out.”Jeongguk’s mouth once again falls into an ‘o’, which only serves to show how boyish he is. “I- I see. That seems like a good skill to have,” he says softly, scratching the back of his neck. Taehyung shrugs. After a point, all powers blurred into one. This was just one amongst many.“When you have lived as long as I have, nothing seems grand anymore,” Taehyung lets slip. Jeongguk’s eyes flash to his for a moment, something like concern and confusion dancing in them before he schools them into neutrality, giving Taehyung a bland smile.“Well- thank you for thinking so much. I appreciate it,” he says simply, a bright smile on his face before he saunters off, whistling under his breath. Unknown to him, Taehyung is still able to see when Jeongguk thinks he’s out of his view of line and his shoulders drop as if a heavy weight had landed on them. His whistling halts and for a moment, Jeongguk shudders briefly against the tree his clothes hang on as if last night’s nightmare had carried over into a new day.Taehyung turns around, guilt churning in the pit of his stomach and resolves to find a way. To make sure Jeongguk’s smile is as real as the sun. || Magic’s greatest learning wasn’t how to wield it but rather, to understand and imbibe its core rule: to take was to give, to win was to lose and so on. Balance, Taehyung’s grandmother had often driven into his skull when he would stay behind in her home while the other children would play. Order must be maintained or else the world would fail, she would say while Taehyung was entranced with whatever she was working on. He had been young, a brazen fool and never cared for these lessons of her, something he had come to regret deeply since.It was knowledge he didn’t like knowing. Magic had loopholes and it took a master to learn how the loops formed, and where the openings were. Despite his vast knowledge of it, Taehyung was still puny in front of the might of it. His grandmother had come close- blessed as she had been by the Mother. Perhaps that is why the people of his kingdom couldn’t believe someone like him was her grandson.How wrong they would be now if they were to see Taehyung from wherever they had passed.Taehyung had nothing and no one when he sought to learn magic from its roots, and he was his grandmother’s grandson, no matter how much his kingdom or parents had said otherwise. Her blood ran in his veins and it showed, in the bountiful nature of the island, the abundance luring hapless sailors in. Taehyung had thrived where he was meant to remain as barren as the elders had wanted, and he would triumph once more in sending Jeongguk back to wherever he came from.Even if the island’s magic were ancient, it still came from the eternal source that Taehyung borrowed from as well. And if Magic had loopholes then surely there was a way around the bounds of the island. There had to be. Nothing is permanent, Taehyung-ah, his grandmother had whispered in his ears once. There is a way, always. Know that in your heart. Taehyung doesn’t quite remember the day he himself had woken up on the shores of this land, or how alone he had been, how raw his voice had run screaming for the presence of anyone or anything. He perhaps shared that experience with Jeongguk, except there had been no shelter or trees, just coarse, blistering sand underneath his feet and nothing but the azure blue seas for as far as his eyes could reach. Only sputters of magic ran beneath his skin and its echo was so faint, Taehyung felt it had died. He had clawed his way through the island, his only possessions being the clothes on his back and two wooden crates by his side. He had scoured the island in its entirety before coming across the borders he couldn’t cross, no matter how much he slammed against them.He didn’t remember his time well, but he can still feel the cold trickle of comprehension crawling up his skin, the knowledge that he was trapped- no, banished to the middle of nowhere, mind and spirit broken beyond repair.He had understood his fate crystal clear that very night, as he sat on the sand and glared into the empty air, hoping that it would burn an escape into the wall he could see. His heart and soul burned just as deep, old wounds yet to evaporate- but he had understood, and stopped trying. Each moment he felt the barrier against his fingertips had been a moment he had burned into his depth and turned his desperation and fear into vengefulness and hatred, into one single, cold resolve: he would survive, and thrive. He would protect himself so formidably no one would ever dare cross paths or lines with him again.Taehyung had kept that promise and poured everything into making this island, this prison, into his home and haven. He was not a prisoner but the owner; he was not helpless but a legend, a myth to be feared and revered. He was the terror the sailors and pirates would woe crossing until their last breath. Taehyung would never leave, and he never wanted to leave.Until now, that is- not for himself, but for Jeongguk, who deserved to live away from a slice carved out of vengeance and pain.Taehyung had learnt of the island’s challenging confines as soon as the first human had landed. It had taken ages- so inward he had driven himself that he had forgotten of a life he once had, of the ways he had been banished. He had resurfaced when time had lost its meaning and then created the sirens from his own blood-his creatures, the lovely ones. He had never intended for a human to approach- he never wanted them near him ever again, but the sirens thirsted for blood and they sang woefully. He couldn’t recall the human’s face any more, but he remembered pushing him away when he lunged at Taehyung and watching the man stumble backwards, only to hit the invisible barrier around the island. He had known then that the island was a prison for all that came to it- before he proceeded to swiftly end the man for daring to lay a hand on Taehyung.Taehyung had poured everything into destroying all that crossed him rather than create something. It didn’t matter, for creation had only led to all this misery. He was content in living by himself and making sure no one stole his peace; he had succeeded thus far with the goal. But it was different now; how, he couldn’t quite explain, except the itch to get Jeongguk back home was driving him and his magic mad.He allows Jeongguk to aid him in the most menial tasks- anything to keep the boy distracted and away from his own lingering desolation. They tan more hides. They plant more herbs or pick off more petals for perfumes or paints; he destroys a part of his shed so Jeongguk has a reason to climb and fix his roof for him. It’s alarming, how fond Taehyung is when Jeongguk excitedly offers to fix, claiming himself to be something of a natural in it. I did it all the time for my mother, he says even as he swings upward, arms straining, eyes alight with joy. What an odd boy, a rare spell in the most used of spellbooks. Taehyung assigns him chores and then- seeks out a way in between.He keeps up with Jeongguk’s façade over the days and keeps him occupied long enough to thread through his vast reserves of books and such, his own parchments of experiments both failed and successful, dust littered on them. It’s perhaps his most treasured collection, one hidden away from prying eyes and greedy mouths. They’re all kept in a compartment under a loose tile, deep enough to store them all.Today, Taehyung unearths one more tile and digs deeper, the musty smell of parchments lingering about his nostrils. He doesn’t need a strong flame to light the way, his Fae vision powerful enough to see through the dark. Here in his secret storage are secrets humans would kill to lay their hands on. Not even humans, but Fae themselves, if they were to ever arrive upon this land. Which they never had. Taehyung assumes the news of his banishment must have served as a reminder and anyone with the slightest inkling of magic would know not to step foot on cursed land. Or mingle with someone as cursed as Taehyung.He’s about to remove a set of parchments when he hears a soft curse followed by a crash, and he hastily removes himself from the scene, clicking his fingers to briefly create an illusion of unity. He arrives to find Jeongguk hopping on one leg while holding his other foot, face scrunched in pain.“What happened?” He asks, hoping it doesn’t show on his face that he was up to something.“Nothing, just- hit my foot into this mortar,” Jeongguk wheezes out, face red. “It is- sturdier than I expected.”“Oh.” Taehyung looks at the criminal in question and his eyes land on the mortar made of granite that he keeps for some of his bigger potions. It is located further from the area Jeongguk is usually allowed to roam in, but he’d let it go this one time. “It is made of granite. Is your foot alright?”“Healthy as a horse,” Jeongguk tries, but clearly he’s still in pain if the slight limp he adopts when he puts his foot down is any indication. It is amusing, to say the least. “You needn’t worry.”“I wouldn’t if I knew what a horse was,” Taehyung replies. He thinks he has an idea, from all the literature he’s read from the books of human wreckages but- it’s always a pleasure to appear so clueless in front of Jeongguk and have him explain the simplest things. “Is it some animal that doesn’t fall sick?”Jeongguk leans casually against the table, keeping weight off his foot. “It works best if it is healthy. It aids a lot in carrying heavy weights and messages, and runs quite fast. A sick horse is a dead horse.”Meaning it will be put down if it doesn’t live up to what it’s needed for, is what Jeongguk implies, and Taehyung understands that even if it hits a little too close to home. A hazy flash of being told how useless he was without magic colours the edges of his mind, but he reels it back in. “I am glad you’re a healthy one, then.”Jeongguk offers a soft smile before peering around Taehyung. “What were you doing back there?” Taehyung stiffens, but Jeongguk’s tone is the usual one of curiosity and betrays nothing. He unclenches his hand and falls into the façade with him.“Ah, it’s nothing that concerns you. A precious element had fallen and I was searching for it, that’s all.”Jeongguk gazes a moment too long before shrugging, believing Taehyung. Taehyung lets out a breath, grateful that Jeongguk isn’t suspicious when he wants to be. He plays with the ends of his robe, wondering when next he could look for a solution- but Jeongguk solves the dilemma for him, standing up straight.“Well, some of the hay needs to be tightened so I’ll get back to that.” He fiddles with his fingers before gazing upwards to look at Taehyung, biting his lip in hesitation. “If you need any help at all- just call my name, alright?”Taehyung nods. Jeongguk sounds earnest- as if he’s scared that Taehyung would stop needing him and he’d be left all alone with his thoughts perhaps, no purpose in life- and Taehyung could do that, but he won’t, for he knows how frightening existence is without something to exist for. It is his greatest nightmare.He hopes he can find something to prevent it from being Jeongguk’s horror as well. || Taehyung takes care to avoid any possible accidents where Jeongguk happens upon him searching for something related to the island over the next couple of sun turns, and places a few silent spells that would alert him if Jeongguk were to search for him once again. It doesn’t happen again, however- almost as if Jeongguk had known that Taehyung was engaged in something that didn’t require his presence. Which is ridiculous, for Jeongguk isn’t a magical being. He can’t read Taehyung’s mind or sense the magic thrumming around the island air; he’s as mortal as they come.Still, it’s a niggling doubt at the back of Taehyung’s mind that though Jeongguk may not have magical powers, he was quite the gifted human with his powers of perception.Hiding his task from Jeongguk isn’t hard, but it is time consuming- for Jeongguk isn’t as content in working alone as Taehyung is eager in having any amount of time to himself. Not because he dislikes Jeongguk’s company- as far as human company goes, and perhaps beyond, Jeongguk has been amiable and even more so far. Taehyung quite enjoys it, for he doesn’t hurry Jeongguk or halt him when he gets talking about a variety of things, mostly about his home that Taehyung can only listen to with fondness. The issue with that is how much time Jeongguk takes up and how little Taehyung is left with to carry out his clandestine searches.“Where do you rush off to each night?” Jeongguk inquires, just as Taehyung scoops in the last of his meat and hurries to carry the bowls. Jeongguk finished much earlier but stayed, silence interspersed with tales of the Academy education he had received. Taehyung had gotten lost long enough to let his stew run cold. “Not tired of me, are you?”Jeongguk has a sly grin on his face as he says so and against all odds, Taehyung finds his face heating. “Your questions have grown on me, so no. Not tired.”“How heart-warming,” Jeongguk says, a hand placed over his chest in mock gratitude. In the flame of the candle, his face glows golden, a wretched sort of handsome. “I always wanted to hear that.”Taehyung shouldn’t bite into the bait but he does, because it’s just him and Jeongguk in this vacuum and he can entertain the other a little while longer, just until he finds the answer. There has to be one. “Hear what?”“How my curiosity is pleasing to bear,” Jeongguk teases, leaning forward, face held by a fist. Like this, his hair falls over his eye, and it’s gotten shaggier and curls slightly at the ends, but in no way disputes the beauty of the boy. “I wish my Academy teachers could see this moment.”Taehyung rolls his eyes then, deeming the time sufficient enough not to perk up the same curiosity that Jeongguk thought he was praising. Which he wasn’t, no, but it wasn’t the worst quality to have. “Your curiosity may be pleasing but your acting is not. Good night.”He makes to leave then, only to pause when he feels a tug at his robe. He turns to find Jeongguk leaning across the table, half off his feet, something earnest in his eyes. Earnest-and scared. “You promise? I’m not bothering you too much, am I?”Taehyung looks at the hand pinching the edges of his robe so fearlessly where once they trembled, follows the arm till the neck and the face of a sailor who had moved the ground under Taehyung’s feet as smoothly as ocean waves streaking across wet sand- and it’s nervous, too large teeth biting into the plump bottom of his lip harshly enough that Taehyung reaches out and frees them with his finger- a momentary lapse in judgement.“Don’t bite your lip like that, or it’ll never heal,” is all Taehyung says once the beat of silence drops and Jeongguk’s eyes are locked on his. “And no, Jeongguk- you are not troubling me. I happen to have a small task of my own and I have dedicated myself to it, so I’m leaving earlier.” The explanation should be enough. Not the truth but not a lie either. “Does that suffice your curiosity?”Jeongguk let’s go of his robe then, and for a moment he wishes to mourn but keeps a blank face, hoping the dark of night would hide the pink of warmth on his cheeks. He nods, a little muted but Taehyung retreats before the boy keeps him around any longer. Why he feels a rush, he doesn’t know, but the lesser he steps into the whirlpool named Jeongguk, the better off he would be.He can’t help but glance back when he’s at his door, and finds Jeongguk briefly touching his lips and bite into it once more.  Once inside, Taehyung sets about placing his spells, getting his bed ready so he can simply crash into it and face the morning again. With a few snaps his fingers, the area with the loose floorboards is free of clutter.One by one, Taehyung removes each tile and uncovers the catacomb beneath. In the low flame of the candle, he can see swathes of rolled parchments or bounded books sitting in neat piles collecting dust. He’s run through them over the past few days in between free moments stolen from Jeongguk and skips over them as he digs deeper. The parchments turn out older and older, brittle and yellow with age the further Taehyung reaches, some of his spells faded with how old they are. They show nothing about the island, as if the Taehyung of before had simply given up and only concerned himself with his life here- what a fool. A good Fae would have covered all grounds.He picks off more of the tiles and before diving into them, unleashes a spurn of magic towards Jeongguk- where it informs him of the boy sleeping away soundly, in his little alcove under the hide Taehyung had him make. Warmth beads the message and Taehyung’s worry is satiated.Which means he can plunge right into this partition and take his time with it.The Fae don’t necessarily face exhaustion the way a human understands it. He knows his own weariness is tied to the source of his magic and how it runs out with use over time, and Taehyung had always been different from the regular Fae- his pit runs nearly bottomless. It had its moments, and those had been terrible moments- but Taehyung didn’t tire easily as much as his mind begged to be released from the confines of his chores. This fruitless sort of search was one of them, and it wasn’t too long before his body began protesting and his magic began to push back.
  Let it be, there’s no way out-

  No, he must continue! He cannot stop now.
Taehyung is weary of these warring forces deep inside.The light and his eyes finally land on a small crate pushed deep behind another one- which he would have nearly missed- and he halts, keeping the voices inside at bay as he reaches toward it. Right next to it is another similar crate, just as small and lathered in dust that tickles Taehyung’s nose as he brings it out. Streaks of it make their way onto his robes, and his hands are sooty with it.He recognises them immediately- the very first of his sparse belongings graciously given to him by the elders. It is cracked in several places and is barely holding on, but it holds the shape of a crate and in it are- some more of Taehyung’s belongings.Some of his grandmother’s as well.Taehyung sets aside the candle and sits by the floor, taking out each object placed within. He had used all that had to be used back then and there are only trinkets, useless pieces that he has kept perhaps for some forgotten sentimental value. There’s one large volume at the very bottom which carries the first of his handwritten notes in his language- he finds himself both nostalgic and hateful looking at the still familiar curls and box like shape to the words. The ink is pierced into the bounded book and hasn’t faded in the least, but Taehyung abhors it- hates the reminder of his people and his life, of which he recalls only the bare flashes.Still, he gulps down the rage and sorrow, and looks at each page. Perhaps his initial notes might have been about the island and seeing them now, after so much experience and knowledge, would refresh his mind and resolve. There has to be something, surely, or else Taehyung would have failed-Page after page yields nothing. It takes its own sweet time- Taehyung hasn’t read some of these spells that are etched into his mind and flesh, in ages, and some of the pages have faded with age whilst others are barely hanging on. A couple of his pages are nearly unreadable with how he’s filled the columns with notes upon notes, perhaps his corrections when practice after practice went awry. But each page, until the very end, shows nothing- his spell books, which were his only hope, have nothing and the crate is useless too, just as Taehyung is for failing once more, for failing at something he was supposed to be the unsurpassed at.Frustrated, he chucks the book into the crate, much harsher than he should be treating such an old manuscript. A cloud of dust bursts out and Taehyung coughs, into the crook of his elbow while he holds desperately into the edge of the crate. And in doing so- shifts the base of it and sees a piece of wood weaken, lifted from the base in a way that’s deliberate and not due to weakness or wear and tear. With bated breath, Taehyung removes the books once more and sifts around the bottom of the crate, pressing around and hissing when his skin is pierced with loose splinters, until he finds the ledge of the wood and frees it, revealing an edge of a scroll tucked into it.Taehyung holds his breath for an eternity as he is faced with the scroll he had no idea, not a single one over the time he has been trapped here, existed. His hands shake as he nearly tears the crate apart to free it, and gasps when upon going through it, he realises what he’s seeing- the details on the island, written in the hasty and spiky handwriting of his grandmother.Clearly, she had been in a hurry, perhaps had shoved it in out of sight, waiting for Taehyung to come across while he was being banished. And Taehyung never had, all this while. What a damned fool.It’s a sheaf of parchment paper that has maintained its shape- Taehyung’s magic can taste the spell his grandmother must have placed in order to preserve it, and it tastes familiar- heavy but warm, a little bitter from the dark tinge of it, the same tinge that runs in his veins and no one else’s. His blood sings in response, a litany of home home home rising about, but Taehyung pushes away that taste of warmth for what he has in his palms right now.The beginning of it has a short, almost illegible note addressed to him:  
  
    Taehyung-ah,
  
  
    There is not much time. I write this in fear of what I suspect they have in mind for you- they have kept me out, the bastards, for them deem me biased. But if what I suspect is true, then I can aid you some more. 
  
  
    You may find this amongst your belongings and wonder why. I could receive death for this, but how can I let my breath of winter air suffer? I know of the punishment they are planning, and I’m sorry, little one, that I cannot take you away or send you away. 
  

   
Taehyung blinks, as he shuffles through the pages once more, sees a mismatch of parchments, the edges of some torn away as if his grandmother had combed through ancient volumes and ripped out what was significant. His eyes sting but he rubs at them, a faint ache burning away in the chambers of his stomach.  
  I had studied this in my youth, this method of banishment. It was so cruel that the rulers after never spoke of it, but they have been out for your blood since the moment you were born. Such a perfect little lad, the Mother’s greatest gift bestowed on me. It pains me that they never saw it. That you never did. But I mustn’t ramble, or it would be too late to deliver. 
  
    They will send you to a land with no way out. It could be any land- this world is so vast, so big. The land is not relevant- it is the magic the Elders will invoke that plays a role. It is ancient magic, straight from the Mouth of the Mother, and hence, just as cruel. I will beg your forgiveness until the end of time, my dove- but for now…
  
  
    You won’t be able to leave this land. Not without help. Land is not untouchable and so, there will be visitors. There always are. Perhaps you won’t be alone, always. But if the magic were to have any breach- it would only be possible if you love them from the depth of your golden heart, my child. 
  
   
Taehyung’s hands shake as his eyes gloss over the small diagram she’d made of the spell’s code, and how Taehyung would play a role in it. A tear falls onto the parchment, blurring the word and Taehyung dabs at his eyes once more, blinking away furiously.  
  That’s the only way, little one. Banishment has never been easy, but remember what I told you? Magic always has a way out. Yours, my dove, is to stay put and be patient. I know how hard that is for you, how full of life you are- but you must stay put and wait. You  must  fall in love with the one who comes, Taehyung-ah, or they will be trapped with you. Do not damn those who come upon your land. I know your anger burns fiery, but don’t let them get to that gentle heart of yours.

   
Gentle heart of his…  
  
    I hear a commotion outside- perhaps your father rejoicing in your arrest, the bastard that he is. I would stay to write a thousand words for you until I run out of parchment, but that is not in our fate. May what I’ve written serve as a souvenir to you, my precious. 
  
  
    I’ll find a way to hide this in your belongings. Be a smart little boy for me and find it, will you?
  
  
    May the Mother flourish in you, 
  
  
    Grandmother. 
  
 The letter ends in a hurried scrawl.
  Gentle heart of his…
Taehyung reads it over once, twice, a hundred times and each time his eyes well up, his hands tremble and the ache behind his chest burns-
  You must fall in love with them

  That is the only way

  Gentle heart, gentle heart, gentle-
Taehyung had no gentle heart.He had only ever known that once someone entered the island boundaries they couldn’t leave- because he couldn’t, having always found his path blocked. But he hadn’t realised the intricacy of the whole thing, until-Taehyung had no heart at all.The dread gives way to the flood of pain bursting behind his ribs, the dead star collapsing at last and taking down with it everything near it, burning away as shoots of pain unravel in his mind. His ribs sprout thorns from the arid soil of his lungs and Taehyung finally understand the cause of the ache-Taehyung has no heart at all.The memory hits as a torrential wave would, sudden and out of nowhere even though he had seen it building in the corner of his eye. His pain and anger had been so great it had all but drowned out the noise of it, and now, now-
   

  “He shall be exiled!” The king announced to the gathering, while Taehyung stood, hands held behind his back. The king had a cruel smile on his face and Taehyung closed his eyes, closed them to the mocking of his people, to their disgust-

  “My dear citizens, you know how heavy this is on all of us,” the king continued, a genial smile on his face that Taehyung knew was a smokescreen. The Fae could not lie, but they could pretend. “Taehyung of the Winter-Borne committed a heinous crime and for that, he will be punished. The banishment is the only way for those who harm their own.”
 His head pounds with the memory, the visions flashing so fast his magic cannot cope- “The Elders communed earlier today,” the king went on. Taehyung briefly opened his eyes to search for his parents, his siblings, for a kernel of warmth somewhere- “They have consulted the High Priestess of the Mother and received the final call.” The king gestured to a row of ten robed Fae, one of whom stepped forward. “Elder Kyungsoo, if you might proceed.”
  “Pleasure would be mine, my king. May the Mother flourish in you,” Elder Kyungsoo said, a custom rather than a genuine wish, Taehyung thought. He shifted foot to foot until the king’s guard tightened their hold on him, fresh bruises pressed into his skin. 
“Ease, my arm hurts,” Taehyung hissed, anger licking into his spine. They shouldn’t even touch him, not when he’s the grandson of the oldest Elder of them all-
  The guard only sneered and tightened his hold further. “Killers make no demands, Winter-Borne.”

  Killer, kin-slayer, killer-

   
Taehyung drops to the floor, the parchment fluttering besides as he holds his head, his seams splitting open and his tears leaking out with a force they hadn’t been able to for eons now. His teeth hurt from how hard he’s clenching them. Killer, he’s a killer and he’s always been- 
  “The Mother decrees Taehyung of the Winter-Borne as Kin-Slayer,” Elder Kyungsoo continued, tone bereft of any sentiment. Bland as ice, just as cold. “As such, exile alone is not enough for him, my king.”

  Silence descended cold as a hailstorm and Taehyung whipped his head, toward his grandmother who was similarly shocked. This wasn’t what she had cautioned him about. She had told him it would be a harsh sentence but a single one, what was the elder saying-

  “What do you mean, Elder Kyungsoo?” The king queried, a brow lifted lazily. The harsh lines of his face did not rest. 

  “Taehyung of the Winter-Borne must pay in the blood lost for killing one of our own.”

  “My grandson will not shed a single drop!” His grandmother shrieked, at last, breaking through the crowd. Taehyung watched his father hold her back, grip tight, and she must be severely distressed if she’s letting him touch her even. “A banishment is a fair price!”

  “For petty crimes!” A woman screeched back somewhere in the horde. She broke through; red hair meant she belonged to the Autumn-Borne. “Your blasted mistake of a grandson murdered a Fae! With his bare hands! He practised the Dark Arts! Surely you’re not so blinded by love to let go of such injustice.”

  “This does not concern you. Hyuna of the Autumn-Borne-” Taehyung’s grandmother began before the woman stood close to her face.
“My daughter is dead because of him!” The memories lick at his heels, hot at his tails and casing him, engulfing him until he’s nothing but the flames of agony; Taehyung weeps as his mind cracks open the valve at last and it floods through some more- 
  “Enough!” The king bellowed, a hand in the air halting the squabbles of the hurt. His grandmother hissed at the disrespect, for she was far older than the king himself. “Let us hear Elder Kyungsoo.”

  Kyungsoo smirked, as brittle as his age. The cold lingered in his gaze as he faced Taehyung, and he felt his very bones chill. “You admit you killed a Fae?”

  Taehyung looked down. He wanted to lie, he wanted to plead, but- “I do.”

  “You admit you practised the Dark Arts?”

  He met his grandmother, whose face is painted with sorrow and rage both. And regret. “I do.”

  “Do you repent?”

  He shifted his gaze back to Elder Kyungsoo, to the glimmer of cruelty set in his mouth, amusement curling in his eyes. What a farce of a trial. Out of them all, Kyungsoo had never liked Taehyung. 

  A sane Fae would say yes and plead a lesser punishment. A gentler one. But Taehyung was made of stardust and fire, broken bones and blood and-

  “No.”

  Kyungsoo’s face fell slightly before it became blank again. “You do not?”

  “I do not.”

  “You would do it again, Taehyung of the Winter-Borne? Are you that lost?”

  Taehyung beheld his grandmother, the stone-cold faces of his parents, the blankness of the Fae he had called his own. He gathered all his force and leaned into Elder Kyungsoo’s space.

  “I would do it a thousand times again.”

  Then he spat onto Kyungsoo’s face.

   
His hand curls tight into his robe. Taehyung shoves the parchment away from him and bites into the velvet, jaw and the back of his head almost cracking open from the agony.He should have said yes he shouldn’t have spit he should have been meek what did he do why did he do it-
  The guard slapped him to the floor while he heard his grandmother gasp. Blood flooded his mouth but he glared at Elder Kyungsoo, the bastard-

  “It is clear Taehyung of the Winter-Borne is just as lost as the Mother has decreed,” he said instead, no malice in his tone. “My king, his life is not enough appeasement.”

  The king glared at Taehyung but shifted the attention back to the Elder. “What more than a banishment?”

  Kyungsoo smiled before facing the gathering.

  “Perhaps you have heard of the Curse of the Stone Heart?”

  Taehyung’s stomach dropped. The resulting silence was foreboding.

  His grandmother’s scream cut through it.

   
Taehyung is on the floor and he clutches his chest. The hollow cave of it where nothing beats. Remember that gentle heart of yours…Taehyung has no heart. It hasn’t beat for eons, the stone that it is.
   

  It was the pain he felt first when he came around. 

  The pain of his heart being cast into stone, so visceral and deep that no sound escaped his throat even though he wanted to scream. It erupted somewhere deep in his belly, his lungs contracting even as it spread throughout, his veins full of fire and his love seeping away. 

  He wanted to sob. Wished he could, not because of the pain, oh no. He wished to cry because soon enough, he would not be able to.

  When one’s heart was made of stone, did one truly feel?

  A lone tear escaped his eye, the last that remained inside his body. For he does not know when he would cry again. He let them all out and closed his eyes when he felt the rapid cooling of his heart and how it didn’t hurt anymore.

  Shut his eyes to the lament of his grandmother, the stone-like faces of his family and the people of his kingdom.

  Closed his eyes to love.

  When he woke up next, blistering sand burning under his face, he did not feel, did not hurt, and perhaps the most sorrowful of all- he did not love at all.
 || Taehyung rests on the floor for hours.The parchments are scattered around him. His hair is dusty; it sticks to the tear tracks on his face- the tears he had thought were always so little, compared to how much he cried as a child.His chest doesn’t ache, but the phantom dread lingers. Sorrow places one more sheet across him. Taehyung has no heart- or rather, his heart is cold stone and it does not beat. Has not beat in its entirety for eons, for as long as he has been confined here.He remembers now. Oh, the cruelty of the casters of the curse. The cruelty of the Elders, as the king had decreed Kyungsoo’s word law and had him dragged away into the casting chambers in the middle of the kingdom square, how Taehyung had begged for anything but that, how his grandmother had been bound as well to prevent her from aiding him. Taehyung melts into the ground as more memories dribble into his head like melted candle-wax, warm but quick to harden and lingering. Flashes of being told only someone capable of loving a monster, a kin-slayer, like him could free him from his Curse. He recollects how the Elders had laughed cruelly as they whispered in his ears how even that would be impossible, because how could he even feel powerfully enough to break the stone and let himself fall for any person even willing to look past his monstrous self?But then, why did it ache? If his heart did not beat, why had it been aching for so long? What had changed?Taehyung squeezes his eyes shut and hits the back of his head into the surface, suppressing the building pain- different from the ache of flooding memories. It is the pain of how minuscule he is in the face of his life, how enormously complex the entire gimmick is. How does Taehyung tell Jeongguk that he can’t go back? Not that he had told Jeongguk ever, but he had been planning to, a brazen sort of promise just to bring about a real smile back onto his face, and now he couldn’t even do that. How can he even hint at it, when Taehyung can’t love anyone?The only way there could be a breach in the island parameters was if Taehyung could fall in love with Jeongguk. But the only way he could love Jeongguk was if his heart were beating, and it does not. And the only way it could beat again was if Jeongguk would fall for Taehyung and love him back.Taehyung laughs at the cruelty setting him up for failure. Who could ever love Taehyung? A monster who had killed the only person he had loved and then kept killing over and over, had the blood of thousands on his hand? No one in their right mind would love Taehyung.Not even someone as kind-hearted as Jeongguk.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Thirteen|
 Words are the most painful inventions to be made by man.I don’t live here by choice, Jeongguk.They have a way of burrowing under one’s skin and settling in the groves left behind. Akin to a thoughtless splinter caught in the flesh of the thumb, an incessant reminder of pain.
  I’m a prisoner on this island. 
Words, Jeongguk has realised, are far more painful than any weapon made by man. And it is this truth that drives its hooks deep into his mind the longer he stays on the island.And now, so are you.Over and over again, these words sound in Jeongguk’s mind. It has been days, maybe weeks, and they knock steady against his temples even as he works his way around the inconceivable truth. To coax his mind and body to accept the reality that he will never go back home.He will never go back to Sunsong.It should be crushing. The fallacy of the human mind is that it hopes and hopes and hopes, a never-ending thirst that refuses to fall and stay down. Jeongguk has been its victim time and again, and yet, he never learns. It should be crushing to hear how helpless his fate is or rather, how cursed. It should have been devastating to hear those words fall from Taehyung’s lips and have the wave crash right in front of his eyes.And it was. For days and nights, with each turn of the sun and sweep of the moon, until the stars were uncountable and lost into the depths of his minds, it had festered inside. An inescapable sadness the likes of which Jeongguk had never faced in his short life. Like fish left to rot in the blistering afternoon sun, its smell rancid and sight unbearable. Something rotten had woken in the pits of his stomach, and Jeongguk had wanted to do nothing but rescind to the despair. To give up at last and wither away.Days and nights spent in a haze as the memories of Sunsong, and with it everyone he held dear — his mother, Jimin, Seokjin, and Yoongi— hit him wave by wave, with intensities the like of which he hadn’t thought possible when missing someone. This was a living death­— to know he was alive, that his heart was beating, that he subsisted on good food and drink— but to the ones that his survival mattered, they didn’t know.He stopped thinking eventually. They persisted in the edges of his vision, but he resolutely stuck to building his boat, now a useless endeavour, for something to do but mourn the loss of his hope. Maybe if he spent the rest of his days frolicking around this cursed place with something or the other to build, he would make do with the fate he had been bestowed with.Who would have thought a simple, mindless quest would cost him so much?Building the boat was a blessing. With it came Taehyung’s interest in it, as the witch ventured forth timidly and began to watch him. Jeongguk was aware all along as the other lingered about in his dark robes, dark eyes betraying the curiosity he held though his lips remained pursed. No doubt questioning Jeongguk’s sanity or whatever little remained of it, for building a boat when there was no escape. But Taehyung kept quiet, and for that Jeongguk was grateful. He lent him linen, quietly placed readymade stew, and had plenty of water littered about his workstation to carry on.For a dreaded siren, Taehyung’s kindness was something oddly alluring to behold.Jeongguk wasn’t happy, and he didn’t think he’d ever be. He was aware that survival was followed by a thirst to live, and yet all his reasons to persevere had slowly dwindled until hope abandoned him. He wasn’t happy and he didn’t think he could be, but at least that crushing despair was nowhere to be seen.It was no use crying over spilled milk. Jeongguk wanted to curse himself again, for his recklessness and the impulsive hope that he harboured in his heart, but it was no use. He was now a prisoner on a beautiful island with a man who was slowly coming around to seeing Jeongguk as a guest—so should it really bother him?He learned that hope persists not because it empties out but because it simply shifts its focus from one task to another. Once, he hoped to build himself a boat and escape. Once, he hoped to vanquish the Siren and come back home. Once, he hoped to return so desperately he would never have to see this island again.Once, once, once.Hope had simply jumped the various ships inside him. Fickle and precarious yet always hanging on the edge, always within reach but never something he could touch or own. Jeongguk should have given up a long, long time ago. He, however, was not the sort of person to do that.And so, Jeongguk adapted.Much of his childhood had gone in accomplishing things. Whether he was smart enough or good enough didn’t matter when Jeongguk would be determined to be the best regardless. It didn’t matter if there was someone better; Jeongguk would excel and outlast the other. It’s how he distributed the vast bounds of energy thrashing inside him. His mother used to often joke about what a troublesome child he was simply because he would not sit still.To understand the new reality he was trapped in, Jeongguk decided to learn more about it. And this involved not only how to keep himself busy but also to learn about the island’s prime inhabitant, this time without any façade and farce of escape colouring his intentions.Learning that Taehyung himself was a prisoner had changed the way he saw the witch.Nowhere in all his stories and retellings had he come across the fact that Taehyung was put on the island against his will. There had been forces at play out of their bounds that had decided long ago that Taehyung was to be a captive as well— and the other had simply adapted to his fate, like Jeongguk was to adapt to his own. And where once he thought Taehyung was the perpetrator, the one evil enough to lead sailors astray and destroy them, he now had his doubts. Surely, someone cruel enough to cast away a person in the middle of nowhere was worse than the ways Taehyung had gone about his own imprisonment. Surely Taehyung had his reasons after all.Jeongguk spent days in this lingering doubt as he watched Taehyung from a distance. Watched the way he would tend to his plants, sweet hums catching on his breath with abrupt pauses when he noticed Jeongguk staring and how his cheeks would carry a red taint; the way he would place food and water without fail even when Jeongguk had seemingly lost all faith in this world. Surely a being who did all that couldn’t be a monster.Jeongguk didn’t want him to be one, and he was running out of reasons to cast as him as such.There is a trail of sadness that haunts Taehyung like a ghost’s shroud. Even when he smiles, Jeongguk can see the way the sadness rarely ever cracks in his dark eyes, or how they’re faint, a ghostly impression that could be a trick of candlelight. And yet — for all his aloofness and apparent disinterest, he heard Jeongguk’s tales with bated breath. Wonder had leaked into his gaze and Jeongguk had to do everything possible not to simply pause and stare right back.A monster wouldn’t have cared about a human’s inane life, would they?  Where once he felt disgusted towards Taehyung’s very presence, hated the other lingering about ready to torment him some more, he can now understand the bizarre kindness that pours out of Taehyung’s orifices. He had been cruel, yes — if Jeongguk were the one to have been imprisoned for gods knew how long, he would have sought some outlet. He’d begun to understand the cruelty that Taehyung had shown him, had shown towards countless others like him, as a farce the witch put up because his kindness hadn’t been valued or respected.Taehyung may not have been a human or lived amongst his kind, but ultimately all creatures in this world yearned for kindness — towards themselves and others. Was Taehyung wrong in hoping and asking for the same?Had he really been wrong if he cast a net of hostility when he didn’t receive something so simple?Learning of the humans who had come before him and how they had harboured less noble intentions against Taehyung had boiled Jeongguk’s blood. Or how they had been thoughtless sailors like Jeongguk, but had lost their aim when they saw a lone creature on an island — when Jeongguk had learned of this in the treasure room with Taehyung, a part of him had ached to ease the pain flashing across the other’s face. Yet, isn’t Jeongguk a hypocrite himself? He had embarked on his quest to kill the Siren and come back home with a victory tale, yet here he was, contemplating a reality where the Siren wasn’t all that the tales made out to be. Or rather, Taehyung was that creature too, but he was so much more than a collection of old pirates’ tales told in grim firelight, told in the hushed whispers of travellers and sailors abound.Here is Jeongguk, days and weeks and months later perhaps, the only human to be left alive long enough to observe the Siren and unearth Taehyung.The hypocrisy itches under his mind’s skin, and Jeongguk tries desperately to convince himself otherwise. He was different from all those other looters; he had come with nothing but the clothes on his back, shipwrecked as he had been. He had brushed against Death’s door and come upon Death’s supposed servant, only to find that the servant was under Death’s thumb himself, alive as he had kept himself.Never, in a million possibilities, would Jeongguk have ever taken advantage of Taehyung — this he knows for certain. Hopes. Jeongguk hopes he wouldn’t have been like those others because he had been raised better. Even when he had sought the Siren, he hadn’t even thought of its famed beauty or how it used a sailor’s temptation to veer them off course. And even when he had met the Siren at last and faced that beauty in all its glory, Jeongguk hadn’t been led astray. Even if Taehyung had been one of the most gorgeous people he had laid eyes on, in spite of the anger that had coursed through Jeongguk’s veins in the initial days after his shipwreck.Had the sailors ever paused and waited to understand Taehyung? Or had they simply lusted after him and feasted at him with their eyes? Jeongguk had found Taehyung beautiful — and now, knowing that he wasn’t one of his kind but something else entirely, he could see where that ethereal beauty came from. In Sunsong, Taehyung would have stood out like a glaring beacon.Jeongguk, however, had found his little quips much more beautiful than what Taehyung presented himself as. He would never have taken advantage of Taehyung and still won’t, even now, when he’s uncovering more and more of the man. How can he, when he catches the way Taehyung looks at him but looks away when Jeongguk gazes right back? Really, how— how embarrassing, that Jeongguk is even looking at Taehyung at all, even under the guise of observation.How, when their hands brush or their knees bump under the stone table during dinner and Taehyung blushes a pretty pink that’s stark in the yellow glow of the candlelight, and how Jeongguk feels the tendrils of fondness bloom inside, even as he struggles to not give into them. He finds all these much more beautiful than Taehyung’s objective beauty.How could the sailors have been so cruel to him?It wasn’t to say that Taehyung was without fault. Clearly, something had changed between them in all this time they spent with each other; clearly, Jeongguk had done something to earn Taehyung’s mercy and remain alive. He couldn’t touch upon what it was, but he supposes he is grateful for that chance, albeit the vastness of his existence looms in front of him. A human trapped on an island with a lone, non-human creature till the end of his days. A creature who had tormented the seas and struck fear in the hearts of the chosen few brave enough to venture across. A creature who had turned them into pigs, though he had given a good reason that Jeongguk couldn’t refute. A creature who had enjoyed Jeongguk’s pain with glee but, upon the change that happened, had also tended to him and his wounds, had given him shelter, food, and drink to survive beyond what Jeongguk could have made of his life here.An inhuman creature who had all the power in the world to finish Jeongguk with a single thought, yet had chosen to entertain Jeongguk’s presence and listened to his ramblings, even if had no interest in what Jeongguk had to say.Knowing all that and still wanting to know more — could he not make himself okay with spending the rest of these days with Taehyung?The island was beautiful. Once his hell, it was now something that had plenty to make Jeongguk feel pleasant. It would never be Sunsong — it was much too lonely and bereft of life to ever replace Sunsong for Jeongguk — but it had its charm and then some.So maybe Jeongguk was cursed to spend the rest of his days here. Maybe there wasn’t a way out, even if he wasn’t one to give up, but his human determination held nothing in the face of magic. The island was beautiful and he could learn to love it. Even if he broke his promise to Jimin and in doing so, broke Jimin’s heart; even if he was haunted by nightmares of Sunsong at his trails, he could learn this simple truth, and accept his fate.At least, he wouldn’t be around to see Jimin losing himself, and wasn’t that a saving grace? It was selfish, a corrosive thought burrowing its way into his heart and soul, but Jeongguk is at a point where all he can do is grasp at straws to save the little of his sanity left.So here Jeongguk is, trapped on an island forever, with no other way out. It was about time he made peace with that.  That being said — making peace was easier said than done.The nightmares, at first, are many with no rest in between. During the day, Jeongguk is fine — he engages himself as best as he can, plays with his boat making for nothing more than to distract himself and weaving himself into Taehyung’s life, now that they are — island mates. But the night is when he’s at the mercy of his mind. No matter how hard he tries to cover and fill the void in his heart, Sunsong isn’t something that Jeongguk would ever not miss.The nightmares have no rhyme or reason. Some nights they are harmless, brief recounts of his time as a child or a young boy, his frolicking on the Sunsong docks. Other nights, however, are filled to the brim with cruelty he wishes upon no one. Jimin breaking down, watching Jimin break and Jeongguk unable to reach him, his voice a screaming echo that no one hears. His mother wasting away in her grief or how his father, stoic and calm, breaks silently in the secrecy of the night at his loss.In his dreams, Jeongguk aches to have his voice heard, to let them know he is alive and well, that he is not just surviving but even thriving and that he is well cared for, as well cared a prisoner can be. But dream Jeongguk is ignored, and Jeongguk often finds his face wet with tears when he wakes in the wee hours of the morning, the burden of being away settling in once again.He fights to stay awake as long as he can before he succumbs to his sleep. He fills his days with meaningless tasks, pestering and following Taehyung so he has something to do. It’s a risk; after all, just because Taehyung had shown him not only mercy but kindness, did not mean he would be all too understanding of Jeongguk and his bursts of energy. He soon realises, the more he distracts himself, the more he finds chunks of his memories of Sunsong disappearing. The longer he stays in this slice of created heaven, the more he loses all that made him. It makes the fear pound in every breath once he comprehends a new reality, one where he couldn’t recall Sunsong at all and so, Jeongguk takes another plunge.He begins sharing with Taehyung.While he doesn’t have an understanding of his species like the way Taehyung so clearly does, he knows the ache of loneliness that festers away in them. The need to touch, to have people around; a lone man was touted to be a mad man in his town, and Jeongguk, though he preferred his solitude, was by no means one that craved loneliness. Yet, in an island flung far away from everything he had ever know, with only one other inhabitant — Jeongguk had no choice but to seek Taehyung out. Talking to himself aloud was a sure sign he was losing his mind, but if he had a recipient, was he really mad?He shouldn’t share something so precious with someone who hates his kind, but the words tumble out without control. Sometimes he sings the nursery rhymes he had learned as a child, and watches Taehyung freeze in the periphery, listening to him in wonder. Sometimes he shares about how the oceans looked by the Sunsong beach and how long he sat by the coast, watching the skies turn colours. He shares anything that comes to his mind, just to hold on tight. Nobody could take his memories away from him.It doesn’t hurt that Taehyung, for all his aloofness and disinterest, pays attention, hums and even, occasionally, asks carefully crafted questions, eyes unsure and voice low. It’s so different from the coldness the latter usually adopts, and Jeongguk — well, he somehow adores these moments. He is beyond fond when Taehyung asks him about things that Jeongguk had taken for granted. It is a betrayal and a distant part of him hisses at these warm sensations budding deep inside. Jeongguk is helpless in the face of it. Who else would ever face him with such curiosity and listen to him blabber?Jeongguk isn’t ashamed to say that it does sprout from something selfish, something embedded deep inside that erupts to make his life here a little more bearable. So what if he enjoys the scarce attention Taehyung gifts him with? So what if Jeongguk drags his stories so he can spend a couple of moments more basking in it before Taehyung inevitably retreats and ends the night once again?He can’t help it. He is a human, and he’s all those things that Taehyung had hated when they had first clashed. Somewhere, all of Taehyung’s words had held truth; Jeongguk is a selfish man and he wants to be remembered, and paid attention to and asked for. He wants to be needed or else, how would he survive the loneliness the island perpetuates? The loneliness he sees lingering in the depths of Taehyung’s eyes, the stench of it he feels in the creatures and trees and rocks? Everything about the island has a tinge of despair; so what if Jeongguk will do anything to escape its clutches rather than give into it?And so, Jeongguk shares. He talks, and rambles and quips; he shares all his memories and awaits Taehyung’s responses. He notes that Taehyung doesn’t return the same, that he does not have the same intentions or goals as Jeongguk does — the witch simply does not like talking about his past. The few attempts Jeongguk had made have been dismissed or ignored save for the one time Taehyung had revealed his fate.Because Taehyung doesn’t like sharing or really, offering anything of his, Jeongguk had to glean everything from simply watching him. Something Jeongguk had been gifted with since he was a child was his instincts; even if he didn’t know the truth, he felt it in his gut. And he was good at making observations, though he wasn’t shrewd or concerned with using them to his advantage. Watching Taehyung revealed a lot, even if the witch tried his best to put up the strongest of walls. Yet people, human or not, always let down their guards and Taehyung was much the same. How he would smile softly when he thought no one was looking, or how he would caress and croon at his “green ones”, or how he’d hold an arm out and stroke a bird’s feathered neck.How Taehyung’s moods shifted, from glee and anger to something subdued and sad, sorrow colouring his edges more often than not. Whatever had happened to get Taehyung sent to a prison specially crafted for him must have stolen a lot more than Taehyung’s trust. Jeongguk can see how this trust shows up, and he can only face them with bated breath, afraid to do or say anything that could have Taehyung roll back tightly onto himself.He’s often been told he’s an open book, and he is — there’s no denying that. Jeongguk doesn’t even try to hide, for what use is that when he could express what he wants and be done with it. But Taehyung, Jeongguk realises, isn’t one at all, and doesn’t share the same philosophy. Taehyung isn’t an open book, not by a long shot — but he is the book forgotten in the corner of a library, gathering dust yet available for anyone who wishes to see.Jeongguk wants to borrow it and peruse it for the rest of his life.He doesn’t think that goal is selfish at all. || And because Jeongguk sees so much, he notices how muted Taehyung becomes.He can’t point how but the understanding lingers about. The silence rings around the island, the birds don’t visit as often and Taehyung spends an inordinate amount of time gazing into the distance, sorrow ever-present. He often clutches his robes from time to time like he wants to tear at something and most obviously—He avoids Jeongguk’s gaze. And Jeongguk himself.It wasn’t to say that Taehyung was particularly forthcoming earlier. There was a barrier between him and Jeongguk, one that Jeongguk didn’t hope to cross after all his previous efforts had been thwarted. Yet, things had changed and Taehyung had been a bit amiable— sharing dinner with him, listening to him, understanding the way humans lived and making soap for him that one time— clearly, it wasn’t for nothing. Jeongguk does note the slight shift in attention and it itches under his skin.He doesn’t probe, however. Taehyung’s moods soured quickly, in ways that set Jeongguk’s hackles alive. He didn’t like sharing and all that Jeongguk knew so far were pried out of the witch with efforts Jeongguk isn’t sure he should be maintaining. Why couldn’t he simply rest and accept his fate?Why did Taehyung intrigue him so?Taehyung was more than whatever the stories had told him. There’s a story painting Taehyung’s sorrow and one that Jeongguk can’t stumble upon until and unless Taehyung himself spilled. Until then, Jeongguk would always be in the dark.And so, though Jeongguk notes the dip in Taehyung’s emotions, he lets him be. He accepts the lack of shared dinners and lingers about waiting for the next task, before taking it upon himself to make tools from memory just to kill time. He doesn’t knock on his door as he used to before— wild, brazen confidence had reared from deep within and he doesn’t think he has the guts to repeat that again, or how he’d take his chances to push at Taehyung while his cheeks bloomed a lovely pink, as rosy as a fresh apple. He makes himself small not because he’s scared of Taehyung but because he worries that he’s being a nuisance once again and so— he keeps to himself.Jeongguk misses it, however. The talks, the soft smiles in the dark, the way Taehyung looked away into the sea for moments on end with a strange longing written all across, and how Jeongguk would crack a joke just to pull him back from wherever he vanished to. He misses more the— well, not friendship, but something akin to it that they had been developing so far.He wonders if this is the new language of loneliness that he is to make do with. It burns corrosive on his tongue to even think that.But Jeongguk is not a selfish man. He’s moderately self-centered, though he has good values and practices them. He may miss Taehyung’s gradual presence in his life but he won’t barge again, not without good reason— of which, there were none. Taehyung doesn’t seem to care, locked inside his cottage for hours and days at times, though food still appears whenever Jeongguk hungers.The food isn’t enough to satisfy a deeper hunger burrowing itself underneath.He seeks to fill his time with anything— anything but this strange longing he’s formed, eating away at his mind. With Taehyung perhaps tired of him and keeping away, there’s nothing but time in Jeongguk’s hands. It’s not something he works well with, the energy bursting to the seams with how little he gets to do in this state. At least with Taehyung, he could distribute the hours between his hobbies or boat building and interacting with him; now, that’s not even an option.He decides to return to the boat building, even if it’s a colossal joke now.  If nothing else, it would remain a relic, nothing more than a way to kill this expanse of time all around. He might be okay with making this island his home and resigning himself to his fate, but he’s still Jeongguk and he’s still that restless boy from Sunsong—bored when things were too quiet, calm, or peaceful, an itch growing under his skin for more. He could learn patience and all its virtues—but he has all the time in the world for that now, doesn’t he?The boat remains as he had last left it—a coat of polish on giving it a slight sheen, still not smooth to be used but structured enough to look like one. He runs his hands over it, tracing its shape and the rough wood beneath his palms, the curve of the hull and how it was just compact enough to carry him comfortably, the bottom sturdy and layered to brave the roughest of seas. Jeongguk takes his time with it, straightening out any kinks, smoothening down the rough edges all the while respecting Taehyung and his silence. When he sees Taehyung at the corner of his eyes, he doesn’t utter a word, keeping his distance but letting him know through unanswered smiles that Jeongguk’s present and open to exchanging words once more.Taehyung remains muted, lips pressed and his form a small curve as he walks by, choosing to shut himself in as fast as he appears. Each time this happens, Jeongguk can’t help but wonder if this how it’s meant to be—this constant push and pull between them. How is it that when Taehyung pushes Jeongguk pulls away, but when he does the same Taehyung drops the pretence and runs?It’s frustrating. Jeongguk has never liked the games people play, the hidden glances and unspoken words trapped in furtive eyes. He’s always liked honesty and truth, things to curb the trepidation inside. More than that, however, is how tiring this game is. Is it not enough that he’s a prisoner with Taehyung?He works at applying the next coat of polish, hoping it occupies his mind. All he wants is something stable, a little permanent upon which he can base his foundation of living here and carry through his life—or whatever remains of it. Loneliness is a quiet killer and all Jeongguk wants to know, really, is how he can work with Taehyung instead of against him. He wants to know Taehyung so they can make this bridge stronger, but the other just won’t let him. He was locked tight behind walls Jeongguk couldn’t hope to climb, but to wait for Taehyung to invite him in…In his more lonesome moments, it’s all he can do. Wonder. Persistently, incessantly, his mind refusing to accept this quaint nature of them. Weren’t his intentions clear? Hadn’t he proved that he was safe and that he wouldn’t be like those looters, pirates, and sea travellers?What horrid thing had Taehyung gone through to be tainted so thoroughly?The moment the thought comes by unbidden is when Jeongguk slaps himself on his thigh. Really, who is he to even question Taehyung’s history and how tightly he held himself? Jeongguk might have come from a fairly safe region; Sunsong was known for its low crime rates. But those who were harmed carried those scars for life—and so who is Jeongguk, a lowly human who hasn’t even lived half the life Taehyung has, to question the extent to which Taehyung has been burned?For the umpteenth time, the curiosity rages inside his belly. Something had happened and it had changed Taehyung completely; to be banished to the island, to be made a prisoner for eons and never leave—it must have been truly terrible. Where the compassion was coming from, he didn’t know, but Jeongguk had spent a long, long time simply looking at Taehyung, and somewhere, he knew this man was not the Siren of the tales he’d heard. He had no proof of it but his own bleeding heart that wished to see the good in those around him. Jeongguk was terrified, of course, of his guesses being wrong and his fragile peace crashing down, and yet.Yet, something deep inside ached with a need to know Taehyung, not to fool him and vanquish him but to perhaps—understand him and soothe him.The desire for that makes shudders run down his back. || The boat making comes to its final stages, but Jeongguk is not yet ready to part with it and be left with time unbound. It’s a new fear of his, all this time, the sheer depth of it which he and his human mind couldn’t possibly comprehend. How had Taehyung done that? If the myth of the Siren had been around for so long, how old was Taehyung?He finds he doesn’t quite want the answer to that.Jeongguk, in a bid to escape the pull of it, builds a workstation behind the cottage, amassed with his small collection of hand-made tools (and that one axe Taehyung had gifted him). It’s a safe space surrounded by the trees and pool of water, shade provided by the canopy above. During the day, he works there, refining his boat, painting symbols on it, sometimes making another tool that he has no use for but which fills the time. It’s never enough, yet patience is the one thing Jeongguk has to learn if he is to remain sane. Patience, and perhaps gratitude that he no longer has to worry about survival, has enough food and water to count on it.His own company is not enough, and the loneliness burrows its claws into the walls of his heart, a lingering messenger of Death, though he’s healthy as healthy can be. Jeongguk misses Sunsong and the litany of home is constant on his lips, a faint chant to remember as his memory has pockets of disappearances.The night, however, is a different story. He doesn’t sleep near the workstation, choosing the spot he has since he first arrived—a little alcove out by the sea, the waves lulling him to sleep. If he dreams hard enough, he can convince himself that he is at the Sunsong beaches, passed out on the sand yet one more time, waiting for either Jimin or his mother or the good fishermen to wake him up. The dream crashes each morning without fail, of course, but it’s worth the pain if he can sleep again.Sometime ago Taehyung, in one of those gestures he made where he was being kind but pretended to be aloof about it, had given him bedding to sleep. The sand had been digging into his back and Taehyung, through magic or his own observation, had noticed. Jeongguk had been surprised when he found bedding placed near the alcove and had felt something tight squeeze around his chest.It wasn’t bedding which he was used to, but it was soft and comfortable and kept the sand away from him. It smelled like stale dust and a little bit of lavender, which was something he associated with Taehyung now. He’d lay on it often and wait for the sleep to come in, the stars above blinking at him, a mockery of all the freedom he had craved and how greedy he had been. He now paid for it in cruel imprisonment.It isn’t a proper home or shelter, but Jeongguk isn’t picky. No matter how he feels the gap or bridge closing between Taehyung and him, he can’t ask or demand the other to take him in. It’s not something he is owed. He’d learn to live with it, just like he had with everything else.Days and nights have passed since he last spoke to Taehyung, and he’d been so used to silence he almost forgot that Taehyung lived there. The man hadn’t shown his face even once in so many turns of the sun and Jeongguk had stopped counting.He leaves his tools be and shuts down the workstation, taking the now-familiar route to the alcove. He picks up the dinner bowl kept on the table, a pang of sadness briefly lighting up inside when he notices how dark it’s become, no familiar candlelight to guide him home. Momentarily he looks towards Taehyung’s cottage and wonders— is the man alright? The curtains are shut and he has no idea about the witch’s health.He stuffs his face with gruel and curbs down the worry building into a steady lining inside.As he inhales the food, he glances upward, frowning when he sees thick curls of clouds littering the midnight blue of the sky. It’s strange, to say the least, for ever since Jeongguk has come to this island, the skies have been nothing but clear, stars upon stars until his eye could reach. It had become something of a blessing, to gaze at the stars as he lulled himself to sleep. He shrugs to himself, scraping the bottom of the bowl before taking them back to the entrance of the cottage, as he had been for the past few days. Jeongguk takes a moment to pause, craning his neck slightly to see inside but is met only with darkened rooms, almost as if the cottage were empty. If he didn’t know about Taehyung’s imprisonment, he would have believed the other had left the island somehow.Shaking his head, he runs a hand through his hair, sighing heavily. He wanted to be patient, but how long? What had he done to earn Taehyung’s silence this time, and what could he do to atone for it? He turns, sighing again as he trudges back to his shelter. What could Jeongguk to do get Taehyung to talk to him again?He dusts his bedding for the night and settles in, shuffling here and there to get rid of the few sand crystals that have made their way into his clothes anyway. For once, he falls into sleep instantly, tired from the work he puts himself through, a satisfying ache all over that begs for rest.The next time Jeongguk wakes is when something warm splatters on his face, and it takes him a moment to understand that it’s rain.For as long as he has been on the land, the days and nights have been nothing short of consistent, a pleasant sort of humidity similar to Sunsong. Yet now—there is rain, and it’s warm on his skin as it falls from the clouds above. It takes him a moment, and in those moments the downpour increases steadily, drenching him within minutes.He shakes himself awake, gathering himself up to seek shelter, though it’s of no use—his linen is wet, sticking to his skin uncomfortably in a way he hasn’t experienced for a while now. He had left Sunsong in its peak summer; it had been a while since he had experienced those beloved monsoons he would eagerly look forward to. He runs towards an outcropping of trees nearby to shield himself from most of the torrent. The volume is tremendous—the ocean rolls with the fury of the clouds, and in the distance, he can see the waves join the dance themselves—larger and larger, like a storm.Jeongguk stays, watching. The clothes turn cold, causing shivers down his spine. He could wait; if not the sun, the warm air in the morning would dry him out. The sand would be too wet to lay on, at least for a while, and his bedding is most probably ruined as well. Jeongguk groans internally, cursing the weather. Of the few things he had procured from Taehyung, and now, that was gone as well. He couldn’t very well knock on the door and ask for more, could he? Considering the other had chosen to retreat from the world, so Jeongguk was most likely alone. His body ached, and staying in wet clothing wouldn’t do any favours. He could maybe climb a tree to shelter himself some more, but the trunk would be slick with the rain—Jeongguk feels warmth on his shoulder, and jumps, turning to see what it is—to find Taehyung. In his rumination, he had missed the soft footfalls Taehyung preferred, and now, the witch was there, after so long, his hand pressed into wet linen, bleeding warmth through the thin fabric.For a moment, all he can do is stare. In the dark, he can’t see much but it is Taehyung, and Jeongguk can’t believe his eyes. Just when he was wondering about what he could do—the other had somehow read his mind. Was that something he could do?It’s the first time the other has directly approached him in a long time. Taehyung, unlike Jeongguk, isn’t wet—clearly, his magic has created a shield around him. His face, however, seems weary, whatever little Jeongguk can see. There’s concern lining some of the weariness, but Jeongguk doesn’t want to jump the boat. He doesn’t want to think too much, but—it’s the middle of the night, and yet, Taehyung has come out of hiding—it pricks a different sort of heat under Jeongguk’s skin.Taehyung, however, doesn’t seem concerned with the thoughts flooding Jeongguk’s mind, instead choosing to tighten his grip on Jeongguk’s shoulder. Briefly, his eyes linger on Jeongguk’s chest, and Jeongguk realises where he is—wet, shivering and cold, and so, so exposed. He makes to hastily cover himself, arms over the fabric sticking to him. The action seems to jar Taehyung out of his distraction, for Jeongguk notices the way Taehyung schools his features into that familiar aloofness. He nearly breaks out in a grin, so pleased to be facing that familiarity once more. Oh, how he missed this.“Come along,” Taehyung whispers, pulling Jeongguk. “The rain will stay. You can lay on the veranda of the cottage.” He doesn’t wait for Jeongguk, drawing something into the air that crackles, before Jeongguk notices a shield around sheltering him from the rain. Taehyung doesn’t say anything as he trudges off, and Jeongguk scrambles to follow him a moment later, marvelling at how the rain bounces off the shield.Magic was an incredibly wonderful tool, wasn’t it?So distracted is Jeongguk by the change that he doesn’t notice when they reach their destination, a small lantern placed at the entrance providing light for the first time in days. The shield drops the moment Jeongguk steps onto the veranda, and Taehyung opens the door, only to disappear once more.Jeongguk blinks but doesn’t think he can say much when he’s at a much better place than shelter under the trees, the veranda warm and dry, which would be ideal to rest than wet sand. It’s fine if Taehyung did this much, and it’s fine if he vanishes once more after days of absence, and Jeongguk wasn’t missing him at all—Jeongguk sighs, leaning into the railing. What lies he told himself. He did miss the other and missed the way his voice had woven under his skin, smooth and deep, a unique baritone that went well with—with the image of Taehyung in his mind, he supposes. The Siren, the one who sang people to death. It upset him how Taehyung had entered and left, and it upset him more that he was so bothered by it when he should learn to cut his losses already— Taehyung did not want to be approached. And Jeongguk should stop.The thoughts run in his head loud enough that he misses the soft opening of the door behind him until he is briefly tapped on his shoulder once more, turning to face Taehyung with a cloth to dry himself with, and a new set of linen. Further behind is new bedding, seemingly floating above the air. Jeongguk wordlessly accepts the items, patting his face and hair dry hastily with the cloth. Taehyung places the linen on the veranda railing silently, leaving once more. Jeongguk takes the opportunity to swiftly undress, peeling the wet linen from his skin, drying himself all over. He shivers; for warm rain, it left a cold imprint. The material is the same as all the cloth Taehyung had lent him so far, and Jeongguk breathes a sigh of relief when his skin is surrounded by warm, dry linen that smells, as always, faintly of lavender.He gathers the wet linen thrown on the floor, unsure of what to do with it and unsure of how to proceed, when Taehyung appears again, this time with a kettle in one hand and a ceramic cup in the other, placing them gingerly on the railing. A purple aura surrounds it, while Taehyung holds out a hand for the wet clothes and places them inside. Then, he clicks his fingers again, and the whistling of the kettle halts. All along, he refuses to make eye contact with Jeongguk. He focuses on his task of pouring the tea into the cup, and the steam carries a fragrance of ginger, honey and lemon.Taehyung offers the cup to Jeongguk, who accepts it readily but frowns when he looks down at the honey-brown colour of the liquid.“What is this?” He asks, his voice hoarse from disuse, rough from the cold that had seeped into his skin.Taehyung startles as if he hadn’t expected Jeongguk to address him at all. How foolish of him. Had he learned nothing about Jeongguk in all this time? Jeongguk could never stop asking.“It is a…tea, of sorts. It is to make sure you don’t come down with a cold.” The lantern Taehyung’s lit barely shows the canvas of his face, but Jeongguk has memorised it somehow. Knows that Taehyung’s lips are pressed into a thin line, knows the purple shadows underneath his eyes aren’t natural. “I have…I have heard that humans get sick quite easily.”So simple, the soft words and the way they caress something deep inside Jeongguk. Taehyung sounds like it hurt to do this much, and yet, all Jeongguk is reminded of is care, of that nostalgic sense of home—new, and never something he thought he’d feel here. Not unwelcome either, if the way the words and the first sip of tea winds down inside to settle softly as a feather.“Thank you,” he says, just as softly, just as earnestly, hoping Taehyung will somehow glean the gratitude he feels in that moment, the brief respite from the loneliness haunting his edges. “It’s very well made. Reminds…reminds me of my mother.”He can sense more than see Taehyung stiffen, but chooses to ignore it for the tea, which soothes his throat and warms him inside out, his cold fingertips and toes loosening. He takes in the silence that follows, chases the feeling of home with each sip and sighs. It’s comfortable, Jeongguk thinks, despite the dull silence Taehyung had imposed all around. He shouldn’t push; gods know he’s done it enough and still managed to not push Taehyung off the edge, but he can’t help it. Jeongguk is not patient by design, the will of the gods have decreed so.He edges closer to Taehyung, hopefully in a manner that doesn’t come across as deliberate. Even like this, he can smell the faint lavender Taehyung carries with him like a mark. He notes how Taehyung hasn’t left yet, simply standing there with his arms crossed, gazing out at the ocean in front, the rain distorting the vision. Even in the dullness of the rainy night, Taehyung looks…ethereal. Inhuman for sure, the way the lantern light bounces of his honey gold skin and the careful curve of his nose, the thick fringe of his eyelashes catching some grains of light.Jeongguk stares so long he shakes himself, gulping down some tea to calm himself down. What is he doing? Admiring Taehyung like this? He racks his brain for something to say and thankfully, it comes to his rescue.“So,” he cuts into the silence, “did you hear the rain?”The only indication Taehyung gives of being surprised is the tightening of his arms, else his face remains beatifically stoic. Almost as if he knew Jeongguk would ask questions. “I sensed it coming. It is rare on the island.”Such simple sentences, and yet, relief hatches inside Jeongguk. He’d missed Taehyung’s voice more than he had thought. He betrays none of his feelings, however. “I thought so. It hasn’t rained even once since I came here.”Silence, only broken by the sipping of his tea when Taehyung also sighs, posture relaxing. “The island doesn’t…anchor itself,” he says after a moment as if pondering over what he can reveal. Though Jeongguk wonders why there have to be secrets at all. “But it is to remain hospitable. All beings need rain to flourish, so it’s known to happen every once in a while.”“Is there a pattern? A season?”Taehyung shrugs. “It might be over the next couple of days or nights. Then it waits until the next time.”“And when is the next time?” Jeongguk dares to ask, trying to unearth the secrets of the land. Taehyung, however, seems to have been anticipating that. He turns towards Jeongguk at last, something ancient and sorrowful swimming in his eyes, and Jeongguk, he is lost.“Who knows with this place?” || The next morning when he wakes, he is well-rested and warm. The new bedding Taehyung had provided suited him a lot more than the previous one, and a part of him thinks shifting locations to the veranda played a key role.At least there are no gritty sand grains digging into his back.The weather is still grey, light rainfall all around, the seas trashing against the rocks in mighty waves. Taehyung had said it might go on for a few days, and Jeongguk watches as the trees welcome the fall, the green buds unfurling, the dust getting washed away. It’s healing to observe, to have a moment of actual rest lingering about than the ragged tossing and turning he had been subjected to since forever.Taehyung’s door is still shut, and Jeongguk sighs. Perhaps last night was an anomaly. Taehyung would go back to being absent while Jeongguk tried to find ways to while away his time. A sour taste envelops his mouth as he thinks about that, after the brief visit he’d gotten from Taehyung. He isn’t as okay with being alone as he once thought.Shaking his head, he gathers up the bedding and sheets, folding them into a corner for later use. He stretches, then startles when a pot of hot gruel and rye bread appears suddenly in front of the door—by magic, of course. So that’s how Taehyung was delivering his meals without being seen. How naïve of Jeongguk to assume otherwise, in this world of magic.He doesn’t think much as he consumes it, sitting on the steps leading to the veranda, watching the rain fall without a pause. He tries not to think of last night, of how Taehyung had sounded—lost, sad, the same dulcet tones of sorrow leaking through, and pinching Jeongguk’s heart with some unknown pain. Who knows with this place, Taehyung had said, and the words had sounded foreboding as if the statement had a lot more than simply unprecedented patterns of rainfall. Jeongguk had wanted to question more, tear into the words as he always did but had chosen to keep silent. People deserved their time; hadn’t Taehyung left him alone after the revelation of the island? Jeongguk could definitely return the favour now, even if his curiosity itched under his skin.He leaves the empty bowl at the entrance, deciding to walk to the workstation. The rain was light enough that it wouldn’t drench him; but when Jeongguk walks out of the shelter, a shield forms around him immediately as if Taehyung had cast a permanent spell of sorts. He holds his hands, sees the rain bounce off him unmistakeably—he is dry as dry can be. He turns around towards the cottage, to see if Taehyung is there somewhere, perhaps watching him—but the windows are tinted dark, Disappointment courses through him, but—patience. All of this needs patience.He marvels at how dry he remains as he walks towards the workstation behind. The rain must have ruined some of the work, so Jeongguk would have to engage in repairing it once more before proceeding. Yet, when he reaches, the boat is covered with a tarp created out of dried woven leaves. The lingering disappointment is swiftly replaced with warmth as Jeongguk grasps that Taehyung had covered his work, had even thought about it enough to do so, even if he used magic.But—why would he? Why would Jeongguk’s project, an excuse for a past-time that he knows Taehyung thinks is a stupid endeavour (the other hadn’t been as subtle with his looks of judgement) be of any interest to such a powerful creature? Who was Jeongguk but a speck in Taehyung’s vast, vast life and history?He palms over his heart, soothing away the sudden influx of heaviness gathering about, the ball stuck in his throat at—at the gratitude, he thinks, something that has been carrying over since last night. When he uncovers the tarp, an invisible shield forms around the boat as well, and Jeongguk nearly cries.He has been bereft of human contact, of any contact, for far too long.He wipes under his eyes, momentarily grateful that no one has to see that, and assesses the build so far, the beautiful way in which the boat has taken shape, how it still maintains its shine. Now he has to build a small mast of sorts, for the sails to hang on to, and sets to work, all the while the magic shielding him from the rain. He gets lost in his new project, humming and fixing some of the errors, long enough that he doesn’t notice when the rain stops and when the sun shines.So lost that he doesn’t notice, perhaps for the first time, Taehyung's quiet approach behind.It’s no one’s fault, how Jeongguk screeches when he is tapped on the shoulder. For gods’ sake, he hadn’t even reacted this badly last night but is keen to do so in broad daylight. How brave of you, he chides himself, even as he presses upon his chest to calm himself down while Taehyung looks on, both startled and unimpressed.How the man carried a whole litany of emotions on him was perhaps another magic trick in the book.When Jeongguk’s calmed down, he notices Taehyung’s arms laden with food and a jug of water. The fragrance is delicious, triggering a series of growls his stomach makes unashamedly—Jeongguk presses on it slightly, cheeks heating while he watches Taehyung’s lips twitch. Taehyung doesn’t mind him, for the most part, seemingly focused on unearthing the food and placing them on a rock nearby, a flat surface that would hold. Jeongguk notices after a while that there’s enough for two…which means Taehyung is joining him.He both simultaneously crows and dreads the change. Nervousness flutters around, not having expected Taehyung to be in his presence so soon, especially after last night. He doesn’t utter a word, wordlessly accepting the food once again and shovelling it in his mouth so he doesn’t have to speak. Taehyung, however, eats slowly, morsel by morsel, watching Jeongguk keenly—and the gaze burns, though he’s sure it’s because he’s not used to being watched so simply. Without intention.Taehyung pauses occasionally, leaving his bowl to stand, walk around the boat, the only times he provides a respite from his gazing. Jeongguk, in contrast, eats rather quietly, not wanting to break the silence that might prompt Taehyung into running away once more. But gods, he is so aware of Taehyung, of his figure and slight movements, the brief tilt of his head as he studies the boat. It drives him nearly mad, the anticipation of what could be running through Taehyung’s mind, the way Taehyung’s gaze flickers between the boat and Jeongguk, with nothing to show for it.He finishes the lunch, trying his best to appear nonchalant as he resumes his work, aware of Taehyung’s stare lingering on his person. He’s utterly self-conscious in the strangest of ways—after all, as one of the star pupils of the Academy, and the son of the largest fish traders in Sunsong, Jeongguk has always been used to being looked at. To being actively perceived, to know people talked of him or gossiped about him, though it wasn’t malicious. He’s used to it, even if he didn’t think much of it back then, the thoughtless boy he had been. Taehyung’s staring should feel familiar, but it rouses flutters of uncertainty. But it’s loud, the feeling, and it drowns out some of Jeongguk’s other thoughts.It’s easy to do that around Taehyung, he realises, when not a moment later his musing is interrupted by Taehyung, who had deigned to remain even after finishing lunch.“What are you working on?” Taehyung asks softly, still perched on the rock, legs crossed though his robes hide much of his body. Like this, it paints a dainty picture of the otherwise powerful witch he now knows Taehyung to be.Jeongguk’s heart races, stumbling to catch the conversational invitation as fast as he can. He raises the hand-made saw, tries for cheek instead of the nervousness fluttering inside. “Surely you know what it is.”And Taehyung, he cracks the smallest of smiles, almost as if it were unbidden, and it burns something inside Jeongguk. He should smile more, Jeongguk thinks for a wild moment, knowing the promise of it would be beautiful. It’s what he’s been waiting for, even if it’s not one of those unabashed ones, the ones showing Taehyung’s teeth and the crinkles in his eyes. Yet, it’s something.“Hmm, I’m not so sure,” Taehyung hums, tilting his head once more. The hood of his robe falls with the action and unleashes the beauty Taehyung prefers to keep hidden. “Considering it looks like a child decided to build a toy to play with.”Silence, for a moment, in which it takes Jeongguk time to comprehend the notes of teasing present in Taehyung’s tone. But when he does—oh, he huffs, the tension breaking between them as Taehyung also has a pleased twinkle in his eyes. Relief paints the insides of his chest at the prospect of their old ways returning, and Jeongguk laughs.It seems the laugh delights Taehyung, who smiles even wider though it is still hesitant and haunted by the familiar sadness. But Jeongguk will take it. At this point, he will take anything.“Good to see you out and about,” Jeongguk comments after a while, shaving off the mast piece.Taehyung, still watching but it being no longer uncomfortable, hums. “Surely my presence wasn’t missed.”Hah, if only Taehyung could read his mind. Actually, he’d rather not have that as a possibility, on second thoughts. “On the contrary, it was missed…dearly.”Jeongguk doesn’t miss the faint blush that vanishes as fast it had appeared, or how Taehyung looks distinctly pleased. “Is that right?”Jeongguk shrugs, loving the challenge. “Well, I wouldn’t lie to such a powerful witch.”“A smart thing to do,” Taehyung says, before pushing himself off and walking towards Jeongguk, kneeling down to look at the sails in his hand. “This looks well-crafted.”“I’ve had some practice,” Jeongguk boasts, and he really isn’t lying. Yoongi had made him burn the midnight oil for two weeks to get this down right.“I see that,” Taehyung mutters, watching the way Jeongguk’s hands work on the cloth, measuring, cutting. “You’ve missed the seam here, however.”And just like that, Taehyung leans in incredibly close, his hand wrapping gently around Jeongguk’s to guide him better. Yet, for Jeongguk, his heart thunders even as his senses get trapped in the heady scent of lavender and sage that Taehyung prefers. Taehyung’s hands are soft and warm; the proximity doesn’t seem to be bothering Taehyung as much as it does Jeongguk.“I—thank you,” he mutters, when Taehyung is done fixing his mistake, when he leans back and takes away the scent that was making it too hard for Jeongguk to think.“I should be saying that,” Taehyung says, hands clutched tight even as he wraps his arms around his knees. “I feel I must—I must apologise.”Jeongguk frowns. As far as he can recollect, neither of them did anything wrong. They’ve not even met or talked enough in recent times to have done that. “For what?”“My absence,” Taehyung answers, words soft. Oh. “I had something to handle, and I was caught up in that. I understand it must have been confusing.”It was, but Jeongguk hadn’t expected Taehyung to acknowledge it, because Taehyung’s never done that. There is something so inexplicably human about the apology now, Jeongguk wonders if some of his humanness has been rubbing off on Taehyung.“It was,” Jeongguk admits. His body feels warm, especially when Taehyung’s gaze snaps up to look at him. “I—it reminded me of the initial days. I thought I had done wrong by you, and I didn’t know how. The silence felt like a punishment.”“Oh,” Taehyung says, simple and flustered. Almost as if he hadn’t thought his presence could create that much of a difference. “I didn’t—it didn’t come across my mind.”Neither says much, but guilt adorns Taehyung’s face in ways Jeongguk’s never seen before. Taehyung masked his emotions so carefully. It irks him a little, how Taehyung looks like he wants to be free enough to express all that he feels but doesn’t—doesn’t allow himself. As if he’s punishing himself, apart from the punishment he already has to suffer.“I tend to have such days,” Taehyung says, unprompted. A slight grimace colours his face. “I don’t have visitors. You’re the only one who has stayed long enough. I…forgot I can no longer do that.” Sorrow fills his eyes again. “I’m sorry my actions made you feel feared.”“No, it’s alright,” Jeongguk rushes to say. He aches to—to do something, to pat Taehyung on his shoulder. But that would be crossing a line. Yet, he hates the guilty look on his face and wants it gone. “How about this—you’ve done nothing wrong, but perhaps we can make amends by preparing a better meal than gruel and bread?”He’s joking, and he expects Taehyung to tell him to fuck off, for being his horrible human self and to remember his place—but once again he’s taken by surprise. Taehyung smiles, some of the guilt bleeding away, and nods.“I suppose we could do that, Jeongguk. You deserve it.”A tentative truce reignites between them once again, and Jeongguk hopes this one lasts till the end of his days.~ 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Fourteen|

   
That evening, after he’s done with his task for the day, Jeongguk makes his way over to Taehyung’s home with nervousness lining his gut. For the first time, there are lanterns placed outside and a sense of life thrums from within. When Jeongguk toes off his sandals and enters at last, relief settles into his bones and makes a home inside.The scent of lavender and sage is ever-present, with other herbs and spices making their way through. Jeongguk sniffs carefully, trying to tell apart the ingredients from smell alone; the cottage is warm and welcoming with the dreary rains outside. He spots Taehyung standing near the counter, now covered with a variety of food that Jeongguk hadn’t ever seen before. Where Taehyung had procured them from was a mystery, but the sight of familiar food sends pangs of nostalgia down.Jeongguk clears his throat and Taehyung looks up, eyes wide. He sends a brief smile that pierces Jeongguk’s heart a little, warmth bursting inside at the very notion of it on Taehyung’s face. He hurries over the counter and watches as Taehyung prepares some of the dishes. Besides him, a knife is chopping away at some leaves, aided by magic. It’s fascinating.Taehyung is also quite the skilled cook, though the way he prepares the dishes are different from what Jeongguk has seen and learnt. There is a lot of reliance on magic to do the most inane of tasks, and Jeongguk only stands, wringing his hands together because he doesn’t know what to do or how to help out. So far, Taehyung hasn’t asked him for aid in any of the steps.“Is there somewhere I can help out in?” Jeongguk asks after a while, unable to bear simple standing and doing nothing. Taehyung, who had been in the middle of salting and curing the meat, looks up and sends one of those odd, rare smiles that set off the flutters inside. He shakes his head before going back to his tasks.“No need, Jeongguk, I’m almost done,” Taehyung replies, placing the slices of meat on the pan and revelling in the sizzling after. The crisp sound of it is like music to Jeongguk’s ears. “Can’t have you working for a meal that’s meant for you now, can I?”There are notes of teasing in Taehyung’s tone, and the smile right after reaches his eyes; Jeongguk’s never felt more…shy. Yes, that’s it. He’s not used to this form of Taehyung, the one who apparently smiles and teases, who seems like a normal human being, save for the magic all around him. But Jeongguk can ignore that for a moment and marvel at who stands before him.“I don’t think that’s what we agreed on,” Jeongguk whines, pouting for greater effect because really, preparing a scrumptious meal for two people by oneself was too much. But Taehyung waves him off, silently pointing at the magic that’s engaged in several tasks: the chopping of vegetables, the simultaneous scrubbing of dishes, the tending of the firewood—it’s everywhere, and Jeongguk understands why Taehyung isn’t so bothered. Still. “Do you use your magic for every little thing?”Taehyung pokes at the meat with a spare knife, ladling leftover oil on the missing areas which renews the sizzling. He turns one over, and the smell is enough to make Jeongguk’s stomach grumble. He hastily clutches at it, but Taehyung’s smile doesn’t go amiss.He takes his time to answer, however, and this time Jeongguk doesn’t feel nervous about the silence. He’s learning to read the moods in between.Taehyung turns towards him, leaning against the counter. “There was once a time I couldn’t practice at all,” he starts, and the same sorrow lights up briefly in his eyes before vanishing. “I suppose it’s like a backbone now. Not very healthy, however, so I suppose you’re right in questioning the use.”Then he carries on.Jeongguk isn’t clear, because Taehyung didn’t explain why he couldn’t practice. But this time, Jeongguk doesn’t ask or probe even if the curiosity burns inside. It isn’t his place to know every single thing about Taehyung; he has to trust the other to feel okay enough to tell him one day, and also trust him even if he doesn’t. Jeongguk has no rights to Taehyung, after all, no matter how long they are to remain companions in this land.Taehyung takes pity at Jeongguk’s growing restlessness, perhaps, for he halts the magic of some of the tasks and hands over the knife to Jeongguk, who accepts eagerly. Their hands brush as the exchange happens, only this time they linger. Taehyung doesn’t snap his hand back and Jeongguk marvels at how soft they are. And really, at how soft Taehyung’s gaze seems to be when Jeongguk looks up to meet his eyes.Flutters dance along the seams of his heart and chest, warmth blooming on his cheeks and under his collar. He looks away and tightens his grip on the knife, taking the remaining leaves and placing them on the chopping board.Taehyung remains close by his side, perhaps a tad bit too close—not that Jeongguk minds, because this is Taehyung’s home and Jeongguk is the guest. Taehyung can do whatever he likes, including standing so close to Jeongguk that heat bleeds from his robes, that they even brush against his forearms and he nearly sighs at the soft velvet of it. Jeongguk is absolutely fine, beyond pleased that he can co-exist with Taehyung so peacefully.Jeongguk cooks the way Seokjin had taught him; it wasn’t much, but Yoongi had been adamant in Jeongguk knowing the basics, in case he was cast off or had to be placed in an inn that didn’t provide food. Heaviness treads softly on his chest as he finds how he carries their imprints with him everywhere he goes, and how he will for the rest of his life even if he never sees them again. It’s a bittersweet understanding, one that he knows he ought to make peace with soon or else it would eat at him, become his undoing.He tries to move away from the influx of those thoughts and that familiar sadness by observing Taehyung, seeing him do something so different yet new, learn something more about him. How he works silently, how his way of cooking speaks of the place he came from. The sleeves of his robe are rolled up, revealing slim fingers and tanned arms that have a sure-fire way around the small kitchen Taehyung’s come up with.How they’ve changed and grown. Jeongguk recognises the counter from the time when he’d been the one laid on it, poked and prodded at by Taehyung as if he were a curious thing and not a person in his own right. Now he’s here, cooking with Taehyung for a meal they would share, and being at the receiving end of Taehyung’s kindness, if Jeongguk could even call it that. Taehyung may not be opening up and prefers to keep to himself, but at least Jeongguk has a chance.It makes him think, just—how Taehyung came about to be, he supposes. As he peals the cabbage leaves apart for the side dishes his mother had taught him, Jeongguk wonders if he could ask just a little bit more—he was greedy, and nothing was ever enough. Certainly not an enigma like Taehyung.“How did you learn the world tongue?” He says into the silence, offset by the sounds of sizzling and chopping, the tear of the leaves. Taehyung pauses before cutting into the meat some more; Jeongguk long stopped wondering where the meat came from if only to help his conscience settle.He has been curious about where Taehyung picked up his language from. So far Jeongguk has been speaking in the common world tongue, mandatorily taught to all in Sinwang as a part of their education, and especially for those inclined towards being travellers or emissaries. Jeongguk had to brush up on his knowledge in his one year of training; it had been natural to use it when he came across Taehyung. He’d been too lost to wonder back then, at how Taehyung had replied effortlessly, a bland accent over his words.“Is that what your people call it?” Taehyung questions back, preparing the spice concoction for the side dishes while the new batch of meat sizzles.Jeongguk shrugs. Taehyung probably didn’t know what the languages were called. It was impressive how much he knew and yet how little. “Yes. It’s the common tongue spoken all over the world for trade and politics. We do have our own national language too, however.”Taehyung hums like it makes sense. Then, he shrugs as well. “You know how many shipwrecks have happened over the years. Enough that there are stories about it.”“Yes.”“So it’s simple. Ships would have treasure, and I devoured the books mostly,” Taehyung answers, a little more readily than all the other times. Something has truly changed. “Sometimes I would…keep the humans a long time and ask them to teach me. Or well, influence them, since they were so rude.”Jeongguk earlier would have bristled at the notion of Taehyung making use of prisoners this way, but ever since he’s learned that Taehyung himself is cast-off and how he has had to defend himself, he’s a little more lenient. “That’s impressive. To learn a language without any formal education in it.”Taehyung chuckles, another one of those odd additions that Jeongguk is simply not used to. “Well, magic helped. Allowed me to expand my mind enough.”He applies the paste to the leaves Jeongguk had shred, a slow, methodological process that hypnotises Jeongguk. He feels a burst of admiration for this man next to him, even with all the echoes of things he doesn’t know. “That’s still a feat. Learning languages is hard.”Taehyung tilts his head as if contemplating. “I suppose when one has time, anything is possible, isn’t it?”“Except leaving, I suppose,” Jeongguk jokes back before slapping his hand across his mouth, shock replacing the warmth at how he just ruined the slow camaraderie. He can see Taehyung freeze for a moment before continuing, his expression muted. Jeongguk wishes to hit himself, especially when he sees the familiar sorrow colour Taehyung’s edges—and it hurts to see. For a brazen moment, he wants to do something, to ease the pain somehow, but—Taehyung shivers a little as if to shake off the brief melancholy of the words. He turns to Jeongguk and smiles, though this time it doesn’t reach his eyes. “Except that.”He knows the moment is graver than the attempt at joining the joke, and the mood is sombre. There’s something about leaving that’s connected to Taehyung’s…behaviour, the past couple of days because the sorrow doesn’t leave Taehyung. It never really does, but usually, the witch is good at hiding himself, building his walls and keeping Jeongguk guessing. There’s only a small hunch that points Jeongguk towards this line of thought, but he doesn’t probe—afraid of ruining the fragile peace.Jeongguk hates how he’s walking on eggshells—of a different kind because this isn’t mitigated by fear. Well, there is fear, he doesn’t think humans could truly be free of it, but the fear is not of angering Taehyung, but rather—of making sure Taehyung doesn’t break. He needs that assurance inside that he wouldn’t do something so stupid that he would send Taehyung scurrying back.He’s not sure if he could take the silence anymore if that happens. || It's late evening by the time dinner is ready: a variety of grilled meat, side dishes and roasted vegetables that don’t belong on an island in the middle of nowhere. Jeongguk’s mouth had watered at the sight until Taehyung had sent him out with a roll of his eyes, telling him to set firewood near the table.The rain had mercifully halted its persistent assault, leaving behind a pleasant breeze and a chill in the air that caused shivers down Jeongguk’s spine. The sand was wet underneath his feet and presently, Jeongguk’s busy tending to the ring of fire he’s created, its heat a welcome reprieve.He’s adding more wood to the fire when he hears the rustle of Taehyung’s robes and finds him walking out, dishes floating in the air behind him. It’s a fascinating thing to watch, and Jeongguk finds he can’t take his eyes away from the procession.Can’t take his eyes away from Taehyung.Taehyung is silent when he reaches the ring, carefully settling down some bowls and then taking the dishes one by one as if some invisible servants were holding them patiently. He settles down, brushing the sand off the boulder he’s meant to sit on.Surrounded by a crackling fire, the fragrance of a variety of food and the cool breeze feels too intimate with how it’s just the two of them and the silence of the land, now that the rain has stopped and the waves are calm once more. Jeongguk doesn’t know where to look: does he look at this gift of a spread, or does he stare at Taehyung and drink him in some more?“Shall we begin then?” Taehyung asks, breaking the silence that had befallen upon them. His voice is soft as ever, but there is nervousness lining his eyes, his hands clasped together. It echoes what Jeongguk’s feeling inside his entire being. “The food will get cold.”Jeongguk nods, a little subdued. He doesn’t know where the banter and teasing of earlier disappeared, or why he’s so nervous right now. There’s nothing special about this, except that Taehyung had agreed to his joke of a request and had gone out of his way to prepare something unique for him. Sure, with the magic present, but it was more than a captor was supposed to provide, wasn’t it?Jeongguk opts to shut down his thoughts by shovelling in the first cut of the meat.“Oh, by the gods,” he moans as the flavour bursts into his mouth and coats his tongue in an amalgamation of tastes he can’t focus on. Taehyung had asked him not to interfere with the meat specifically, and he understands why. “Oh, I think I’m in heaven.”“Is it up to your liking then?” Taehyung asks, gaze shy as he fiddles with his own plate. Jeongguk wishes he could simply get into Taehyung’s mind if only for a moment and show him how he feels right now.“Didn’t you hear me right now?” Jeongguk retorts, shovelling in the next cut with some of the assorted vegetables and near crying. He missed quality food so much. “Ah, Taehyung, this is beyond excellence.”He looks up just in time to find Taehyung blushing, vibrant in the golden glow of the fire beneath. “It’s not much. A small contribution on my end.”“It made my night, so don’t dismiss it like that,” Jeongguk implores, wanting to see Taehyung’s eyes so he knows how much Jeongguk meant it. “Is it a family recipe?”He knows he’s said something incorrect once more when Taehyung’s hand freezes, eyes guarded and careful before he offers another one of those tight smiles. Jeongguk’s learning how much he hates those. “Just—just the way my people prepared their meat. I used to like it as a child.”Family—a difficult topic for Taehyung then. Jeongguk doesn’t think Taehyung realises how very obvious he is about his pain, but he won’t point it out. “Thank you for sharing it with me, then.”Taehyung looks up, eyes wide like he didn’t think this was something to be grateful for, but Jeongguk’s learning that perhaps, Taehyung’s not received a lot of…love, either way. Appreciation, if he’s being succinct. He racks his brain for something else to talk about, to move away from the topic that seems to pierce Taehyung so.“Is the breeze your doing?” He asks, hitting blindly at whatever comes to his mind. He’d known that the rains had turned the island muggy, a sticky sort of heat that never left his skin. Jeongguk’s used to that sort of weather and has never enjoyed the aftermath of rains. Yet, the breeze that flows all around is cool, causing goosebumps along his skin. The linen is too thin to protect him and he’s grateful for the fire.Jeongguk can feel more than see Taehyung relaxing, losing that favoured tense edge and coming back to himself. He digs into his food with fervour and finds Taehyung looking at him with a secretive smile, eyes shining in the fire. He then lifts a finger to his lips and looks so playful yet ridiculous that Jeongguk—laughs.It’s been a while, but with warm food in his belly and the pleasant chill all around, it’s easier to let go. There’s nothing funny, but it’s so light-hearted, reminding him of a childhood where secrets were the currency and how he’d play hide-and-seek with an intensity unrequired of it. Taehyung gazes at him for a split moment before joining in him.Taehyung’s laugh could be a musical creation of its own.In all his time here, Jeongguk’s heard the various sounds Taehyung makes: the chuckles, the scoffs and the humming when he thinks he’s alone. All are stored inside his head, a memoir he has unknowingly attributed to Taehyung. This laugh, however, has to be his favourite out of all of them. It is loud and pure, and nothing like he’s heard before.Jeongguk is helpless; he can only stare. His laugh melts into small giggles as he takes in some more meat; there is a soft smile gracing his face that reaches his eyes, highlights all of Taehyung best features. He looks free, which is what echoes in Jeongguk’s mind. How wonderful Taehyung seems, when he allows himself that freedom from—from himself, perhaps, and how ethereal in the campfire that lights his face and the curves of his eyes. How, just for a moment, he seems like an ordinary human Jeongguk met at the beach.Not for the first time Jeongguk’s made aware again of how beautiful Taehyung is, though that word has always fallen short. As he watches Taehyung eat thoughtfully, even at peace for a moment, his mind travels in another direction altogether, one that he hasn’t thought about but now that it blooms forth, isn’t as unnatural as he’d thought it could be.As he forces himself to take in one more bite, though he would like nothing but to just look and see, Jeongguk wonders of a reality where he might have come across Taehyung in one of Sunsong’s many taverns. How Taehyung would have stood out, a foreigner through and through catching the eyes of all the others—and how Jeongguk would have beat them all anyway, for he never lost. What would it have been like, to meet Taehyung so humanly, so normally? Would he have been as cold or aloof? Would he have brushed away Jeongguk’s attempt to pursue him or giggled at him as he did just now, shy yet interested?He gobbles down the food as he looks away, tries not to let his mind wander but it’s too late. He can sense Taehyung close by, smell his lavender and sage and how warm he is. Perhaps in this reality, back when he would have been the reckless boy with no care in the world, he would have begged Taehyung for a chance. One didn’t pass up on beauty like that, especially when they were travellers or emissaries who would stay for a short time. Jeongguk gulps down the water as he thinks of how Taehyung would have been; in his head, Taehyung would have been playful, maybe, a lot of coy smiles but wicked teeth in dark corners of the inn rooms or alleyways. He would have run, the chase a part of the thrill that would have intrigued Jeongguk beyond anything. And oh, when he would have caught him—Jeongguk stabs the meat with his fork as he presses nails into his thighs. The plate rattles slightly from the force of it, dragging Taehyung’s attention from the ocean and looking at Jeongguk so innocently. Disgust clings to his insides as Jeongguk realises just what he’d been indulging in: a terrible, inappropriate fantasy whose main subject had been right there in front of him, innocent and unaware. His cheeks heat and palms sweat, and he sends a tight smile Taehyung’s way that he hopes doesn’t show how he almost lost control of his mind. By the gods, Jeongguk, haven’t you changed at all?“Are you okay?” Taehyung asks, concern laced into his tone as his gaze slips down to where Jeongguk’s holding the fork like his life depends on it. He relaxes, holds the utensil loosely and proceeds with eating, really, stuffing his face to the brim with meat and vegetables with a surprising ferocity that obviously concerns Taehyung. “You, uh. Nearly broke the plate. Not that it can’t be fixed.”Jeongguk chews, wanting the sound to drown out the lingering whispers of the image in his head, the suddenness of it and how it stands in contrast to the Taehyung in front. He swallows gingerly, knowing he’s being absolutely ridiculous. He can see Taehyung wanting to hold back his laughter. “I’m absolutely wonderful. This meal is gods-sent.”“Isn’t that a little too much? Considering I made it…” Taehyung hums, tilting his head. Jeongguk stuffs in one more wrap and Taehyung raises an eyebrow. “Perhaps you should slow down.”“Slowing down would mean an insult to you, oh creator of the food,” Jeongguk tries, and Taehyung laughs once more. Jeongguk nearly chokes on his food, his breath caught by being graced with this gift in such little time.Jeongguk mustn’t. He shouldn’t entertain that litany of thoughts, that sudden image now or ever—but Taehyung’s smile is like gazing at the sunset in Sunsong at the end of a long day. It’s not calculated or hidden but unbidden. The Jeongguk who chased men and women, however, was an old Jeongguk, a not so responsible one—and he can’t fall back into the role. He pinches his thighs once more, discreetly, and wakes up from his fantasy. The old Jeongguk is gone, and Taehyung isn’t a chance stranger in a bar to ravish as he pleases, simply because Jeongguk wouldn’t meet him ever again.Even if Taehyung isn’t like anyone he’s ever met in all his years alive. He doesn’t know why. Doesn’t even know Taehyung or about him to make that distinction, but it is there, written into his bones. There is a magnetic presence around the witch and Jeongguk can’t help himself. Maybe it is magic, and the otherworldly presence that follows Taehyung around, but for all his flaws and the way he behaved with Jeongguk earlier—he’s not someone Jeongguk can ignore. He has tried and failed miserably; Taehyung refuses to leave his mind.All this he thinks in the moments he’s captured by Taehyung, watching him once more and coming to terms with how enigmatic the other is. And Jeongguk shouldn’t, he really shouldn’t think of him in those ways, especially with all the past hurts he has gathered; Jeongguk doesn’t want to be like those others. Yet here he is, looking at Taehyung as if it’s the first time.Taehyung notices and gradually his laugh tapers off, growing pink and painfully shy under Jeongguk’s focus. Yet, he holds the attention too, and Jeongguk feels the same flutters dancing along his edges again.“Is there something on me?” Taehyung asks, fingers gracefully touching his face, in ways that this brazen, wanton part of Jeongguk aches to. What is wrong with him? “Why are you looking at me like that?”Taehyung sounds confused, eyebrows frowning and Jeongguk can’t help it. He knows he shouldn’t, knows that he’s dipping his toes into strange water but he decides to take a gamble, and—“I like your laugh,” he says quietly, a breeze fluttering nearby. Taehyung, who had been poking about his skin, stops. “It’s very honest. You should do it more often.”His palms sweat once more and he wipes them on his trousers, gulps down the ball of nervousness stuck in his throat as his heart begins racing to match the anxiety in his mind. Really? Is that what he went with? You should do it more often, like he’s a village Casanova. But Jeongguk’s said the words, scratching the back of his neck to get rid of the sudden shame he feels and tries not to look at Taehyung or how, in these stolen glances, he’s pinker still.The silence is offset by the crackle of the fire beneath, that Taehyung pokes at periodically to keep going. Both sit with their knees closed and hands curled into themselves, the suddenness of Jeongguk’s comment echoing about.“It’s strange hearing these compliments,” Taehyung says after a while, staring into the fire like it carries all the answers in the world. Perhaps a secret escape from this moment. “It’s a rarity.”Jeongguk frowns. Someone like Taehyung surely received buckets of praise; Jeongguk had never seen a more enigmatic person before. “Why? Did no one ever tell them before?”Taehyung presses his lips into a thin line, hugging his knees and refusing to make contact with Jeongguk. The fire shines in his eyes, the smoke a comforting scent. Jeongguk instantly knows the sadness the question begets; everything about Taehyung is lined with it.Waves crash around them, their sound a lullaby crooning Jeongguk to sleep. He holds on, however, because he knows the moment isn’t over. This isn’t Taehyung keeping quiet but him contemplating in that silent, brooding way of his.His gamble turns out right once more when Taehyung straightens, gazing into the sea. His hair rustles in the constant breeze and like this, he proves his otherworldliness once more. If Jeongguk were a painter, he would have committed this image to his mind forever.“I wasn’t the sort to be complimented,” Taehyung says, voice so soft it nearly drowns in the ocean around. “Where I come from, compliments, praise—these bear a heavy price. It’s better not to be seen.”Or so Taehyung says, but every word drips with loneliness so keen Jeongguk keels over from it; wants to kneel into the sand and—and take Taehyung’s hand, perhaps, just to let him know all the compliments Jeongguk’s ever known. What blasted place had Taehyung come from to deny something so simple?Jeongguk didn’t like the spotlight he garnered, often considered it more a hindrance than a boon but he knows he wouldn’t have thrived if he’d received none of it. To be appreciated was central…and someone as gifted as Taehyung; what family had he come from? And why did Jeongguk ache so?The question is on his lips. He knows he shouldn’t, knows he’s already crossed so many lines pushing Taehyung but the unfairness pricks at him.“Where—where do you come from—” he’s cut off by a cry, sudden and sharp and grating on his ears so intensely he slaps his hands over them, thoughts disturbed by the cries. They scratch, instigating a clawing sensation from deep within Jeongguk hates immediately. “What’s—what’s that supposed to be?”Taehyung, who is alert on his side, only huffs, a fond eye-roll sent the way of the ocean. He doesn’t seem too bothered, which contradicts the nervousness Jeongguk’s feeling. The cries come again, and it’s not something he can get used to. Taehyung notices and smiles sheepishly. “Ah, those are my sirens.”The clouds in the sky, thick as ever but clearing slowly make way for the full moon shining bright, illuminating the surfaces around them; in the distance, Jeongguk thinks he can see something. The trepidation grows, along with the periodic screeches that begin to take on a mesmerising edge, heaviness lingering on Jeongguk’s mind. A pull that draws him towards the seas.He shakes himself, stamping his foot hard enough to attract Taehyung’s attention, who stares right back. Jeongguk heats up, aware of how deranged he must be looking. But the clarity doesn’t last, the voices filling in again though it’s almost like white noise.“They…they sound strange,” Jeongguk puts out carefully. Taehyung’s fondness hadn’t gone amiss and he doesn’t want to offend the other by mistake.“It has been a while for them,” Taehyung murmurs, tilting his head in contemplation. Then, his eyes light up, his body animated. It quickly shifts to shyness, lowering his eyes and looking through the eyelashes like a young bride, gods how utterly gorgeous—Jeongguk shakes his head again, the voices maligning what he’s seeing in front. What the fuck is he doing and thinking? Why are they so incessant?“Been a while for what,” he mutters, clutching his thigh again as the screeches echo and beckon him (towards what?) and a low-grade pain throbs around his temples. Taehyung is silent before he stands suddenly, now looking down at Jeongguk.“Do you want to see them, perhaps?”Jeongguk stops short, looking up at Taehyung. At the soft but real smile on his face, the excitement shining through. A smart man would say no, especially a human-like him who the sirens would like to feast upon. But Jeongguk’s not a smart man, and he nods.He’d nod a thousand times again just to see Taehyung’s smile bloom across his face over and over.  The first thing they do is walk back to the cottage and stop near the pigpen.At this time of the night, the animals are usually sleeping, on top of each other covered with filth head to toe. Jeongguk hasn’t been here a long time, and he has thanked his stars often that he doesn’t have to, not anymore. Taehyung stopped him from killing and skinning them a while back, a small act of mercy. He knows the killings still happen, but he’s not burdened with them anymore.Jeongguk stays behind and out of the way while Taehyung quietly unlocks the gate, treading silently. The pigs feel his magic anyway, for their squeals echo almost instantly and they nearly crush each other trying to back away from Taehyung. Jeongguk doesn’t want to see but he can’t tear his eyes away from the way Taehyung sighs, almost bored, before snapping his fingers. Magic burns purple in the air as one line of it goes for one of the pigs, dragging it away from the rest of the troupe while it squeals like its life depends on it. Which, it does.Unlike before, Taehyung doesn’t slit their necks; he chucks it out of the pen and holds his hand into a fist, freezing the pig right where it stands. The smell of piss and shit grows and Jeongguk covers his nose delicately, having forgotten how bad it stank. How sifting in it had once been his daily life.Gods, he really is glad he and Taehyung mended something.Taehyung doesn’t come out, however, still standing tall and his head tilted. Assessing the pigs in front.“My lovely ones won’t be satisfied with one, will they Jeongguk?” Taehyung says, his voice as dreamy as the cries echo in the night sky. “I think one more should do it.”He does the same process as before, and out comes another one of the alive buggers, squealing so pathetically Jeongguk turns away before his spent heart aches even more. Not my burden. This is not my burden.Over and over again.He turns back just in time to see Taehyung locking it shut, waving mockingly at the rest of the pigs. Well, at least that disgust for the transformed animals hadn’t gone alright, even if Taehyung seemed to have mellowed out for the better. He trudges towards Jeongguk, only stopping to touch the pigs once on their snouts before beckoning Jeongguk to pick one of them.“I have to carry them?” Jeongguk asks, dumbfounded when Taehyung lifts one and promptly drops it in Jeongguk’s arms without ceremony. “Alive?”Taehyung is busy tending to the pig in his arms, almost carrying it lovingly like it’s not a transformed pirate or looter he hates. “Yes. The sirens like their sacrifices with respect. And very much alive.”What the fuck, Jeongguk thinks, keeping it to himself as he stumbles to follow Taehyung, who carries the pig like he’s used to this. Seriously, how many looters had come through that Taehyung never seemed to run out of the pigs? Jeongguk’s sure he’s had pig stew or some variation of the animal for his meals in all his time here; still, they never disappear. And they certainly don’t weigh any less, if the way his arms strain with the weight of the one he’s carrying is any indication.It shivers in fear, and Jeongguk resists the urge to calm it down, to quell down his instincts of helping out animals and the like. Has to remind himself that they were pirates, looters and travellers led astray that treated Taehyung dishonourably, and deserved the fate that was coming.Funny how the mind never paid attention to such things when its only focus was the raw guilt churning in Jeongguk’s belly.The trek takes a different route altogether, away from the shore and the land that had become as familiar to Jeongguk as his home. He wonders where the sirens stay and how; recalls seeing them tear into the bodies of his men and leave the oceans frothing red. He knows he would have been prey as well, recalls flashes of sharp teeth and stench of rotten meat before he’d been pulled under. And then he’d found himself on the burning sand, barely alive.What would it be like to see them in person, and not run?Taehyung picks up pace, walking faster. He doesn’t seem to be breaking a sweat, gait straight and proud as he walks, the pig in his arms unusually silent unlike the one in Jeongguk’s hold. When he starts whistling, the air around them halts, the cries cutting off immediately in a way that clears up Jeongguk’s ears.He realises Taehyung’s calling out to them in a series of melodic whistles.What had Taehyung said once? That he had made the creatures, had even crooned and talked about them with such fondness Jeongguk had nearly spat at his feet. As if such monstrosities were something to be proud of. And yet, the longer Jeongguk has stayed and understood Taehyung, the more he’s learnt how depraving loneliness can be.How a creature would do anything not to be alone.The trek ends at a familiar outcropping of rocks jutting out into the sea, waves crashing into them with such ferocity they roar in his ears. The waters are murky dark, and the moon glides over it with silver-edged beauty. Jeongguk doesn’t recall much about getting shipwrecked and the after, but he has the flashes in his head. The way the cold water had entered his lungs, the way he had given up before his hand had been clutched and—He glances at Taehyung, who climbs onto the first rock with sure feet. Jeongguk remembers seeing a dark silhouette of a man standing at that very rock, robed and hidden, holding out his hand for Jeongguk to cling to before he was pulled out of the water. The hiss of the sirens nearby and how somehow, they hadn’t torn into him.Taehyung had saved him back then when he could have easily let him meet his destined fate. A shiver runs down his spine now as he thinks of how he’s to meet the very creatures he escaped from.Taehyung doesn’t let up his whistling, occasionally foraying into a melodic tune. The hum of cries begin picking up, as if the sirens, wherever they are hidden, recognised their master and are coming out of their holes. Jeongguk stares at the water, clutching the pig as he waits, terror worming its way through blood and bones. To meet the famed creatures at last—A head pokes out of the water, and Jeongguk forgets to breathe.At first glance, with the moon as his guiding light, it’s the ugliest thing he has ever seen. As more of it comes out, Jeongguk can’t help but gasp, before slapping a hand over his mouth. The creature stays in the water, but he can see the dark hair on its head, the bald spots in between like it had torn its own skin out. More begin to show around it, all similar to the first and just as ugly. Their skin is molted grey but their lips are blood red, and their eyes are sunken into their faces, tinged yellow. When they edge near the bolder, near where Taehyung stands, their bodies reach out halfway and they’re covered with feathers, matted and useless but gracing them anyway.And when they smile, the rows of sharp teeth are enough to propel Jeongguk to pray in his head.“Master,” the first one rasps, voice so hoarse it grates on Jeongguk’s ears. Clearly, it is the leader of the flock, some seven or eight of them who crowd around it, clawing at the rocks. They never leave the water, though, and that provides Jeongguk with brief relief. They also don’t seem to have noticed him yet, and he thanks the gods once again.“My lovely ones,” Taehyung croons, his first words after an unbearably silent walk. Jeongguk startles at the softness, the warmth dripping from his chords and the sirens yip, like—like little puppies, he thinks, happy to have Taehyung’s attention. They seem much too wild to be considered pets, and yet. “It has been a long time.”“Yes, Master. Long time,” the leader responds in the same raspy tone, and the others echo long time over and over. It seems they cannot speak, only the first having the ability to do so. “You have brought prey.”Prey, prey, prey, the words echo, and Jeongguk hopes they don’t mean him. But clearly, the group is looking at the pig in Taehyung’s arms, hunger evident in their face.“I have,” Taehyung murmurs, petting the pig down its back. “The rains came early.”“The rains took away food,” the leader hisses. The sirens all hiss around it in a chilling cacophony. “Humans have not travelled.”Jeongguk clutches the pig’s hide at that. No travellers mean no human had yet undertaken this suicidal quest. He’s sure the news of his disappearance had served as a fresh warning. As they should, to avoid the fate he is burdened with and yet, Jeongguk’s heart pangs with grief.“I’m sorry, little ones. I neglected you so,” Taehyung continues. He hasn’t indicated Jeongguk’s with him and so, he keeps himself hidden, even in plain view. The sirens are fixated on the animal. “Here, feast merrily.”Taehyung drops the pig in their midst and Jeongguk learns he never wants to hear those horrible sounds ever again, until the day he dies.The sirens rip into the animal, who squeals until its cut off just as suddenly. There is a squabble for meat, the sirens competing amongst themselves and tearing into each other should someone come for their chunk. All the while Jeongguk stands frozen, heart beating so fast he can’t hear his thoughts. The water pools dark red, strings of tendon floating about before they’re lapped up by some of the sirens.Jeongguk’s going to be sick.“Better not to dishonour them by showing disgust,” Taehyung says, next to him now and gazing into the water with utter fondness, as if he offered a bone to his favourite dog. “They’re incredibly sensitive. If they know they’re not wanted, they’ll cling even more.”“They’re…they’re terrifying,” Jeongguk stutters, the cold of the ocean breeze flickering through the linen. “By the gods, you made them.”“A spell gone wrong,” Taehyung says casually. Jeongguk’s seen Taehyung’s prowess so long he can’t comprehend there was a time the man didn’t know his way around magic. “I got over-eager, was hasty in its implementation. But they were so helpless, poor starving little things. I couldn’t finish them.”Jeongguk wants to say how terrible they are but he can sense the deep connection Taehyung has with them. It’s something like a parental bond almost, though it’s not as deep. A bond based on mutual respect rather than dependency. “They don’t defer to you, do they?”Taehyung smiles. “No. They’re mighty creatures. They were free the moment I released them and they had their first hunt. But we have something of an understanding.”“They bring you sailors, you bring them meat?”Taehyung shrugs. Jeongguk is merely curious, not judging anymore. “I let them be,” Taehyung says. Almost as if there were other creatures that Taehyung hadn’t been so benevolent with. Jeongguk remembers the attack of the Kraken that killed half his crew but he’d never stopped to think if Taehyung had made that creature as well. He hoped not. “I am their master, but beyond that, I don’t own them. I don’t control them. They understand and keep away, do not include me in their hunts.”“They would hunt you?” Jeongguk asks, a little shocked. But the sirens are so ferocious. He looks at one sucking on the marrow of the pig’s rib bone.“Sirens have no loyalty to any except their own,” Taehyung says, hands crossed in front. “I admire that. Such loyalty is comforting. Had it been as the spell intended, I would have been their meal a long time ago.”Huh. What an interesting revelation, and more than anything Taehyung’s ever said. He must be in an exceptionally good mood today. He even stands close to Jeongguk, who still has the insufferable pig in his arms. He probably stinks like one, but Taehyung doesn’t seem to mind. His arms brush with Jeongguk’s and even that’s enough to leave behind a streak of warmth in the wake of ocean cold.“Good that the spell backfired then, huh?” Jeongguk retorts jokingly. Taehyung turns away from the ocean to look at him then, a smile on his face. This way the moon gleans of his nose, the slope of it highlighted in a way that Taehyung looks regal, looks unlike anything but whatever species he claims he’s from—Fae was it? Yes. They’re nearly at eye level, and Jeongguk stinks like a pig but Taehyung is so close, he doesn’t back away even when Jeongguk finds himself wanting to borrow the warmth.Taehyung, however, shouldn’t have looked away from the gaggle of the creatures because they seemed to be more attuned to him than he let on. There is a collective hiss in the air that chills Jeongguk to the bone and raises his hackles, arms tightening around the pig. He turns towards the water and finds himself staring into eight pairs of eyes intensely focused on him. Like he’s their next meal.“Who is this, Master?” The leader rasps, tendons stuck in its teeth while a thin line of blood drips down its chin. It’s utterly gruesome, but Jeongguk can’t look away. He presses against Taehyung on instinct, hoping Taehyung’s immunity passes to him by association. “We have not seen an alive human before.”“This is the one I saved, lovely,” Taehyung says, parting so suddenly Jeongguk finds himself clutching his robes, holding him back. Taehyung looks back, amused. “This is Jeongguk. He has more to offer.”Then Taehyung pulls him forward and pushes him. Jeongguk nearly stumbles into the water, but he holds out. The sirens follow his every move. “What the fuck am I supposed to do?” He hisses and smiles painfully at the group below.“Throw in the pig, Jeongguk,” Taehyung drawls. Right. He is not the prey, the prey is in his arms. Yet, Jeongguk is frozen. He keeps staring at these ungodly creatures, the way their eyes are wild with hunger and a cruel sort of intelligence, not like humans but something sinister.Jeongguk knows he should have thrown in the pig and backed away immediately, because suddenly, there is a pressing weight into his temples, all around his head and an explosion of sounds.
  Look what lingers in his mind. 

  Master! It is the master. 

  So much fondness for the Master!
The voices clamour inside, even as Jeongguk drops the pig and clutches his head to stop them. He can’t hear anything else, can’t think of anything except the pain that throbs behind his head, the flashes of images that don’t make sense—What could the little human want most, he hears loud and clear, familiar gradations of the leader’s voice cutting through the rest. He can hear the distant sound of flesh being ripped into again, but it’s less loud than before. Because the sirens are paying attention to him and holding on to him.Jeongguk clenches his teeth as unfamiliar, unwanted images begin to grow in his mind. Of a bright, sunlit land that looks nothing like the island or even Sunsong. He struggles but it’s to no avail for he finds himself slipping down, down down—
  He is on a ship, brand new and beautiful as if she were made with care. Jeongguk stands at the hull, his clothes clean and unlike the linen he usually gets from Taehyung. He is facing some land, a gorgeous little cut somewhere out of the way. He whistles in happiness. 

  And then he feels a pair of arms wrap around him from behind. They’re a comforting weight, in this vision, and Jeongguk leans back in contentment. Everything is right in the world, especially when he is surrounded by lavender and sage. 

  Lavender and sage. 
Jeongguk stamps his foot hard and shakes his head, but the lasting image of turning around to face Taehyung in the vision is burnt into the crevices of his mind. Taehyung and him, away in another place. The vision is so cruel Jeongguk nearly cries, for he was free in it just as he wanted but why was Taehyung with him—He desires freedom, one of the sirens cackles in his mind, leaning against the rock below while the pain slowly recedes.He desires the master too, another responds, and they cackle together, which is more like a series of hacking hisses. What a greedy little man.Jeongguk burns at their words, burns at the images left and tries not to think, to not wonder about the vision and how real it felt, and how, dare he say it—how much he wanted it to be true, just for a moment.But that was all a trick of magic.We can give you that if you join us, little human, the siren whispers, voice no longer raspy but sweet. So sweet he can taste it, like honey drizzled on a toast he used to get served at tea time. You can get all that you want. The voice seizes something inside, cutting through all the pain and numbing him, only making the vision stronger at his edges. He shouldn’t want it but freedom, and freedom with Taehyung where he could help save him, rescue him from his prison, wouldn’t that be so lovely?It would indeed be lovely, the sirens croon, and Jeongguk believes them. They would have a way, they knew these lands and seas better than most. All you have to do is take a step.A step for the better.Jeongguk leans near the edge and steps out with one foot, ready to get what he wants. One moment, it hovers, the sirens leaning back with wicked grins on their red mouths, eyes hungry again. The next, he is pulled back so harshly he’s sure a muscle has been pulled.“Wake up, Jeongguk!” Someone hisses, but Jeongguk’s mind is still a fog, still lulled into the beautiful fantasy the sirens have crafted for him to indulge, and all he needs is to get into the water. It has been promised to him.“Let me go!” He hears himself shriek, struggling against whoever has a hold on his collar. He can fight them off. How can someone hold him back when the answer is so close, how cruel of them—“You need to wake up, Jeongguk! Don’t let them in your head!” The voice shrieks so close to his ears and Jeongguk struggles, driving his foot into the rock for strength. “For the Mother’s sake, Jeongguk— oof!”Jeongguk’s elbowed into the stranger’s ribs, making a mad dash for the edge of the rock. The freedom doesn’t last long before a pair of arms wrap around his waist and pull him back so forcefully his feet leave the ground. For a moment, he is in the air before he slips and falls back, feels someone grunt below as his weight lands on them. Something warm binds him as they roll on the rocks and Jeongguk, at last, finds himself on top of the stranger who stopped him.The stranger looks like Taehyung.Time stops at that moment. Something warm fills up his ears and all sounds are cut off—the sirens, the ocean, even the rustle of trees. There is nothing but the sea at his back and the rock in front, and Taehyung beneath him, breathe rushing out fast, his hair and robes in disarray from the fall. He can’t hear a single sound, not even the sounds of Taehyung’s harsh breathing.With the sound cutting off means the return of himself to his mind and—oh, how devious the little monsters were.Shame fills every orifice he’s ever know himself to possess, and yet it is frozen at this moment. Taehyung lays beneath him and Jeongguk can feel him even if he can’t hear him; the softness of his velvet robe, the press of his chest against Jeongguk’s and how lean it feels, how it does nothing to deter the lingering shame of the images the sirens had shown him, the thoughts he had during the dinner clambering around the edges of his empty mind. Not empty for long but at this moment, all Jeongguk can see and feel is Taehyung. How even if he can’t hear anything he can smell him, smell that comforting lavender and sage that he had never ascribed any meaning to before but would be now cursed to till the end of his time.The moon shines above, casting its glory on all that it sees, and it sees Taehyung. Taehyung, who had looked like royalty before, owns up the moon in ways Jeongguk had never deigned to think of. Had been too focused on survival and escaping his own madness to ever cater to.But now at this moment, he can’t help but think of that alternate time, of a human Taehyung who was but a visitor and someone who had caught Jeongguk’s eyes as his mates teased him for it. Who would have glanced coyly across the room and wrapped Jeongguk all around his fingers.Maybe that’s why Jeongguk reaches and traces the curve of his cheek, from his forehead to his jaw as if something else was controlling him, a mere puppet to their whims and fancies. Traces and stares at how different Taehyung is like this, how he seems to fit somehow. He thinks he feels Taehyung shudder, his mouth slightly open for a hitch of his breathe but everything is empty. Everything is different from a few moments ago.The last of the haze clears out then and his ears pop open as if the magic had decided that Jeongguk was safe from the lures of the siren now. And as the sounds all descend upon him, so do his thoughts and the frozen shame.Shame at what Jeongguk just did, thought and executed. Shame at doing exactly the things he promised himself he never would.Taehyung is still trapped underneath him and the rock’s surface, and he barely moves. The moon shines along the long line of his throat but save that, the witch is perfectly still. His eyes are wide in shock and pressed as they are, Jeongguk realises that he can’t feel the beat of a heart, unlike his own which seems to want to beat its way out of his chest. How bizarre.But the shame propels him forward and Jeongguk shakes himself out, heaving himself up and breaking out of—whatever spell he’d been under. His head aches, his mouth is dry and despite the distance between them, his body cannot forget the warmth he had felt moments earlier.“Jeongguk, are you alright—?”Jeongguk doesn’t bother. He bolts into the dark foliage, away from the rock, seas and—Taehyung.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Fifteen|
 The monotony of days don’t offer the shelter they used to.Jeongguk gets back to the routine of the island the day after the dinner, the one that allows him peace and his sanity intact. He has no way to measure the passage of time and by now, he has no idea how long he’s been on the island. Routine is the only thing that makes sense.Each day passes in this way: he wakes up, puts away his bedding, washes up and has the breakfast that Taehyung sets out, and then proceeds to his workstation where he fiddles around with the boat, or rather, sits by himself. Jeongguk’s adapted to it more or less, and it’s not the most interesting but it’s a start. And he can make peace with it.But these days don’t feel enough anymore, don’t feel right and he knows why they don’t.Things are much the same, but the echo of shame resounding in his bones rattles inside his mind enough to hurt. The dinner had been—well, a success, if he could put it plainly. He knows it was a ploy to simply bridge the gap between Taehyung and him, but he’d never thought it would reveal to something more than that.The dinner, Jeongguk could handle. It was the aftermath, the clash with the sirens that still haunts his memories and wedges the shard of shame time and again.Though Jeongguk had run away from Taehyung that night, their relation hadn’t taken a hit from his impulsive escape. Taehyung had still been there the next morning, small smiles and a heavy breakfast ready when Jeongguk had woken. He’d apologised for the sirens and their magic, though neither had brought to light the moment Jeongguk wanted to desperately forget about but couldn’t.Taehyung beneath, the moon a gliding song on his golden skin and how Jeongguk had shamelessly, oh so recklessly traced the curve of it for a brazen moment—The shame and guilt bubble up once more and Jeongguk claws at his hair, his skin for a brief moment of escape.Taehyung is merciful in not letting that lapse in control impair the new steps they have made towards each other, and for that Jeongguk is grateful. He wishes he could be a better human, could be respectful and know his boundaries. But the truth is—“There you are,” Taehyung says, having found where Jeongguk had tried to find momentary solace, “I have been looking all over for you.”—The truth is, all Jeongguk has is wishes. The reality is painted clearly in his mind, each time Taehyung comes in his vicinity and all Jeongguk can do is stare. To appraise Taehyung in an entirely different light, one he hadn’t thought to think of. Jeongguk wasn’t blind; since the moment he had come ashore he had been taken by how beautiful the man was. Enough that it highlighted how he didn’t belong to Jeongguk’s species. Taehyung’s beauty wasn’t the shock or the reason for his turmoil; it was the way Jeongguk began interpreting it which unfurled the shame deep within.Gorgeous. Beautiful, breath-taking—but also hiding behind shrouds of misery, of mistrust and pain stitched in deep enough that Jeongguk couldn’t hope to unravel it all. Shouldn’t want to, but these days, he’s been feeling a little out of his depth regarding what he should and shouldn’t want.“Ah, I was taking a break,” Jeongguk responds, hoping his voice is normal and doesn’t show his conflict. He doesn’t meet Taehyung’s eyes, instead choosing to focus on the small package Taehyung brought—his lunch for the day. Warm and smelling so much like home, but what was home anymore? What did Jeongguk crave so much that he’d begun to think this island of as that?“In the middle of nowhere?” Taehyung questions, settling nearby on a rock. Jeongguk chooses to sit right under the tree he had been leaning against, knowing this was also a part of the routine—Taehyung joining him for lunch. “This area of the forest isn’t the safest.”“Mm, but you’ll save me if something were to happen to me, wouldn’t you?” Jeongguk retorts, cheek in tongue and enjoys, more than he should, the sharpness of red on Taehyung, how he looks down into his lunch with a smile quirking on his face.Taehyung schools his features, the blankness that used to drive Jeongguk mad falling into place. Jeongguk’s driven mad for other reasons now, though he’s learning slowly all that the blank canvas hides.“I’m not sure I would if the person in question were so insolent,” Taehyung says, uncovering the bowls and unleashing the fragrance of spicy pork upon them. Jeongguk’s mouth waters for more reasons than one. “Do you think you’d be deserving of it?”“If I weren’t, you wouldn’t have saved me from your lovely ones, would you?” Jeongguk responds just as fast, stuffing his face with pork so as to not laugh at the incredulous expression on Taehyung’s face. “Who else would serenade your beauty as you deserve?”Red on his cheeks once more; the sight is almost too much to bear, Jeongguk’s heart twinging in pain as Taehyung blushes once more. There’s a distinct warmth the other is exhibiting more of lately, something Jeongguk can’t get enough off. He shouldn’t; he knows the dangerous line he toes when he speaks his mind like this, the reckless way in which he wants to spill and let Taehyung know how painful it is to be around him.Those wretched sirens. They ruined everything.“And to think you were so miserable before,” Taehyung grumbles, dipping bread into the stew. “You are infuriating.”“Better infuriating than boring, I say,” Jeongguk quips, laughing when Taehyung flings a piece of bread in his direction, one he catches in his mouth and chews slowly. All the while he stares at Taehyung, stares at the way the irritation melts into awe (perhaps?) and Jeongguk can’t help the warmth trapped between his cheeks, his neck. He clears his throat. “Lunch is good.”“Lunch is good every day,” Taehyung snorts, breaking the stare. Today, his hood is down and his dark hair shines in the rays of the sun. “You’re simply learning to be grateful.”Jeongguk doesn’t say anything to that, knowing he’ll cross a line. His line, the one he doesn’t want to cross, can’t cross because it’s wrong, it’s wrong to want anything with Taehyung when the latter is just opening up, learning to—perhaps trust Jeongguk. He can’t be like those other sailors, it is imperative that he doesn’t succumb to this terrible need—“Jeongguk?”He breaks out of his thoughts once more, only to find himself facing Taehyung who is much, much closer than he was before. Lavender and sage envelops him and tickles his nose, but Jeongguk is frozen. “What?”“Where do you vanish off to, hmm?” Taehyung whispers, though loud in Jeongguk’s ears. He’s inching closer and Jeongguk doesn’t know where to back off. If he should, or if he even wants to. “There’s something on your chin.”Jeongguk remains frozen as Taehyung pulls at his collar, hauling him close and gently rubbing a thumb across his chin, focused on whatever it is that has marked Jeongguk. He doesn’t say a word as he feels the roughness of it glide across, a determined touch that he wants forever imprinted on him.Jeongguk is so, so ruined.“Is—is it gone?” Jeongguk asks after a moment, chest tight from how Taehyung is leaning in, his heart racing. He doesn’t want this he doesn’t want this he shouldn’t want this—“Almost,” Taehyung murmurs before he lets go of Jeongguk’s chin and inspects from a distance, tilting his head as a cat would. Or one of the tiger cubs Jeongguk had once seen in a circus troupe that had visited Sunsong; Taehyung is like at the moment, and Jeongguk has one more similarity in his mind. “I think it’s that wood polish you used earlier.”“Oh fuck,” Jeongguk says, proceeding to rub even more roughly at his chin. Wood polish was a menace to remove; the longer it stayed the drier it grew. “I hate when that happens.”“How do you remove it usually?”“Turpentine oil,” Jeongguk responds, checking under his nails for any remains. When he’s met with silence, he looks up and finds Taehyung frowning. His heart immediately sings. “It’s a kind of oil that is used for removing paint stains and such. Any sticky thing, really.”Taehyung nods, curling into himself and creating the distance again. Jeongguk misses it already. “Humans have really come a long way, haven’t they.”It’s not a question but a statement, a sorrowful one if Jeongguk’s reading the undertones right. Taehyung doesn’t seem sad as he finishes the rest of the lunch, but looks are deceiving, especially Taehyung’s.“I suppose they have,” Jeongguk answers, quietly digging into his stew. What does one say in response to such a statement anyway? “I wouldn’t be aware of—well, the before. I was born with all this.”“Yes, of course,” Taehyung concedes, giving Jeongguk a sad smile. “You’re lucky, I suppose.”Jeongguk aches. He wants to spill about the world to Taehyung, to hold him and let him know about how it has developed beyond man’s wildest imaginations. He has no indication of how long Taehyung’s been trapped here, on what he missed before being locked up. It aches him to know that the person in front of him is unaware of the beauty beyond.His mind flashes back to the vision again. The ship, the foreign island and Taehyung’s arms wrapped behind as if he were free—Jeongguk pinches his thigh hard enough to wince, giving Taehyung a pained smile when he looks up in concern. Thank the gods Taehyung couldn’t read minds.“Do you think about it?” Jeongguk asks, once Taehyung packs up the remains and prepares to leave.“Think about what?”Jeongguk muses. Would it hurt Taehyung to be asked this, or would the witch dismiss it as unnecessary? “What the world could be like out there?”Taehyung presses his lips, a frown marring his face. Somehow, Jeongguk already expects the answers he receives. “What is the point? I will never leave anyway.”He walks away after that, leaving Jeongguk pensive and restless. || Taehyung’s despondency doesn’t sit well with Jeongguk.It’s not out of the blue; in all his time here, Jeongguk’s become more than used to how flippant, distant and aloof Taehyung is, especially when he cares about something but is terrified of showing it. He waits for the coast to clear before he can express even the softest of feelings; Taehyung seeks to protect himself.But protect himself from what? The question ponders on in Jeongguk’s mind. The witch was more than capable of defending himself; even if Jeongguk knew something about Taehyung’s past and gods forbid, did something about it, Taehyung would make quick work of him as fast as taking a breath. No, there was something else, something beyond magic and imprisonment that had impacted Taehyung far, far worse, and Jeongguk had no access to it.My people weren’t the sort to give compliments, Taehyung had said shyly, sorrow flickering in his eyes before the call of the sirens had interrupted any queries Jeongguk could have asked. Whatever it was that Taehyung sought protection from was connected to wherever he had last stayed. And respectfully, Jeongguk should let go—but he doesn’t. He’s too stubborn and curious for his own good, and it’s only Taehyung’s new fondness that’s keeping him alive on his feet.He knows he’s not dreaming when he sees that wistfulness in Taehyung’s gaze, the careful curiosity when he asks Jeongguk for clarification or when he listens to his tales with interest, no matter the aloofness. Jeongguk knows he’s not making up the wish written across Taehyung’s face—the one that fearfully hopes of a time he’s not trapped by the island.It has nothing to do with the vision he had, nothing at all. Or so he tells himself, words unconvincing in his mind late at night as he tries to sleep on the veranda.Some suns past their last conversation Jeongguk tries again and hopes that Taehyung has it in him to remain benevolent as he has been.“I never got to ask,” Jeongguk says, as he watches Taehyung skilfully shuck a shellfish open. Where he procured it from, Jeongguk doesn’t know.“Ask what?” Taehyung says softly, hands mindlessly opening the shells at lightning speed. Jeongguk is perhaps a little enamoured.“Where you come from.”Taehyung stills upon that, fingers paused mid-break. The air is heavy with the familiar tension that dots Taehyung’s presence these days, something Jeongguk can’t ignore. He looks at the witch, the way his mouth twitches and how he avoids Jeongguk’s eyes. He waits for a response—either Taehyung would tell him to mind his business or he would refuse to answer. Jeongguk is open to both. Taehyung resumes the activity, face set in nonchalance. “Why do you want to know?”“I’m curious, I suppose,” Jeongguk hums, chin on his hand as he stares, keeping track. Every change was an answer with Taehyung. “I was going to ask last time before the sirens called.”Taehyung presses his lips, focusing on the collection of shells as he shucks away the oysters—a change in dinner then. Jeongguk’s belly flips in excitement, both at the prospect of food and the anticipation of what Taehyung would say.He doesn’t wait long. “I don’t think you have heard of its name,” Taehyung says, voice impossibly low and soft. “It was—it was a long time ago.”“History persists,” Jeongguk shrugs. He’s aware of how old Taehyung could possibly be. “How long has it been, do you think?”A haunted concoction of sorrow and anger flickers in Taehyung’s eyes, but the witch doesn’t react the way Jeongguk expects. Even his anger has changed over the time he’s been here. “I don’t know.”“You couldn’t keep track?”“Time has no meaning here,” Taehyung replies, keeping the shellfish down as if realising the futility of the activity in the midst of this. “I told you before, Jeongguk—it doesn’t matter how long I have been here when I cannot leave—”“I didn’t ask if you wanted to leave,” Jeongguk cuts in softly. Taehyung is holding himself tightly, hands fisted into his robes. “I just wanted to know where you come from. That’s all.”“But why?” Taehyung asks, pain echoing in his voice, and guilt punches its way down Jeongguk’s throat. Is he making things difficult? Is he pushing too much?“Because I,” Jeongguk starts, then halts, words present but unable to come out. Or rather, he knows once they do, things would change again. “Because I want to know you.” He searches Taehyung’s gaze for something, anything other than the pensive mistrust and doubt that mars his face from time to time, the kind that makes him want to—to caress his face like a lovelorn fool. “If you’ll let me.”A breeze blows by in that moment as they look at each other, Jeongguk with baited breath as he figuratively holds a hand out. Take a chance, he wants to say, though he knows how ludicrous the words are for someone like Taehyung, who has surely taken too many chances and learnt well. Why is Jeongguk any different than the hundreds of sailors, looters and pirates that had made their way here?Taehyung meets his gaze for a long while, unspoken emotion swimming in his eyes that Jeongguk can’t name for once. When his eyes burn from the stare he’s holding, Taehyung sighs and breaks away, picking up a shellfish and keeping silent. Disappointment shoots out towards his heart and Jeongguk tries not to let it show, but he has always been an open book. He knew to expect this and yet he’d hoped anyway; he wishes it didn’t weigh on him so—“My memories are muddled from the time here,” Taehyung speaks, interspersed by the quick shucking of oysters being pulled apart. “But I come from an ancient land. Qinyang.”Jeongguk frowns, having never heard of the name ever, not in conversation and certainly not in his history, despite his boast earlier. “Qinyang?”“You have not heard of it,” Taehyung states, probably asserting the fact from Jeongguk’s confusion. “I suppose it doesn’t exist anymore.”“There is a lot of the world I don’t know,” Jeongguk tries because he’s sure no one would like knowing their country has vanished or been conquered.Taehyung laughs, however, and Jeongguk marvels at that. “The only way people would not have heard of Qinyang is if it ceased to exist.”“That powerful, huh?”“Well, it was the centre of Fae magic once upon a time,” Taehyung says casually like he didn’t just admit there used to a land of magic. “Magic doesn’t exist out there anymore, does it?”Jeongguk curls into himself, unsure of what to say. To think he was the same person who mocked magic but had seen so much more since then. His tryst with Angye feels like a lifetime away. “I…well…”“You don’t have to omit for my sake,” Taehyung says, smiling softly. Jeongguk’s cheeks heat up. “It’s not practised, is it? The humans took over.”“Well, yes,” Jeongguk confirms, gut curling with guilt at the actions of his kind. Jeongguk wasn’t even a part of those ancestral conquests but feels like he had cheered them on anyway, with the way the Sinwang Academies had taught. Magic is dangerous and senseless. Scientific logic and inventions are how we grow. “Before I came here, I really didn’t think it was—it was real.”Taehyung hums. He doesn’t seem affected, just bored like he’d divined this fate somehow. “I always felt the humans would do away with us sooner rather than later, back when I lived at Qinyang.”“You predicted it?”“No,” Taehyung laughs, but Jeongguk doesn’t know what is so funny. Is this why Taehyung hated humans? But he didn’t sound angry at all. “I don’t have to predict when the arrogance of the Fae is fate enough.”His tone is bitter as if he is back at wherever he’s from and seeing the example of said arrogance. Jeongguk is nearly hurting with the questions threatening to burst.“Was the arrogance bad?” He asks, a little fearful of the answer. He knows the arrogance, even if Taehyung hasn’t displayed it in a long, long while.“You tell me, Jeongguk,” Taehyung quips, a bitter smile on his mouth. “Magic doesn’t exist anymore, does it?”He supposes that’s answer enough. “The Fae didn’t take humans seriously, did they?”Taehyung only nods, now collecting the broken shells into a pot, washing them thoroughly. “I wasn’t there to witness it, of course, but when I lived amongst my people, my kingdom—we thought little of humans. They were nothing back then, really—scrawny, underfed, utterly powerless in the face of all that we had. The ones in Qinyang lived on our scraps.”Jeongguk somehow knows how the story goes. He’s heard of the great conquests. “But Qinyang wasn’t the only country.”“Yes,” Taehyung answers, sifting through the oysters and preparing them for dinner. Jeongguk holds in his growl. “It was a powerful land, but the world is large. Humans may have been pathetic there, but that didn’t mean they were pitiful everywhere else.”“And it never prepared for any conquest,” Jeongguk adds, chest hurting at all the violence before peace had been established. Or so he had been taught. He’d revelled in those tales, had loved hearing about how rightful justice had taken place, how humans had won through creativity and intelligence and their own grit unlike the unfair magic users, and how they had triumphed anyway. He and Jimin would often re-enact epic battles in their playtime and rejoiced over it in their childhood. “Were you there when it started?”“No, good riddance,” Taehyung says, and something about his detachment bothers Jeongguk. As if he really hated his birthplace along with his punishers. “I was locked away in a time when we all had big heads. Saved from the misery.”Jeongguk doesn’t say much, doesn’t want to contradict Taehyung or take away his experience simply because he was patriotic to Sinwang in his heart, even if he wouldn’t ever go back. “I suppose it was a saving grace.”Taehyung smiles, the soft one that Jeongguk adores and could look at for eternity, but then the other loses it almost immediately. “You said there were conquests?”Jeongguk winces internally, not looking forward to reliving the violence he had read about over and over again. “Yes, uh. Humans held, um, these battles and won through, uh—”“You can say humans killed the Magikal,” Taehyung cuts in, humour shining in his eyes as he appraises Jeongguk, who wants to curl into himself and hide. “You’re adorable when you get nervous like this.”His heartbeat thrums in his ears as he feels his cheeks and neck heat up; somehow, a compliment from Taehyung is worth the hundreds he has received over a lifetime. And over being called adorable, which shouldn’t mean anything.The vision can fuck off. This is Taehyung coming out of his shell and Jeongguk won’t let himself ruin it.He thumbs at his earlobes, nervousness flipping cartwheels in his stomach. “Yes, uh. Humans killed any and all magic-users, and hunted down those they had missed.”Taehyung still seems nonchalant, but pain flickers in his eyes. “And there were no survivors whatsoever?”There is pain, and hope in Taehyung voice as he asks, and Jeongguk wonders why. For someone who was so detached until now, why did he care? Taehyung was living here with his entire magic arsenal, wasn’t he?Whatever is the reason, Jeongguk doesn’t have it in him to quash the hope down. He doesn’t know much, but he will very well try. “Not to my knowledge, no.” Taehyung’s face falls, and Jeongguk rushes. “But there is—there is a country near mine—Angye. There were always rumours that it provided sanctuary for the magic-users. Some sort of immunity. And none of the other countries pursue any—beings, once they are on Angyen land.”Hope flares up just as quickly in Taehyung’s eyes. Jeongguk’s rejoices, glad to have said what he did, if only for that tensed sadness to disappear. “I am glad to hear that.”“You didn’t seem too bothered that Qinyang was destroyed,” Jeongguk says, then slaps a hand over his mouth. He shouldn’t have contradicted, he shouldn’t have shown his anger—“Oh, Mother no—that Mother forsaken place can burn in the Underworld for all I care,” Taehyung spits out, and Jeongguk blinks, taken aback by the shift in conversation, the fire burning in his eyes. “But it doesn’t mean I won’t mourn the innocent Magikal who paid for human fear and ignorance with their lives.”Taehyung gathers the rest of the oysters and walks back in, signalling the end of the conversation. || They don’t revisit the topic again, Taehyung silent and impassive as ever while Jeongguk stands by with his curiosity satisfied—for the moment. He won’t ever tire of wanting to know Taehyung, to know about him and learn him inside out—but even curiosity had its limits. And Jeongguk had all the time in the world.As he helps out with small tasks here and there in the midst of his boat-building (though, he has slacked considerably on the task), he compiles all that he knows about Taehyung in his mind. Ideally, he shouldn’t be thinking so much—especially when he doesn’t want the vision the sirens thrust into his mind, to come true. It was a fabricated apparition, and Jeongguk’s fine. He’s better than fine, and he hasn’t even thought about Taehyung in those mindless, wandering ways. Taehyung had taken the chance Jeongguk had offered, and told him something—Jeongguk was thankful. He shouldn’t be greedy (no matter what the sirens had teased him about).But he thinks anyway. In a friendly, getting to know his island-mate way. One should know the people they are to live with, and this is Jeongguk’s fate. Taehyung is to be his companion for the foreseeable future and Jeongguk is simply creating comfort between them.Taehyung is kind. Jeongguk can see it in the way he tends to his herbs, his plants and the trees or birds he talks to, a gentle smile on his face that beatifies him even more. He’s not generous with it, however, and has been hurt before because of it. But Taehyung was kind to him eventually, one that Jeongguk wouldn’t ever take for granted.The witch is also—empathetic. After their conversation, Jeongguk couldn’t shake off the feeling over the depth of Taehyung’s emotions. It was all guesswork, one that Jeongguk was sometimes confident in and other times not, and it had become a new game for him—was this truly how Taehyung was or was this another smokescreen to hide behind?He doesn’t share these guesses with Taehyung, of course, considering how quick to shut down the other was, how suspicious. Jeongguk earlier thought Taehyung didn’t feel anything or even think much other than torturing hapless humans; Jeongguk now knew he is wrong in his assessment. There is more to Taehyung than what meets the eye.Still, he knows not to be too greedy. Greed is what Taehyung had said he hated about his kind and Jeongguk wasn’t about to join those ranks, not if he could help it.Jeongguk’s sure he’s never met anyone as intriguing as Taehyung; there’s something about the man that makes Jeongguk want to find out, piece by piece, what puzzle he is. Maybe he’s bored and has nothing better to do, but then again—boredom wasn’t so persistent. Jeongguk had begun thinking of Taehyung all the time, and it was a different sort than the usual curiosity that plagued him.   Jeongguk is covering the boat with the tarp when he takes a step back and stumbles onto a figure—Taehyung. He is covered in his usual robes but with a wicker basket on his arm.“I’m sorry,” Jeongguk says, straightening himself and trying not to think too much on the way the velvet robes felt or how Taehyung is markedly…strong and well-built underneath them.“No, the fault is mine,” Taehyung says, head bowed as he reaches out and holds Jeongguk by the arm, a rare form of support should Jeongguk stumble again. He tries not to think too much into it. “I have a rather unfortunate habit of appearing too quietly.”He sounds apologetic, but the quirk of his lips says otherwise. Jeongguk raises an eyebrow. “It seems to me like you take pleasure in it.”Taehyung’s eyes shine, and his smile broadens. It punches Jeongguk through the gut. “Well, I can’t say you’re wrong about that.” He then pats Jeongguk on his shirt, before tightening the grip on the basket. Jeongguk is aware that this doesn’t seem to be a friendly visit alone. “Are you occupied with something?”Jeongguk looks back at the boat; the smell of varnish is still strong, tickling at his nose in a way to incite a sneeze. His tools are strewn about and it’s clear he’s been trying to make the most of all the time he has. His ears burn from how it must look to Taehyung.“Uh, no, not really,” Jeongguk starts, before packing away some of the instruments. Would Taehyung think he was a messy human, incapable of cleaning after himself? Would this be one more thing that he’d confirm about human beings? Jeongguk almost whines inside; he’s always been a little asinine about keeping clean and neat, and he’s never heard a complaint about messiness. What has he come to? “Why? Do you have some task for me?”Taehyung doesn’t seem to be looking at the mess, just twirling the handle of the basket between his fingers. Jeongguk’s gaze is momentarily distracted before he rips his eyes away; he really shouldn’t be thinking about them. Or how artful they look, as if sculpted by the gods themselves. “No. I was going herb picking, and wondered if you would like to accompany me.”Jeongguk looks up from his collection of tools and the image begins to make sense. Wicker basket; Taehyung looking like he was on a mission—Jeongguk doesn’t even have to think before he nods, getting up off the ground and dusting his hands.“I would love to,” he confirms verbally, just to see Taehyung’s eyes brighten and the small smile he’s begun to show more off, widen. He notes how empty-handed he is, however. “But—should I be carrying something as well?”“Just yourself will do,” Taehyung sings, starting to walk ahead before pausing, turning back and tilting his head. “Maybe a pitcher of water? Mother knows humans get thirsty so often.”“How hilarious,” Jeongguk retorts, deadpanned, as he rushes to grab the leather pitcher Taehyung had crafted for him. It’s like a tote, one he can sling across his shoulders. And the water always remains cool inside, too. “Lead the way, then.”Taehyung walks, down the familiar paths and groves Jeongguk’s spent enough time exploring, past the trees that seem to lean in Taehyung’s direction and parallel to the pond in the middle. Sun filters through the canopy and a litany of sounds echo all around as Jeongguk follows him. Birds, the rustle of leaves, the curious squeaks and growls of whatever critters the forest hid—more like music to Jeongguk’s ears than noise. It’s almost like a lullaby, one that leads him into a deep trance even as he walks.Jeongguk follows, expecting Taehyung to stop soon but the other keeps going, until they reach paths that Jeongguk hasn’t felt brave enough about exploring, the forest deep and dark though it is day time. The air is cold and Jeongguk shivers, holding his arms together. He blushes bright when Taehyung turns to check, knowing the other had realised—for Taehyung slows down and moves almost next to him, the warmth coming off in gentle waves from his robes.“How much further?” Jeongguk questions after a while. He is nervous, but he trusts Taehyung, knows that the other won’t lead him to harm, not after all this time. He has no proof but the warmth in his gut.“Not long,” Taehyung answers, voice steady as he brushes away a particularly long branch away from Jeongguk’s face. “I should have told it was far.”“It is fine,” Jeongguk adds, hoping he’s not coming across as a human who can’t handle a bit of walking. “I’m not accustomed to these part of the woods, that’s all.”“Oh, is the mighty, brave sailor Jungkook afraid of some woods?” Taehyung teases, mirth in his eyes and Jeongguk’s neck heats up, travelling all the way down to his chest. He hears Taehyung snicker, a wholly alien sound from him, but that causes the blood to rush even faster. “Don’t worry. I’m right here with you.”“It is not that,” Jeongguk protests hotly, though it is that, but Taehyung can’t know. Jeongguk can’t bear being made fun of like this, especially by Taehyung. When did the witch get so playful? “No, really, I was just curious,” he says, when Taehyung giggles a little.“Fine, if you say so,” Taehyung says, tone placating but eyes clearly not buying Jeongguk’s bullshit. “The herbs I need to restock on are unfortunately located on the other side of the island. It’s not a routine endeavour.”Jeongguk frowns at the information. He’d never thought about the other side, always at peace with what little he did see. “What is so special about them?”“You’ll see soon enough,” Taehyung says, eyes ahead. The path thins out once more, the foliage on both sides receding as Jeongguk is met with a mighty roar of waves crashing—far, far louder than the ones he was regularly an audience to. “The other side, as you’ll discover, is less than hospitable.”Saying so, Taehyung breaks past a particular bramble in their path, a quick work of purple flashes and physical guesswork, before the path opened into gritty, white sand with streaks of black—probably silt, though there is no river nearby. The crunch of it is loud under Jeongguk’s feet as he marvels at what meets his eyes—a desolated beach, cold and wet, with both wet and dry driftwood crusted upon the sand. The sea ahead is rougher compared to the tame ones in front of Taehyung’s home, and the waves are taller than him, crashing onto the boulders with such ferocious intensity the water sprays onto his face.“By the gods,” Jeongguk exclaims, holding his arms up as another wave crashes violently. His tongue tastes like gritty salt. “How is this the same island?”“It has its mysteries,” Taehyung quips, not at all perturbed by the split difference this aspect of the island has with his own abode. “As I said, quite inhabitable.”He makes a small ring with his finger and Jeongguk finds himself shielded by the onslaught of nature, even though he can see just fine. The ocean is a dark black-blue compared to the azure blue-green he’s seen each morning, and the weather is near freezing. It’s a lot for someone like Jeongguk, who came from a tropical region, but he holds out.Taehyung, however, notices once more—and something like fondness and pity overtakes his face, for he reaches out and places a hand on Jeongguk’s chest, his heart to be exact—and presses. Immediately, the heat begins to flow underneath until it covers him all over—and Taehyung takes his hand back, satisfied.“How did you do that?” Jeongguk marvels, holding out his arms and stretching the fingers he’d curled into himself without realising. It’s a lovely sort of heat, the toasty kind without being too suffocating, without causing a build-up of sweat. “Wait, never mind—of course, I know. Magic.”Taehyung smiles, walking parallel to the sea, the pace slow as the wet sand gets in the way. “Heat magic. Not something I’ve had to use too often, however.”“You don’t get cold?”“Hmm, no. Or hot.” He wiggles his fingers as if to show his attire—velvet, in this horrid, tropical heat. Oh. “Elements of nature don’t bother me as much.”That does make sense. “Is it a Fae thing?” Jeongguk asks, curiosity bubbling away once more.Taehyung shrugs in response, lips pressed in thought. “I suppose you could say it is. I never thought of it that way.” Silence, the crunch of gravel underneath. “You must understand that I never lived amongst humans before I came here and met your kind. I didn’t have long enough to note any differences in my people, and them.”“Of course,” Jeongguk says, aware that Taehyung didn’t come from a region that perhaps had the same elements. It was too human-centric of him to assume that. “So Qinyang didn’t have seasons?”Taehyung laughs. “Of course it does—did. In fact, the Fae are categorised and named after the seasons they were born in. And the corresponding element of that season.”Jeongguk’s ears perked, delighted by the piece of voluntary information he didn’t have to pry out with his hands. “Oh? And what season were you named after?”Taehyung is quiet for a long while at that, and Jeongguk worries if he pushed again, if he sounded too eager and made Taehyung suspicious. But his worries come to nought when Taehyung sighs.“Winter. I was Taehyung of the Winterbourne.”  Jeongguk is silent after the reveal, gut poking at him to keep quiet, to recognise how important the revelation was for Taehyung as if he had never told his name to anyone. And maybe he hadn’t, if the way he uttered it—so fearful, so saddened yet proud, was any indication of how little he said it. Or how the sailors and looters prior hadn’t even bothered to ask.They don’t walk long, coming upon a calmer ground cordoned off from the more violent displays of the island, far away from the brash attack of salt and sand. Jeongguk doesn’t think much of it until Taehyung snaps a finger and the shields fall down.It is a patch of luminescent plants, of a variety of shades simply growing out of the sand, no special gardening soil to aid it. They’re the most peculiar shapes, sort of like bulbous onions but on stems, with a small opening at the top that seems to be glowing from within. Jeongguk is dumbfounded.“What—” he stumbles forth, right at the end of the patch, bending down to observe better. There are no more than some twenty or thirty swaying in the ocean breeze, with rocks almost the size of his head around them. The one closest to him is glowing blueish-purple, like a bruise, and Jeongguk reaches out to touch it, entranced.His hand is slapped away, and Jeongguk turns to find Taehyung frowning. “Don’t. You haven’t gotten their permission yet. They could bite your finger off.”Jeongguk retracts his hand hastily then, curling it behind his back. Taehyung snorts, putting down the basket and kneeling onto his haunches, gazing lovingly at them.“What—what are these?” Jeongguk asks, eyes transfixed on the strange, alluring plant. A flower of sorts.“Special herbs I use for a specific potion of mine,” Taehyung answers. He closes his eyes, as if in prayer, and holds out a hand. Purple streaks rise from his skin towards the plants, who lean in but don’t touch Taehyung, as if they were tasting his magic and determining it. “It’s a flower. Smeraldo. Or in simple terms, a truth-revealing herb.”Jeongguk watches as the plant leans in, retracts and seems to converse with the other plants, before leaning in again. Soon, a small creeper comes out from within and traces Taehyung’s skin—the witch barely reacts. Just as fast the creature retreats and all glow even brighter.“What was that?” Jeongguk breathes, head spinning from the entire transaction. Taehyung, meanwhile, is rubbing his hands and bowing his head.“I received its permission,” the witch explains, still sitting, a fond look over his face. “Get over here. It’s your turn.”“Wait—what?” Jeongguk chokes out, but he isn’t given a chance because Taehyung rolls his eyes and pulls him down by the arm, with enough force that he nearly falls into Taehyung’s arms, but the other steadies him just as fast. “I have to—to touch it?”“Shush, don’t speak so disrespectfully,” Taehyung tuts, already holding out Jeongguk’s hands towards the plant that seems to be patiently waiting. “The smeraldo herb is an ancient one. A being of its own. So we treat it as such.”Jeongguk can’t protest before he feels a tiny creeper onto his hand, probing with an almost human-like curiosity. No purples waves come off his skin, but the creeper seems to be…tasting him just fine. It’s eerie and almost like being probed by a thin needle, like one of Jimin’s scalpels, when he’d trace meaningless shapes into Jeongguk’s hands and arms, pointed out the different lines and their connection to his body. The creeper is something like that, but it doesn’t speak.It’s fast though, and the creeper repeats the process—confers with its plant-mates, seems to come to a conclusion and they all glow brighter. Jeongguk is astonished once again.“We have their permission,” Taehyung says happily, breaking the tense silence as he gathers his wicker basket. “I was a little worried I’d be denied, since you’re a stranger to them.”“They focus on things like that?”“The flower is about truth; it does not like deceit. They wanted to confirm if I brought you by trickery, to misuse them and take more than I am allowed. Thus, the whole confirming.” Taehyung pats Jeongguk on the arm then, face content.“That’s nice,” Jeongguk says, because what is he supposed to say in response without sounding like a heretic? Oh yes, these flowers can judge if a person is telling the truth or not? Absolutely. “So what do they do? And what are we supposed to do with them?”“They bloom once every season, especially after the rains. We will be plucking them, and when we are done we’ll carry them back. I’ll use them to make the necessary potions and store the rest.”Jeongguk nods, deciding to first watch what Taehyung is doing so he can follow suit. Clearly, this isn’t like regular gardening, and the plants are sentient. He can’t be rough with them.Taehyung is careful as he bypasses the ring and walks amongst the flowers, all leaning towards him as if they are entranced by him. Jeongguk can’t blame them, of course; Taehyung is nothing short of enchanting. He watches as Taehyung bends down every once in a while and plucks a flower lovingly, right from the root—there is respect, and the sand around is dug with a tool. The plant immediately dims, and Taehyung carries it in his palms before placing it in the basket.It’s safe to assume that Jeongguk’s fascinated because over the course of staying here he’s been made aware of how Taehyung—cares. Maybe not for humans, but then, did humans really deserve that sort of care, when they’d come with an agenda of looting Taehyung? Hadn’t Jeongguk come with a similar agenda, and had been mercifully allowed his life, though he wasn’t sure why?Maybe if humans treated their surroundings with care like Taehyung did, the world might be a better place. But Jeongguk would never leave this island, and he would never be able to share whatever he’s learnt so far. The tragedy of it pierces him so, and he hastens to begin on his part of the task.Taehyung doesn’t allow Jeongguk to pluck the flowers directly—Jeongguk, though approved off by the plants, wouldn’t be able to discern the correct way of uprooting them. Instead, he bends near the border, on his haunches as he carefully goes through the plucked ones, a small knife in his hands.“Remember, you’re supposed to only slice the roots off, and keep them in this jar here. The roots come in handy for another potion, so do not waste them or throw them away. They’re precious.”Taehyung had sounded serious when he’d instructed Jeongguk, and so he had followed, paying special care to the roots, slicing through them one by one, including the laughably tiny ones.However, as he painstakingly slices each root off and arranges them in the jar, his head begins to get heavy. It’s odd drowsiness, almost similar to the ones the sirens had put him under except for the desperate need that had overtaken him so he could meet his desires. No, this one is something between sleep and an entrancement, and the longer Jeongguk stares at the flower in his hand, the heavier his head gets.The flower is coloured a purple bruise, the glow within the same purple as Taehyung’s magic. A petal of it wilts slightly, almost as if beckoning him to come closer. Jeongguk does just that, just to see—and faces a scent so strong he nearly passes out. In a good way, for the scent is a tart-sweet that makes his head spin.He’s not sure what happens, but the very next moment he reaches out with a finger and breaks off a piece of the petal—it’s soft, the surface like velvet and silk both, gliding across his skin. He brings the piece to his mouth, some bizarre impulse awakening, and barely hears the sounds around him; everything is muted—the sea at the back, or Taehyung’s humming that abruptly cuts off as Jeongguk’s finger nears—“No, Jeongguk! Stop!”—Jeongguk brings the piece to his lips and swallows.His mind comes to a halt.There’s a high-pitched keen rising in his ears and it’s so sudden, his head spins even more—Jeongguk can’t see straight. A shooting pain travels across, from the roof of his mouth to his tongue and the back of his throat, all the way to his head; a headache the likes of which he’s never experienced before. There is an explosion of colours behind his closed eyes, colours he can’t name or make sense of but they hurt to watch. He’s vaguely aware he stands to stop the spinning, to stamp his foot and bring himself back to consciousness; it’s all for nought for Jeongguk stumbles, in the weakness that encapsulates his body.He stumbles, and his foot catches on what must have been the border of the plants, for he trips and falls face first. Right into something hard, like rocks.The pain in his head explodes further and shocks him into waking as he rolls onto his back on the sand, catching the grey skies above before the view is interrupted by warm liquid dribbling into his eye. A heavy, metallic scent follows.Blood. Jeongguk’s bleeding.His other eye is open, though, and clear of any obtrusive liquid, and Taehyung comes into view—frantic and furious.“You stupid, stupid boy!” He hears, even as his eye shuts, right after he sees Taehyung lean in close, too close even and feels warm hands around his head, his neck. He then finds his mouth being pried open, and a rough finger being shoved in, probing around. If Jeongguk weren’t in such pain, he would have found the whole thing a tad bit erotic. “Spit it out! Whatever you’ve ingested, spit it out!”Weakly, Jeongguk attempts to do just that, but his mouth is dry. He registers a foreign taste, one no doubt left by the flower because it tastes like nothing Jeongguk’s ever tasted. It tastes like memories, which doesn’t make sense.Taehyung stops his ministrations with his mouth, thank the gods, but soon after Jeongguk feels strong arms from behind lifting him up, dragging him across the rough sand until he’s leaning against a tree. The position seems to send another spurt of blood out of whatever wound he’s incurred, and all of Jeongguk is warm and sticky. And tired, the taste of blood now making its way through, like salty copper, mixing horribly with the flower. Which, on second thoughts, he shouldn’t have tasted, for he can sense its effects all over.He wants to sleep, but a sharp pinch on his thigh startles him awake. He opens his one eye grudgingly, and almost wishes he’d kept it shut because the last thing he wanted to see was Taehyung’s anger, not after it had receded for so long.“You do not sleep,” Taehyung snaps, even as he rifles through the basket, hands flying in hurry before coming up with a cloth; Taehyung’s entire aura is purple. “You are to remain awake, Jeongguk. Understood?”Jeongguk nods, wincing when the small action makes his head throb in pain even more. He can only watch as Taehyung wets the cloth and wrings it, brows furrowed in concentration as he nears Jeongguk. Gently, despite the irritation on his face, he tilts Jeongguk’s head sideways and begins dabbing at his forehead. Ah. That must be where his injury is.The first few dabs are painful, Jeongguk wincing at the sensation of rough cloth against split, torn skin. The cloth comes away drenched in red, and Jeongguk worries about the blood he must have lost. The pain, however, begins to lower—or rather, numbs, almost as if the flower’s effects lowered all his inhibitions, his terror. He’s pliant in Taehyung’s arms, and it’s only the other’s hold on his side that keeps Jeongguk upright.Taehyung uses the clean corner of the cloth to wipe under his blood-wet eye, cleaning away the fringes stuck together by blood. Slowly, Jeongguk’s eyes blinks open until he can see clearly, truly appraise Taehyung in front of him. Leaning in close, dabbing away at the wound that doesn’t seem to stop bleeding. He recognises how little supplies Taehyung has, that they’re far away from his collection of healing potions and that his magic without the ingredient is useless—and he thus has to resort to the human way of temporarily aiding Jeongguk. Something about that warms his heart, makes it sing—look how carefully he tends to you. Look how close he is, how he holds you so tenderly. As if he were a human.He’s not sure where the thoughts are coming from, but thinking them feels liberating—almost as if there are no barriers to how he thinks, feels, maybe even how he speaks, how wonderful—Wait. Smeraldo. It is a truth-revealing herb.No, no, no, Jeongguk couldn’t possibly—oh, he was a stupid, stupid boy and now he’s done it, now he’s going to unravel it all and say something absolutely out of bounds—“What were you thinking, Jeongguk?” Taehyung hisses, upset lines on his face that Jeongguk aches to ease, to smoothen out for they don’t belong onto Taehyung’s timeless face. “You and your curiosity are going to be the death of me.”There’s anger behind the words, but also an exasperated fondness like Taehyung can’t help but find even this endearing. Really, what had Jeongguk been thinking? Nothing, as per usual, his brain offers rather unhelpfully, so Jeongguk shushes it down as he keeps staring wordlessly at Taehyung in front. The way Taehyung still holds his face, fingers rough and warm under his ears and neck, while he presses the cloth routinely over the wound. How Taehyung’s eyebrows furrow and he bites into his lips, and Jeongguk can’t help but look, keep his eyes there—He is sculpted by the gods, Jeongguk thinks deliriously, though he knows it’s the truth that coming out of the recesses of his mind, the thoughts he keeps buried. A work of art—the unblemished, golden skin, the tiny moles he had, one right on his nose and the other just under his lips. And the lips—modestly slim but not like Jeongguk’s which were too thin according to him. Pink and moist, and oh, how Jeongguk wouldn’t mind the feel of them on his—He squeezes his eyes shut. He doesn’t want these thoughts, had successfully wrangled them into the back of his head and he can’t believe some magical flower ruined all his work; this was getting ridiculous.But then—why not just indulge himself? It’s not like Taehyung could read his mind, and hopefully, the effects of the flower would recede soon—Jeongguk could control himself better. Against the forces of magic, what was one puny human?Taehyung mutters under his breath, maybe a spell or two that does reduce the intensity of the pain and the cut; but Jeongguk’s gazing at him. Allows himself to admit that maybe the sirens were right, in some aspect; that he does want Taehyung—how, he’s not truly ready to admit. As Taehyung bites his lip again, Jeongguk wonders how it would be like to kiss the witch. Would they be as soft as they looked? Had Taehyung ever kissed, or done anything romantic or sensual? Would he peck sweet, or rough and fast?It sent a pleasant sense of warmth all over, though he knew it not to be arousal. Jeongguk wasn’t that depraved unless he specifically thought of what Taehyung could do apart from kissing and—No. He wouldn’t travel down that lane. Not when Taehyung was there, tending to him so sweetly and gently, not when the witch had gone through his fair share of clashes with lecherous, rotten sailors; Jeongguk would not be one of those, no matter what ugly truth the flower enticed him to reveal.So he focuses on the other thoughts. Remembers the vision of free seas and warm arms wrapped around his waist; the scent of lavender and sage and how safe Jeongguk had felt in that moment. How safe he feels now, as Taehyung wipes at the wound one last time, deeming it clogged enough that the blood only trickled down, no longer worrisome. He allows himself to court a reality where he’s the centre of Taehyung’s care. He wonders about what Taehyung is like when he loves someone, when he cares for them—and for a stupid, bizarre moment, feels ridiculously jealous of a fictitious person like that. What would have happened if Taehyung hadn’t been imprisoned?Taehyung moves away briefly, standing and dropping the bloodied cloth into the basket. He disappears for a while, and Jeongguk worries, thinks he’s being abandoned on this desolated beach to fend for himself, because surely his mistake was too stupid for Taehyung to give a shit about him anymore, surely Taehyung’s had enough—Taehyung returns, a broken branch of leaves in his hand, which he strips clean with efficiency, crushing the leaves into his hand with powerful strokes. Jeongguk watches, enraptured as Taehyung works furiously at the task, before grimacing.“This might be a little disgusting for you, but it’s the only thing I can do away from my supplies,” Taehyung says before he spits into the crushed mess and mixes them further. Jeongguk knows this is going to his wound, but he can’t even complain about it.There’s a thick, green gob of paste in Taehyung’s hand, and it smells appallingly bitter like most medicines do. Jeongguk keeps his disgust inside as Taehyung scoops some of it and dabs careful along the cut, which zings with pain before cooling down instantly. Jeongguk’s thoughts are in a frenzy, the effects of the flower still strong.Taehyung’s gaze, though concentrated, is softer now, a sad fondness on his face. Jeongguk aches because of it, feels unbearably guilty for being the reason behind it. He didn’t want to trouble Taehyung any more than he already had.“You really are an infuriating boy,” Taehyung says, spreading the paste evenly. The smell is strong in Jeongguk’s nose, his eyes watering. “Not even the most brazen of humans would do this.”“The flower told me to,” Jeongguk protests weakly but keeps shut when Taehyung glares at him. Right, he’s the guilty patient and Taehyung healing him, again.“So stupid, so impulsive,” Taehyung chastises, scooping the last remnants of the paste and pressing a little forcefully, eliciting a wince. “Do you even know how dangerous this flower is, Jeongguk?”His words are furious, but Jeongguk is delirious with the truth and only detects the sweet worry beneath them, like the sweet underneath tart berries. Against his wishes, his heart races at the notion of care and worry. Jeongguk can’t help it; he’d always been spoilt for attention. He’d received so little of it for so long he now wilts at the slightest mention of it, that too in the hands of perhaps the most powerful witch to ever exist.“I’m sorry,” Jeongguk pleads, and Taehyung presses his lips. He doesn’t say much, doesn’t explain why the flowers are dangerous but then again, Jeongguk’s experiencing it first-hand. “I really am. I have no excuse for this and went against your wishes to be careful. I’m deeply regretful of my actions.”He winces at how formal his words sound; the truth flower wasn’t really helping. Taehyung meets his eyes briefly and snorts; Jeongguk frowns.“There, there, you don’t have to look so forlorn,” Taehyung quips, taking a whole leaf and fashioning a rudimentary bandage out of it, sticking it atop the paste to cover it. He then proceeds to take the edge of his robe, wetting it before cleaning the rest of Jeongguk’s face, wherever the blood had stained and dried. It’s much too tender, and domestic—his heart would leap out of its cage if given a choice. “I apologise for the poor attempt at controlling the wound.”It’s Taehyung now who looks guilty and frustrated, and Jeongguk nearly coos. Perhaps Taehyung liked his own form of perfection in his work, much like Jeongguk. His hearts skips happily at the very notion of similarity between them.“It’s alright. You didn’t’ have much to work with. I would have just bled to death had it not been for you,” Jeongguk says, hopefully placating Taehyung. Without Taehyung, Jeongguk would have been long dead. Then again, without Taehyung, Jeongguk would have never ventured out on a quest.Maybe you were meant to find him, a voice croons inside his mind, and Jeongguk scoffs. He doesn’t believe in fate or destiny. Especially not for—people.Taehyung, however, still worries, looking unfairly upset with himself. How Jeongguk aches to make him feel alright, but is helpless. “It’s going to scar. Without some of my supplies, my healing magic can’t work by itself.”“Really, Taehyung, I’m alright,” Jeongguk insists, sitting up a little. He does feel more energetic, his mind thrumming with the flower but body sharp from Taehyung’s careful and efficient ministrations. “I don’t mind a scar. It would be the battle wound of my stupidity.”At this, Taehyung laughs and Jeongguk’s heart seizes. The laughs are still rare but more common than before, and Jeongguk couldn’t be happier. At least the worry is gone from Taehyung’s face.Taehyung sits quietly after that, but the air isn’t awkward or tense. The breeze from the ocean is powerful enough that Jeongguk’s hair flies with it, and in one particular instance, it even sticks to the rough poultice on his head. Taehyung leans in then, carefully separating strands of his hair from the still wet paste and is close enough that Jeongguk gets a lungful of lavender and sage, the scents imprinting into the skins of his cells.The smeraldo still lingers in his blood, and Jeongguk can afford to be a little braver. “You told me earlier the Fae have season and magic associated with it.”Taehyung’s eyes turn guarded, but not shuttered, leaving Jeongguk with some hope. “Yes. What about it?”“Nothing, just fascinating,” Jeongguk mutters. How does he frame his question? “Winterbourne, you said? What does that entail?”Taehyung is quiet, looking down and rubbing away at the dried, green patch on his palm, flicking off the green dirt. “For regular winterbournes, ice and air magic. Their scents would be of the cold variety—pines, snow and the like.”Jeongguk nods, then frowns at the use of regular. “Regular? And you’re not?”He knows he’s touched upon something sensitive, and winces, hoping Taehyung wouldn’t shut down now. Taehyung doesn’t, however, gathering up his knees and laying his chin on it. Like this, he looks too young and—innocent.“I am a Winterbourne, but I was never like the rest of them. Different.” Familiar sorrow pours into his eyes, though the rest of his face remains impassive. “I’m not—was not like the others. I told you before my magic bloomed late. Didn’t I?”Jeongguk nods. Remembers Taehyung off-handedly saying how he’d been without magic once, how he’d had to teach himself what he knows today.“Well, it’s more of that. I was born in the winter, but I didn’t display ice and air magic. I didn’t have a scent like theirs—that’s how Fae identify each other. I was a late bloomer in every sense of the word.” Pain flickers in his eyes. “You can guess I wasn’t welcome in a lot of spaces.”Jeongguk’s chest squeezes in pain. He doesn’t know the history or law of a species like the Fae, but he’s familiar with being…set apart from people. For him, he’d been deemed the golden child, the over-achiever and the handsome, second son of the respected Jeon family, excepted to do great things. Jeongguk had enjoyed that fame and attention, but a part of him had felt lonely due to it, and more than pressured to meet those expectations. Afraid of failures.What if he had been set apart, but for all the wrong reasons? If he hadn’t been the prodigal son, hadn’t been good with his academics or athletics, was just—unremarkable, in a place like Sunsong where all these things mattered? What then?He knows he may never come to understand exactly how Taehyung must have felt like, but a part of him aches in empathy for the young child in Taehyung that must have wanted to belong and was—shunned instead.He doesn’t word these out, though. Can’t string along good enough words that would ever convey how sorrowful he feels for Taehyung.“So your magic and scent…?”“Was like no other in the kingdom,” Taehyung says, words simple but heavy with deeper knowledge. “They were strange for our kind, against every natural law possible—so they deemed me a freak. But that’s okay because I’m much better now.”Jeongguk didn’t understand, but he wanted Taehyung to feel better, or even proud of who he had displayed himself to be without this constant shame lingering about. So, under the guise of the smeraldo, does something even more bizarre.He leans forward and sniffs deeply from Taehyung’s neck.The explosion of lavender is strong enough to tickle, but he holds in his sneeze. Taehyung falls back, a little shocked but not—offended. Jeongguk tries again, keeping his gaze on Taehyung, who is frozen—but doesn’t push away Jeongguk. The second sniff is a lot better and calmer on his nose, and his mouth salivates at the lovely headiness of the lavender followed by the spice of sage. It’s so Taehyung as a scent, Jeongguk’s glad he didn’t have a generic scent like pine or snow.“I love your scent, Taehyung,” Jeongguk says, after pulling back, the scent seeping into his bloodstream. It feels like the safety of the vision he had. “It makes me feel like this is home.”Taehyung’s eyes widen, his mouth quivering slightly before he presses them hard, and looks away. But Jeongguk had seen the slight, wet sheen in his eyes. Taehyung was an open book; all the reader had to do was see.After a while, Taehyung looks back, face back into that impassiveness. But for once, it doesn’t bother Jeongguk.“I don’t wish to speak on this anymore,” the witch states quietly, and Jeongguk nods. He’ll respect that; Taehyung has been more than accommodating to Jeongguk’s inquisitiveness.Jeongguk instead places a hand over Taehyung’s and meets his eyes. “Thank you for sharing that with me. It must have been a lot, and you’re really brave for it.”Taehyung’s eyes shine some more but he looks away. Both pretend not to notice when a tear slips out on Taehyung’s face, trapped in the vulnerable moment with each other.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Sixteen|
  Things change post Jeongguk’s mishap with the flower.They had stayed on the desolate beach for what seemed like hours, as Taehyung waited for the paste on Jeongguk’s wound to dry up, enough that any sort of movement wouldn’t split it up. The effects of that one small piece had nearly made Jeongguk faint; secretly, he had been glad that he didn’t eat the entire flower bulb like an idiot.In the time they had waited, Taehyung hadn’t uttered a single word, hadn’t met Jeongguk’s eyes, and kept to himself—withdrawn, lost, and sorrowful. His one lone tear had vanished just as fast it had appeared, and something about that indicated that it was out of the blue for the witch—Taehyung just didn’t seem like the kind of person who cried.Now, as they walk back to his cottage through the dark woods—an orb of purple light guiding their vision—Jeongguk wonders if he really should have done what he did. Not eating the flower; that was a foolish, impulsive move. But the questioning, the leaning in to sniff Taehyung like some wild, rabid dog—was that right? Did he cross some invisible line?Why had it felt so damn right, then?Jeongguk silently muses as he trudges along, dragging his feet slowly for his knees still shake. He’s leaning a little on Taehyung; the witch has a strong grip on his arm, should he fall. The last thing either of them would want is to risk Jeongguk stumbling and worsening an already grievous injury.Taehyung is just as silent, but it’s unlike any other silence Jeongguk’s ever suffered under him. Given the other’s penchant for immediate withdrawal when confronted with emotions, Jeongguk’s learned to tread carefully. He’s also learned to read between the lines, and he knows somehow things are different. Or if not now, they would be in the future.When they break out of the forest into familiar territory, Jeongguk shudders out a breath of relief. It’s dark, with the moon just tipping up over the edge and the stars glimmering, but never has Jeongguk been more grateful to face something he knows. How perspectives change when one encounters something new from the old.Taehyung walks him all the way around his workstation, right up to his cottage—Jeongguk doesn’t protest, knows that for all his silence, Taehyung is wrought with guilt for not healing him better. For leaving him with a permanent scar. None of Jeongguk’s assurances will work in this regard, no matter how much he tries.Taehyung helps him all the way towards his workstation and sits him down on a stool. He doesn’t say a word as he strips down the table clear of any clutter (not that there was any; Taehyung was surprisingly neat) and takes out a kit, which comprises of vials and tools. A magical first aid collection of sorts, one that Jeongguk distractedly thinks Jimin would love to study, even if he abhorred magic or talks of it.He marvels at how efficient Taehyung is as he takes the bandages and the relevant vials, lays them out and then faces Jeongguk, his expression schooled into a healer’s nonchalance. He keeps quiet as Taehyung gently takes his face, tilting it upward then sideways, seeing the wound in a better light. His fingers are both calloused and soft, and Jeongguk’s skin warms under their careful touch.Taehyung silently removes the makeshift bandage, and Jeongguk hisses as it separates from his skin, the blood and paste underneath having long dried. He then takes one of the tools and scrapes away at the dried excess—each move twinging, Jeongguk gritting his teeth.Perhaps his stubbornness to keep quiet through the pain amuses Taehyung, for the witch breaks out of his enforced professionalism and smiles softly. “Being brave, I see.”Jeongguk doesn’t say anything, though blood rushes to his face. Taehyung is so close, standing and tall like this, and his scent surrounds Jeongguk in heavy, steady waves. If he were to open his mouth, he would curse from the throbbing of his wound.Taehyung goes about the process methodically, cleaning away the paste with a clean cloth, then applying perhaps a better medicine than the rudimentary herbs, wrapping it neat and tight enough that the pain recedes. He then brings out a familiar bottle—the ruby red potion that Taehyung had once given him to regenerate the blood he had lost. Only this time, Jeongguk trusts Taehyung and accepts the potion without any fuss.He still makes a face at the taste, however, and Taehyung laughs. “This is the worst potion I’ve ever tasted.”“Not like you’ve tasted many,” Taehyung counters, putting away the materials. He comes back with a pitcher of cold water and offers. “And I pray that you don’t.”Jeongguk smiles tightly as he sips. Now that the task is done, he can taste the tension between them, the residue of what happened. Taehyung refuses to meet him head-on, tinkers around with his jars and herbs, his shoulders curled inwards in a way that Jeongguk aches, because the witch is too mighty to look so vulnerable. And yet.“I feel like I must apologise,” Jeongguk breaks the stilted silence, wringing his hands together. He definitely crossed a line by taking in Taehyung’s scent without asking, if not in asking him to elaborate on his Fae story.Taehyung stiffens before he goes back to taking out pots and pans now, opening storage jars for today’s dinner. Jeongguk simply sits, knowing somehow the other wants distance. “Whatever for.”“I think I crossed a line,” Jeongguk explains, the words bringing out the guilt he had suppressed. “I shouldn’t have…taken your scent as I did? I’m sorry.”Taehyung stands with his back towards him, but his hands are still on the pot. Jeongguk wants to somehow turn him around, to gauge how he feels without his words. When he’s met with further silence, he panics. “I realise how untoward and forward that was of me, to do without your permission and consent, and if there’s anything I can do to atone for it—”“The scenting was not an issue,” Taehyung cuts in, quiet and soft. He still doesn’t look, but his work with dinner is slowed, paced.Jeongguk frowns. The action makes his cut throb, and he smoothens out his forehead. “It wasn’t? But I didn’t ask you. I made you uncomfortable.”“No, you didn’t.” Taehyung voice is soft, but it shakes with—untold emotion. “Scenting is—was—normal amongst my people. It’s a mark of familiarity, of care, and we—we do it only for family, or loved ones.”The explanation doesn’t make Jeongguk feel better. What were the two of them that Jeongguk just went ahead and performed some sacred Fae ritual without understanding the implications of it?“That’s even worse, then, since I’m not family and yet—”“I’ve never been scented before.”Time halts around them. Jeongguk opens his mouth and then shuts it, words escaping him as the implications of what Taehyung said sit on him, heavy as a boulder. Jeongguk simply sits on the stool, unsure of how to proceed. On what to say.Taehyung turns around then, leaning against the counter, his head bowed down. His shoulders are curled into themselves and like this, he seems so small.“I was a late bloomer…so my scent didn’t appear till much later. And when it did, it wasn’t one that belonged to my clan.” He plays with the edges of his sleeves, and Jeongguk finds himself getting up, trudging towards him slowly. “My parents didn’t want to associate with me. So I’ve never known what it feels like.”Jeongguk stands in front of him. He’s taller than him here, and his hands itch from wanting to do—something, anything to ease the pain. “And what did it feel like?”Taehyung is quiet, raising his head to look Jeongguk in the eyes. Something like sorrow and hope lingers in his gaze. “Like…Like I belonged somewhere at last, and I didn’t have to search anymore.”Jeongguk is sure his heart stutters in its beats, pain shooting out in gentle waves beneath his ribs, travelling all over. His mind is roaring at him, but he can’t hear the words inside, can’t pay heed to his thoughts as he spills.“And did I do it right?” He breathes into the air between them, and Taehyung blinks. In the lamp, Jeongguk can count each eyelash.“Do what right?”“Scenting, did I do it right?”Taehyung blinks and then blushes, looking away. The itch in Jeongguk’s hand craves to tilt his head back to him, to keep gazing. “I…not—not truly. It is fine, you wouldn’t know it anyway, and I don’t think humans have this—”“Teach me then.”Jeongguk is a man possessed. There is no other explanation for the words he spills out, without fear and worry. He simply wants Taehyung to be okay.Taehyung snaps his head back, eyes wide. “What?”Jeongguk throws the dice, lets the Fates proclaim his gamble. He takes a step forward and they’re so, so close, if Jeongguk moved even a little bit he would brush against Taehyung. But never without his permission. “Teach me how to do it, then. I want to learn.”“Jeongguk, you don’t need to—”“I don’t need to, but I want to.” He looks into Taehyung’s eyes, searches for any fear, or mistrust. “If you want me to, I’ll learn it for you.”Taehyung’s eyes shake and he looks around, but the fear never makes an appearance. There is trepidation, but he supposes it’s natural. “I don’t understand—this isn’t—why?” Taehyung asks, words a whisper, a curious flutter in the air.“Well,” Jeongguk says, licking his lips and his heart beating in tandem. He’s being reckless. But he’s also feeling right. “You deserve to feel at home, Taehyung.”Taehyung shuts his mouth, line tight but eyes hopeful, fearful yet curious. As if wondering what Jeongguk is up to—and maybe the Jeongguk before the sirens and the flower would have thought he was being ridiculous, being like those others Taehyung had seen to but a yearning inside told him he was on the right path. In spite of all that he had heard and seen.Taehyung tilts his head and Jeongguk finds his gaze distracted by the long, golden line of it. He appraises Jeongguk silently, curiously and Jeongguk waits, patient. Whatever Taehyung wanted, Jeongguk would abide by it.“Are you certain?” Taehyung asks, voice soft but firm, and Jeongguk nods. “I…you can do it once, and see for yourself. I won’t ask it of you again.”Saying that, the witch leans back and Jeongguk steps closer. “So do I just—go for it?”Taehyung smiles, eyes amused. “Gently, not like a rabid dog,” he says, then reaches down to take Jeongguk’s hand in his own and guides it to a point just under his ear. The gesture feels too intimate, and Jeongguk understands why Taehyung said it was for family or loved ones.Jeongguk was neither.“Just imagine you’re hugging someone and you bury your nose in their neck. But sort of—run your nose along the surface.”Jeongguk’s heart is thundering as he leans in, white noise crowding his head as he does just that, presses against Taehyung and places his chin on the other’s shoulder. Everything is warm and Taehyung’s body is exactly like Jeongguk had imagined—lean and strong, but not overly bulky. Even through the thick velvet robes, he can sense it.Taehyung doesn’t move, doesn’t say a word as he lets Jeongguk accustom himself to the practice. It certainly is something humans have never done; Jeongguk doesn’t even think they have scent glands. Sure, each person in his life carried some scent—from their work, the food they cooked, the perfumes they put on—but never a natural scent. His mind is running in circles and his heartbeat is loud in his ears, really, what on gods’ realm was he thinking—Jeongguk decides to hell with it and digs in, right at the place Taehyung had pointed out, and—he knows his world will never be the same again.Just like the beach, the lavender and sage are intensely concentrated, heady enough to drive him dizzy with the sudden explosion of it in his nose, his tongue, and throat. It trickles down in gentle waves, carves itself into his crevices, and fills his head in the most blissful way, and the spread itself makes him dig in even more, to chase the taste of it without truly tasting it.He barely registers the gasp Taehyung makes—surprise, perhaps, though the witch still doesn’t move, grip tight on the counter. Jeongguk borrows cues from all that but makes sure not to touch Taehyung, to cross any more lines than he already has. He keeps at it for a moment longer, running his nose along the skin just like Taehyung asked and wanting more and more of the lavender. His mouth nearly waters and—He needs to stop.Gently, he moves away and steps back—and stumbles, his head clouded with the scent, his eyes watering from the intensity of it and how it sits at the back of his throat, nestled and warm. His knees are weak and there’s the tell-tale heat in his gut that he hasn’t felt in a long, long time, and it drives a spike of shame to break through the haze.“Oh, holy gods,” Jeongguk mutters, and he stumbles even more, dizziness catching up as Taehyung grips his arm and leads him to the stool, on which he all but falls. “Is that how it feels?”“I don’t know how it feels like for a human,” Taehyung says gently, and Jeongguk looks up at him, dazed and wanting and just—plain, disgusting human he’s sure he can’t hide. Taehyung brushes away his hair, and that’s when Jeongguk sees it—calm where the witch was usually keyed up, his own sense of blissfulness in place of the distrust. “But I suppose yes.”He did that. Jeongguk did that. As if he needed an even bigger ego.“And to think they didn’t want it,” Jeongguk mutters, unthinking of the words, still reeling. He’s caught by a wave of rage at all those nameless others who hurt Taehyung and rejected him simply for being different. “If I was a Fae, I would never leave your neck.”Taehyung’s hands freeze at that, something unsure and bitter cutting through the blissful haze. Jeongguk thinks he regrets it but the expression vanishes, eyes filled with playful mirth. “Good that you are not.”It’s cryptic but Jeongguk doesn’t have it in him to question, to clarify. His knees still shake and the stupid heat in his belly makes no move to recede. How typically human of him. Maybe conversation and distractions would help; this was all a momentary blip in the passage of time. Jeongguk just needed to stop doing stupid, reckless things to make it worse for him.“Did you feel better?” He asks because that was the whole point. “Did I do alright? I hope I didn’t cross any boundaries, I tried my best but really, Taehyung, your scent was just not something I was expecting and I’m not aware of what I could have done—” Jeongguk blabbers in panic as he comes down from his high, but he’s stopped when Taehyung catches hold of his chin and tilts his head up to meet his eyes. He is amused, but also serious. It’s a lovely look on his face.“Jeongguk, calm,” Taehyung says, and his voice carries a melodic tilt that sings to his bones, his blood—puts them to sleep. “You were more than good. Thank you for doing this for me, even though you can hardly stand.” He says the last line with a laugh and Jeongguk blushes.“It was nothing,” he mumbles, skin burning under Taehyung’s careful gaze. “Not after everything you have done for me.”Taehyung presses his lips, as if he wants to dispute that but then shrugs. The blissful haze slowly recedes, and his usual aloofness and carefulness take place. But the distrust is missing, as if in scenting Taehyung Jeongguk had earned the trust, or some extent of it, and had thus won a place of significance.He moves away and goes back to tinkering with his pots, and Jeongguk already misses his warmth, his presence despite how close he is.  “So tell me,” Taehyung says after a while, cutting chunks of meat into the sizzling stew, the aroma of spices overpowering the lingering effects of Taehyung’s own. Not that Jeongguk thinks he’d ever forget the scent, not for the rest of his life. “How did the scenting feel like for you?”Jeongguk scrubs away at the remaining dishes. His pace is sluggish, the effects of the scent slowing him down. Thank the gods the familiar and shameful heat of mistaken arousal left him. “Imagine crushed lavender and sage mixed together into a bowl, and dipping your head right into it.”His tone isn’t pleased, despite how lovely the scent had been, and Taehyung giggles. It’s a sweet sound, a new one not unlike the ones Jeongguk used to hear from the nursery in Sunsong, and it does strange things to his heart. “You seemed like you enjoyed it a little too much.”“I’m slightly inconvenienced, not stupid,” Jeongguk retorts. Taehyung snorts even more, and something about the two of them lets hope bloom in his chest, his heart. “I love your scent, but you’re right—I don’t think humans are meant for it.”“Be honoured you got to at all,” Taehyung quips, stirring the meat. Jeongguk realises how it’s been a while since he’s allowed to be in the same space as Taehyung, to be trusted like this. “No human has ever had the pleasure.”“Ah, yes, the mighty Fae and their famed superiority,” Jeongguk scoffs jokingly, and Taehyung turns only to poke out his tongue at him. Jeongguk’s heart skips a beat because he can’t recall Taehyung ever being this playful, this light. Did just scenting really do that?How would Taehyung have been if he had been regularly scented as a child? If he had been accepted, no matter his magic or scent? Would he have curled in so deep inside then? Something about it troubles Jeongguk, but he keeps the thought away. He’d rather focus on the Taehyung he could experience now.“How was it for you?” He ventures, a little hesitant because he’s still doubtful he did much, especially when he didn’t even know what he was doing, or whether he was doing it right. His perfectionism was his fallacy.“You’re not still wondering about that, are you?” Taehyung tuts, as he scoops out the meat into a bowl and sprinkles garnish—rosemary. “I did say you were good, Jeongguk—”“I don’t care if I was good,” Jeongguk cuts it. Lies, but Jeongguk can pretend. “But I care if it was good enough for you. It was all for you.”Taehyung plays around with his food, face thoughtful. But his expression is calm and Jeongguk thrives watching that. “It was wonderful. It felt warm, and like I had found myself.” His voice is soft and a little heart-broken, as if Taehyung himself is wondering where he would be if he’d been simply accepted. “I finally understand why my people were so obsessed with it.”The light, playful moment is interrupted by the brief melancholy, but Jeongguk doesn’t resent it. He sees it for what it really is—an acknowledgement, perhaps, of how the past had mistreated Taehyung. How Taehyung was slowly coming to terms with it.“I’m sorry it happened at all,” Jeongguk says. Tonight they’re inside, sitting on the table and enjoying the warmth of the cottage. “You didn’t deserve it.”Taehyung chews, silent but looks up questioningly. “How do you say that so easily?”“What?”“What I do and don’t deserve,” Taehyung says, quiet and scared. “I don’t know it myself half the time.”“Maybe you didn’t have the right people to show you,” Jeongguk answers. It’s a good question. Who is Jeongguk to utter these words so easily? “Not that I’m the right person. But I think…I think everyone is deserving of love and care, and it doesn’t hurt to say it so.”Taehyung keeps quiet and remains that way. Jeongguk lets the words hang in between as they finish their dinner, both spoken and unspoken things floating in the air. || Jeongguk tries to go back to his routine, but it’s to no avail. Physically, there’s no change—he gets up with the sun, washes up and eats his breakfast, gets to work. Over and over again, like clockwork. He doesn’t have any complaints—he’s taken care of now, he doesn’t have that persistent fear of death or suffering and he’s doing well for himself, given all his circumstances.Yet, dissatisfaction lingers. Hunger gnaws under his ribs, his skin, and whispers in his mind, and the stew isn’t enough. Simply existing isn’t enough—looking isn’t enough.It started with the scenting—Jeongguk’s sure of it. Or well, the sirens, for putting the blasted images in his head. That he could convince himself was a dream, and he was capable enough to think for himself, of course, he was. But the smeraldo—now that wasn’t something he could write off as a coincidence, could he?“That is not how you crush them,” Taehyung chastises, gently slapping away his hand from the pestle and taking over, enveloping him into his scent that’s increasingly become difficult to ignore. “I will show you once again—then you must replicate. Otherwise, the potion will refuse to cooperate.”They are in the midst of crushing herbs into a paste, something Taehyung will later use to make some potion of his that Jeongguk doesn’t have a clue about. Is not sure if he wants to even, really, but this is an opportunity to be in the other’s presence and well—Jeongguk is not completely a fool.Or maybe he is, but he’d rather take his chances.He’s decided he likes Taehyung like this. Educative, calm, a little talkative than he’d thought the witch to be but a change he welcomes with his whole heart. His derision and disgust have tamed down and hope plays with the edges of his mouth. Not that Jeongguk should be focusing on that, because his mother raised him to be a gentleman. Even if he’s far from home and his mother will never see his descent into foolishness.Still, he has to honour her memory.He observes Taehyung once more, the way he leans forward and presses into the stone, the way the herbs gush from beneath and stain his pretty, pretty fingers, and how he’s so meticulous about it, not a drop spilled or wasted—Jeongguk can’t help but admire him. He snaps out of it when Taehyung clicks his fingers in front of his gaze, and blushes, ashamed at getting caught.He carefully replicates exactly what Taehyung did and his heart soars when Taehyung cheers lowly, a hand squeezing the nape of his neck.These casual touches by the other are unbearable too, but Jeongguk can’t deny him. Not after how long it took Taehyung to take a step out.“You’re a natural, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says quietly, taking over and cleaning out the herbs into a bowl, before proceeding to take the used utensils into the washbasin nearby. “A little more practice and you’d be taking over me.”“Impossible,” Jeongguk shoots back easily, leaning against the counter. “None could live up to your talents. Your magic knows no bounds.”He doesn’t have to see Taehyung’s face to know the other is flushed; Jeongguk’s discovered a sick sort of pleasure in complimenting him, to see the slow rush of blood run up to his face and neck, to make up for the utter lack of warmth the witch received when he needed it most. He knows it’s not his responsibility, but it is his—honour, maybe, to fill in the spot, to be something he’s not. He’s not family or intimate but he could be…What? Friend? Comrade? Another lonely person stuck on an island, reliant on its sole inhabitant and thriving off of him? Who is Jeongguk in all of this, and who is he to Taehyung?It bothers him sometimes, this question. He doesn’t think much into it for he fears being disappointed, being rejected. Being told he’s not as important as the other is to him, by now, and whoever liked knowing something like that anyway?But the smeraldo, the flower—it makes him run in circles, makes him counter the question again and again. A truth-revealing flower. What truth had it revealed about him, and why couldn’t Jeongguk name it?“Taehyung?” He asks, breaking the comfortable silence that had befallen them. The banter often gives way to these and Jeongguk enjoys that. Enjoys their shift from mindless chatter to something soft.“Hmm?”“Can I ask you a question?”“You’re asking for permission now?” Taehyung asks, rather incredulously and Jeongguk warms, scratches his neck. He did have a reputation for asking things regardless of whether the other was ready or not. But Jeongguk’s learned the value of patience, of time and consideration.“I’m simply being considerate,” Jeongguk huffs, a little indignant. He has improved, he’s sure of it.“That never stopped you before.”“Well, it’s stopping me now,” he says, almost stomping his foot like a child. Gods, he needs to work on this. “Can I?”Taehyung pauses on scrubbing the stone and tilts his head. Jeongguk keeps focusing on his eyes rather than the neck, the sharp memory of scenting filling up his head. He cannot go there, he simply can’t.“Of course,” Taehyung nods, eyes curious. “If it’s something I can answer, I will do my best.”How they have changed. How Taehyung no longer bristles, no longer raises his hackles in defence; how Jeongguk no longer feels like he’s walking on eggshells around of him. It is a warm, marvellous feeling.Jeongguk thinks about it, bites his lips, and feels the pain of skin tearing off, the nerves dancing along his frame. Maybe Taehyung has gotten better at receiving his queries but it doesn’t mean he can’t withdraw.“The flowers we plucked that day,” Jeongguk starts, stiffening when he sees how Taehyung freezes momentarily. “What—what do you do with them?”They hadn’t talked about it, or Jeongguk’s stupid mistake and what it had led him to do save for the brazen attempt at scenting Taehyung. Taehyung hadn’t asked him again but Jeongguk—ached for it. In that selfish, greedy way of his.“The smeraldo?” Jeongguk nods, and Taehyung resumes scrubbing, thoughtful yet careful. “What I make of them, you mean?”“Yes…you said potions but I haven’t seen you using them yet.”Taehyung smiles. He’s been doing more of it lately, and it suits him so, so much. “Ah, it’s because they haven’t matured fully. Petals need to dry out before I can crush them into a powder. That’s what goes into the potion.”Jeongguk nods. It would make sense; those had been truly strange plants. “And what does the potion do?”Taehyung doesn’t answer for a long time, enough that Jeongguk thinks he asked the wrong thing, that he’s driven him into his favoured silence—but no, he won’t spiral like this. Patience, and consideration.Taehyung is done scrubbing and dries his hands on a towel nearby. His face is set into a frown but it’s not an unpleasant one. When he turns to face Jeongguk, he looks both hopeful and scared, as if he is opening one more part of him and bequeathing it to Jeongguk.Jeongguk is ready to cradle anything in his bare, open arms.“It’s a special potion of mine,” Taehyung says quietly. They’re opposite each other, yet Jeongguk can almost sense a thread between that keeps them hanging. “It’s—it’s not something common in the Magikal world.”Taehyung wrings his hands together, fiddling with the ends of his robes. He’s nervous, Jeongguk thinks—but about what? What could such a fearsome, powerful witch have to be nervous about?“The potion, it—it reveals the truth of the soul’s bearer,” Taehyung says. Jeongguk frowns in confusion. “It reveals the truth, which, when combined with my magic, can—can transform them.”The confusion grows a new stem, but Jeongguk won’t dismiss it just yet. He’s seen too much magic to go back to his old ways, and maybe that shows for Taehyung lets out a frustrated huff. He leans over the table behind him and brings out an apple, holding it in his hand.“Watch,” he instructs, and Jeongguk is captivated anyway, both by his command and the determination on Taehyung’s face.He watches as the apple remains in the palm of his hand, watches the way Taehyung only looks at it with a rather bored expression.Watches as the surface moulds, melts, and darkens, crackling into something purple that leaves behind an odour so pungent Jeongguk nearly chokes, and then gasps as it is replaced with—with a pear.A fucking pear.“What the—what in the name of the gods,” Jeongguk says, stumbling forward and ripping the pear away from Taehyung’s hand, uncaring that he’s crossing several levels of etiquette in doing so. He rolls the pear left and right, smells it and the tart sweetness pears often carry—and he can’t believe his eyes. He meets Taehyung’s eyes, sure his own are wide as saucers. “How did you do that?”Taehyung gives a thin, wane smile. “That is transformation magic.” He nods at the pear, stance relaxed and casual. Perhaps even at home, as if by doing this, he released—some magic he had kept locked up. “You can eat it if you wish to.”“Are you serious?” Jeongguk asks, incredulous, looking from the pear to Taehyung, expecting the apple to magically—hah—come back somehow. “This isn’t some trick, right? I eat this and I won’t grow a third eye, will I?”Taehyung raises an eyebrow. “Are you humans usually this ridiculous?”“I just saw an apple turn into a pear, give me a break!” Jeongguk exclaims, scoffs when he sees Taehyung’s mouth twitch like he’s holding back laughter. At Jeongguk’s expense.“Alright, alright, calm,” Taehyung says, closing Jeongguk’s hand around the pear. His hand is warm and soft, but rough with callouses that Jeongguk shouldn’t think about. “You can eat it. You will be safe. I promise.”Jeongguk is still suspicious, but he trusts Taehyung. He bites into the flesh, nearly moans at the tartness coating his tongue and mouth, and reels because this is quite possibly the best pear he’s ever had.He does slap his forehead to check for the third eye, though, an action that causes Taehyung to let out peals of laughter that Jeongguk’s heart sings to. He’d do all the ridiculous, human things if it means Taehyung gets to be free like that, if not in the way he wants.  “So, you didn’t complete your explanation. Transformation magic?”There are many words to describe Jeongguk, and relentless has always been one of them. It was a persistent complaint from anyone that knew him—family, friends, and academy teachers—once Jeongguk set his mind to something, he would never let go of it.Taehyung scoops more meat into Jeongguk’s bowl and hums. Almost as if he’s pleased now that he showed Jeongguk something and Jeongguk didn’t—lose all his marbles.“Yes. That’s what it was.”“And I’ve never seen it before because…?”“Well. It is forbidden magic, maybe that’s why,” Taehyung quips as if he didn’t admit to committing some kind of magical felony. Not that Jeongguk could do anything about it. “It hasn’t stopped me, of course, but I don’t like to display it casually. Also, it is strenuous magic, it depletes quite a bit of my resources.”“I did think you seemed a little less…charged after that little trick,” Jeongguk admits, hoping he doesn’t offend the witch. Yet loving the little pieces of information he was getting out of this. “Almost like you were relieved.”Taehyung looks up in surprise, spoon halfway up to his mouth. He chews for a moment before swallowing, gaze keen and sharp. “You’re quite the observant fellow, aren’t you, Jeongguk?”And Jeongguk, the stupid little human with his stupid human tendencies, blushes. Why does he do this? “Ah, yes, that could be said.”“It’s admirable, really, you needn’t worry,” Taehyung says sweetly, in a way Jeongguk’s sure he’s being teased. “A reward for your observance—yes, I do indeed let go off significant energy of my magic for transformations. It allows for harmony to return to my being.”That makes sense. He supposes balance was the key to all harmonious existence. “And you need to do this all the time?”“Every once in a while, just to keep a check,” Taehyung says. He must have done little tricks like this inside, away from Jeongguk’s awareness or view. “If I do it regularly, it makes sure there is enough practice and accumulation left for when I have to do the really big ones.”“Big ones?” Jeongguk frowns. He looks around the island; it all seemed the same to him. “Like what? And if a little bit depletes you so, how do you manage the energy for the larger ones?”“Full of questions today, I was wondering where you’d gone,” Taehyung says, his voice so fond Jeongguk’s chest squeezes. “That’s where the truth-potion comes into place. It does the work first hand, begins revealing the truth. The transformation magic works on the rest of it, with what I want the bearer to be.”Jeongguk snorts and Taehyung raises an eyebrow; he raises a hand in defence. “I’m sorry, nothing against what you said—this just sounds all so fantastical, I have a hard time believing it.”Taehyung keeps the eyebrow raised, mouth twitching until a slow, devilish smile takes place. Jeongguk’s heart pounds in response—not in fear but a sick sort of excitement. Taehyung leans forward across the table, keeping his eyes on Jeongguk all the while before he leans close enough to get to his ear. Jeongguk shivers at the closeness, the muted scent.“Pity there isn’t a sailor here, or else you would have had a fresh meal.”Taehyung leans back at that, a muted smile on his face and mirth twinkling in his eyes as Jeongguk blinks, reeling first from how the whispered words had sounded before the meaning settles and Jeongguk gasps.“Oh gods,” he says, stumbling from the table, wide eyes flickering between Taehyung and the pigpen. Oh, holy gods. “The pigs. Oh goodness.”“Would you be interested in offering, Jeongguk?” Taehyung continues so, so sweet, and Jeongguk hates how he both recoils in fear and edges close in anticipation.“No! No, I am—I am absolutely fine, yes, I do not need any—demonstrations,” Jeongguk stammers, a safe distance away from Taehyung, gut prickling and warming as Taehyung begins to laugh, clearly enjoying Jeongguk’s panic. But it isn’t like those first few days, none of it carries the mockery and superiority Jeongguk had hated. “Got it. You do the big ones on the—big ones. I see.”“You are rather attentive, yes,” Taehyung quips, clearing away the bowls. “Does that answer your question, then?”“Somewhat,” Jeongguk says, though that really hadn’t been the question he aimed for. But Taehyung was in a good mood, hunger satiated and laughs abound. “But I had something else.”It only speaks of how used to him Taehyung is that his only response is a sigh. “Go on.”“What would have happened if I had had the entire flower that day?”Taehyung halts in his steps. Jeongguk wonders why he does that, why his questions are so shocking it freezes the man so. Like he’s cutting away at something blasphemous. But when Taehyung turns around, there is only fear in his eyes—but not because Jeongguk asked the question.“Promise me,” he says suddenly, coming close and taking Jeongguk’s hand in his. Worry and fear etch themselves onto his face. “Promise me you’ll never go back and do something foolish like that, alright?”“I—I won’t, I promise,” Jeongguk says, hands hurting from how tightly Taehyung has clutched them. “But why—?”“The flower is dangerous,” Taehyung explains softly, hands still wrapped around Jeongguk’s. Not that Jeongguk is complaining. “You saw how a small piece of the petal affected you, didn’t you?”“Y-Yeah.”“A whole bulb would have driven you mad, made you delusional,” Taehyung says, tone imploring and looking into Jeongguk like he’s hoping he can get rid of the thought itself. “It would have broken your mind—no one is ready for the entire truth. Not the humans, not the Magikal—it is a terrible power to have. What I use is a fraction of it, and even that scares me sometimes.”Jeongguk gulps, Taehyung’s fear seeping its way through and settling into the back of his throat, the edges of ribs. His heart thunders on for entirely different reasons now. He briefly wonders how Taehyung knows this, knows of the certain—death the flower seems to promise, but he’s not brave enough to ask. Not when Taehyung’s eyes quiver in fear, in the recall of something terrible. Jeongguk is relentless, but he is not cruel.“I promise I won’t,” he whispers quietly, assurance bleeding out. He wraps his other hand around Taehyung’s, covering it up and resisting bringing it to his chest, his heart. That would be too intimate, won’t it? “I am curious, but I am not—foolish. I hope.”Taehyung looks down at their hands as he breathes, coming out in little shudders trapped in his frame. Even as he stands over Jeongguk he seems so small, almost like he’s calling to be protected.“Alright,” Taehyung says, at last, a timid smile on his face. “I hope you’re not foolish as well.”“Don’t worry, I have a scar to remind me,” Jeongguk jokes back, taking Taehyung’s hand to his head. They’re much too close, lavender and sage faint in his nostrils and body but so welcome. Taehyung flickers between his eyes and the scar, doesn’t seem to mind—touching Jeongguk like this. Or how he brushes a thumb over it, regret and fondness filling his eyes in a way that Jeongguk’s chest is all tight, tight, and tight. “I don’t blame you.”“I know,” Taehyung says, still looking at the now healed scar, the puckered pink skin which hurts only if Jeongguk digs into it. The roughness of his thumb feels comforting. “It suits you.”“Does it now?” Jeongguk breathes out, fear giving away to the other emotion he’s begun feeling these days, ever since the flowers and sirens and scenting. But he can’t give in, he can’t. No matter how tempting it is or how he aches. How he itches to move his hand and bring him close.“Hmm, makes you look rugged,” Taehyung says absently, almost as if he himself isn’t aware of what he’s saying. “You were all soft when you first came. Rough hands, but otherwise pristine. Clean.”“I suppose you like this better, then,” Jeongguk shoots blindly, even as his heart clamours against his ribs and his mind screams. What are you doing what are you doing he’s not like you he’s not some town lad—“I do,” Taehyung confirms quietly, so soft Jeongguk almost misses it over the thumping of his heart. “I like it a lot.”Jeongguk’s head spins. He knows unlike Taehyung, he couldn’t possibly control his reactions as well and he could reveal his thoughts—he can’t have that. He can’t be those others, even if he feels more and more depraved with each day that passes. Yet, he can’t help when his hand does reach out and—hold Taehyung at his waist, just his robe. Not to bring him close, as much as he wants that, but just to steady himself. To ground himself and—Even his waist seems narrow, doesn’t it, a voice questions, and Jeongguk agrees. His restraint hangs by a thread and it snaps, snaps when Taehyung briefly digs into his wound, and instead of pain, prickles of pleasure thrum under his skin. It’s different when Taehyung did it, and Jeongguk breaks, hand tight on the robe as he pulls him closer and breathes in the scent attached. The scent that’s somehow become stronger, almost as if Taehyung couldn’t help it himself—Jeongguk shakes his head violently, gasping as he drops his hand and pushes himself away from the stool. Taehyung also stumbles back, confusion and rejection on his face.“I’m so sorry,” Jeongguk says, holding his head and hoping the spinning would stop. It’s been days since the flower, it shouldn’t still be lingering in his body. “I don’t know what came over me—I apologise.”“It’s al-alright,” Taehyung says, still confused and hunching himself inwards, holding his arms, confusion giving way to the hurt and rejection. Guilt punches through Jeongguk’s gut. “I—I didn’t realise how close I was. I shouldn’t have—excuse me, I’ll take my leave now—”Faster than his thoughts can catch up to him, Jeongguk gets up from the stool and catches hold of his sleeve, turning Taehyung around. His heart lurches at the sorrow, the familiar neglect etches on his face. Jeongguk didn’t want that. He doesn’t want Taehyung to feel devastated because of him.“Don’t run,” Jeongguk whispers, still holding on, even though a few moments he had pushed away Taehyung as if he’d burnt him.“I’m not,” Taehyung says, tight and closed, bristling. Hurt, he’s hurt, his brain cautions. “I crossed a line, I didn’t realise what I was doing with my scent. I promise it was an accident—”“I didn’t mind,” Jeongguk cuts in, gazing into his eyes. His heart and mind are haywire, but he thinks even if the flower’s effects left his body, it ignited some need to keep spilling the truth. “Even if it wasn’t an accident, I wouldn’t mind.”He’s only slightly taller than Taehyung but right now, the other seems so small. Jeongguk wants to do mad things, wants to gather him up and hold him like he’s one of his Academy crushes, the sweet ways they would express affection. But is that really what it is? Does he really feel…something for Taehyung?No, no, no, you are to be here for the rest of your life, it wouldn’t be ideal, his mind chastises him, but he keeps it aside, keeps staring and watching as Taehyung’s eyes shake and lips quiver, though no tears fall. Save for that one time, none have come so far. But his eyes do seem wet.“I don’t know why it happened, maybe just—my magic’s reaction to you,” Taehyung says, and even his voice shakes with unspoken truths. Jeongguk wants to uncover them all. Can somehow guess why Taehyung really felt hurt.“You seem hurt,” he tries, and hopes Taehyung won’t shut down, won’t turn away. His own heart seems to twinge in pain.Taehyung’s eyes widen but he doesn’t stiffen or bristle. Allows Jeongguk to keep holding on. “I’m—I’m fine, but my magic, it’s—”“Got a mind of its own, doesn’t it,” Jeongguk completes, and Taehyung nods, muted and somehow shy. “Then you can’t blame yourself for things your magic does, no?”He’s not even sure he’s saying the right things, or if he knows enough to say them. What does Jeongguk know about magic than the indoctrination he received at the Academy? What authority did he have?Taehyung remains silent, and Jeongguk takes a chance. Pulls him in close, determined and sure. Maybe magic muddled in between and interfered, but he likes to think he cares, at least a little bit, for Taehyung amongst it somewhere.“I wasn’t rejecting you,” he says carefully, even though he’s not sure why he chose the word. He and Taehyung aren’t anything. Taehyung hadn’t even proposed anything to be rejected. But Jeongguk understands, how rejection runs beyond partnership. They are companions at the end of the day, the two of them, and he can assure Taehyung of that. “I apologise if it felt that way. But I didn’t—I didn’t think it was right of me to do something without permission. And I don’t—I won’t understand if there are magical cues for it.”Taehyung’s eyes widen and he lets out a hush oh, as if he understood how different Jeongguk is for he can’t understand these base instincts the Magikal could have. He is an ordinary sailor and he has his honour intact—or so he thinks.“That—does soothe my magic,” Taehyung admits, a guilty smile on his face, and Jeongguk breathes out a sigh of relief. He still doesn’t let go of Taehyung’s sleeve. “Not that I have any experience in this but in my kind, we often used our scents to—to show our emotions, I think, and it was a way we communicated. I forgot at the moment.”Jeongguk nods, though he wonders what exactly had Taehyung wanted to communicate. He dare not think it was some kind of permission for Jeongguk to—to continue, because he would lose it.“That’s quite interesting,” Jeongguk says, still looking for signs of any lingering hurt, anything he can do to get rid of it for Taehyung, who isn’t meeting his eyes fully. Almost like he’s shy. “So you’re fine, aren’t you? No magical messages of rejection?”“None,” Taehyung says, but he sounds so shy still. “Yet I…I know I said I wouldn’t ask this of you again, but…”“Go ahead. Anything I can help with,” Jeongguk says, hastily, maybe too eager.“…could you scent me again?”Once again his mind goes haywire, heart eager like a mad dog inside its cage. His hold on his sleeve tightens. “Is that what you want?”Taehyung nods. He almost seems ashamed, like he doesn’t deserve to ask for something supposedly basic to his kind. A curl of anger unfurls in Jeongguk’s stomach. Those blasted people of his, to have let such insecurity breed inside. “My magic accepts your explanation but it wants—it wants—”“It wants a reassurance words can’t provide,” Jeongguk says and Taehyung nods, apples of his cheeks dark red and shame colouring his eyes. Jeongguk wants it gone. “I would be happy to.”Taehyung only looks up in surprise, before Jeongguk pulls him in slowly, somehow instantly moulding himself around Taehyung. He isn’t even thinking as he sticks close, breathes onto his neck which Taehyung automatically tilts, perhaps on instinct. Jeongguk tampers on everything else the display of trust ignites in him as he does what he did before, gently and slowly—taking his time, unlike the blind stumbling earlier.He doesn’t even realise when Taehyung is pressing against him, or how his hand rests gently but respectfully on his waist. How Taehyung’s hand clutch the back of his shirt—though it’s not the way he’s thought of. His sole focus is Taehyung and him calming down. He remembers how at peace the witch had looked after the first time.“You deserve to ask for care,” he whispers into Taehyung’s neck, even as he noses it up and down, makes sure he doesn’t do something absolutely wild and boy-like by—licking into it, like a part of his mind is screaming at him to do. Taehyung was so much more than this. “You deserve to not feel shame for scenting. It’s something your people did. Why do you sound so scared?”Taehyung’s hold tightens and he trembles ever so slightly, small and feather-like. All Jeongguk wants to do is tighten his own hold, maybe shield Taehyung from his own demons. His lavender and sage gently wafts out instead of the strong punch in the guts they had been earlier, and Jeongguk revels in it. He wonders how he smells to Taehyung, if he even has something like this. If Taehyung minds.They don’t say a word more as Jeongguk keeps going and Taehyung stays, not until the scent gets a little bit much for Jeongguk and he needs to take a break. But he doesn’t break away from Taehyung, instead choosing to pull him in closer and just rest against him, break all his rules and lines because at this moment, all that matters is Taehyung deserves to feel safe.And Jeongguk deserves to provide it.  They don’t know what to do with each other after.Nothing’s changed, Jeongguk knows this. No ground-breaking revelation happened; Taehyung is a careful person hurt too often to throw himself at the first person who shows him care. The witch is far too—wise, or clever—to do so, and Jeongguk silently agrees with the temperament. Not reckless and impulsive like Jeongguk is, always putting himself in different shoes and walking none too well.Yet, Taehyung is shy. Almost as if seeking Jeongguk out of his own need caused some deep well of shame to break. It hurts Jeongguk to see, to know how much Taehyung blames himself for asking so little. Comfort, care—who didn’t want these things? What had Taehyung been told to distance himself from them?Or was it the witch who chose to keep himself down?Thankfully, Taehyung doesn’t run and hide. Doesn’t withdraw, and Jeongguk’s sure his guess is correct—scenting improves his mood, allows some harmony to come in. If this was the case after a couple of tries, how long had Taehyung gone by without anyone offering? How had he not been driven mad?“If you don’t scent for long, does something happen?” Jeongguk asks, long after they parted and Jeongguk follows Taehyung like a little puppy, refusing to leave him alone to his devices. To shut down like the witch is probably habituated towards.Taehyung hums. His entire composure is calm and content. “I don’t think so. It isn’t something the Fae need to survive, but it makes surviving easier.”“So there are species that are of the former?”“Hmm, the Lycans,” Taehyung answers, stirring a boiling pot that bubbles with a green concoction. “An entirely different species. They worship the Moon Goddess.”“What are they?” Jeongguk asks, having never heard of them before. Or any creature; even the fantasy stories the humans came up with were lacking in imagination compared to everything Taehyung revealed.“Wolves. More animalistic than refined,” Taehyung says, wrinkling his nose. “They can shift, apparently, between forms. We don’t like them, obviously.”“Why not?”“The Fae don’t like anyone who aren’t them,” Taehyung snorts, and Jeongguk lets out a sigh of understanding. Not very different from humans, but he keeps the observation to himself. “But the Lycans rely on their scent. They die if they are lone and their greatest form of punishment is being cast out.”Jeongguk shudders a little thinking about it. Taehyung was cast out too, but he wouldn’t die out of being alone. Small mercy, perhaps. “Have you met one?”“Saw one getting executed when I was twelve? It had been captured on the territory, stealing resources from the land. A rouge, most likely. It was quite mad.”So much he lacked about this world he lived in. All because he chose to live blinded. “So scenting for your people is…”“I suppose recognition,” Taehyung says, covering the pot, adding kindle to the fire. He created a purple aura around it as well, and it clashed marvellously with the copper. “Scents inform us of the Fae’s element and seasonal clan. It indicates the source of their magic; it allows their magic to communicate. But it’s not essential, I think.”“Or else you would have suffered,” Jeongguk says, and Taehyung nods, staring into the fire with his arms crossed. All these stories about magic and Magikal species floating around, a potion bubbling away merrily nearby and the most powerful witch Jeongguk had heard of, standing in front of him so small, so—so broken. “Taehyung?”“Yes?”“Why didn’t you try your truth-revealing potion on me?”It’s a question that has been swirling in his mind since Taehyung told him of it, one he put off because things had changed so fast. But now they’re back, learning and wondering.Taehyung looks at him curiously, but otherwise, his way is blank, nonchalant. As if the answer is obvious. “I use the potion only on those who need it.”“So many pigs in the pen outside,” Jeongguk insists, because what had he done so differently? “And I get away?”“Do you mind?” Taehyung asks, a smile twitching around his mouth. “I do remember offering earlier—”“Shut up,” Jeongguk grumbles, and Taehyung lets out a tinkering laugh. “I was just—curious.”“I’m not tiring of it anytime soon,” Taehyung quips, uncovering the pot only to add a few shredded petals of some plant, stirring them in. A strange odour fills the room. “Are you asking why?”“Yes.”“Well, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says after a while, covering the pot once more. His eyes are warm and fond, almost like he was pleased to give this answer at last. “I don’t need a potion to see your soul. So why would you need to be transformed at all?”Jeongguk’s response is caught in his throat at that, and Taehyung’s eyes twinkle. He douses the fire of the potion, says an incantation into the liquid which glows purples before settling, and leaves it to cool. Taehyung works around the workstation some more before he approaches Jeongguk’s chin, tapping it shut.“Don’t be so surprised. You are a good person,” Taehyung says, tapping the centre of his chest, his voice equally fond as the look in his eyes, and Jeongguk’s heart thunders. “Now come. It is dinner time.”He walks away, whistling. Jeongguk places a hand on his chest and tries not to cheer.Forget them not knowing what to do with each other after. Jeongguk doesn’t know what to do with himself at all.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Seventeen|
 A spiral sets into motion, climbing higher and higher than ever before.Each day is the same, and yet, is tempered with a difference. Jeongguk tries to put a finger on it but each attempt is a study in how long he can stave off the yearning, the hunger that builds steadily under his skin.The spiral sometimes takes on a different motion than what Jeongguk is used to. He supposes this is what life really is—something similar but in different shades and temperaments. What once bothered him now no longer does, either replaced with something more bothersome or a better perspective that reduces the intensity. It goes on and on, and if Jeongguk did not stop to look at it, to caress the understanding—he would be lost forever.  It is the shame that begins speaking a different language—one that Jeongguk knows well. It once curdled in the pit of his stomach but now remains stationary; a cautious hopefulness that Jeongguk doesn’t want to name yet. When Taehyung glances his way, Jeongguk doesn’t look away anymore—and neither does Taehyung, though his cheeks are shaded a soft, lovely pink, offsetting his golden skin like the last of the sunsets.It’s not that Jeongguk doesn’t care anymore—he thinks he cares far too much, perhaps too fast, for someone he had once hated and sworn to kill. It changed, however, when he learnt of the why, of what Taehyung had done what most would have done—found a way to protect himself. If Jeongguk deigns to think about it, he understands why he wanted Taehyung gone. His magic had made Jeongguk bristle like a cornered cat, and his own bias had worked ferociously to paint Taehyung in the worst of lights. It also hadn’t helped that Taehyung was completely unaffected and unbothered to change Jeongguk’s perception of him. And why should he have? Jeongguk had been nothing in front of such an old, powerful witch.But now Taehyung is—well, not new, but it’s altered. There’s someone similar yet not in front of Jeongguk and all it does is make Jeongguk want. Peel off layer after layer, nestle himself into the warm knowledge of Taehyung’s being, and hold him tight.It is a fearsome yearning to have.He doesn’t want to own or possess Taehyung, and this is how he knows the shame is unfounded, for he would never, in a million years, ever do to Taehyung what they did to him. He doesn’t have any rights to Taehyung, only a tender fondness, a need to show the other that Jeongguk can be trusted—so why beat himself up for wanting to only know Taehyung?The shame recedes, unhooks the claws it had embedded in his gut and is shut away. They are two people on an island and Jeongguk cares far too much; why should that be poisoned, when shame was the last thing Taehyung should have to face again?  But with shame locked away in his mind, comes another replacement, a far more tender and maddening one, something that wrangles Jeongguk’s defences into a fierce battle between care, respect and—desire.For as long as Jeongguk has remain trapped on this island, he is certain of few things—amongst them being that Taehyung doesn’t take kindly to those who invade his space, his home. Jeongguk has been careful in upholding that, in asking Taehyung for his permission—permission that had been denied to him once. So it’s only a surprise when Jeongguk realises he doesn’t have to ask anymore, and that it is Taehyung who breaches the line drawn.The second thing to change is the touching. And Taehyung touches a lot, leaving trails and traces where he wants, however he wants. Not in a depraved manner—but as if something has been reignited inside him, to seek out Jeongguk for the smallest of reasons, to always have him within reach. Jeongguk isn’t complaining, equally enamoured by this change when earlier the witch would hold himself at arm’s length, curling into his robes.But Taehyung is so much more than his beauty, isn’t he? There is the sorrow littered like stardust in his eyes, the way his eyebrows betray what he is feeling, and the downward tilt to his mouth. How Taehyung hums to himself when he thinks he’s alone, his eyes lighting up with tender joy as a sapling curls around his finger—the cries of the forest all around, the sense that the island exists because Taehyung does or else it would cease to hold meaning. Everything about Taehyung is a work of art, to be hung in galleries and the wealthy’s houses—and yet, Jeongguk can gaze at him all day, without charge.Jeongguk admires the art of his entire being more than what he observes on the surface.And so, the touching takes him by surprise, but not an unwelcome one. A hand at Jeongguk’s elbow. A casual squeeze at the base of his neck when Jeongguk’s digging into the garden soil. The way Taehyung fusses over his scar, and laughs every time Jeongguk calls it his “mark of stupidity”. A hand over Jeongguk’s when he slices into the herbs, the gentle way he passes over Jeongguk’s cup of tea some evenings and their hands brush—Jeongguk can feel the craving settling deep and gnawing at his insides, his mind screaming—if you want so much then do something about it!But he can’t—can he?The shame is gone, or at least receded deep inside, but—Jeongguk can’t just…ask for things. Or make decisions. Taehyung is doing a marvellous work of coming out petal by blooming petal; should Jeongguk really hasten and undo all of that?His mind says no—but his heart craves a resounding yes.  In the late morning of another day is when Jeongguk’s heart takes hold of the reigns and makes the decision for him.Taehyung is digging into the garden soil, occasional flashes of purple seeping into the wet earth as he goes about it, a small hum on his mouth that Jeongguk wants to swallow and sing himself. Jeongguk sits on his haunches a couple of steps away, hands holding a plant sapling delicately as if it were a child. It is a happy plant, he can tell—it curls into Jeongguk’s palms, a leaf tickling his fingers. Taehyung looks over, a fond crinkle in his eyes—Jeongguk wonders what he and the plant could be conversing about. Not for the first time he wishes he could be like Taehyung and find a way to know him, in ways other than human. Is that too much to ask for?“She likes you,” Taehyung says while he clears the hole of the mud. His hands are pristine; every part of him is and Jeongguk thinks about how Taehyung doesn’t really use his hands, the purple a consistent thrumming energy wrapped around him.“The plant?” Jeongguk asks, and Taehyung hums. Warmth bursts inside his chest and Jeongguk cradles her closer. It is the first plant Jeongguk has taken care of, on a request from Taehyung. Today, it has grown enough to be planted with her brethren, and a part of Jeongguk is sad to see her go. “You can tell?”“I can ask,” Taehyung says, patting the soil down. “When they like someone, they chatter a bit too much. And I hear nothing but praises about you.”Jeongguk is going to be swallowed by his own fondness and nothing could save him. “Well. She was a pleasure to care for.”He doesn’t need Taehyung to tell him how the plant basks in his praise, growing another sprout in excitement and a tendril curling even tighter around his finger.“Come then, little one,” Taehyung says at last, reaching for Jeongguk’s hands and taking the sapling—who resists, clearly. Taehyung frowns. “No, you cannot stay with him forever. You must live here or else you will perish.”Jeongguk remains still while Taehyung leans in, mouth set and eyes firm. He keeps his palms open as Taehyung pries the plant away, a little hush on his breath as the plant strains. It both worries and warms his heart to see something so attached to him.“Does she not want to go?”“No,” Taehyung says, though his tone no longer carries a warning but the gentleness with which he treats his green ones. He finally wins over the plant, croons promises at her in his language and just for a brief moment, his touch lingers on Jeongguk’s. “She’s young; they get attached. But it’s usually me they get attached to.”Jeongguk bites his lip. “Should she not have?”Taehyung caresses her a moment longer. “No, there’s no monopoly. Plants can love whoever they wish to.” He then crouches down and places the sapling gently into space, careful of the baby roots and the fragility of it all. Every touch of Taehyung’s is soft, and for a brazen moment, Jeongguk wishes—“You’re expected to visit her every day, however,” Taehyung says, even as he uses trails of magic to get the soil in. “She is still yours. She is connected to you.”Jeongguk sits next to Taehyung and watches. His heart beats a new rhythm, one he cannot name. “What plant will she become?”Taehyung smiles then. It is so lovely Jeongguk’s breath is punched out of him, and he doesn’t know what to make of it. “Moonflower. It blooms at night, and will always seek the moon. They say with it, one is never lost.”How ironic, that this plant is gifted to him right when he thinks he can cross the bridge between lost and found, though what he has found is a mystery even to him. Or not a mystery, perhaps, but something he is scared to name, to pursue. I found somewhere to belong, he tries, and the words shake his bones, reassemble him entirely. Could he? Could he belong with Taehyung, to this island and be—at peace?  Later that day, as Taehyung plants more of the saplings, Jeongguk lets his heart out of his chest. Persists, when he helps Taehyung and lets his touches linger. Keeps quiet when Taehyung’s hair falls into his eyes and Jeongguk raises a finger up, brushes it away, and tucks it behind his ear.His cheeks are the same lovely pink he had craved since he had been away from Sunsong.Taehyung doesn’t say a word, eyes wide but contentment written onto his skin. What happens when someone like Taehyung isn’t touched and then receives it? What could be going in his mind?It fulfills the ever-present hunger in Jeongguk, to keep touching and exploring and seeing the happiness that barely rises to the surface become stronger each time.Jeongguk lets his heart eat to its content; he doesn’t stop as the fingers trail down Taehyung’s face, to his chin where a smudge of dirt has made its way through. Keeps his eyes on Taehyung’s as he rubs at it gently and pretends not to react to the shallow breathing caught in both their chests.Looks away when he’s done and works on the rest of the garden. || Jeongguk’s recklessness comes out in soft, dulcet tones that add a new rhythm to his heart.He is a lot of things—impulsive, naïve, hopeful and optimistic, a tad too stubborn, and a fierce competitive beast he keeps on a leash inside. But he is not foolish, in spite of the choices which led him here. Jeongguk has only ever known fondness, for one thing, all his life, and the ocean has never disappointed.He thinks he’s okay with adding one more to the list.Taehyung shucks away at the oysters, lightning speed in his movements and a concentrated frown on his face. Jeongguk watches, mouth open in pure admiration. His hands are a whirl of purple, and Jeongguk can’t see straight.His heart screams against his chest.“Taehyung,” he says, excited and scared to interfere but—“Taehyung?”The other does not answer, seemingly lost in some thoughts, thoughts that look like they’re bringing out his sorrow today and Jeongguk won’t have that, not if he can help it.So he does what he knows best—be reckless and think of the consequences later.He thrusts his hand in the midst of Taehyung’s to get him to halt, and pulls back with a hiss as a red welt forms, followed by a persistent burning sting.“What are you doing!” Taehyung nearly shrieks, dropping the oysters as his hands rush to Jeongguk’s, wrapping so gently Jeongguk momentarily forgets the pain. “Oh, goodness, you’re a right fool, aren’t you?”“I didn’t know it would burn like that!” Jeongguk protests, suddenly regretting his thoughtless action. He just wanted to bring about Taehyung’s attention, not end up with an injury, again. Is this how it was going to be? Will this pattern ever change?“It does when it’s meant to work fast,” Taehyung tuts, looking over the welt with an expert healer’s eye, the way Jimin would sometimes look at Jeongguk’s burned shins and give him an incredulous look. Jeongguk was littered with scars and injuries, his body a story of its own. “Do you crave getting hurt, hmm?”And Jeongguk decides to be stupid once more.“Well, if it gets you to worry like this, why not,” he mutters, both excited and downright ashamed for being like this, and hates how his heart cries when Taehyung pauses, cheeks a furious red. He wonders if Taehyung’s skin would be blood hot underneath, were Jeongguk to touch. And he wants to touch, so badly. “You weren’t listening, so I did—something stupid, as usual.”Taehyung says nothing, lips pressed into a thin line though his skin betrays how pleased he is, maybe flushed with the praise and the fact that Jeongguk needs him. He caresses the welt and Jeongguk winces, not having anticipated how much burns hurt.“Fortunately for you, burns don’t require much aid, especially magical ones,” Taehyung says finally, scratching around the welt and then spreading his fingers over. Warm, warm, warm—that’s how it feels on Jeongguk’s even though Taehyung had once said he didn’t feel hot or cold. “It will be but a moment.”And it is, indeed, when Taehyung closes his eyes and mutters something under his breath, and Jeongguk watches as the welt disappears, smooth skin left behind. The pain vanishes as well as if nothing had ever happened.“No mark of stupidity this time, hmm?” Taehyung says, still holding Jeongguk’s hands between and a small smile on his face. “I bet you were a menace in your home.”“Oh, like you wouldn’t believe,” Jeongguk replies, content to remain this way. He hopes Taehyung doesn’t realise how they are sitting and never takes his hands away. He really is acting like one of those lovesick town-lads back at the taverns. “The Academy teachers were tired of me.”“I can imagine why,” Taehyung says, gaze serious and for a moment Jeongguk hurts, wonders if Taehyung is tired of him, and the knowledge doesn’t settle well with him. Maybe he shouldn’t be so desperate for Taehyung’s interest or his attention.But Jeongguk has always been a greedy little boy.“Do I tire you?”Taehyung raises an eyebrow and then laughs, a soft breath, a melodious song of its own. “No, Jeongguk. You wouldn’t be here if you did.”The doubt recedes back and Jeongguk settles, pleased.“Would the magic have hurt if I had touched it otherwise?” He asks because he wants to know. Wants to know if there’s one part of Taehyung he can’t access.Taehyung takes his hands away and Jeongguk cries inside. He looks curious, confused. “No, it was mainly the speed which impacted you. Magic doesn’t…hurt.”“But I am non-magical.”“Well, yes, but it’s just a source of—why don’t you try it yourself?” Taehyung says, and Jeongguk curls his hands onto his knee. He’s not sure, the fear of all the tales past haunting in his mind. But he trusts Taehyung, he has to. This is a part of him, and one that Jeongguk cannot hate. “This time with guidance, so you’re not as much of a fool.”“Hey, now,” Jeongguk pouts, and Taehyung giggles. They’re sitting on a flat rock facing the sea, its breeze caressing their skin. Taehyung had changed locations today, bored of the cottage and Jeongguk had accompanied. And he’s glad he did, for Taehyung is ethereal like this. “Okay. Show me then.”Taehyung nods, trust in his eyes and a quiet happiness, that Jeongguk had taken a leap as well. He holds his palms together in the air, almost like he wishes to create something—and create he does, as purple tendrils crackle from his fingertips, coming together to form a mauve orb in between, a small thing. Jeongguk gasps as he tries to edge away but is rooted at the spot, watching a physical manifestation of the magic he had only seen in brief flashes and zips.It is a marvellous thing, tiny in the width of Taehyung’s hand but so bright that Jeongguk’s eyes blinks with spots when he looks away. It is shaded purple, except for the centre that is a bright yellow-light.“This is the first incantation I learnt,” Taehyung murmurs, his eyes far away and reverent. Untold emotion swims in his eyes. “When I first conjured it, the centre was dark. It has become light over the years—but it is the easiest thing I picked up.”There is something there, in those words. Why was it dark, Jeongguk wants to ask but doesn’t, knows it’s not the right time. Taehyung is opening, but he is quick to shut as well.“Can I…I can…?” Jeongguk says, words caught in his throat. He thinks he understands the reverence in Taehyung’s eyes, even though it should be the most normal for the witch.Taehyung gestures at Jeongguk’s hands. “Keep them open. And remember, it will not hurt you. I won’t let it. It is a harmless thing.”Jeongguk nods as he wipes his palms on his pants, dries them before laying them bare. Taehyung brings the orb slowly before placing it gently in the middle of his palms—and then he leaves.Jeongguk’s entire body is locked tight as he holds the orb, the sensation a ticklish warmth that he wants to itch at. But he dare not move. It doesn’t hurt, just like Taehyung promised, and carries an almost air-like consistency to it except it doesn’t dissipate.“You can move, don’t worry,” Taehyung whispers, and Jeongguk looks up to find his eyes looking wet, as he if never expected to share this aspect with anyone, let alone a human such as Jeongguk. “Just—no sudden movements or it will vanish.”“This is…I don’t have words,” Jeongguk whispers, and his voice is on the verge of cracking. His chest is tight—with trust, with the importance of it bestowed upon him, how Taehyung trusts him with his magic. He would never tire of it. “It feels—so light.”“And so it bears a heavy cost,” Taehyung whispers, but his mind and eyes are far away. Jeongguk doesn’t ask why. “The magic won’t hurt you.”Jeongguk only hums, allowing little movements in his palms, watching the orb rolls slightly across his skin. He’s so enraptured by it, yet the fear tickles under his rib bone, pokes at him.“You’re still scared,” Taehyung murmurs, watching Jeongguk carefully. He wishes he weren’t so obvious, an open book laid bare but he can’t help this.“It’s just…I know I can trust this. I can see it and it doesn’t harm me, but…” Jeongguk’s throat itches. Everything is culminating into something he can’t name. “…but I have been taught, over and over again, how magic has harmed us and—how it is evil? Yet what I see and what I know is different. I don’t think I like how they clash.”Taehyung is silent, and Jeongguk hopes he hasn’t scared the other way, hasn’t reignited some suspicion that Jeongguk can’t be trusted. That he would judge Taehyung. But then the other only reaches out, pokes the ball and it changes shapes around Taehyung’s fingers.“It’s something like how I thought humans were all the same, but I see a different example in front of me, don’t I?” Taehyung asks, tone contemplative. “I think I understand. But are you scared of me, Jeongguk?”Taehyung’s eyes bore into him, imploring and begging. Don’t be afraid of me, they ask, and Jeongguk thinks about it—thinks about the first time he came, the way Taehyung unleashed his power, bowed Jeongguk into submission. He had been afraid then, but now…“No,” Jeongguk breathes out, because he isn’t. He hasn’t been for a long, long time, and he wonders—when had that change settled in, and escaped unnoticed?When had the fear disappeared and replaced with admiration?Taehyung wraps his hands around Jeongguk’s again, and his eyes are fond, yet full of gratefulness. “Then you have nothing to fear. I promise you.”They gaze at the orb for a long time and let the understanding dot the silence between them.  Later, when Taehyung resumes his shucking but at a much gentler speed, Jeongguk craves to hide the vulnerability of what they shared. He’s glad they did, but he had felt too bare, too open and he needed to fix it. The itch was as maddening as one of Taehyung’s touches.“So everything you do is done with magic,” Jeongguk starts, and Taehyung frowns.“Yes. Why wouldn’t I?” He asks, confused as if can’t comprehend a time where he wouldn’t use his magic.Jeongguk leans back on his elbows, skin digging into the sand below, appraising Taehyung in a long sweep as the other sits on the low boulder with his bowl of oyster shells nearby. The sun is rising slowly behind him and casts its glow. Ethereal, Jeongguk thinks, then looks away. He can’t get caught up in the feelings.“Never felt curious, did you?” Jeongguk asks once he brings himself under control.“Curious about?”“What it’s like without magic.”Taehyung snorts. It’s a sound so unlike him, Jeongguk sits up while he watches the other barely smirk. “I know what it’s like. I’ve been there before.”Jeongguk remembers the casual way Taehyung had uttered it once, like a rotten secret. It reminds me of a time when I didn’t have magic. But magic and Taehyung were fused into one; how could that have been a reality?“And what is it like?” Jeongguk asks, towing a dangerous line of answers and entitlement.Taehyung stops the shucking momentarily, twirling a shell in his hands. They glisten wet with saltwater, and leave traces behind. His eyes are lost far away, and Jeongguk wonders if Taehyung is revisiting his past once more. A past Jeongguk has no access to and shouldn’t even dream of asking for anyway.“Helpless,” Taehyung murmurs, as if saying it out loud is painful. And maybe it is, for someone so gifted with magic it is a part of them. “Like knowing there is something under your skin and being unable to unleash it. Not knowing how to.”Jeongguk watches as Taehyung picks at his nails, the skin around his thumb. He aches to bring Taehyung back out from wherever it is he is vanished off to, but he’s touched him enough as it is. His hand, however, has a mind of its own, rushing to cover Taehyung’s and stop the nervous picking, rubbing the red streaks left behind.“But now you do,” Jeongguk murmurs, reminding Taehyung, perhaps, that he is here and not back then, not that Jeongguk knows what had happened, though he wishes he did. “You’re…you’re incredible at it.”Taehyung looks down, but not before Jeongguk catches sight of the slight smile and the slow reddening of his cheeks. “And you would know this, how?”Jeongguk bites his lip because that’s a good question. It’s not like Jeongguk went about seeing magical displays. He has no one to compare Taehyung to.But maybe Taehyung didn’t need to be compared. He was marvellous in his own right.“I don’t know much, but I’ve seen enough to be impressed,” he tries instead, and it’s worth it for Taehyung smiles brighter. His eyes are still tinged with sorrow, but it’s a start—and Jeongguk is good at being a nuisance, after all. “Though I suppose you can’t do much without the aid of magic, can you?”It should be terrifying, how quickly Taehyung loses his smile and his face sets back to its aloofness as if it is second nature, yet Jeongguk feels—safe. The witch’s eyes lack the tell-tale glint of danger and anger as offence takes place.“How preposterous of you to suggest,” Taehyung huffs, picking up an oyster but making no move to shuck it open. “I can manage just fine.”“That, I have not seen any indication of,” Jeongguk says, grinning as Taehyung pouts. Perhaps he’s not even aware of how forlorn he looks, but Jeongguk’s loving it. “Every little thing…just magic here and there.” He shakes his head for added effect and Taehyung’s hands curl into his robes.“That’s just— there’s no reason—I don’t need to!” Taehyung exclaims and Jeongguk laughs, refusing to stop even as Taehyung picks up another oyster and chucks it at him, missing the target when Jeongguk dodges. “Really, I don’t see how any of this says anything about my talents otherwise—”“Because you can’t do anything without magic!” Jeongguk exclaims right back, giddy at how Taehyung fumes in indignation, but none of it is dangerous or charged. Just the two of them simply in the moment. “I’d ask for a pitcher of water and you’d just snap your fingers and get it. How unremarkable.”“You—I can’t believe—how—” Taehyung splutters, and it speaks of Jeongguk’s bravery (or maybe his established recklessness) that none of it strikes fear in his heart as much as the joy of bantering with Taehyung like this. “No one has ever said such a vile thing to me!”“Nobody has been brave enough,” Jeongguk shoots right back, and Taehyung pauses. Jeongguk tries not to think too much about what he said, or whether he was right or wrong. “Nothing is stopping you from proving it, though.”At this, Taehyung tilts his head in contemplation, and it takes every bit of restraint in Jeongguk not to stare at the exposed neck, skin glinting like freshly-spun gold. “And why would I want to prove anything at all to you, Jeongguk?”Simply hearing his name on Taehyung’s lips already feels like a toe crossing a dangerous line. Jeongguk nearly shudders. “Not every day a puny human like me questions the oh-so-mighty Siren, do they?” He questions right back, wetting his lips and leaning back. “And get away with it, too. How callous of me.”Taehyung stares in disbelief and Jeongguk meets him eye for eye, hoping his gaze is as innocent as he wants it to be, though if there were a third spectator, they would have called bullshit already. Jeongguk, however, is known to be playful on the best of days and today, for all that has already passed, has been a marvellous day. And damn if Taehyung is sad or contemplative on such an occasion.Finally, Taehyung snorts, playing with the oyster shell in his hand. “You’re not a good performer.”Jeongguk grins, dropping pretense. “Oh, I know. Yoongi used to tell me I’m shit with hiding my emotions.”“And yet you challenge me,” Taehyung says, though his tone is nothing but playful. And Jeongguk is equally combative.“What, you’re scared or something?”“Ah, there you go again with that nonsense,” Taehyung groans, collecting the oysters in the basket and getting up. “Fine, suggest whatever atrocious game you want to. I’ll humour you.”“I am so obliged, oh great Siren,” Jeongguk sings as he trails behind the witch, dodging another stray shell flung behind. “At least look at me when taking up the challenge.”“You’re speaking as if it’s the mark of a great battle,” Taehyung says, his tone bored. They stop in front of the cottage as Taehyung turns around, basket at his hips. “Go on, then. I’m all ears.”And he is indeed, peculiar in the way he assesses Jeongguk, his gaze both piercing and light, enough to make him want to kneel and stay down. Shivers wrack under his skin and Jeongguk clenches his hands into fists just to curb the various whispers of temptation down.“A day without magic,” Jeongguk whispers, attention caught between the way Taehyung is looking at him and keeping the hunger inside at bay. “We do something normal, but you don’t use magic at all. If you do, even a little bit, in any way—you lose.”Taehyung raises an eyebrow before a smirk makes its way on his face, making him even more striking. “Losing is certainly not a word in my language, Jeongguk. I accept your challenge.”Jeongguk finds himself relaxing, hands pushed into the pockets of his trousers. “Well, that was quite easy, wasn’t it? All you had to do was accept—”“Now go along and wash these bowls in the tub over there. I have to prepare lunch.”Jeongguk gawks. “But—the challenge points—when does it happen—”“It’ll happen when it needs to, but you need lunch right now, don’t you?” Taehyung puts his hands on his hips and the action is so like Seokjin, Jeongguk almost tears up. “I’m more than happy to cook only for one person.”“Alright, alright, I’m doing it….goodness, you suggest one challenge and they take it personally—”“I’m not going to wait!” || “You want to do the challenge now?” Taehyung asks incredulously, hands hovering over the pot and eyebrows raised. Steam curls the hair on his crown in a manner so tantalising Jeongguk has to force himself not to touch. “All of a sudden?”“Isn’t that the fun of it,” Jeongguk remarks instead, collecting the chopped parsley and dropping it into the pot, no longer needing Taehyung’s guidance for some of the simpler dishes. “It wouldn’t be as challenging if you were prepared for it.”“Really, what do you take me for,” Taehyung mutters, stirring the dish, herbs alive in the air. “I’m perfectly capable of getting by a day without magic.”“Of course, I’m not disputing that,” Jeongguk answers demurely, and dodges when Taehyung swats at him with the ladle. “Starting at noon. I’ll be keeping an eye.”Taehyung, however, rolls his eyes. “You don’t even know how to spot someone using magic. I could easily fool you.”“You could, but you wouldn’t since you said you’re so capable of not using magic, didn’t you?” Jeongguk blinks back, and cackles at the red-tinged frustration colouring Taehyung’s face. “Alright, alright, I won’t rub it further.”“You’re lucky I like you, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says, going back to the stirring. Jeongguk’s heart stutters at that. “Insolent brat. Ridiculous how it’s your most endearing quality.”“Aish, currying favour with me even before we start? Not very sportsman-like of you, Taehyung.”All he gets is a long-held sigh in response before Taehyung gets back to cooking.Around noon, when Jeongguk is out feeding the pigs, Taehyung comes out of the cottage and asks if he’d be okay with fish as they’ve run out of meat and the pigs aren’t tender enough. Jeongguk agrees, sees Taehyung close a fist on instinct and rushes to hold it, even though Taehyung using magic would have been a win for him already.He tries not to think about why he doesn’t want Taehyung to lose.“It’s barely hit noon, and you’re already breaking the rules?” Jeongguk teases, and Taehyung blinks before looking at his fist and sighing. Jeongguk lets go and steps back while Taehyung bites his lips, pensively gazing between the sea and Jeongguk. “What’s wrong?”“I forgot about the challenge when I suggested fish,” Taehyung admits after a while, a nervous tick on his lips. “I don’t…I don’t know how to fish. Without magic.”Jeongguk’s worldview tilts slightly out of focus, the admittance shaking him to the core. Maybe an overreaction, but for someone raised by the sea and under a fishing trade family, it changes everything. “You don’t know how to fish?”“I just said that, yes.”“But…but knowing how to fish is essential…” Jeongguk is lost for words, grain forgotten in his hand, the pigs braying in the background. “You live on an island. With the sea all around.”“I didn’t need to fish back when I arrived here,” Taehyung shoots back, but his cheeks bloom bright red in shame as if admitting his lack of knowledge in something was an insult to himself. “By the time I pursued a different diet, I knew summoning magic.”Jeongguk scoffs in disbelief, not in mockery but the likelihood of Taehyung not knowing this basic skill. Maybe where he came from there was no seafood, and so he didn’t have to learn.“So…what are we to have for lunch?”“I—maybe there is something stored, or perhaps vegetable stew without the meat for today—it’s for the day, you said. So we can manage for the day and by tomorrow we should be okay— why are you laughing?”Jeongguk can’t help but be endeared to how flustered Taehyung sounds. What a gift the sight is, for a witch who walked around so self-assured and confident.“Did you forget I come from a coastal town?” Jeongguk asks, leaning against the pen-hold as he appraises Taehyung.“How could I, you talk about it all the time—but what does that have to do with lunch—”“Ah, Taehyung,” Jeongguk chuckles helplessly. He wants to do something stupid, like maybe take Taehyung’s face in his hands and just hold him. Trace his face and learn all the emotions dancing across it. “Fishing is the first thing I learnt after walking.”“So what—oh,” Taehyung says, mouth dropping into a pretty pink circle, and the expression is too adorable for Jeongguk’s heart to rest well. “Right. Yes. You can fish…since you didn’t have magic.”“Exactly, you’re picking up,” Jeongguk teases once more, having too much fun at the witch’s expense as he leans into Taehyung’s space, tapping at his temple. “I’ll teach you how it’s done. The human way, if you please.”“I can see you being insufferable about it already,” Taehyung snarks, slapping away Jeongguk's hand and scowling. But none of it seems serious. It’s still in good faith and play, and Jeongguk’s enjoying every minute of it. “Fine. Teach me the great human ways of fishing, I shall be much obliged.”  This is how they find themselves near the edge of the sea a little further away, a hidden part beyond Jeongguk’s previous alcove, and quite far from the hunting grounds of the sirens.Jeongguk is barefoot, feet curling into the wet sand and leaving indents that get washed away with the waves. It reminds him of evenings spent on the Sunsong beaches for hours on end, just taking in the expanse of the ocean in front. At least this was something that would never change about the seas for him; no matter where he went, the magnificence of the ocean would never fail to astound him.It’s a different matter for Taehyung, however, who gazes at the water with mistrust and a subtle irritation that Jeongguk wouldn’t have noticed if he wasn’t so…infatuated with watching Taehyung. Drinking him in. He’s curled into himself, robes brushing the sand below now that the witch isn’t using any magic to keep himself clean. It’s grounding to watch, for, like this, Taehyung seems almost like Jeongguk. Grubby and yet beautifully…human.“Are we supposed to just wade in and get the fish?” Taehyung asks, looking like he’d be anywhere else but here. “I don’t think they’d listen.”“Really? Because I thought we’d just knock on their doors and ask them to come nicely,” Jeongguk shoots back pleasantly, snorting when Taehyung slaps him on his shoulder. Earlier, he would have sent a whirl of purple smacking him right in the face. “Fine, I’ll be nicer. This part of the waters is more of a shallow…pond? If you get what I mean.”“I clearly do not.”Jeongguk scratches his head. He’d spotted the formation couple of days ago and had spent hours observing it, clinking rocks into it just to watch the fish scatter. “It’s part of the seas, but cut off by these rock formations, see?”He points at the clusters of rocks that form a near barrier to the raging seas beyond, allowing water to flow in gently. He’s seen many such formations throughout his life. Taehyung looks and nods, catching on fast.“So there are fish in there?”“Life will find a way to thrive anywhere possible,” Jeongguk says as he rolls his trouser legs slowly. “That’s what the elders back home would say during commune gatherings. All those preachy folk tales about the meaning of life and all that.”“Ah. And one of them was fishes appearing in natural sea ponds?”“When you put it like that, it really doesn’t sound like you’re taking this seriously,” Jeongguk says, and Taehyung giggles into his hand. “This is an important part of the lesson.”“My apologies,” Taehyung concedes, though he doesn’t sound apologetic at all. “It’s just strange to see you in such a way, after the way you’ve been curious so far.”“A teacher is one who never stops learning,” Jeongguk intones, imitating one of his Academy teachers and Taehyung bursts out laughing—as always, it crushes Jeongguk’s heart in the best of ways, a rush of happiness flooding his blood. “That was one of my teachers. Pretentious asshole.”“Lesson well learnt, however,” Taehyung says, grin flickering around the edges of his mouth. “Proceed then, Teacher Jeongguk. There is much to learn and not enough time to waste.”“Right. So these formations will almost always happen unless there is an absence of rocks or land. And like most places, it will breed its own life form.”“And are these lifeforms safe to eat?”“Well, yes. So far we’ve had pretty…normal food. I’m assuming the fishes will be as well.” Ugly doubt does throb in his mind for a moment but Jeongguk shoves it aside. He doesn’t want to know even if he has had something terrible and transformed. Ignorance was bliss.He appraises Taehyung once more, who for once looks out of place in his own home. His face is set in a miserable pout almost, as if this is the last thing he wants to do and Jeongguk…admires the dedication to the challenge, at least.“You’re not thinking of going in with those robes on, are you?” He asks at last, noting the robes too heavy for any regular fishing. Taehyung would be battling his own outfit more than catching fish half the time. “They’ll weigh you down.”Taehyung flushes a bright red, picking at his robes with a forlorn expression. “This challenge is getting more and more ridiculous.”“We’re fishing for lunch, not the challenge,” Jeongguk corrects. “The challenge is you not using magic all day. That will continue after this as well.”“A nuisance and a half,” Taehyung mutters, before sighing. He tends to do that a lot more than react, Jeongguk’s noticed, almost as if there’s nothing terrible enough to ignite a reaction. “Can’t you do the fishing and let me watch? It’s so much more convenient.”Jeongguk’s already tutting, taking Taehyung’s hand and dragging him further along. “But that’s an easy way of getting away from the struggle. Come on now, don’t delay it more.” He waits near the edge and looks at Taehyung expectantly, and Taehyung flushes once more when he realises what the wait is for.“You’re serious about the robe?” He asks disgruntled, picking at the lattice bow at his collar.“If you want to flounder about and drive the fish away then be my guest,” Jeongguk replies, shrugging. Taehyung huffs at that, glaring all the while and Jeongguk, driven by a mad urge, spills. “Why, are you worried about what’s underneath?”Taehyung pauses at the bow before flushing an even deeper red than before, hands flustered. “Nothing of that sort.”“Come to think of it, I don’t think I’ve ever seen you without this robe,” Jeongguk continues, a gleeful creature cackling away inside his chest. “Unless there is only the robe…”“Don’t be ridiculous,” Taehyung spits, fingers fumbling at the strings, vengefulness driving his actions. His cheeks are stained red. “The robe is a covering.”“Yes, but covering what, really?” Jeongguk asks, leaning against the rock while he watches Taehyung slowly unravel the latticework holding the robe together. Heat curls under his skin, his neck and eyes and belly but he holds steady. Now wouldn’t be the time.There shouldn’t be a time at all.“I don’t like what you’re insinuating one bit,” Taehyung says, finally through the last of the laces. Sadly, there is a hint of cloth underneath—not that Jeongguk should show how disappointed he is. “I’m quite proper. Not like those wayward ones.”“Oh, I see,” Jeongguk says, then stops short when Taehyung pulls away the robes, revealing a pale blue cotton tunic beneath even lighter than Jeongguk’s usual fabric. It’s almost see-through, but hiding just enough to be—decent. Not tantalising, stop that, he thinks, pinching himself on his arm just to remain in the present. “Is it a Fae thing to have a stick up your arse, then?”“You little shit—” Jeongguk stumbles back as the robe is thrown right onto his face, and he stumbles again when the heavenly scent of lavender overpowers his nose. “Teach me what you wish to and be done with this infernal exercise.”Jeongguk drops the robe and has to pinch himself again just to avoid gasping. Taehyung stands before him without his robes for the first time since he’s been marooned on this island, and it’s a sight for sore eyes. A pale blue tunic that’s cinched at his waist with a white braided robe, until just above his ankles. It seems as if it’s made of the lightest cotton there is, floating on Taehyung’s skin.Jeongguk gulps, clenching his hands into a fist to control himself. From what, he’s not sure, but he needs to ground himself. “You look beau—that seems comfortable.”“It is,” Taehyung hums, stretching a little and kicking his legs out. “Some days it almost feels like I’m wearing nothing at all.”Jeongguk lets out a strangled sound and Taehyung raises an eyebrow in confusion. Jeongguk breathes deep once more. “Ideal for a climate like this.”“I suppose so, but I don’t think it matters given that I’m fairly neutral about the weather,” Taehyung clarifies, smiling softly. It shouldn’t look so good but it does, clashing wonderfully with his golden skin. “Now, if you’re done gawking, we can get to catching lunch.”Jeongguk is the one who blooms red this time, turning away and breathing in the salt, steadying himself and praying to his gods for the strength to persevere. To not do something terrible and ruin everything they’ve built so far.It’s something he’s done a million times, and despite the time away, his muscles remember all the same. It’s easy to enter the little ocean and wade about, to pry apart the clustered rocks and get the sequestered oysters out, to use the ropes of algae to fashion rudimentary hooking lines out of.What’s new is holding a hand out and helping Taehyung into the water.  It’s different like this, when he’s calf-deep and Taehyung is above him, nervous as a rabbit in a trap. How tightly he holds Jeongguk’s hand, and how when he nearly loses his footing and slips on the moss, Jeongguk holds him by the waist—assuring him of his safety.How different it is to be the one promising Taehyung he’d be safe with Jeongguk, and that all he had to do was trust.They gaze at each other far too long, long enough that Jeongguk’s focus is being taken over by how wonderful Taehyung’s waist feels under his hands, how though he’s claimed he doesn’t run hot or cold, his skin is warm under the tunic and it makes Jeongguk’s mind run, run, run—“Jeongguk?” Taehyung prompts, and Jeongguk shakes away, away from the grip he has on Taehyung and how he’s holding him too tight. “The fish are getting away.”“R-right,” Jeongguk stutters, letting go off Taehyung’s waist lightning fast, rubbing his palms down his trousers. Everything is too tight; his chest, his head and the back of his neck, his stomach tied down into knots. “Just be careful of the moss.”“Of course,” Taehyung murmurs, now walking much more carefully across the boulder. “Though if I don’t, my valiant hero will come to save me, no?”His throat, it’s his throat that’s all wound up now as Taehyung looks up through his lashes, a grin dancing around his mouth. It doesn’t mean anything, he tells his mind, giving a small smile and turning away, wading in further. You’re just letting your wants colour your reality. Control yourself.But if there is one thing Jeongguk has struggled with his whole life, it is his impulse; recklessness sings a bloody song inside his veins more often than not. As he makes crude hooks and baits the fish swimming by lazily, he’s aware of Taehyung by his side, waiting and watching with wide eyes. His tunic sticks to his legs and it is more skin than Jeongguk’s allowed himself to ever look at, even back in Sunsong where the people were a lot bolder and his paramours had no qualms about how they dressed. Yet here, he’s behaving like a teen hitting puberty.“How are you doing this,” Taehyung asks in awe, as Jeongguk catches yet another fish and chucks its flopping body onto the sand behind, with the others. He’s lost track of how many he’s caught so far, and pride bursts inside his chest at seeing how impressed Taehyung seems. “You’re not even trying.”“Told you I learnt to fish as soon as I began walking,” Jeongguk brags, discarding the algae and looking for another one. “My family is in the fish trade. It would be a shame if we didn’t know our own business.”“So you did the fishing for them, then?”“No, we had several people under us, but my father used to say—a successful trade is one where the trader knows his skill. Only they have the right to open a shop,” Jeongguk recites, smiling as the fond memory takes hold. He remembers accompanying his father and brother to the shore each day, four-name days old and running around more than learning. How his father would patiently hold him steady between his legs and teach Jeongguk how to throw a net, make a hook, and reel in the bait. It creates a different tightness in his chest, one that gets clogged up in his throat. “It’s the first thing I learnt. I’ve never forgotten it.”He feels a hand squeeze his shoulder, warmth bleeding through his shirt. “Well, it’s providing us with lunch,” Taehyung murmurs, his voice warm and soft. “I’m certainly not complaining.”“Oh you better not be,” Jeongguk snarks back, reeling in the wave of emotion leaking everywhere—he can’t let it out. He’s done a good job keeping it inside. “Here—why don’t you try it this time?”He hands over the algae to Taehyung, who holds it limply in one hand, nervousness bleeding into his eyes. “What—I don’t know how to do this, I’ve never done this before—”“Nothing like the present to start,” Jeongguk says easily, taking a step back and assessing. “You’ve been watching me all this while, you should have an idea.”“Watching and doing are two very different things,” Taehyung says, but tightens his hold on the algae. He looks at the water ahead with a determined glint in his eyes. “Well, I’m going to get a fish.”“Hmm, you will.”“It will be a better catch than yours.”“I’d be happy to lose,” Jeongguk says with a smile, grinning into his fist when Taehyung poses wrong and chucks the algae with his entire strength. He stumbles and the water sloshes up to his waist, but Jeongguk looks away resolutely. “Maybe if you postured yourself correctly, however.”“Oh, piss off,” Taehyung spits, fire in his eyes and irritation written into his skin. “I’m allowed room to make mistakes.”“And not to lose?”“You’re really asking for it today, aren’t you Jeongguk—”“Alright, alright, I’ll stop,” Jeongguk laughs, holding Taehyung’s hand before he cast some atrocious spell on Jeongguk that he’d have to beg forever to lift. “No magic, remember? You don’t want to curse me.”“You’re making it plenty tempting, though,” Taehyung huffs, but breathes deeply, purple aura receding just as fast as it had covered him. “What am I supposed to do, Jeongguk, could you hurry up—”“Fishing isn’t a skill to be learnt in a hurry,” Jeongguk says in a hush, coming up to Taehyung slowly. “I’ll teach you first, alright? You can replicate it next.”In a manner reminiscent of his earliest memory with his father, Jeongguk stands behind Taehyung. Muscle memory guides his arms around him, to press close but not too close as he winds his hands through the other’s, taking the algae from tightly clenched fingers and guiding Taehyung to wrap it the right way.“First—you wrap one end around your wrist so it won’t cut into your palm from the force of reeling the fish in,” Jeongguk whispers, so close to Taehyung’s ear, chin nearly settled into the witch’s shoulder had it not been for the last vestiges of human decency halting him. “Make sure it’s wound tight enough so it won’t break if the fish resist.”His heartbeat is loud in ears, pounding along his temples. Jeongguk wonders if Taehyung can feel its imprints through the contact they have, if the other guesses it’s due to the proximity and how the overwhelming lavender scent assaults his nose, beckoning him forth. How vile Jeongguk’s thoughts seem right now, his desires battling fiercely with his need to remain—good. Some semblance of it, at the very least.“And then?” Taehyung asks, tone nonchalant—except Jeongguk convinces himself that it’s strained, that he’s breathing harshly, as if in reaction to the way they’re situated. Maybe Jeongguk wishes for it so badly he would pretend that anyway.“Next, your position—you put the pressure on your non-dominant side. In this case, your right leg.” Jeongguk doesn’t touch, but his hand hovers over Taehyung’s leg while the other listens to Jeongguk’s instructions. His breath is caught somewhere in his lungs, refusing to form fully. “This way when you lean back to pull, you’ll put all the force on your back leg. So keeping it steady is important.”When it seems like Taehyung’s got the hang of it, Jeongguk backs away, breathing through his mouth though the taste of lavender lingers, permeating his tongue and tickling the back of his nose. He instead focuses on the way Taehyung imitates all that he taught, tongue peeking out and brows furrowed in concentration. Watches as he throws the hook in, and crows in pride when the bait is caught.  “I did it! Oh my, they really do struggle,” Taehyung exclaims as he pulls, reeling in the algae, round and round his wrist. The fish flies out of the water suddenly, and the witch shrieks—but not before Jeongguk takes over and keeps a hold on the rope, lest the fish try to escape. He scoops it out of the shallow side and holds tight, making sure the thing doesn’t slip away. “I can’t believe I did it.”“Well, believe it, because here it is,” Jeongguk says, smiling as he places the flopping, struggling body on Taehyung’s hands. “Better chuck it fast, however. It won’t hesitate to spout water and startle you.”Taehyung nods, but doesn’t do the deed immediately. He’s looking at the fish with such awe, such wonder as if he’s never seen a fish before, fingers gliding over the silver scales glinting in the sun. The odour is pungent, but Jeongguk’s more than used to it. He watches Taehyung be gentle with yet another creature and feels his heart swoop into his belly, the happiness threatening to overflow out into his veins because this is the Taehyung he likes best: gentle and tender, unaware of how warmth exudes out of him. It’s a lovely sight to see.Until Jeongguk’s surprised by a giant fish being thrown his way.He lets out a shriek of disbelief as he flounders in the water, struggling to keep hold of the fish determined to trash its way out to freedom. He distantly hears Taehyung laughing and chucks away the fish onto the sand. When he turns towards the culprit, he’s met with dancing eyes and a smirk on pink lips, and Jeongguk wants payback.“So that’s how we’re playing, are we,” he starts, taking a slow step towards Taehyung, who dances away. Scratch what he thought earlier—this is also a Taehyung he likes. The one he gets to see even less than the gentle one, a child being unleashed with fierce joy. “Now my clothes are all fishy.”“What a play on words,” Taehyung says, gliding out of Jeongguk’s sweeping arm. “The surprise on your face was worth it.”“No regrets, then?”“None whatsoever.”“Well, you asked for it,” Jeongguk says, before leaning down and trashing at the water, sending a wave of it over Taehyung who yelps back in surprise. “I have none either, surprisingly.”“What are you doing?!” Taehyung shrieks, stumbling back but feet getting caught in his wet tunic. Tunic Jeongguk refuses to appraise for fear of losing his sanity. “Jeongguk, stop it!”“Come now, you can give but not take?” Jeongguk teases, and Taehyung narrows his eyes, something competitive taking hold of his reins. “It’s just a little bit of fun.”Taehyung doesn’t respond; instead, he kicks up a flurry in the water itself, drenching Jeongguk much faster. Linen sticks to him and sand lodges in uncomfortable crevices, but this is home—this is exactly Jeongguk’s turf.It’s ridiculous—something Jeongguk hasn’t indulged in a long, long time, not even in Sunsong. He’d always been carefree, a person to be wary of due to his love for pranks—but as the last years of his schooling came close and he was trapped between buildings and books and expectations, Jeongguk had forgotten this part of him. He couldn’t recall the last time he’d simply been so joyful with his peers, and it hits him now as Taehyung giggles when he gets a shot in. Both drenched, saltwater drying in sticky sandy patches across their skin; but in this moment Jeongguk is free, and he is—happy.So is Taehyung, if the way his eyes crinkle and how his mouth widens up into a pretty, rectangle full of pearly whites is any indication. He’s guileless about his intent, yet gliding out of Jeongguk’s reaches with a dancer-like grace—until Jeongguk traps him against the rock and grins, and realisation dawns on Taehyung’s face that there’s no way out.“Caught you,” Jeongguk breathes out, chest running up and down, hair sticking to his forehead in the same way Taehyung’s drips water. Sunlight glints off the drops on his skin like gold-crusted jewels embedded into his neck. “You can’t escape now.”He leans in close, placing a hand next to Taehyung’s head. The giggles die down fast as Jeongguk notes how close they are, how all he would have to do was lean in some more and press, press, press, and finally know. He shouldn’t want it, it’s the last thing he should want but he is stretched thin between his mind and his heart, and the bridge is near collapsing, willing to fall into the chasm of the unknown.Taehyung rests his head against the boulder, gazing at Jeongguk through near-hooded eyes—but appraising as if to see what Jeongguk will do next.“What a pity, isn’t it,” he replies, sounding completely unbothered as if it’s an everyday occurrence to be trapped like this. “Whatever shall I do?”“Should have thought of that before flinging a fish at me,” Jeongguk bites, and Taehyung tilts his neck, smirking. Jeongguk would like to bite a lot more than words, and yet. “Scales get caught easy on linen.”“As if I have a dearth of fabric,” Taehyung deadpans, crossing his arms. It brings focus to how thin his tunic is, how Jeongguk can see the swathes of golden skin under, and the way they slowly strike off one more nail holding together the ropes of his sanity. “You just have to ask.”“Your hospitality is admirable,” Jeongguk whispers, the crash of the waves a lulling sound, the shrieks of birds alight in the air. He wants to say more, maybe tease and prick at Taehyung’s lines, see how much he can tow and how much he would have to recoil from. He shouldn’t want this, and yet, it’s all he wants.He keeps staring, watching each drop roll over his skin and how the light bounces off them. Taehyung is pleasantly, stickily warm, even if Jeongguk isn’t pressing the way he wishes to. The yearning roars inside his chest, a fierce need to mould himself into the other and understand him.So Jeongguk, like the fool he is and has become, lets his free hand come up and tuck away the strands curling on Taehyung’s forehead, swirling dark as ink. And like before, like that one time he started and couldn’t stop, trails it down the side of his face, fingers skimming over the skin as if he were too precious to be ruined by his polluted human hands. The whole while Taehyung stares right back, eyes wide and dark and blown, and lips parted like breathing isn’t enough.“Has anyone ever told you how beautiful you are?” Jeongguk whispers again, and he knows he’s not imagining the slight hitch in Taehyung’s breath while his fingers trail down the other’s neck. “I keep thinking it’s the magic, but even now, without it, you’re breath-taking.”He wonders when he decided to throw his hands to the Fates and let himself bleed. So much of Jeongguk is embroiled in a conflict that is embedded deep within; to be or not to be, to live or die or simply exist—every single moment of his life was a choice, and he chose recklessly anyway. No matter the hurts, the bruises and the scolding, he lived as if he never would again. And maybe that’s why, even though he’s learnt to be patient, to let Taehyung come to him rather than the other way round, he’s chosen to be free again: if he didn’t let these words out, if he didn’t let Taehyung know this now, he never would. Bravery only came in limited vials that ran out much too soon.“W-well, you’re not—you’re not the first human to look at me,” Taehyung murmurs, but the sentence is loaded. Does he mean the pirates, the merchants? Did he have other lovers, those who weren’t horrid but met with a twisted fate regardless? Sourness quotes Jeongguk’s tongue at the thought. “I’m no stranger to being appraised.”“I meant from within,” Jeongguk amends, because yes, Taehyung was gorgeous, but Jeongguk's heart stuttered at the thought of the witch’s soul. Perhaps spun like gold hidden within an iron casket. “It pours out of you, and it amazes me how gentle you are.”If possible, Taehyung’s eyes blow up even more and shake, not in terror but something untold. Jeongguk knows he’s taking a leap, flinging himself across the cliff to the unknown depth beneath. Trusting himself to break the surface and breathe anyway.Taehyung’s mouth opens and shuts as if fighting for a response—not that Jeongguk wants any. He would be content just to let the words be and have Taehyung take them as he sees fit, but he’s done keeping them inside. He’s afraid if he doesn’t say them all, his fear would clutch it right back with its greedy hands and keep them away. And he can’t have that.Instead, Taehyung gives up any attempts and rests his head once more. Silence lays a heavy burden across space as Taehyung keeps watching—until he doesn’t stay still. No, his arm skims Jeongguk’s waist and up his arm, like tiny spider legs that Jeongguk shivers at, warm trails on ocean cold skin. His breath is caught in his throat while Taehyung maps a way through, studying yet undoing him until he too brushes against his neck, his hair and his scar. He holds his breath as Taehyung trails a finger down curiously before pausing at the hollow of his throat, feeling the moonstone pendant that Jeongguk’s long forgotten about. Taehyung does frown at that but doesn’t ask any questions yet, and at last the journey is over when Taehyung rests his hand on Jeongguk’s chest.Jeongguk’s breathing too fast, knows he’s being too obvious and only a naïve fool wouldn’t understand what he’s feeling, but Taehyung only smiles.“So is yours,” he says, pressing into his skin over the linen, and Jeongguk stumbles as he reaches to cover the hand, to clutch it to himself. Refusing to let go, hoping this is the point where he can start melding into Taehyung like a deranged beast. “And you should be careful with it.”Jeongguk starts to smile when Taehyung smirks and realises too late when Taehyung’s hand warms a dim purple before he finds himself flying backwards into the air, hovering and then falling into the water—though the fall is gentle. Still, it sends a tender ache down his spine and joints.“What the fuck,” he splutters, spitting when salt coats his tongue and burns inside his nose, the sensation the worst thing he’s felt no matter how long he was raised by the sea. Taehyung is giggling, hands encased in glowing purples as he rubs them in glee. “Did you just—magic me into the water?”“A wonderful trick, isn’t it?” Taehyung asks, eyes glittering with mischief. He seems unfazed, and Jeongguk wonders if Taehyung even heard all that he said, or if he’s avoiding it by creating this elaborate prank. “There is always a way out with magic, dear Jeongguk.”“But—the challenge was not to use magic,” Jeongguk chokes out, still coughing the remains. “That was—you missed the point!”Taehyung shrugs. “Mm, no. I got bored and decided you’re right. I’d rather have magic than be without.”“You lost just to prove a point?” Jeongguk asks incredulously, betrayed at how casual Taehyung was being after the way Jeongguk bled. The nerve, really. “You really did?”“I did indeed,” Taehyung nods, then clasps his hands behind while smirking down at Jeongguk. “Although I will admit, learning how to fish the human way was delightful.”“You let me make a fool of myself,” Jeongguk accuses, but there aren’t the tell-tale signs of annoyance in his chest like there would be, especially when Jeongguk lost in the worse way, despite winning.“Yes, but you were adorable while being one,” Taehyung coos, kicking up water and splashing Jeongguk once more. “I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Your expertise in fishing is unparalleled.”“You could at least sound like you mean that,” Jeongguk deadpans, and shuts his eyes when Taehyung barks out a laugh, hoping to calm down his racing heart. How close he had been to crossing the line, to spill some more and change everything, how he would do it again if the chance rose—whatever it was that made Taehyung turn the tables, Jeongguk can’t help but thank the witch even as he mourns the sudden shift. “I got all wet for nothing.”“Well, as I said—there is no dearth of fabric,” Taehyung repeats, and Jeongguk is perhaps a little annoyed with the smug look on his face, but mostly endeared. “You just have to ask.”“Just go away,” Jeongguk says, pointing vaguely—somewhere. “I want to sulk, and be alone.”“Poor thing.” He feels mocking pats on his head and slaps the hand away while Taehyung cackles. “Take your time. But don’t forget to carry the fish on your way back!”And then he vanishes in a whirl of water and sand.Jeongguk lets out a groan and crashes back into the ground, letting the waves wash over him. || Jeongguk is still sulking a couple of hours later as he guts some of the fish, filling it with salt so as to preserve them for later. He’s not particularly angry—but he gets like this when he loses. Even though he won, since Taehyung used magic—he doesn’t feel like he did.It’s even more infuriating that Taehyung finds this oh-so amusing.“You’re going to get permanent lines on your youthful little face the way you’re scowling right now,” Taehyung sings, as he prepares the dish for the night, the whole reason why they did the whole spectacle at all. “You won.”“Yes, but at what cost?” Jeongguk whines, moodily poking the fish around. He knows he’s being like a child, and that’s the last possible thing he would like to be in front of Taehyung. “My pride, Taehyung, my pride!”“Human pride is worthless anyway,” Taehyung responds and grins when Jeongguk huffs. “Alright, fine. I concede, I broke the rules and was a poor sportsman. I didn’t do justice to your challenge and that wasn’t nice of me.”“Somehow, it still doesn’t soothe the wound of betrayal you left behind,” Jeongguk says, pointing at his chest. He tries not to think about how couple of hours ago Taehyung’s hand was pressed into it. “Right here. My heart will never recover.”“Must you always be so dramatic,” Taehyung deadpans but rolls his eyes fondly. When Jeongguk doesn’t respond, Taehyung sighs. “How about this? As compensation for being so terrible, I’ll allow you to ask me anything at all. I won’t find my way around it.”Jeongguk pauses and appraises Taehyung, who waits patiently. “Anything? You promise?”“Within reason,” Taehyung amends, then giggles as Jeongguk scowls. “Even with my magic, there are bound to be things out of my control. But anything that I can help with, I will do my best.”Jeongguk ponders over it and nods. It’s always good to have such favours in one’s pocket. “Could I ask for it when I know what to ask for?”“Of course.”“Good, then I’ll keep it locked away and spring it on you when you least expect it,” Jeongguk teases, and Taehyung smiles. “How long for the fish?”“Not too long, they’re just about done. I tried the method you told me about, and it worked surprisingly.”“I was raised in a coastal town—”“Yes, yes, and you know everything there is to know about fishing, I heard it the first hundred times,” Taehyung cuts in, but none of it sounds mocking or mean. Banter, warming Jeongguk all over.“Well, then you might have also known that with fish there are often beverages,” Jeongguk intones, dusting his hands off the collected salt and walking over to the washbasin to get the gritty scales out. “Familiar?”“Don’t be so infuriating, it’s not a good look on you,” Taehyung shoots, before biting his lips. “What do you mean by beverages?”“It was a popular pairing in the town pubs,” Jeongguk says, cleaning his nails. “Fish and wine. Mostly during festivals, because the wine wasn’t cheap.” He finds himself going backward again, the hazy images of being allowed to splurge, to go beyond rice wine and common mead when the festival season rolled around. “Wine is this drink—”“I know what it is,” Taehyung cuts in again, but his face is thoughtful. “I’m moored away, not uneducated. Come to think of it, I might have something similar in the cellar.”“Would you be alright retrieving it?” Jeongguk asks, remembering the time he’d accosted Taehyung to the storage room and seen all that he had hoarded away. How Taehyung had appeared so small even when he looked confident. Afraid.Taehyung looks confused, before understanding dawns in his eyes. Immediately, a soft smile takes place, filling in with familiar lines of fondness. “Yes. Thank you for asking.”Jeongguk nods, cheeks heating by themselves as he gets used to the look in Taehyung’s eyes. Everything about him felt like so much. “Of course. Do you need any help?”“No, I’ll be fine,” Taehyung waves him off, before purple streaks fly out of his fingers. “Given that I have magic and all.”“Who would have thought you were so petty,” Jeongguk grumbles, though he finds himself fighting a smile. “I’ll look over the fish till then.”Taehyung smiles before leaving, entering the part of the cottage that is off-limits to Jeongguk, one that he didn’t want to visit after the first time. He hums to himself as he flips the frying fish, adding the crushed herbs and spices, cutting wedges of lime to keep by the side. The smell is heavenly and Jeongguk is once again in awe of Taehyung’s cooking, and how he’s fended for himself all this time.He tries not to think the other thoughts, traitorous and pricking beneath his mind under the thin veneer he’s put over them; tries not to think about how close he was to Taehyung and how he would have given in—and never regretted it.Had Taehyung allowed him to go so far just to win the game? Was that something the witch was willing to do? Did he have an idea of what Jeongguk was thinking to let it happen so willingly?“Found it!”Jeongguk startles, then hisses when the knife slices into his finger. He immediately sucks on it, and isn’t even surprised to find Taehyung tutting as he comes into view. But at least it distracted him for the dangerous territory he was veering off into.“Found what?” Jeongguk questions, then notes the decanter in Taehyung’s hand full to the brim with maroon red liquid. “Oh, right. The wine.”“Five minutes and you managed to hurt yourself,” Taehyung says, taking Jeongguk’s hand without preamble and glancing it momentarily before he wraps a fist around and purple flashes from within. When Jeongguk takes his finger back, there is unmarked skin. “Whatever will you do without me, hmm?”“Not survive,” Jeongguk says, half-joking and half-serious. “You are the only reason I exist.”Taehyung’s cheeks bloom pink, but he swats at Jeongguk anyway. “Don’t be absurd.”“It’s true,” Jeongguk sings, enjoying this familiar territory, of teasing and joking, dancing along the edges of the dangerous truth he suppresses. “Without you, what will I eat? Or get this lovely wine?”“So it’s the food that’s appealing, then,” Taehyung grins right back, flipping the fish out of the pan and placing it artfully on a plate. “I should have known. Nasty little humans like you only look out for yourselves.”“Well, don’t look so devastated,” Jeongguk says, sideling close to him but nothing more. “You’re not any less appealing either, you know.”Taehyung tucks his head in, ears bright red and the gold of his skin replaced with pink; Jeongguk could stare at him forever. “Nothing I say will make you stop…complimenting me, is there?”“Not at all. You’re ethereal and ravishing, perhaps the island is lit up because of the light within and not the sun, oh great Taehyung—”“Shut up and go carry this fish out. I want the table set by the time I’m done cleaning up,” Taehyung cuts in hastily, but nothing could deny the furious red he’s become overall. Even his hands. Jeongguk opens his mouth and Taehyung slaps a hand on it. “Not. Another. Word. Out you go.”Jeongguk nods, tries not to do something horrible like lick Taehyung’s hand, though he does wonder if Taehyung tastes like salt or lavender. He shakes his head clear and carries the plate, bowing with a flourish that makes Taehyung snort.What a demented thought to have.He goes about setting the stone table outside, clearing it off sand grains and placing the bowls and cutlery for the same. He finds himself blushing when he lights a candle, recalling how it was something his parents did on their nights off, when Jeongguk and his brother were carted off to a relative’s house. But this is different; Taehyung wouldn’t have an idea about this particular human custom, would he? Did the Fae go about this practice as well, and more importantly—did Taehyung know of that?He hopes not, though a part of him sighs at how perfect it all seems.He’s serving the fish onto each plate when Taehyung comes by, decanter swinging from his hand and a happy whistle on his lips. He looks collected, with familiar golden skin and hair dark against the oncoming night. Jeongguk has half a mind to start teasing him again just to get his favourite flush on the witch but decides not to press his luck.Today has been a day of far too many close incidents which Jeongguk would not like to revisit.Taehyung smiles brightly as he sees the arrangement of dishes, setting the decanter down and pulling out the glasses. Jeongguk’s heart races as the situation feels more and more like those lovesick couples Jimin and he would make fun of sometimes, laughing at the ones who got tied down too early. Laughing at the likes of Yoongi and Seokjin, who would sometimes allow themselves to be just as lovesick, though they were muted most of the time. His palms sweat at the realisation that he’s most possibly one of them, the only issue that Taehyung doesn’t know what this all means.Maybe Jeongguk is thinking too much.“Take a seat,” Taehyung says, jarring Jeongguk out of the spiraling thoughts. Jeongguk nods even as he wipes his hands on his trousers, sitting on the stone bench. Taehyung pours the wine carefully, deep maroon glinting in the candlelight. “How much do you want?”A normal question, but Jeongguk’s treacherous mind derails into the forbidden. So much. I want so much and I’m disgusted by it.“Half should do it for now,” Jeongguk says, as if he was a wine expert. He thanks Taehyung when he’s offered the glass and sips immediately, moaning as the flavour bursts on his tongue like a fresh cluster of grapes. Tart yet sweet, a luxury Jeongguk’s never really allowed himself. “Oh, this is good.”Taehyung giggles, taking a sip himself and humming. They come away wine-stained and luscious, and Jeongguk shivers. Drives his nails into the meat of his thigh. “It better be. The person who provided boasted far too much about it.”Jeongguk pauses, wine still caught in his mouth. He swallows with difficulty, coughing. “Is…is this from one of the looters?” Taehyung nods, doesn’t seem too bothered. “Did he…harm you?”“It was a woman, actually,” Taehyung grins, swirling the wine in his glass. It looks like blood in the candle-light, but Jeongguk isn’t going to be morbid. “Quite terrifying, for a human. One of those wily ones. Had a bit of a struggle taking her down.”Sourness bubbles in Jeongguk’s stomach—not at the casual admittance of Taehyung killing away, like it used to once, but the reminder that the witch hasn’t been left alone. Jeongguk had been one of those, wild and chasing a myth. Miraculously surviving it too, by Taehyung’s mercy.He wishes, a dark foreboding thought, to have Taehyung retransform all the pigs and kill them with his own two hands so that constant reminder ebbed away and left Taehyung alone.“Well, at least she wasn’t lying about the wine,” Jeongguk gets out grimly, jaw set tight. “We never had this in Sunsong. Whatever we did have used to get traded from the capital.”“Not much of a drinker, then?”“Oh, no. I could drink the town under and still walk,” Jeongguk boasts, chewing on the fish and washing it down with one more swig. It was already getting to his head, a slow honey-sweet trance. “Although, this one time Jimin drank me under and made me crawl back home. I couldn’t even see right.”“And he didn’t offer any aid?” Jeongguk shakes his head, and Taehyung laughs. “Harsh. But you probably boasted and made it a challenge, and he won.”Jeongguk gasps softly, hand over his heart. “Would you look at that, you know me so well.”“You behave as a child, it’s not a difficult feat,” Taehyung teases right back, before taking a swig of his own. His skin is flushed, but not from the comments Jeongguk leaves behind. The wine seems to be affecting him as well. “Do you miss him?”Jeongguk had been staring at Taehyung’s lips, but pulls back when he notices the soft frown on his face. “Who?”“Jimin. Your home, your family.”He hadn’t expected this dip into the waters so fast, but maybe the wine and fish hit right and they could be a little more honest in the muted candlelight. “Everyday.”Guilt floods into Taehyung’s eyes as he bites his lips, before looking away at the ocean. “I’m sorry.”“It’s not your fault,” Jeongguk says, hating that his pain is Taehyung’s. He had blamed him for so long, yet the resentment is nowhere to be found. “It’s not painful anymore, you know? It’s like missing an old friend, but knowing you won’t be friends again.”The words don’t seem to appease Taehyung one bit, who shudders out a breath—as if he has more reasons to be guilty. But what could there possibly be? Taehyung is bound by punishment, and so is Jeongguk, out of his own fault. He drains his glass and finds his hand trembling as he holds the decanter to pour some more. He wants to drown all his thoughts and feelings and cease to feel, to get lost in the lull of the waves. The steady breathing of Taehyung nearby.A tear glints on Taehyung’s skin but he hastily wipes it away. “I wouldn’t know about missing friends or missing—people,” Taehyung says, sadness coating the words thick. Jeongguk winces at the thought of Taehyung being so, so alone. “But if you say you’re alright with this, then I suppose I must be thankful.”“You have nothing to blame yourself for,” Jeongguk tries again, and Taehyung presses his lips into a tight smile. “You were banished. And you haven’t—you didn’t keep the others alive so no one ever knew that I would be trapped too. But I’m okay, truly. It may not be Sunsong and I may not have the people I love near me, but I can always find new people to love and build a home with, can I not?”Taehyung looks up at that, eyes wide and Jeongguk pauses, cursing at what he let out. Build a home with him? What the fuck? His brain chides, and Jeongguk agrees. This wasn’t some romantic novel his mother was obsessed with reading. This was his fucking life, and Taehyung was an enigma in it.He hastens to rectify his mistake. “I—forget I said that, gods, that was quite forward of me.”Taehyung gulps down his wine. “No, it was quite sweet—” He’s cut off by a sudden burst of cries that startle Jeongguk, who spills some of the wine down his shirt. It stains red and sticky, but he can’t complain when he’s positive his ears are going to bleed from the onset of noise.The noise stops as soon as it began, cutting off with a deathly silence that unnerves Jeongguk, hands clasped over his ears. “What the fuck was that?”Taehyung only looks tired, but the smile in his eyes are fond. The melancholy haunting him has vanished. “Sirens. They’re retraining their vocal chords.”Jeongguk’s heart is still racing, a little peeved by how the sirens occupy everything on this island. “They do this every night?”“No, it’s only when they sense...prey, I suppose? But I don’t meddle with their habits.”Jeongguk nods, not wanting to know more about the hunting habits of those terrifying creatures, or how they train themselves for it. His one experience had ruined him, unlocked a vicious yearning deep inside that he’d never been able to suppress again. He’s definitely not forgiving them anytime soon.“Dangerous creatures, the lot of them,” Jeongguk lets out, slipping deeper and deeper into the familiar cottony space he hasn’t felt for a long time. Things around him move too fast and he can feel a weight on his tongue that he can’t get rid of, no matter how much he tries. “Once they get into your head—they’re hard to get out.”Taehyung looks curious. “Is that right?”“What, they haven’t been in yours?”“Well, I made them, so…” Taehyung shrugs, leaning on his palm as he appraises Jeongguk. “What did they show you?”Jeongguk coughs at that, the burn of wine up in his nose as he takes a breath. Out of all questions, this was the least he had expected. “I don’t—what?”“The sirens? What did they show you that you can’t get out?”Jeongguk’s breathing turns shallow just as his entire body warms up. How does he even answer that? How does he answer an innocent question with they made me want you and I haven’t been able to stop thinking about it. Even now, you’re driving me insane.“I don’t…just—just images of—of home, and uh, my family—things I wanted or desired I think…” Jeongguk putters off, because equating desire with home didn’t make sense. The sirens had plucked out the deepest desire and painted it across his mind’s canvas. But his heart is racing, his tongue is sour and wine swims in his blood. His words, they’re loose. “They showed me you.”Taehyung blinks in surprise, leaning even more onto the table. “Me?”Jeongguk wants to die. Why did he speak at all? “Yes. Just—images of—you and I, on a ship somewhere. Exploring.”He thankfully doesn’t talk about the part where Taehyung had wrapped his arms around him from behind and pressed into him, how safe he’d felt in lavender and sage—how he never wanted to let go. Some things even his alcohol-ridden mind took pity on.“Exploring?”“Mm, the world. New towns…new lands.”Taehyung looks skittish and interested both, and Jeongguk takes one more swig just to feel in control. Though the way he’s being right now, he really shouldn’t drink more. And yet.
  Taehyung, in the candlelight. Ethereal, beautiful. 
“And it was just us? No one else?”Taehyung sounds both scared and hopeful, the worst mix swimming in his eyes. “Just us. Why, does that scare you?” Jeongguk asks, hoping it comes across as teasing.“No,” Taehyung replies softly, staring at Jeongguk all wide-eyed. “It makes me hopeful. That this is what you want most when you could have had any wish in the world.”Jeongguk drinks Taehyung in, thinks of him akin to the wine in his glass, but gold instead of bloody red, vibrant and sweet instead of sour. Capable of shifting his axis with a few words and looks, and the other doesn’t even know.“Well, there are other things I want more,” Jeongguk says, resolutely and stupidly, but isn’t that what alcohol was for? To bleed when there was no fear of the wound?Taehyung raises an eyebrow. “Such as?”“Not sure I can say,” Jeongguk murmurs, because this is a dangerous line. He won’t return from it once he crosses over. “But I hate that I didn’t meet him in my hometown and had to come across him on a remote island in the middle of nowhere.”Silence. The beats are in time with each crash of the wave, the dull cries of a few misfit sirens. Jeongguk stares at Taehyung, who gazes right back like he’s seeing Jeongguk for the first time. And maybe he is, but fuck if Jeongguk cares.Taehyung slowly comes back to the world, and his breaths are shallow. He trails a finger over the table to show his nonchalance, but Jeongguk’s seen him enough to know he’s far from it. “And if he had been in your town, what would you have done?”Jeongguk blinks. He hadn’t expected Taehyung to hook onto the bait, though they’re far from playing any game. Still, it races his heart, pounds much too loud in his ears. But he finds himself leaning, the world stumbling around him but his gaze focused on Taehyung’s, his skin luminescent in the candle. The only thing separating them is the table, and perhaps Jeongguk is glad for it.He reels in the bait further.“I would have seen him in the town pub, a stranger and foreigner who stands out,” Jeongguk whispers, playing into the fantasy he had first thought of when the sirens had gotten through his layers. “He would have been the sort of beauty that simply could not exist in a town like mine. All eyes would be on him, but he would be away in a world of his own.”Taehyung leans into the table, both hands on the surface but gaze unwavering. “He wouldn’t have noticed you?”“Not without some persuasion, maybe,” Jeongguk says, and daringly, finds his own hands walking towards Taehyung’s, just within reach of the skin he craves to touch. “I wouldn’t be able to look away from him, you know. All night, I would just stare and stare, will him to look my way just once.”“Hmm. And then?”“My friends would get tired of me, and they’d tell me to either go talk to him or to stop staring like a madman. But that’s not an option, is it?” Jeongguk asks, tapping one finger against Taehyung’s wrist, tracing the vein outlined underneath. “So I’d drink more mead, and walk towards him.”“How noble.”“I’ll have you know, my palms would be sweating the whole while.”“So you’d be nervous?” Taehyung asks, a mischievous glint in his eyes.“Trembling like a leaf,” Jeongguk confirms, hand now covering Taehyung’s, fingers tracing up and down. “I’d ask him if he would like a drink with me, and he’d roll his eyes because he knows people want him.” Up the forearm, the edges of his robe. “People have always wanted him, but no one asked if he wanted them back.”Taehyung’s breath hitches and Jeongguk wonders if it’s too much, if he’s making the wrong guess. But Taehyung’s eyes are blown wide and Jeongguk can’t help but wonder if the other feels something too. “And does he want you back?”Jeongguk feels all tight in his throat, belly warming up in the most pleasant way. “Not at first, but then I stay with him, and we talk all night over mead. I learn of why he says no, why he turns away others and I want him to be safe, more than anything else.”Taehyung blinks, his hands tight on Jeongguk’s as they meld with each other; he’s all warm, skin both rough and soft, scratching the right way. Jeongguk wants more. Jeongguk will wait.“And is he safe with you, Jeongguk?” Taehyung asks softly, and gods, what won’t Jeongguk do just to reach in and pull Taehyung out, into him and fuse himself to the other. To taste the wine elsewhere, to discover one more aspect of the witch and free him.“Yes,” Jeongguk answers, both so close now he would only have to press to taste, Taehyung’s lavender all up in his nose and brain. Thinking isn’t his top priority right now. “You’ll be the safest with me. I promise.”Taehyung’s eyes shutter and so does Jeongguk’s, brain clamouring, need pouring down his spine and his stomach a mess of butterflies trashing about. So close, he can count the moles embedded on Taehyung’s face; five, six and seven. More. Each individual eyelash, even though the rest of the world is so far away. Close, close, closer and Jeongguk just has to swipe his tongue out to catch all the drops—He barely feels a brush of soft skin before he’s pushed away, Taehyung stumbling away and clutching his hands to his chest. Wild fear leaks out of him and he trembles, eyes blown wide—but not due to Jeongguk.“Sorry, I—I’m not sure if this is what I want,” Taehyung says, but his voice is thin and reedy and shakes too much to be true. Jeongguk stares with his mouth open as the lies spill out of the witch’s mouth. “I think I should—take some time off, do the dishes, there is still so much to do—”“Are you running away?” Jeongguk spits out, still shocked and—angry. Frustrated, because he knows, beyond doubt, that Taehyung wants him in some way, if not the way Jeongguk had painted. “Are you going to lie to my face like that?”“It’s not a lie!” Taehyung insists, but he’s wound so tight and curled so small, Jeongguk would think he wanted to vanish forever. “I don’t…it’s not correct, it’s not—no, no, it can’t be like this, this isn’t real—”“Well, take a look, because I am very real,” Jeongguk says, arms crossed. Alcohol was not a good idea, because it allows the frustration, the indignation to leak right out in ugly, black swathes. “Why are you pulling away and denying the truth? I know there is something you want.”“There is nothing,” Taehyung insists harshly, face curling into something ugly—but Jeongguk isn’t even scared anymore. He knows where it comes from—a hurt so deep Taehyung is drowning in it. “You’re not something to want.”If Jeongguk had been younger, he would have been hurt. But he’s always been good at sniffing out blatant lies. “You’re good at hiding yourself, but don’t bother right now.”“Stop putting words in my mouth—”“You tried this back when we were fishing, and now here—and you refuse to tell me why or else I would have stopped. You know I will stop. But you’re running away instead.”Taehyung’s resolve seems to break, anger melting away just as fast it had appeared. “I’m—I’m not running—this isn’t right, Jeongguk.”“Why the fuck not? Tell me.”“I don’t—there’s nothing to tell—”“What a load of bullshit—”“It’s just! It reminds me of—of someone, and I’m not sure if I should do this,” Taehyung yells, nails biting into his arms as he shields himself. “Or if I can.”Jeongguk pauses. Tries to think of anything Taehyung has told him. He only remembers one thing.“Is it one of the looters?” Jeongguk asks, and Taehyung flinches, something dark and haunting in his eyes. But he stays shut. “Pirates? Merchants? The fucking Goddess of Magic herself maybe?”“No!” Taehyung spits out, but he’s all sad and spiraling—and Jeongguk can’t hold him together. Doesn’t know if he can, or if he even wants to. “You just…you, and your words…they remind me of him…”Him.So there was another person, one Jeongguk should have been aware of all this while instead of fantasising like a fucking fool. “Who?”But Taehyung is looking away at the ocean, trembling and shut off—but for once, Jeongguk doesn’t want to hasten and ask him if he’s alright. His heart hurts like a bruise.Taehyung chooses to remain silent, and Jeongguk is—tired. Pissed off, hurt and frustrated. He’s not entitled to Taehyung, but he sure is entitled to his peace of mind. He doesn’t want to be a brat about this but he’s human, and he can’t be understanding all the time. And more importantly—he doesn’t want to force Taehyung into something because if he’s mistaken about anything—the guilt would be too much.He gets up from the table seat, stumbling and drained, eyes pounding like they want to burst any moment. But he stands, and waits a moment before sighing, taking a few steps backward.“You know, Taehyung,” Jeongguk calls out, not caring if the other really listens to him or not. “You won’t feel like you deserve anything if you keep shutting yourself out like this.”It’s the last thing he says before he stalks off, head pounding with the weight of every goddamn thing that has happened today. What a long fucking day.He crashes onto the sleeping mattress outside, uncaring of the state of dress or how he hasn’t changed for bed; he groans as he lays on the mat, mind flickering between wakefulness and the deep escape of sleep. Everything sloshes in his head, like a bucket of water filled to the brim and spilling out. Jeongguk closes his eyes, losing the fight—but nothing is peaceful. All of him races a bit too fast—his heart, his brain, his fucking breath, and all he wants is to pass away into dreamless sleep so he doesn’t torture himself some more with how close yet far Taehyung is.He doesn’t remember when he passes out, but he does toss and turn, body aching and the wine sloshing inside, replacing the blood in his body. His mouth is dry, cotton stretched thin and his throat scratches; the headache only worsens and Jeongguk—feels like he’s back to where he started—his first days on the island, broken, starving, and thirsty. Except there is food in his belly and a bed beneath, and there is nothing broken about him.Except maybe his heart. But that’s a bit much, isn’t it?He wakes when it’s too hot to sleep, linen sticking to his back and sweat gliding down his neck. Sticky, sandy and salty—the marker of living by the sea. Jeongguk blinks his eyes open, surprised to find the emptiness of the night around him. The crickets chirp away, incessant yet rhythmic, and Jeongguk just stares through blurry eyes.They catch onto the figure sitting close by.Just like that, his sleep vanishes as he sits up, his head and neck protesting. Taehyung is in front of him, sitting with his knees up and leaning against the porch railings, looking at Jeongguk with utter, complete blankness in his eyes. Besides him sits a glass of water, which Taehyung wordlessly offers. Jeongguk gulps it down greedily, never breaking contact with Taehyung.“You’re not like him,” Taehyung says finally, and Jeongguk halts, wiping the back of his mouth and keeping the glass down. Taehyung snaps his fingers and the glass is full again. Jeongguk drinks that as well.“What are you doing here….?” Jeongguk dares to ask, and he hates how his voice sounds—the after-effects of alcohol. He can taste it still.“You could never be like him,” Taehyung continues as if in a trance, tracing Jeongguk’s face carefully, mapping him out his mind. “How could you be? He didn’t…he didn’t care like you do.”“Taehyung,” Jeongguk urges, worried by the moment the longer Taehyung talks like Jeongguk isn’t right in front of him. “Taehyung, what’s wrong? What are you talking about? Are you alright?”Taehyung only smiles in response, as if Jeongguk did something right. Proved him right, maybe, though Jeongguk is trying not to remember how he had yelled at Taehyung, acted like a child. Demanded answers instead of respecting Taehyung’s space.“You asked me who did this,” Taehyung says, looking down and scratching his wrist absent-mindedly. “You asked me who made me afraid.”Dread fills his veins and Jeongguk sits up straight. Close, but afraid to touch, to cross more lines. “Taehyung, I wasn’t in my right mind then—forgive me. You don’t have to tell me anything.”“No, you were right,” Taehyung says, still that same, haunting smile cast upon him. In the moonlight, it looks too sad. “If I keep myself hidden, why will I ever be free?”Jeongguk waits, silent yet confused, wanting to placate Taehyung but not knowing for what. Taehyung hums to himself. Nonchalance, boredom. But Jeongguk can see his hands trembling, his mouth parting and teeth biting. Struggle, conflict—all written out.“The truth is, Jeongguk, I’ve met humans before,” Taehyung says, gazing blankly into the wall ahead. “Even before the looters and the pirates and the merchants. I’ve met them.”Jeongguk nods, sitting carefully in front of Taehyung’s line of vision, hoping to bring it back to him and not wherever he’s trapped. Taehyung’s eyes land on him and stay there. Searching, afraid.“He was like none of them, however.”Trusting.  “His name was Hoseok—and I was in love with him.” ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Eighteen|

   
For a moment, there is nothing but the sound of crashing waves, the hoots of an owl, and the constant chirping of the crickets. Yet, the silence left in the wake of what Taehyung had said persists, loud and thumping in Jeongguk’s mind.Every inch of him seems frozen, as he sits up and leans against the wall facing Taehyung. Taehyung, whose head is bowed down and fingers clutching onto his robes. Jeongguk aches to reach across and—and touch him, maybe, to caress the pain written so clearly on his face.He does neither.“It’s been so long since I said his name out loud,” Taehyung says, the quiet broken. “So long since I really thought of it, either—but his name somehow sounds the same even now.”Admittedly, familiar flames of envy lick up Jeongguk’s belly and up to his throat. Hoseok. So that was the name of the person who…hurt Taehyung. Maybe made him like this? A sudden craving to travel to the past and hurt the human right back nearly takes him over, but that’s just him being an emotional fool.“But I suppose it doesn’t change what happened,” Taehyung continues after a short while, lifting his head and looking up at the porch ceiling. His face is devoid of most emotion. “And I need to talk about it because it’s the least I can offer you after what all you have put up with.”“Taehyung, no,” Jeongguk hastens to say, though he doesn’t move. “Please, you—you don’t have to. I made a demand, and I have no right to it—”“Please stop being so good,” Taehyung cuts in, voice blank. “You’re being too good to someone who doesn’t deserve it.”“Everyone deserves to be treated well.”“Maybe so, but mostly because they try to be good. And I wasn’t. I wasn’t good to Hoseok, and that’s why I’m here,” Taehyung spits out, hands clenching into his robe again. Jeongguk relaxes and looks him over carefully, but it turns out all that observing wasn’t especially helpful because Taehyung is still a master at remaining hidden.“Are you sure?” He asks instead. Taehyung seems determined as if he wants to wretch the story from his being and fling out of him. “Is this what you want?”Taehyung laughs. “I don’t know what I want, Jeongguk,” he says, chuckling dryly. “But I know that if I keep it hidden any longer, I’d drown in it. There’s no point in hiding and protecting when nothing is to come of it, is there?”Jeongguk bites his lips, conflict brewing in his belly. He does want to know, but not at the cost of Taehyung’s distress. Then again, he’s sure he can’t stop Taehyung if the witch has made up his mind.“If you say so,” he concedes at last, and receives a small smile from Taehyung—it doesn’t quite reach his eyes, however. “Tell me whatever it is that you wish to tell me.”Taehyung nods, palms smoothening the wrinkled robes, bringing his knees to his chin and resting upon it. He seems lost, deeply contemplative and above all—sorrowful, that familiar emotion that always haunted Taehyung no matter what Jeongguk did or how much they bantered.“I…I think for things to make sense, I would perhaps have to start at the beginning.” Taehyung murmurs after a while. “You have asked me so much over your stay here, but none of it connects unless you know…why. Or how. The tale of Taehyung of the Winterbourne. And how he got trapped.” ⎈⎈⎈ When Taehyung was born, the kingdom of Qinyang had rejoiced.They wouldn’t have otherwise, but Taehyung belonged to royalty within the Winterbournes. The first race, the highest family within the class.They rejoiced. The fifth son, a miracle and a promise by the Mother Goddess, an answer to their frantic prayers. After three daughters, the family wanted another boy should anything happen to the eldest son.That is until Taehyung was actually born and brought out to be viewed by the kingdom and blessed by the Elders. The joy quickly turned to suspicion and shame, and then Taehyung was hidden away.Winterbournes were named so due to their lineage and affinity for the element and season: born during the winter, with mastery over the elements of water. Pale skin, paler than most Fae, and hair the shades of light blue or even white. For the royalty, eyes marked with silver—their claim to a higher power and pure blood.Taehyung didn’t understand why but as he grew up, he tried to connect the dots. When he turned six, he realised he looked nothing like the Winterbournes. Skin as golden as the sun’s rays, and hair a bright, vibrant blue that hurt to look at. Worst were his eyes— unmarked. Dark brown, common—not even the rings of the other races.Taehyung simply didn’t belong, and so he was a shame.He would wake up sometimes to his mother screaming in pain while his father accused her of laying with another Fae. The way she would beg that she had remained faithful, that she didn’t know what was wrong with Taehyung. He would stay wide awake, fear crawling up his chest and into his mouth with each resounding curse and sometimes a slap. The shards of ice in the air, the rage frozen into the walls.Taehyung had been hidden away, but by the time he turned eight—all Taehyung wanted to do was disappear forever.  By their tenth season, most Fae began displaying their house’s elemental magic and learn to reign it in.As if Taehyung couldn’t be different enough, his tenth season came and went by, and he remained—dormant.He was used to the kingdom’s whispers about him, the hurried looks, and the hungry curiosity in their eyes. That is the last prince. He’s a broken Fae. They followed him everywhere he went—to his tutors, to the marketplace, to his home. Engraved into the air, slicing him every moment that he allowed himself to just be. It had been a long, long time since his birth and the shame he had brought upon his family, and Taehyung had accepted his fate.A dormant Fae. How useless.His grandmother thought otherwise, but then—she was the only one who did. Where the others sneered at him for the lack of magic in his veins, the way he resembled those common humans in the settlement nearby—his grandmother would show up with more love and care, to remind him that he was a special boy. What that meant, Taehyung could never tell.There was no magic in his veins. Words would never suffice.“Don’t say that, Taehyung,” his grandmother said, while she wrote her journal for the day. Thick ink on parchment paper, the swirls delightful to look at. “Magic is our birth-right, and the Mother Goddess would never abandon any of her children.”“Then why can’t I wield?” Taehyung asked, holding his palm out in front of him. Golden, unmarked, and free of the moving veins. “If I am so special, why am I so empty?”His grandmother left the quill and rushed to him, crouching to his eye-level. She took his face in her warm, rough hands and brushed away his tears.“You’re not meant to wield elemental magic, my little dove,” she whispered, eyes roving over Taehyung’s face, tracing the tear tracts. “You are meant for far more. One day, your time will come.” ⎈⎈⎈ Taehyung traces a symbol on the sand collected on the porch, voice trailing off. Jeongguk watches, afraid of interfering, of breaking the train of thought. Where Taehyung draws there is a purple trail of light, quickly vanishing into the air.“I often wondered what she meant by that,” Taehyung says etching something like a rune on the floor. It flares purple and remains intact. “I lacked the basic Fae magic and had something more. Was that supposed to be great? Sometimes I think yes, mostly I believe no.”“Maybe she wanted you to know that your magic isn’t the only thing that defines you,” Jeongguk ventures. He stares at the rune, the strangeness of it. “You’re more than your Fae nature.”Taehyung chuckles. “Perhaps. But in my kingdom, my family? I was nothing but a burden.” ⎈⎈⎈ With every season that went by without Taehyung’s magic showing up, his presence and name in society became lesser and lesser.He was happier when he was younger, with the occasional remark about his skin, his hair. His family wanted very little to do with him, but his mother still bore his presence. Fed him and clothed him, and Taehyung clung to the love.Then he turned ten, and eleven and then twelve until he was sixteen winters old, and every winter they would hold their breath, wait for his magic to flare up. And every time that Taehyung disappointed them was one more step they took to create distance from him. To let him know without words that they wished to do nothing with himHis father refused to speak to him first. No matter what, no matter how good Taehyung was in his other studies, he never heard a word from his father. Almost as if he never existed. Taehyung thought he’d be happy even if his father raised a hand on him; at least that way his existence would be acknowledged. Neither happened, and it was only his mother’s bleeding heart—or so he liked to think—which allowed him to live under the same roof.Then his siblings detached, one after the other. First, it was Jugyeong, cold as their father and absolute indifference towards Taehyung. Then it was Jisoo, Taeyeon, and finally Soojin after she was teased mercilessly in tutoring for having a broken brother. When his sixteenth winter rolled around and Taehyung waited alone in his room, it was only his mother who stood outside.When he came out unchanged and unmarked, his mother pressed her lips and walked away. She never spoke to him again either.The whispers grew. The people were suspicious every time he came out of the house, stared openly and balefully at his bright blue hair clashing with his golden skin, and whispering about how ugly he was. An abomination. His family must be so ashamed.
  It is a curse from the Mother Goddess. We have not prayed enough. 
She gave us our magic. Be warned, she can easily take it away.Taehyung took to wearing a hooded robe to hide. He sat at the back of his classes while the tutor ignored him, and kept shut when they deigned to pay attention to him—only to make him stand in the center and warn the other children to behave. It was all he became—a warning. A sign of punishment.Taehyung stopped appearing in front of the other Fae soon enough.His grandmother was one of the Elders, but her position and power meant little in the face of people’s hatred for him. She tried, but Taehyung’s own reclusion was difficult to battle with. But she cared for him, and whenever Taehyung wanted to withdraw but have a deep craving for people—he went to her.That was how he learned about nature magic.“I don’t have magic, grandmother,” Taehyung said, dubiously looking at the thick leather volume in his hands. His grandmother stood nearby, eyebrows raised. “It doesn’t matter.”“Don’t be so weak,” his grandmother chided, hands gliding over the volume and opening it gently. “You are only sixteen winters. You have a long time to live.”“Is it worth living, however, if I’m cursed?”His grandmother stiffened, veins crackling. Taehyung gulped when she faced him. “Who told you that?”“I—no one, but grandmother, it is true, is it not? I am cursed, and this is the Mother Goddess showing me—”“You do not believe one word of what the scoundrels tell you, Taehyung,” his grandmother insisted, holding his face between her two fingers. There was a fire in her eyes and her mouth was set into a straight line. “I communed with the Goddess herself. I know what I saw. You are not a curse. Say it.”Taehyung gulped. He wanted to believe the conviction in her eyes, but the words would not settle. Every moment until then told him of what a burden he was, and yet…“I am not a curse,” he stuttered, arms crossed tightly and nails cutting into his palms. “I am not.”His grandmother lost the fire, the faint rings of purple in her eyes—supposedly the mark of an extremely powerful Fae, though she was a Winterbourne much like Taehyung.“Good. Now peruse through this volume, and come tell me of it tomorrow. Go.”Nature magic had its ties to the elements—but it went far beyond what Taehyung and his brethren were taught in their classes. There were four primary elements—earth, water, air, and fire, and each of these elements was tied to the four seasons—spring, winter, autumn, and summer. The Fae of Qinyang were thus divided into four races, and each race had its own sect of royalty called Crests, beneath which were the common Fae with lesser reservoirs of elemental magic—but magic was central to them.To think that Taehyung didn’t even fit amongst them spoke volumes of what a runt he was.But Taehyung was persistent, even in his shame and guilt. He had nothing better to do; without his magic, all the classes were of no use. He had no friends, and his family refused to meet eyes with him. He was sure it was only due to his grandmother that he got a home at all, or any morsels; he would have been left to fend for himself a long time ago if that were not the case.Nature magic went beyond what he had been taught. It comprised of all nature, of all beings—beings Taehyung had never even heard of, spells scribbled into the edges he couldn’t read. It drew Taehyung in, and the more he was shunned, the more he gave himself over to the book.There was an emptiness inside him, a void that he could not fill no matter what. But the book was the first of many to trickle into it and make sense of his strange, bizarre world. ⎈⎈⎈ There are tear tracts on Taehyung’s face now.It seems like the other isn’t aware of it, for he seems lost in the memories, the thoughts. Memories that hurt Jeongguk to hear, for how could—he had known, or rather, learned that Taehyung had been painfully alone, but to think that he was shunned by everything and everyone for no fault of his…“How did you pull through?” Jeongguk asks, voice cracking as pain threatens to leak out. And then the centuries of solitude on an island, imprisoned and away…was that also something Taehyung’s people made up? To get him away from them? But Taehyung had seemed so sure he deserved to be here.“When being alone is all you know, you make it your friend, I suppose,” Taehyung answers, staring a hole into the ground. His voice trembles only slightly. “I craved the presence of others, but then I found out about the magic. I feel like I was never the same after that.”“Did it…trigger something in you?” Jeongguk asks, curious yet overwhelmed by what he’s learned so far.“Of sorts,” Taehyung says, blinking slowly. “I was never understood, but that spell-book—for that’s what it was—was the first time I ever felt known. Solitude was my friend if I needed to learn, and learn I did.” ⎈⎈⎈ Knowledge became his crutch where magic had left him for good.By his seventeenth winter, Taehyung had accepted his fate. His grandmother insisted he was no curse, the Qinyang folks said something else. Taehyung believed himself broken, and if not magic, then knowledge was where he would bury himself for eternity.Qinyang was a cold land, but the spring and summer months, though short, were made for rejoicing. The snow melted, the branches were littered with green. Springbournes and Summerbournes thrived in their natural seasons; the whole kingdom did. Yet, as usual, Taehyung was not invited to such events anymore. He was only a Winterbourne in name.He found that he didn’t quite mind it anymore.One book became two became three, and soon Taehyung had his own collection—borrowed and stolen from here and there. Behind his family home was a small pathway that led to the forest behind, and Taehyung would travel the path nearly every other day until he’d worn it down. And some distance away was a little alcove hidden away from the naked eye where he would settle down and—read. On and on with no care in the world. His presence didn’t matter anyway; he could remain blissfully lost in his own head without trying to protect himself from curses and glares.He liked these books, especially the ones on sorcery and witchcraft, something that felt more sinister than all the ways he had read about magic. He liked them for the words felt like home, and he would feel an itch under his skin every once in a while. It was incessant, but it would also help fill the hole in his being, the one where magic was supposed to be but had abandoned him.The books could substitute for that warmth.Every moment that he devoured the books he’d feel the itch grow. It was unlike any injury he had ever felt, but whenever he checked, his skin remained golden and his hair bright blue. The mirror still showed simple, brown eyes and the frustration would join the ever-growing itch.But he kept reading, and sometimes he would speak the spells aloud, that which he could pronounce. It was harmless, and the tongue they spoke in was fascinating to hear, so why not?Until he spoke it in the darkness of his room—a hole, really, sequestered away inside his home—and the candle he’d been using for light flared bright, catching on to his blankets. Taehyung frantically patted down the flames, the stink of charred cloth left behind—and stared in wonder as the candle resumed its previous light.That shouldn’t have happened. He looked at his hand, but it was plain as it was. No crackling veins, no mark of elemental magic.He hid the book deep inside his cupboard and breathed in the charred remains.  He told his grandmother, and she remained mute.By now, Taehyung had learned to read people well. Magic was how his people understood each other, but given the abject lack in his life, he had to rely on more common ways of getting by. And he knew as he stared at her face, that she was hiding something. It leaked from the press of her lips, the frown marring her forehead. Eyes glowing faint purple but vanished the longer he looked.“You are sure the candle flared?” She asked finally, while he shook in his tunic. She didn’t seem kind or caring at the moment, and he feared triggering something should he ask.“Yes, grandmother.”“Interesting,” she murmured, surveying Taehyung up and down. “What were you doing when this happened?”“Just reading one of the spells.”“Reading?” She raised her eyebrows, and Taehyung gulped. He shouldn’t attempt to hide from her.“I—I spoke it aloud,” Taehyung stammered, staring a hole into the ground. His hands were sweating and all he wished to do was leave her presence, escape to his safe spot in the forest. “I am sorry, grandmother. I didn’t mean to do anything, I just wanted to see if I could read what was written—”“You did nothing wrong, my little dove,” his grandmother crooned, warm hand against his cheek. He was taller than her now, yet he felt so small. “I suppose it is awakening indeed.”Taehyung frowned. “What is awakening?”“Ever the curious one, aren’t you?” She tittered, smiling fondly at him. “No ordinary Fae can read those spells, Taehyung. Let alone speak them aloud.”His eyes widened. “Then how did I—?”“You have much to learn, my dove,” his grandmother murmured, caressing his cheek, petting his hair. “Come, follow me. I told you your time would come.” ⎈⎈⎈ “So your magic came back?” Jeongguk asks, toes curling into the mattress below, arms around his knees while he stares at Taehyung, the way he is sitting cross-legged now. Calm and assured.“More like it had never left,” Taehyung answers, voice low and soft. “That’s what dormant means—not that I lack, but that it remains hidden, suppressed. If it is not activated, it will remain so for all time. Clearly, that did not happen.”“But your grandmother…she said that you did not have elemental magic. And you’re a Winterbourne, so why did the flame react of all items?”Taehyung smiles softly, fondness leaking into his eyes. “You’re catching on, well done,” he says, then shrugs. Looks towards the side, rests back. “I may have been a Winterbourne by family and blood, but my magic was not. It was different, and it was only because I read all those spells every day it got activated.”Jeongguk bites his lip at that. This world of magic and curses, it was both too much to bear and never enough, for he wanted to know more. “Do you think your grandmother knew?”“I think she had always suspected,” Taehyung murmurs, tracing symbols again. “Why else would she keep reminding me of my stature? So I assume she knew.”“Maybe she loved you.”“Oh, she did. But there’s only so much a person can love before reality catches up, don’t you think?” Taehyung asks, facing Jeongguk once more. The sadness haunts him again. “She had the same magic like me. It skips a generation, and it came to me.”“That’s why the purple eyes?”“You do pay attention, how delightful,” Taehyung says, but his voice lacks his usual teasing. It is simply tired. “Yes. I understood much later, only once I was banished here.”Jeongguk worries at his lips once more. “I’ve never seen you with purple eyes before.”“It won’t show to the common eye unless I conduct a strong ritual or spell,” Taehyung answers. Even now, they seem dark in the night. “I don’t know why my grandmother’s was always visible—I assumed it was because she was one of the Elders, the most powerful. So maybe her services to the King ensured they were always present.”It’s a lot to take in, but Jeongguk has no other option. “So your magic was reignited. What happened then?”Taehyung presses his lips before sighing. Shame curls into his eyes and his nails grip onto his robe. “Well. This is where Hoseok comes in. And it was quite the accident.” ⎈⎈⎈ His grandmother in the know, Taehyung devoured all the other volumes she gave voraciously. Her only condition was that he come into her residence and practice with her, and with every moment, the itch under his skin grew and grew.One day, he woke up screaming as if his body were on fire, sweat-soaked into the sheets below. No one came to check, but then again, Taehyung had long stopped expecting anything at all from his family.He checked his skin. Golden as ever, and the familiar disappointment was setting in when he saw darkened veins up his wrists. Not moving, but absolutely still marks travelling in snake vines up his skin.He rushed to his grandmother as soon as he washed.“Good. It means I was right about you,” his grandmother murmured once she had inspected his skin and her face held a satisfied smile. “You are ready for more.”“Why won’t you tell me what all this means,” Taehyung whined, bringing his sleeve down in a huff. His skin felt burning hot but other than that, he was much the same. “I don’t know what I’m doing here, grandmother.”“All in due time, Taehyung-ah,” his grandmother said, turning towards the boiling vat of a strange bubbling liquid. “Take the book on the second shelf towards your left. I want you to read it well, and come to in two days with what you understood.”Taehyung does as he’s told. “Am I not to visit tomorrow?”“No. There is a special ceremony to be done for the King. I am not to be interrupted.”“I understand,” Taehyung said, and bowed down before closing the doors. Then he set off towards the woods, book in hand.  The spells were more difficult in the new volume and spoke to him differently. Carved into him rather than ignited anything at all, and both soothed the itching as well as made it stronger.He read a spell on igniting flame without hurting oneself and found himself holding his palm up. He spoke the incantation under his breath when his palm began burning red hot, and it was all Taehyung could do not to scream and attract wayward attention. He kept at it until suddenly—There was an ember in his palm.Small, minuscule really—but a flame all the same. His skin was unharmed, the heat receding just as fast as it had appeared. Taehyung couldn’t believe his eyes, couldn’t believe that he had somehow conjured fire when he lacked magic—A crash nearby broke through his concentration and he put his hand away, hiding it hastily behind his back. The rustle amongst bushes and leaves continued, and Taehyung breathed slowly, air crawling into his lungs.“Who—who is there?” Taehyung asked, keeping the totem aside and walking towards the source of the noise. He never explored the woods further than this, too fearful of what lay beyond. Of being taken by another kingdom, and never being found for no one cared enough to rescue him. “Show yourself!”He approached the thicket carefully, picking up a rock on the way and holding it tightly. He hadn’t received training like some of the royal Fae did, in case they run out of their magic reservoirs. He was defenceless, and if there were a threat Taehyung could die—He made his decision and jumped feet first into the thicket, screaming bloody murder until he clashed with a pair of limbs and soft yelps until he caught onto warm flesh and came face to face with—a young boy.At first glance, he was terrible to look at. Face grimy and wiry, hair hanging limp. There was a cut across his lip and sweat shined on his forehead, his cotton tunic torn and soaked.Taehyung raised the rock and the boy yelped, backing away and falling upon the ground,“Don’t!” He yelled, cowering beneath his raised arms. “I mean no harm, oh lord!”Lord. Taehyung had never been called one. “Who—who are you?”The boy’s lip quivered, and he slowly lowered his hands. “I am no one. Nothing. But I mean no harm, my lord.”“You are clearly something,” Taehyung insisted, crossing his arms. “A name, now. Or this rock is the last thing you will ever see.”“Please, spare me, I didn’t mean to stumble so far,” the boy cried, and cried again when Taehyung kicked the dust at his feet, trembling. “It was an accident, a mistake. I ignored my mother; I was too curious.”“Who—or rather, what—are you?” Taehyung asked, hackles raised for he couldn’t have anyone knowing what he got up to in secrecy. The boy would have to go. “Quick, before I take you to the patrol.”“Please, I beg of you, I really didn’t mean to trespass,” the boy cried, curling into himself even as big tears burst out of him.Trespass? Which meant the boy was…“You are a human,” Taehyung said for him, words catching onto his tongue. “You come from the human settlements.”The boy didn’t answer, shivering as the cold of Qinyang caught up to him. He looked alone and so, so small, and Taehyung was—well, he didn’t know what he was, but he knew what his people would do to this boy. Arrest him, keep him in lockdown. Refuse to let him go back to his family, or worse, make an example out of him without harming him. He knew his species were made for trickery, for debauchery even as they maintained their reputations.They would kill this boy and then claim nothing happened. The human settlements or kingdoms nearby could do nothing against a magical force. They would keep quiet.Taehyung didn’t want the Fae to get their hands on him.“Tell me your name,” he crooned, crouching down and trying to look the boy in the eyes. The humans really looked common, nothing breath-taking about them. The boy shook his head in denial and Taehyung sighed. “I promise, no harm shall come to you. I just want to know who it is that managed to cross our borders.”The boy looked up, eyes wide. “You promise? No harm?”Taehyung didn’t know who he was. All his life, he had tried only to hide, to keep himself small and make sure no one would pay attention to him. He never thought about who he really was, and he didn’t know what promises meant. All he knew, in the end, was that they were to be kept.Taehyung could keep them well.“I promise,” he said, holding a hand out, hoping he looked inviting and warm. Trusting, but then, what was trust? “No harm shall come to you.” ⎈⎈⎈ Taehyung stretches his legs out, rolling his ankles slightly. Jeongguk tries to wrap his head around everything so far.“So you could somehow perform magic? And your grandmother knew, and then you were interrupted by Hoseok? That’s how you met him?”Taehyung laughs at Jeongguk’s incredulity and rubs his thighs. The night is cold, and Jeongguk shivers in his thin linen shirt and trousers. He never expected to be awake this late.“An accident in the truest sense of the word,” Taehyung replies, his tone soft with fondness. “I had heard of humans but never seen one before. Hoseok was quite unremarkable, just like my people had said.”“Oh?” Jeongguk raises an eyebrow, tilting his head. He somehow doesn’t like that perception. “Unremarkable now, are we?”“You are not,” Taehyung says, smiling, the radiance reaching his eyes for the first time. “And Hoseok, too, came into his own after a while. But you must understand—the Fae care about beauty, and discard anything that doesn’t fit. I didn’t fit either, so I was shunned away.”“Bright blue hair and golden skin sounds wonderful,” Jeongguk mutters, and Taehyung chuckles. “No, really. It sounds exquisite.”“It doesn’t fit,” Taehyung insists, playing with his sleeves. “As a Winterbourne, I stood out. I also didn’t fit any of the other seasons, so no one actually knew what to do with me.”“It’s still no excuse to mistreat you.”Taehyung shrugs, unbothered. “The Fae didn’t think so. And I believed them for a while. But Hoseok…Hoseok never did. And maybe that’s why I flourished.” Taehyung pulls at a thread. “For a while at least, anyway.”Jeongguk straightens up. “What happened?” ⎈⎈⎈ It was to remain only a chance encounter, an accident to be kept secret. Taehyung agreed to tend to Hoseok’s wounds with what little he knew—nothing with magic, but Hoseok didn’t expect that—and offered him a fresh set of clothes. Then he was supposed to take Hoseok back, lead him through the woods and make sure he reached his settlement safe and sound. Away from his people, away from the patrol.But Hoseok stayed.Or rather, he came back. Two days after Taehyung had practiced some more and reported to his grandmother, and come back with yet another book, he heard the rustling again. Fear caught in his throat, Taehyung summoned a small ember—something he had slowly gained mastery over, even if it had taken him two days.His blood sung with the power trickling in, the flames residual energy licking its way inside. But he broke away from the feeling to investigate the source of the sound, ready to chuck it into the bushes and set it on flames.Out popped Hoseok’s head, this time clean and free of grime, a bright smile on his face.“You,” Taehyung breathed, flame forgotten as he stared. He could see Hoseok’s face clearly now, see the—not beauty, really, but something enigmatic anyway. Skin burned golden, darker than Taehyung’s even, and eyes crinkled into a sunny smile. “You—why are you back?”“I got curious,” Hoseok said simply, crawling out of the bushes and dusting off the dust, the leaves in his hair. Hair dark as ebony, lips pink as a peach. “And home is utterly boring.”“And you think I am not?”“Well, for starters, your hand is wrapped in flames,” Hoseok said, eyeing Taehyung carefully. Taehyung’s head snapped towards his palm still alight, the flames growing and climbing over his wrist and up to his elbow. He shook it off and squeezed it into a fist until it disappeared. “So it’s true then?”“What is true?” Taehyung asked, checking his robe for any burnt remains. He did not have enough clothes, he couldn’t afford marks on his person.“You lot do magic?” Hoseok asked, still far away but no longer cowering or afraid. As if in one meeting, he had stopped being afraid.Maybe he realised that Taehyung was without magic and so, wasn’t a threat.“My people do, yes,” Taehyung said after a while. Unsure, wavering. “I don’t.”“So fire in your hands without your flesh burning is normal?”“How are you talking so much?” Taehyung snapped, irritation yet some fond indignation crawling into his chest. “You were whimpering last time.”“I was lost and injured, my lord,” Hoseok conceded, bowing slightly. Though his clothes were fresh this time, they were still drab compared to the attire of the Faes. “But you promised me no harm and led me to safety. I know I can trust you.”Taehyung’s chest warmed up, and his heart beat a careful rhythm.They faced each other, unsure of where to begin. Taehyung never had people approach him willingly, or want to stare at him the way Hoseok was. It felt too unnatural, too new.“And pray tell, Hoseok,” Taehyung said after a moment, crossing his arms. The cold winds swirled around them, but Hoseok stood his ground this time. “How am I supposed to entertain you?”Hoseok smiled. “How about you simply let me watch?”  Hoseok went back after a while when the sun set and dusk came around. Taehyung concentrated on his palm and felt the familiar heat burn before an ember appeared, and he used it to guide Hoseok back.Before he turned around—he felt Hoseok’s hand wrap around his arm and an earnest look on Hoseok’s face. “What?”“May I come back tomorrow?” Hoseok asked, gaze searching through Taehyung’s. Beyond, he could hear the sounds of a camp, the chatter of the humans. Hoseok’s family.“Why?” He asked, even as he stared past Hoseok and tried to make sense of the settlement ahead. A thrum of activity, a cluster of people. Little bonfires everywhere. Small, easily perishable with the Faes next door, and yet…“I liked watching you today,” Hoseok admitted, eyes bowed down and biting his lips. “It was utterly fascinating. I promise not to say anything or tell anyone.”Taehyung thought about it. He hadn’t minded the company, really. It was strange, but in no way abrasive like the presence of the other Fae had been all his life.“You may,” he said reluctantly, freeing his hands from Hoseok’s. “But if my secret comes out—if you tell anyone that you see me practicing, I will end you. I have the means to do so.”“You think too much of a weak human like me, my lord,” Hoseok said, a sad smile upon his face. “You know your people will come for me the second they learn of this.”“Yes.”“So I would be a fool to say anything at all, to my people or yours,” Hoseok said. He sighed when he looked back at his settlement, the reality of a non-magical existence apparently heavy on his shoulders. “I know I can trust you. I hope you can trust me too.”Taehyung didn’t know what trust meant. Whether it was something that came naturally to him or not, but at the moment, he felt the yearning regardless. “In due time. Farewell.”Taehyung turned away and reignited the flame when he heard Hoseok hissing again.“At least give me a name, my lord,” Hoseok asked, looking desperate not to go back. Taehyung was afraid to say that he somehow understood the need.“You can stop calling me lord,” Taehyung said after contemplating. What did it matter if an outsider knew his name? No one cared for Taehyung anyway. “My name is Taehyung. I trust you will keep it safe.” ⎈⎈⎈ Taehyung stops and finally looks at Jeongguk. His gaze is ever assessing, searching for something in Jeongguk that he wouldn’t find anywhere else.“I should have known not to give my trust so freely,” Taehyung says, all the while keeping his eyes on Jeongguk. As if he’s telling Jeongguk how precious the trust in him is. “But I didn’t know what it meant, so I can’t blame myself. I had never had the opportunity to make friends, to stop being one.”Jeongguk frowns. “But Hoseok seems nice so far.”“He was,” Taehyung chuckles, the sound fond enough to ignite the jealousy in Jeongguk’s belly. “He was also the first person to ever willingly wanting to be in my presence. He didn’t shy away from me, and naturally, for my child self it meant the world.”“But then he changed.”“Well, so and so,” Taehyung shrugs, wrapping his arms around his knees once more. “I found a friend, but I got him into my world. I never entered his, so I never realised.”“How is that your fault, though?” Jeongguk asks hotly, hating that Taehyung is blaming himself for things out of his control. “You didn’t know any better.”“And that’s where you’re mistaken, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says, mirth mixing with the sadness in his eyes. “I did know better. I chose not to do anything about it. The moment I found Hoseok, all I wanted to do was keep him.” ⎈⎈⎈ Hoseok came back every day without fail. He’d somehow find his way to the little spot Taehyung had marked as his own but would ask Taehyung to drop him come sundown.Taehyung complained about it, but he looked forward to these secret rendezvous. He tried not to think why but inevitably the thoughts would come late at night when he was huddled away in the attic; Hoseok treated him…well. Didn’t see him for his skin or his bright blue hair or his common brown eyes, didn’t comment on how he stood out. Granted, he hadn’t seen the other Fae—Taehyung was much too afraid to introduce Hoseok to that life and risk losing him.He was curious and his laugh sounded like a drop of sunlight itself. He would marvel at the little tricks Taehyung practiced and for all that Taehyung had lacked, he felt on top of the world.Hoseok was unlike anything or anyone Taehyung had ever seen, and he wanted to keep the human for himself.His spells increased in their intensity, and the void in his center filled up with something else entirely. Not water or ice magic as was common for the Winterbournes but a strange, violet aura that had no categorisation, no limit. It swirled deep inside, and Taehyung only had a small inkling of it.He felt alive, but in an entirely different manner than a Fae who had reached their tenth season. He felt like he could raze the whole forest and resurrect it, could keep going on and on, and never tire. His grandmother only nodded, somehow aware of the changes he was going through.Having Hoseok by his side helped with the practice.“Are the others like this?” Hoseok asked as he watched flames lick up Taehyung’s entire arm, leaving his clothes untouched. The fire didn’t burn at all, but it was warm and playful.“No,” Taehyung said, extinguishing the flames and picking up the book. He wanted to practice something other than fire; as a Winterbourne, he shouldn’t have had control over it at all. That was Summerbournes’ magic, and yet Taehyung had it. “I am cast differently from them.”“How different?”“Plenty enough to be cast off,” Taehyung murmured, focusing on the spells for water and air. But his eyes caught on the page for earth magic and Taehyung could never resist. “Would you like to see something new?”“I always like seeing you,” Hoseok said cheekily, and Taehyung's cheeks warmed. He couldn’t even blame it on the fire. “You can show me anything, Taehyung. I find them all wonderful.”“I think you shall like this, then,” Taehyung said, taking the book towards a tree and looking for a root, a new stem. Anything at all, and when he does, he speaks the words under his breath, keeping track of the pronunciation.He doesn’t expect it to be successful, but maybe the consistent practice so far has made Taehyung better at it, for right in front of their eyes a new shoot broke through the soil, green and fresh. He barely registered Hoseok’s gasp as he watched the plant grow, until it had reached a budding stage. Taehyung plucked the bud off and offered it to Hoseok.“Here you go. It’ll bloom by the time you reach home.”Hoseok accepted the bud with shaking hands, eyes shining with wonder. Taehyung felt the familiar warmth creep alongside the growing magic inside him, and he craved to keep the wonder alive a little while longer.“That was marvellous,” Hoseok whispered after a moment, pocketing the bud. “To think I have seen you grow from fire to earth—I feel honoured.”“You never stop your flattery, do you?” Taehyung asked right back, flustered enough to turn away. “It is unbecoming of you.”“On the contrary, I think it is exactly what you deserve,” Hoseok said simply, sitting down next to Taehyung. Their shoulders brushed against each other but Hoseok didn’t seem half as reactive as Taehyung was. “You do all magic, then?”“I think so,” Taehyung said after a moment, watching dirt swirl in the middle of his palm, cool and wet. “I shouldn’t be able to.”“Why not?”“As a Winterbourne, I can only ever have mastery over water,” Taehyung explained, wondered if he had any inkling for that sort of magic. “I don’t know much myself.”“Well, maybe your magic is different,” Hoseok mused, eyes on the dirt. “Maybe you have a little of everything. Has your grandmother told you anything else?”“No, she simply told me to keep practicing,” Taehyung replied, clenching his hand and extinguishing the dirt, his palm clear. He thought about what Hoseok guessed. “If I have a little bit of everything, would that mean I can control water and air as well?”Hoseok raised his hands. “Hey, I simply made an assumption. I could very well be wrong.”“You’re providing more information than actual Magikal folk at the moment, so,” Taehyung snorted, perusing through the book. Then he saw how dark the sky was. “Shouldn’t you make to leave?”Hoseok pressed his lips. His eyes seem imploring and he smiled weakly at Taehyung, “About that—do you think I could stay tonight?”Taehyung froze, page caught between his fingers. “Why?”“Please? I promise I will not interfere.”“But—but where will you stay?” Taehyung asked, turning towards Hoseok. “I don’t—I go back to my family home.”“I can stay here,” Hoseok said, indicating at the small alcove, the shade from the trees. “I don’t mind. I’m used to less at my camp, too.”Taehyung frowned. Bringing Hoseok to his land was contingent on Hoseok going back, to reduce the chances of patrol accidentally coming across their meetings. But Hoseok looked earnest, nearly pleading Taehyung with his eyes.“You have to tell me why, Hoseok, the danger is too much—”“I’ll stay hidden, I promise,” Hoseok said earnestly, catching hold of Taehyung’s hand. They were warm and rough, calluses on his fingertips. Taehyung tried not to get giddy at being touched like this. “Please, I cannot—I can’t go back.”The sun was setting fast, dull orange streaking across the sky. In an hour the patrol would start and though they had never come around this area of the woods, Taehyung didn’t want to take any risks.He didn’t want to deny Hoseok either, however.“Then I shall stay with you,” Taehyung whispered urgently, packing away his books and hiding them. “If you are discovered even by chance, you will be taken.”“And how is your presence supposed to save me?” Hoseok asked, helping Taehyung pack.“I have—some magic. I can provide a distraction, enough to get you away,” Taehyung said, scouring the area for a place he can hide Hoseok in. “Not that it would come to such a thing. But it is better to be safe.”Taking Hoseok’s hand, Taehyung walked a few steps further, a little deeper than he liked, and came upon a hollow of a dead tree, big enough to shelter them both. It was bereft of anything, and he cleared away the remains of rotting leaves to make a pathway.“Here—I think you shall be safe from the elements inside,” Taehyung said, using his hands to wipe away the dust. If only he had developed mastery over the air, he would have simply sent a gust of wind. But in due time. “This is quite large.”“You care about me so much, don’t you,” Hoseok teased, crawling in from behind. When Taehyung turned, they nearly bumped heads, and never had Taehyung been so close to a living person. Not even his mother.“Don’t delude yourself,” Taehyung hissed back, though the question caused his heart to skip a beat. He would never admit it. “You’d be skinned alive if the patrol caught you. I would feel terrible if that happened.”“All the sounds of care, Taehyung,” Hoseok said, smirking before crawling past and settling against the hollow inside of the trunk. “You sure this is all empty? I won’t be eaten alive by a mole, will I?”“If you prefer your home, you are most welcome to search for it.”“Now, now, no need for offence.”“Then shut up, and pass your time,” Taehyung said, crawling next to him and holding his knees close. His family wouldn’t miss him even if he didn’t turn up. No one would come looking for the broken Fae boy.“It is awfully dark here, however,” Hoseok whispered after a while, and Taehyung smiled to himself. He concentrated on the spot and soon, an ember of fire was burning away merrily. Their faces were aglow and like this, Hoseok looked especially…handsome? Beautiful? For a human, anyway. “Your hand will tire of holding that up. Would it be okay if you lit a small pile instead?”Taehyung bit his lips. “But the patrol—”“Won’t come here. I’ve noticed that much in all these days. You wouldn’t be practicing your magic here in the first place if the patrol was regular at all,” Hoseok finished, eyes glinting in the fire. He must be some eighteen seasons, but there were already laughter lines around his eyes. “You are scared of them.”“They would love to skin me alive if they had their ways,” Taehyung murmured, picking at his nails. “Quick, gather those leaves into a while. They seem dry enough to catch flame.”Hoseok got to his task, separating the wet, rotten mulch from their drier counterparts, and soon had a small pile in the center. Taehyung transferred the ember to the pile and it crackled to life, making the hollow a little brighter and warmer. In the cold, it was welcome—for Hoseok especially.“Is it always cold here?” Hoseok asked after a while, rubbing his arms through the thin cotton he wore. In the distance, Taehyung could hear the sharp whistles of the patrol guard, the rising sounds of the Fae market at night.“It is a cold land,” Taehyung answered, stoking the leaves, adding more to the pile. “Only during spring and summer is there some semblance of pleasantness.”“And I suppose your magic keeps you warm?”“I don’t feel the cold or the heat,” Taehyung answered, welcoming the conversation. He was always so alone at night. “Fae don’t, not unless we are sick.”Hoseok kept quiet at that, but soon his rubbing gave way to shivering and his teeth chattering the higher the moon climbed into the sky and his land fell quiet. The fire wasn’t enough and Taehyung didn’t want to but found the words slipping out anyway.“Would it help if I stayed close?” He asked, and Hoseok all but nodded, scooting to the side so Taehyung may have space. Taehyung stepped into it gingerly, careful of not touching too much. “Humans can’t help it, can they?”“My settlement is placed in a far warmer location,” Hoseok answered, sticking close to Taehyung. His heat bled through Taehyung’s tunic and robe. “This is too much for me.”“Then why did you come here?” Taehyung asked, scooting even closer and practically pressed against Hoseok. Nothing to do with how wonderful contact felt. “All those days ago, what made you enter this land?”Hoseok shrugged. “Curiosity? Boredom? I’m not sure. I was taking a break from my chores, sitting by the lake when I saw a path that was worn down. I decided to see where it led me.”“And you were not afraid?”“What is it to fear when the things you fear the most are inside your home?”Taehyung stopped at that, noting the strains present in Hoseok’s voice. After all, was Taehyung not an expert in the violence of family?“Why did you want to stay tonight?” He asked quietly, voice echoing in the hollow. The embers were burning low but Taehyung made no move to reignite the flames.Hoseok remained silent. He smelled lovely, underneath the human scent and the rotting leaves; something floral. “Home was scarier than most nights.”“Did something happen?” Taehyung could sense the question wasn’t welcome, but he already had an inkling. He knew the coldness of an unwelcome home anywhere.“My father had a bit of temper in the morning,” Hoseok said after a while, his voice too soft, too low. But Taehyung could hear every tremor in the syllables, every breath. “I was afraid if I went back, it would rain down upon me.”Taehyung nodded and ever so slowly, clasped his hand within Hoseok’s. He liked the sensation, the contradiction of soft and rough. The way Hoseok’s hand fit in his.“Then you are welcome to come back and stay here as and when you please, Hoseok. You can trust me.” ⎈⎈⎈ “Maybe you shouldn’t have done that,” Jeongguk remarks, stretching his legs out and crossing his arms behind his head. He tries not to bristle at another human getting close to Taehyung. Taehyung wasn’t his and besides, this was all in the past.“I was a fool at seventeen winters,” Taehyung laughs, going back to tracing symbols again. “Hoseok was—he was the first and perhaps, the only person who had deigned to give me attention. I just wanted to keep him for as long as possible.”“He sounds cheeky,” Jeongguk comments, trying to imagine this stranger in his head. He can’t. “You sound flustered.”“Must you tease me,” Taehyung whines, but his cheeks are deliciously red. Jeongguk curbs the thought of wanting to bite them. How feral. “I was a boy. No one had…tried so hard around me.”“And so Hoseok got away with the bare minimum,” Jeongguk mutters darkly. Imagines being with Taehyung in the past, maybe being the one beside him in a small hollow.Taehyung, however, sighs, his gaze fond on Jeongguk. “You sound like you dislike him already.”“Well, he clearly has something to do with your fate here.”“He does, but you must understand— Hoseok isn’t at fault. It was entirely my doing,” Taehyung says, his tone insistent and eyes imploring. “As a human, he was lovely.”Jeongguk nods before his eyes catch on to what has really been said. “As a human?”Taehyung nods and looks at the lantern to the side. “It was going well. But greed has a way of killing anything at all, and I fell under its charm.” ⎈⎈⎈ Taehyung gained mastery over water and air soon after, until it took barely a thought. He craved more as the magic inside—for it could have been nothing else—began to ask, to manifest into a voice in his mind.More, we want more. This is nothing for you.Hoseok came and went as he pleased. Some nights he would stay and sometimes he would be gone for days, though he would come back with bruises on his arms and sometimes his back.Taehyung decided to take matters into his own hands.“Teach me healing magic,” Taehyung insisted when he went to visit his grandmother next. She looked pale, resting as she was on her bed. Her home was dark and there was a scent of faint lilies around.His grandmother frowned. “Healing magic? Whatever for? Weren’t you practicing the spells I gave you—?”“I have already mastered them,” Taehyung snapped, aware that he was being disrespectful and much too hasty. He didn’t want anyone to find out about Hoseok. He took in a deep breath. “Please, grandmother. The elements have lost their charm. Healing seems so much more useful.”“You mustn’t disrespect the elements like this,” she chided, rising from the bed slowly but her eyes sharp on him. “Show me, then. If you are so sure.”Taehyung didn’t blink an eye. Instead, he simply demonstrated the initiation and destruction of each element with surprising ease. He didn’t even have to say the incantations out loud. His grandmother only stared. “I told you. I am good at this.”“You shouldn’t have…this is much too fast,” she murmured, still staring.“If you want me to light your firewood, I will gladly do so,” Taehyung said, a little impatient. He had cut short his visit with Hoseok, who was busy languishing in the hollow. He didn’t want to keep the other waiting. “But you must teach me healing magic, grandmother.”“Who do you need to heal?”Taehyung pressed his lips. He wouldn’t tell anyone about Hoseok, he simply wouldn’t. “No one. I just want to learn.”His grandmother squinted her eyes. “Who do you need to heal, boy?”Boy. As if he were nothing but another one of the Fae and not her dear grandson.“I won’t tell you, grandmother. It is best if you did not know.”His grandmother pursed her lips. She shrugged. “Then I cannot help you.”She turned away, sifting through all the mess, picking each log of firewood ever so slowly. But the flat refusal in her tone, the condition set—that she knew but she wouldn’t tell Taehyung for a price…“Grandmother, please don’t do this,” Taehyung pleaded, unbelieving of the fact that she set a condition. Wasn’t he already torn from knowledge? “I promise you, it is not for an evil cause. I truly do want to learn.”“If you did, Taehyung, then you would tell me what you need it for,” his grandmother replied, still having her back towards him. “You seem unharmed. It is not for yourself. Healing magic is not for the common folk. You only learn it if you deserve it.”If you deserve it.Taehyung gulped. His fists shook, and tears rolled down his face. Inside, the voices clamoured, shaking the bars of his chest violently. Deserve! As if we have not been kept silent for so long! As if we have not seen you suffer!Taehyung should have kept quiet. He would have, because he was meek and scared, and his voice wasn’t loud. He would have let it go.But Hoseok, and his bruises. Hoseok and the cut on his lip, the yellowing around his eyes. The limpness of his hair like he hadn’t washed it in long, how his eyes seemed down. The imprint of hands around his arm and across his back, visible through the translucent shirt.Taehyung couldn’t do that to him.The darkness descended upon him and Taehyung nearly screamed. “Grandmother, I won’t ask again.”“Boy, it isn’t up for negotiation—Taehyung, what are you doing?!” His grandmother exclaimed as she turned and froze. “Taehyung—stop this.”“Teach me, grandmother. The other magic is not enough.”“Taehyung, I can’t—stop your nonsense—”“I will scour your cottage for all the books if you won’t let me learn,” Taehyung muttered darkly, and his grandmother’s eyes widened. “This, I promise.”His grandmother said nothing. And then—“My dove, look at yourself,” she said softly, and Taehyung was thrown off by the shift. He looked down and—He was levitating a few feet off the ground, and a dull purple aura throbbed around him.“What—” Taehyung stuttered, helpless as he kept staying above ground and the weightlessness of it caught up to him. “Grandmother, what is—?”“You’re learning so fast, my dove,” his grandmother said, eyes roving up and down. She came closer and held Taehyung’s hand. “Centre yourself. Think of your feet on the ground. Land gently.”Taehyung did just that and his feet soon touched the ground. His hands were still in his grandmother’s. “Grandmother, what just happened?”She levelled him with a stern look. It did not bode well, whatever she was about to reveal. “Your magic is activating faster than I had realised, dove. It craves for more.”“I hear it sometimes,” Taehyung admitted, watching the purple recede back into his body. “It—supports me. Defends me.”“No doubt it was offended when I denied you this knowledge,” his grandmother interpreted, smiling sadly. “Who do you want it for, Taehyung?”Her gaze was imploring, as she searched his eyes for the truth. But Taehyung was too loyal. He had no one else but Hoseok. “I can’t say, grandmother. But they hurt, and I want to heal them.”She stared at him a little longer before she sighed. “Very well, then. I won’t force it out of you. I presume you have a good reason to help this person.”“Yes.”“Did you see what kind of injuries they had?” She asked, turning towards her bookcase, running her fingers over the tattered spines. “Healing magic has levels of strength.”“Simple cuts and bruises. Soothing pain,” Taehyung answered mechanically. He wondered what all his grandmother had kept in all her years of magic. “I’ve never done it before, though.”“Ah, Taehyung, with your level of magic,” his grandmother chuckled as she brought out a thick volume and blew the dust off its cover, “you will master this in no time. Tell me how the learning goes.”  When Taehyung came back to the hollow, when he held Hoseok’s hand and muttered the spell under his breath and watched as purple trails came out of his fingers and travelled up Hoseok’s wrist, he felt a warmth snap into place. And Hoseok’s wonder was everything he would have liked to treasure.  The greed didn’t stop after that.The book comprised of all sorts of healing magic. Spells that took away the pain and induced it, spells that stopped blood flow and increased it—even some spells that had to be uttered with the help of a potion to enhance it. He practiced on Hoseok, and though it hurt him to see the numerous wounds the human came with, it eased a wounded part of him to see his magic working it away.Hoseok loved it. He giggled and laughed, and would sometimes deliberately slice his hands on a tree branch, just to see Taehyung put one more of his spells. He would often tell Taehyung of the ailing people at his camp, the ones who succumbed to sickness and never woke up to face the sun. The ones who were always sick, the ones who never recovered yet remained in horrible limbo between life and death. Taehyung realised how fragile humans were, and why the Fae frowned upon them.He hated it.“My people shouldn’t think of you this way,” he argued hotly once, and Hoseok had only smiled. He patted Taehyung’s cheek as if to placate him. “It isn’t fair.”“Life rarely is,” Hoseok murmured, leaning against the tea and against Taehyung, watching him read the book. “That which is strong survives. I suppose that is why my father can’t bear the sight of me. I’m too weak. I don’t like fighting.”“That makes you stronger, for you aren’t like the rest of the brutes,” Taehyung huffed, pausing at a page and studying the incantation. It was different, and his magic immediately began to sing, recognising it as something new. “Is that why he bears down on you so much?”Hoseok shrugged, unconcerned. He played with a broken flower, twirling it in his hands. “He tries to teach me. I simply don’t learn. I’m content like this.” He then jostled Taehyung’s shoulder. “I am content with you.”“Aish, stop it,” Taehyung whined, though he couldn’t help the way his cheeks ran hot with blood. At least the benefit of tanned skin was that the blood rush wouldn’t show as easily. “You really must stop with the flattery. I am not throwing you out.”“Have you considered that maybe I like praising you?” Hoseok questioned, and for once his tone sounded serious. Taehyung turned towards him and halted when he saw how close Hoseok’s face was. “It brings me great joy to tell you these things.”“Well, I am not used to them,” Taehyung answered after a while, though his eyes moved back and forth between Hoseok’s and Hoseok’s…lips. But he mustn’t. “I don’t know what to do with myself when I hear them.”“Just accept them, Taehyung,” Hoseok implored, a tiny smile on his pink mouth. He was so ordinary looking, his face too long and too tan, and his eyes too bright—teeth too white, just plain, plain human.“Thank you,” Taehyung said, turning away. He tried to focus on the page but found the words blurring. His heart beat rather erratically. Was that a side effect of the magic?Silence dotted the space between them and Taehyung was lost once more until he felt feather touches along the nape of his neck. Just Hoseok wanting to always remain nearby. Taehyung never admitted it, but he adored these instances.“Say, Taehyung,” Hoseok said, cutting through the silence and pressing into his skin. “Have you ever been kissed?”Taehyung froze, fingers clenching around the volume. “No.”“And why?”“No one likes me,” Taehyung answered automatically, trying not to recall the instances of being mocked, of his peers calling him unlovable, and how his parents would sometimes mutter that Taehyung would never find a suitor, the disgrace he was. How he would watch the Fae around him mingle with each other, the festivities they attended together and remain absolutely alone. “I am not wanted.”“What lies,” Hoseok said, tone light yet serious. Taehyung turned towards him again and he was close once more, his eyes shifting between Taehyung’s face and his lips. “I like you. I also want you, but that can be discussed,”“So what, you’re courting me now?”“If you’d like,” Hoseok teased, and Taehyung blushed once more. He needed to stop letting himself get this affected. “I think you are beautiful. You always have been. I know you’ve told me you’re nothing by Fae standards, but for me, you will always be more, won’t you?”“Don’t be ridiculous, Hoseok,” Taehyung said, though his hands were sweating and his heart was thumping erratically. Not magic then. Nervousness? “You’re bored.”“Bored with a beautiful man.”“I’m only seventeen winters—”“And I am eighteen, but I have eyes,” Hoseok cut in, and Taehyung pursed his lips. “If you want to try, you only have to ask.”He didn’t push him after, but Taehyung’s mind was lost in the prospect. Had he thought of Hoseok before? Yes. Hoseok was charming, even if he was human and unlike everything a Fae was. But Hoseok was also the only one who had stayed, and kept Taehyung’s secret and let him practice his spells. Kept his mouth shut and encouraged Taehyung where he felt he was failing.So why not? It wasn’t like Taehyung had a long line of Fae suitors anyway.“Okay, you can try, but only once,” Taehyung said after a while, and Hoseok giggled. “I just want to know what it feels like.”“A lowly human, at your service,” Hoseok said and scooted closer to Taehyung, warm body pressed into the linen Taehyung wore. “Don’t worry about being good—just follow my lead, alright?”Taehyung nodded. It was just a one-time experiment. He just needed to know.It felt like stars exploding, but inside. It was strange, having warm flesh press into him, nipping into his lips. The way his heart sped its beating, the way he clenched his hands into tiny fists. Hoseok placed a palm on Taehyung’s cheek and ran soothing circles under his eye, and Taehyung felt like he would melt into the ground and never reform again.When Hoseok pulled back, his eyes had wonder written into them. And Taehyung knew, then and there, that he could never keep it at once. Hoseok was here to stay. ⎈⎈⎈ Jeongguk, predictably, bursts out laughing.“What?” Taehyung bristles, shoulders curling in defence. The actions make him all the more adorable, and Jeongguk can somehow imagine him as a young, untested seventeen-year-old.“Nothing, it just sounded sweet,” Jeongguk says, still smiling. And to think he had already been tasting and experimenting by the time he turned sixteen. But then, Sunsong was a much more liberated region. “First kiss and all. You make it sound so romantic.”“Well, because it was,” Taehyung insists, curling his lip. “It was a first for me and I didn’t know—stop laughing! It’s not so strange!”Jeongguk ducks when Taehyung flings a ball of yarn magically conjured. “I’m just saying! It’s so sweet. That’s good. My town was all about the debauchery.”“And what does that mean? Were you some sort of a—a harlot?”“Careful there, I sense judgement,” Jeongguk says, raising his eyebrows but still smiling. “No need to be so offended. And truth be told, being a harlot wasn’t an occupation of shame.”Taehyung opens his mouth then shuts it, looking away, twiddling with his robes once more. “Well. Qinyang was nothing of the sort.”“Uptight?”“Respectful,” Taehyung hisses, but his ears betray him, as do his cheeks. Jeongguk has an unbidden image of Taehyung coloured under different circumstances and clamps his legs shut. What is wrong with him? “But I suppose…uptight in some instances. For instance, we were not supposed to lay with anyone before marriage.”At this, Jeongguk whistles. “So you and Hoseok…?”“Broke the norm, of course,” Taehyung says, shrugging, eyes blank. He seems lost once more and Jeongguk hates how easily Taehyung simply…leaves. “But that wasn’t the worst part.”“What could be worse than laying with someone in a society which could have punished you for it?” Jeongguk questions and Taehyung offers a limp smile.“A lot of things. Such as my need to keep him and do anything for that to happen.” ⎈⎈⎈ The deeper Taehyung dove into healing magic, the more he discovered about his own.Such as how hungry it was, and how it grew until it was almost like another individual residing within Taehyung. It guided him, hissed when a spell wasn’t working or was deathly quiet when Taehyung was scared.It would bubble happily every time Hoseok would come through the shrubbery and greeted Taehyung with a kiss.The kissing was another piece Taehyung began to crave. Hoseok was, as he used the human term—a gentleman about it. He never mocked Taehyung, and never pressed him to do more. He would distract him from his spells sometimes and would giggle in Taehyung’s mouth when he announced how guilty he was.Taehyung couldn’t help himself.Maybe it was because he had never been loved, not the way he deserved. To put it frankly, he didn’t even know what he deserved, or how much, but Hoseok was content in showing him the ropes of it. And Taehyung never wanted to let go of him.There was a tiny problem, of course—of Hoseok being a human and thus—incompatible with Taehyung altogether.“But why?” Taehyung asked when they were laying under the canopy a little deeper into the woods and stared as the sun traveled across the sky. “It makes sense. You like me and I like you. What is so difficult about that?”Hoseok only brushed against Taehyung’s nose, playing with his pendant. He had taken to wearing one as a conduit for the rising magic inside him—his grandmother’s advice. “Because you are Fae and I am human, silly.”“And?”“And that means, I will never be like you. I will age faster, while you will—what did you say? Slow down your aging after you turn twenty winters? You will outlive me and all the while I shall wither away into an old husk.”“But I would love you with my whole heart,” Taehyung said, the belief coursing through him as simply as any beginner’s spell.“And I would love you back, but eventually I will grow old, Taehyung. And time will catch up to us.” Hoseok smiled sadly at that, tucking Taehyung’s hair gently and slowly. For eighteen, he seemed so mature while Taehyung fumbled with his age.Was that something only humans experienced? Age, and the pain of it? The realisation that they simply had to age and nothing could stop it?Unless…“What if you could live forever?” Taehyung asked, breaking the silence. Hoseok’s hand stopped in his hair and he frowned. Even his sadness looked beautiful on him. “What would you do?”“Well, spend it all with you,” Hoseok teased, and Taehyung giggled. Then he sighed, turning away and laying on his back. Arms crossed behind his head. “I don’t know, really. Immortality seems tempting when you have so much to do but so little time; what about the people who don’t really have a vision?”“What do you mean?”“I mean—I’m no high-born in my camp. My family, we get up and survive. We feed ourselves and sometimes we don’t. We just don’t want to die—not because of fear but maybe because we want to die with dignity? I don’t know. I never developed dreams to want to live forever. Or promise them.”Taehyung’s stomach sunk at the thought. He had been hoping Hoseok would say something like travel the world with you or help you escape this prison or even anywhere with you, as long as it’s us against the world.But he didn’t contemplate how widely different Hoseok’s life was outside of Taehyung’s little bubble, and how when he went back, Taehyung didn’t know anything of it. Only that if Hoseok came back with injuries, Taehyung would heal him. Then they would distract each other.“Do you think if you did have the time, you could develop new dreams?” Taehyung asked while Hoseok pressed soft kisses all over Taehyung’s cheeks and neck and jaw. His wrists and slowly down his clavicle, a new region that Hoseok was obsessed with, and Taehyung enjoyed as well.Hoseok paused in his ministrations. Hummed. “I think any human who wasn’t bound by time would jump at the opportunity. So, yes. Maybe I would. But I can’t, so it’s no use thinking about it.”Taehyung wanted to reply but was quickly lost as Hoseok shut his mouth up.  Later in the silence of his attic and the echo of the crickets, Taehyung made his decision. His magic hummed warmly at the thought of it so he knew he was doing something right.Taehyung would find a way to make Hoseok live.He was alive right now, but he wasn’t going to be youthful long. Maybe for Hoseok, age did matter, and love was not enough to sustain. Taehyung understood that, so why not just remove the barrier in the equation? The barrier being Hoseok’s aging, of course.He dove into the remaining part of the healing book to find anything at all for slowing down age. He knew Fae naturally slowed down once they turned twenty; they weren’t immortal—but old age came much, much later. It was how his grandmother was still sprightly even though she was old, or how late he was born—his parents had taken their time with each offspring.To imagine an eternity without Hoseok and the love he showered Taehyung with was unimaginable. To imagine suffering his whole life in a stuffy kingdom and have no one to seek reprieve with stung even worse. Taehyung simply couldn’t bear the reality.So he sought to change it. And his magic agreed.But when he asked his grandmother, she shut him down without a second glance.“Absolutely not,” his grandmother snapped when Taehyung randomly mused about increasing lifespan. Especially a human’s. “We do not interfere with human lives. Theirs is a species meant to succumb to time.”“It isn’t fair,” Taehyung argued hotly, the hurt simmering inside. “What if they want to do so much more but can’t because they just don’t have time?”“It is not ours to change,” his grandmother said, but she was looking suspicious. “Nature persists in a certain way. We do not go against her. The Mother Goddess forbids it.”“The Mother Goddess conveniently disappears when we need her,” Taehyung muttered, and gasped when his grandmother whipped the edge of her stole at him. “I meant that with the utmost respect.”“Of course you did.”Moments of silence passed before another idea brew in his head. “I wonder if we could turn humans into Fae.”The clatter of spoons, the sudden flutter of his grandmother’s steps. Taehyung found his face being seized as she stared deeply into his eyes. She had to look up now, poor thing.“Listen to me, Taehyung-ah,” she hissed lowly, eyes imploring. “Never, and I mean it—never think of that. It is an abomination of nature itself. It goes against all balance and laws.”“But it is possible?”“I don’t want you to even think about it,” she continued, fear colouring her pupils, the iris a dark purple. “Whoever it is you are infatuated with—break it. Before you make a mistake.”She let go of his face and took a step back, taking in a deep, shuddering breath. Fear still rolled off her in dark waves, and Taehyung could only stare at her. She sounded so serious, and yet—All he wanted was to chase the notion even more.“Tell me why,” he whispered, steeling himself for the truth. “Don’t just give me warnings. Tell me why.”“Is a warning not enough, my dove?”“You know it isn’t. You know they mean nothing to me.”She stared at him sadly yet afraid for him. But Taehyung had never been able to tame the beast of curiosity bellowing deep inside. “You will not rest otherwise, would you?”Taehyung nodded back just as grim. At least she knew him the best. “It would make me happy, grandmother. You know anything hardly ever does.”She kept staring until she sighed. Her hands shook when she wove them through her braid and there was regret painted all over. But her weakness had always been her blind love for Taehyung, and he knew that well.He hated that he would resort to using that, but if there was even the slightest chance that Hoseok could be his then— it was worth it.“It is not impossible, you are correct,” she started, shuffling towards her cot and sitting down. Taehyung knelt next to her. “It was an ancient rite done in the Old Days as a cruel sport. The kings of then would hunt down humans and bring them to various kingdoms, and incite Dark Magic to turn them into Fae.“It was nothing but enjoyment for them. The transformation is tricky, but if not done well—the human always suffers. They suffer more if the transformation is successful—the records said their natures would change, turn for the worse. It didn’t matter to the Fae Lords, of course—they would have killed them anyway.”“And it is forbidden now?” Taehyung asked, eyes wide. They never taught the Fae this in their history lessons.His grandmother nodded solemnly. “When the Rising occurred and the New Liege burned down the practices of the Old, they banished this form of magic. Burned down all the records of it—though they must have saved some just in case. But knowledge of it was erased from the public’s memories, and soon the new generation of Fae had no understanding of this. Any practitioners were swiftly executed.”“Why was it banned?”“Because it was cruel, Taehyung,” his grandmother said, her tone insistent and forceful. “It is cruel to go against what nature has made. Almost always nature finds a way to return to balance, and the transformed would pay a terrible price.”“But if they took care of the transformed—”“Taehyung, stop this infernal nonsense,” she cut in, eyes flashing with light purple, the rage of magic. “I don’t know what has gotten into you. I don’t know which human you have taken to fancy—this is already a crime—but I implore you to stop. And to not dip your toe into waters it doesn’t belong.”Taehyung pressed his lips and nodded, but his magic was a raging wave inside. It had been the moment he heard dark magic and transformations, how it had clamoured and banged itself against the bars of his heart to learn more. That is perfect for us.His grandmother would never help him. If Taehyung told her about Hoseok, she would ask him to cut off ties with him. Worse, prevent him from ever seeing him again, and Taehyung could simply not bear the thought of it. Hoseok was his guiding light, his ray of hope to which he clung with all his might. To return back to a place of bleakness—he simply couldn’t.He had just started learning magic, and he was already ahead of his peers—though in ways that could never be measured or understood. To them, Taehyung would always be a misfit, an uneducated lad. Though he was only a mere seventeen winters—he knew in his heart that he would accomplish in turning Hoseok and—Keeping him forever. ⎈⎈⎈ The crickets are especially loud this time when Taehyung pauses and Jeongguk faces him, sure that flies have already begun to enter his open mouth.“So you…you wanted to…turn Hoseok?” Jeongguk asks at last, finally understanding Taehyung’s exceptional talent for transformation. But it is one thing to turn apples into pears or sand into garden soil. It was another to turn men into animals, and to turn a human into a Fae…“Yes, to make the long story short,” Taehyung confirms, reaching over to tap Jeongguk’s mouth shut. His touch is like a burn on Jeongguk’s skin. “I thought what better way to keep the one good thing in my life forever?”“But…your grandmother said—”“She said a lot of things. Good, sensible ones which I ignored because I was seventeen, delusional and stupid. And madly in love, though that’s no excuse,” Taehyung finishes, musing by himself. He looks both saddened and disgusted in remembering his past self. “If I were to tell the truth—I was simply selfish. I had found something and I wanted it to be mine. Nothing had ever been claimed by me because I wasn’t allowed to.”“Hoseok was still a person,” Jeongguk says, frowning. He couldn’t help but wonder about Hoseok’s agency, in a powerful person making the choice for him. “He probably didn’t want it.”At that, Taehyung begins to laugh—and does he laugh heartily. Until his eyes swell up with tears, though none fall. But he looks mocking—not at Jeongguk, but his assumption. “And that is a mistake.”“How so?”“You thought it just now, didn’t you? Hoseok is a human, humans wouldn’t want others to make decisions for them, they want their freedom—you thought that, didn’t you?”Taehyung seems so sure of it that Jeongguk can only helplessly shrug. “Maybe.”“And most humans I have had the pleasure of hosting, they are like that, no doubt. So you’re not wrong, but you are wrong about Hoseok—he said he didn’t, but he wanted to be one of the Fae so desperately that in the end—it was his undoing.”At the somber tone Taehyung adopts does Jeongguk pause and reflect upon what he said. “What do you mean?”Taehyung only shakes his head, chuckling away. Something manic yet somber shines in his eyes and Jeongguk is afraid for what happens next in the story.“It means that Hoseok jumped at what I said—and it was the beginning of the end for us.” ⎈⎈⎈ Taehyung had an irritating quality that went unnoticed because to others, he was little more than dirt: he was frighteningly obsessive and determined once he made up his mind.To get him there was another challenge, but if he crossed the stream and made his choice—he would follow through. This is why, despite his grandmother’s warnings and pleadings—Taehyung began to search for any record of the Old Days.The local library had nothing—though it otherwise had thousands upon thousands of volumes of every kind. Of other species, other kinds of Fae, even humans supposedly residing in other lands—it was a marvellous thing. But try as he might, Taehyung couldn’t find anything about the Old Days other than the Rising and the War which followed. The descent into the New Days they all currently followed.The library was a haven for someone like him, it turned out. Almost no one bothered to look at him or whisper about him as he scurried about, and the silence was peaceful enough that disturbing it would bear a heavy cost, obvious in the baleful gaze of the Book Keeper. Taehyung was happiest here after frolicking in the woods with Hoseok—and he was happy to be invisible for once.That is until he noticed and felt a peculiar pair of eyes following him on the days he would appear at the library. Eyes he could never locate or identify but that which his magic noted all the same. It itched at him, this attention which he wasn’t used to and he prayed that whoever was looking at him wouldn’t report his activities to his grandmother. It would be a great way to earn favour from one of the Elders, after all.He found himself diving into deeper and older sections, sections far, far away from the public and collecting their weight in the dust—the staleness of the volumes itself gave it away. But it was a heady scent to Taehyung, and sometimes he felt like he could disappear for days—if only the Book Keeper wouldn’t release sweeping air magic to weed out the ones lingering.Every day he would attempt to cover one more section than the previous day—but to no avail. It was almost as if someone had made sure the Old Days would remain buried—which made him wonder—how did his grandmother know about it?He was nearing the end of the ring and frantic in his search when he dropped a volume—and nearly screeched in alarm for the volumes here were incredibly delicate—when a hand shot out and caught it gingerly, holding it with utmost care. Taehyung opened his eyes and found himself looking at a tall, gangly Fae boy.“You almost destroyed this,” he said quietly, holding the book out while Taehyung accepted shakily, heart still racing at his mistake. He would have been barred forever. “You must be careful with this section.”“It was an honest mistake. I apologise,” Taehyung said softly, bowing his head and refusing to meet the boy’s eyes. “Thank you.”He made to turn away but found himself being halted by the boy.“What are you doing here?” The boy asked, looking around the darkness, the dust glinting in the torchlight. Even in the daytime, the older sections felt more like a crypt.Taehyung raised an eyebrow. “Whatever one does in a library,” he said, holding the book up. “Reading.”The boy had the gall to roll his eyes. Taehyung noticed how they glinted slightly green in the torch. A Springbourne. “You needn’t act so smart. You know what I meant.”And Taehyung did. Regular Fae didn’t go so deep into the bowels of the library. “Looking for some sources on the Old Days.”The boy tilted his head, studying Taehyung carefully. He must have been some eighteen springs, yet he felt older than his age. His gaze was frighteningly deep for a boy, and Taehyung felt much too seen.“Say, aren’t you that boy? The fifth son of the Winterbourne Crest?”Taehyung gulped. The last thing he needed was to be recognised and now his exploration would be cut short because this boy would surely tell about him to the Elders, who would draw Taehyung up and flog him. Or worse, and it was just his dumb luck he was so infamous—“Hey, I won’t tell anyone,” the boy cut in, grabbing Taehyung’s shoulders lightly to shake him up. “I was just curious. I’ve seen you around.”“I see.”“I never expected to see a Crest family member in so deep, however,” the boy continued musing, a small smile on his face—but nothing mean or mocking. It was unlike another Fae in Qinyang to not mock Taehyung simply for existing. “But then, so am I.”At this, Taehyung’s eyes widened. Crest meant the royalty within a seasonal class, and they were quite intense about meeting only with people of their class or status. “You are?”“Mm. Springbourne Crest.”“So my guess was correct,” Taehyung said gleefully. The boy exuded spring and earth magic. Then he frowned. A generation of Autumnbournes was in charge of Book Keeping, what with their air magic. “What is someone with earth magic doing here?”The boy shrugged. “I am the Book Keeper’s assistant. They said my head was too in the clouds to do remotely anything earth magical.” The boy adjusted his robe. “Not that I’m not talented with that. But I’m only good with little plants. Otherwise, I’m quite hopeless.”“So you like reading more than gardening.”“That would be correct,” the boy said, and when he smiled this time, dimples popped up on his skin. Only the Springbournes were allowed to have darker skin as it corresponded to their season. Taehyung was an anomaly. The boy held out his hand then. “Whatever it is that you’re looking for, I can help.”Taehyung stared at the hand warily. He had had Fae offer friendship only to cruelly take it away when he was young. “Why would you?”“You look like a curious lad. I love curious people. And I love the challenge of not finding a needed book,” the boy said casually, grinning. When he took Taehyung’s hand, they were warm—and smelled new, like freshly dug soil. “My name is Namjoon, and it would be a pleasure to help you.”  The good thing about Namjoon was, he didn’t ask Taehyung any questions.He did raise his eyebrows, but he shrugged, leading Taehyung to some of the more inaccessible sections of the shelves. When Taehyung confessed to having used magic to peruse through them, Namjoon had frowned.“What exactly are you searching for?” He asked when Taehyung had rejected yet another epitaph on the Old Days. It had been the same nonsense, about why the Old Days were better off gone.Taehyung bit his lip. His alliance with Namjoon was new, but he didn’t know yet if he could trust the older boy. Namjoon, however, must have understood his hesitance because he leaned in, voice a hushed whisper. “Is it something meant to be hidden?”“It is not exactly…correct of me to search for it, let’s put it that way,” Taehyung admitted, and Namjoon nodded, a look of contemplation on his face. So far, he didn’t seem suspicious, but one mistake and Taehyung would be punished. “It is about an ancient rite from the Old Days.”“And I suppose it is something eradicated from history?”Taehyung nodded. Namjoon sighed once more before rubbing his hand through his hair, looking here and there. They were alone and would be for a while.“Just how ancient are we talking about here? Maybe context would help me narrow down the areas you should be searching.” When Taehyung kept shut, Namjoon smiled softly at him. “I won’t tell. I’ve gotten into trouble for wanting to know more.”Taehyung decided to take the plunge. He was lost anyway. “It is a rite which speaks of transforming humans into Fae. I wanted to know more about that time in our history.”Namjoon chuckled. “Well. You will definitely never find that here.”“So you know it’s there?”“Of course. Getting entirely rid of it was never the New Liege’s agenda,” Namjoon said confidently. “Have you ever been to the restricted section?”  Which was how Taehyung, of all the Fae, found himself in the dark, near dungeon-like structure of the restricted section. Cool and dry with torches lit every few feet, he followed Namjoon down the crypt. Volumes upon volumes were encased in glass walls, locked with chains.Namjoon seemed to know exactly where the particular section was for he bypassed a lot of shelves before closing in towards the end. He held the torch while Namjoon grabbed a stool and looked amongst the dusty books and sheaves of paper, their crinkling echoing in the chambers.“Here you go,” he said after a moment, stacking delicate stacks of papyrus into Taehyung’s arms. “Have at it.”“Thank you,” Taehyung said, as he tried to decipher in the weak torchlight. But it wasn’t enough. “This is wonderful. I’ve been searching for days.”“I know, I’ve been watching,” Namjoon said smugly, crossing his arms. “Is it for someone?”Taehyung’s hands froze on the roll and he shook his head. This he trusted with no one. “No. Just studying. I’m curious about the start. My grandmother spoke of it, so naturally, I got tempted.”“I am not judging,” Namjoon said, holding his hands up. But the glint in his eyes said otherwise. Almost like he knew that Taehyung was lying. “Be careful with it. And if you want to return it, ask to meet me somewhere secluded.”With that, Namjoon turned and let Taehyung out, and finally—Taehyung had the answer in his hands.  Once Taehyung dove in, he knew was never coming back out.The volume was unlike anything else. It spoke of spells and magic far beyond any of the texts he had studied, and Taehyung only understood it because of the spells he had already learned from the book on healing magic.Which meant the book was also from the Old Days but cleverly concealed by his grandmother, and yet again, Taehyung wondered how she knew so much about a time that was supposedly ancient.He had one purpose, but he got lost in history itself. The cruelty, the way humans were treated—not that they were treated any better now, but there was a false veil of understanding, an ignorance his clan maintained. The way Fae themselves were much more vicious about their magic and its displays, and how they had brought entire cities to rubble with their spells. About the Rising, and how a certain sect of Fae was displeased by the rampant cruelty and mistrust the Fae were breeding amongst other Magikal species, and were being cut off—but all were lost in their hubris.When he found the spell for transformations at last, Taehyung’s magic nearly burst out of him in recognition. How, he didn’t know, but his body felt both hot and cool, the cacophony of voices in his mind threatening to tear it apart and his hands were shaking with the energy he felt coursing through him.He didn’t tell Hoseok. The days when Hoseok couldn’t come by, Taehyung would spend reciting the spell to himself and casting it to memory. Then, he began with small transformations—a flower to seed and back. A fruit to another. Water to ice, soil to stone. Slowly, he began to practice even at home. A slight change to his sister’s hair colour, the ring on his mother’s finger from gold to silver.Then he began practicing on himself. Turning his skin to paler gold, but not completely pale. Sometimes his eye colour and sometimes his hair. The day he shifted his hand from young to old and it stayed for hours—that was the day he told Hoseok.Hoseok looked both hopeful and fearful.“Are you sure it is the correct spell?” He asked, running slim fingers over Taehyung’s gnarled hand, tracing the purple veins. He gasped when Taehyung muttered and his hand changed back to youthful. “Well, that answers it.”“I know it seems terrifying,” Taehyung assured him, leaning in to kiss Hoseok who happily hummed in Taehyung’s mouth. “And I am practicing every day. I’m increasing the range of it, and I feel confident.”“I know, you would never do anything casually,” Hoseok murmured as he pecked him once, twice. Then he lay his head in Taehyung’s lap, sighing when Taehyung carded his fingers through his hair. “You’re one of the most hard-working people I have seen. Even if I haven’t seen your brethren. I feel like no one ever does it like you do.”“That’s sweet of you,” Taehyung said, though his heart stutters a beat. The praises warmed him to the toes. “I just want it to work. You deserve to live a long time, without worries of time, and see how good you can be.”“No one’s ever thought for me that way,” Hoseok said, looking into Taehyung’s eyes and blinking slowly. “My family only ever gives me chores or asks me to look for a bride— they never think of how I would like to grow beyond survival.”“Which is why I am doing this for you,” Taehyung said, rubbing soothing circles around Hoseok’s cheeks. “I promise—the day I accomplish this is the day I will take you from that life. And you’ll be safe.”“No harm shall come to me, huh?”“None whatsoever,” Taehyung said, sighing when Hoseok pressed a palm against his cheek. He felt so close to victory, the sensation was undeniable. “You and I will be together a long, long time.” ⎈⎈⎈ Taehyung doesn’t say much for a long time after. Almost as if he’s reached an understanding that he needs to spill a darker aspect of the tale, and thus needs to prepare for it.“Do you not have any questions?” Taehyung asks after a while, eyes nearly begging for Jeongguk to say something, anything—and delay the inevitable.And Jeongguk can’t help him out this time, for he is terribly curious and saddened. Everything about Taehyung seems to suggest that.“No. Keep going when you feel prepared. I am ready to listen.” ⎈⎈⎈  Hubris was a dangerous thing. It bred like poison and stuck to the insides, refusing to be removed.Hubris particularly in the hands of the Magikal was a death sentence—or so Taehyung’s grandmother reminded him time and again. It was only unfortunate that Taehyung got lost in the lust of his rising magic, the song it sang to him, and how it wove around him tight enough to never let him go.When his practice of days and weeks, perhaps even months, finally bore fruit, Taehyung didn’t waste a single moment. He showed Hoseok the various transformations and with each successful attempt, Hoseok grinned a little brighter. The sheer practice itself tore open his reserves of magic, letting it out in frightening surges of energy that Taehyung didn’t know how to contain—but he didn’t care. Not when he was so close. His conduit was constantly thrumming with a purple aura, so he began hiding it under his robes. His grandmother still sensed something in him but he would always evade her, knowing how she would stop him.The use of magic told upon Taehyung—in ways different from any Fae before. There wasn’t the soft, white glow that often covered most Winterbournes; Taehyung was the same as ever but his golden skin glowed, his hair brighter and his face—sharper. He now attracted people’s gazes for reasons other than shame—awe, maybe even fear—and he thrived upon it. He adored how no one thought to approach him now, and only Hoseok had the right.He never displayed his magic anywhere else. To the public, he kept up the role of being useless and dormant, a sick fascination with the terror in their eyes when they tried to catch him unawares but would miraculously suffer mysterious welts. Some of the troublemakers called him cursed, but Taehyung knew he wasn’t—his grandmother was right. He was gifted, and no one would ever look down upon him again.The day he met Hoseok after he felt confident about the spell and the procedure required for it was the day Hoseok kissed him all over, deeper and with desperate haste that had Taehyung gasping into his mouth. By now they had explored each other enough to know what they liked and didn’t. With winter fast approaching and Taehyung turning eighteen winters—they knew what they wanted from the other.They decided upon a date and spent the last few days of Hoseok being a human with frantic love-making, the kind that younglings got up to when they didn’t know any better but wanted an outlet for the passion anyway. The kind where Hoseok was gentle and kind and wonderful, and Taehyung wanted to add one more thing to his increasing repertoire of knowledge. Not all knowledge was magical, after all.And when the day arrived and Hoseok sobbed away the last of his panic, clutching Taehyung’s hand and asking for reassurance again and again—Taehyung kissed an answer onto him each time, wiping away his tears because they were so close.They went further into the woods on a sunny winter morning, to ensure there wasn’t any chance of encountering the patrol. In a meadow hidden away amongst the trees, Taehyung instructed Hoseok to lay down in nothing but his inner linen and ached at seeing how badly he was shivering. But it would be over soon if Taehyung was successful—then Hoseok would cease to feel the extremities of nature.Hoseok, despite his claims of cowardice—was brave. He withstood the cold and clenched his teeth, and bit on his lip when the effects of the spell began to take effect. Then, in the zenith of the casting, Taehyung approached him and poured a silver-glazed liquid down his lips, the colour staining and bright. Hoseok coughed and looked curiously at the bottle.“What is that?” He croaked, as Taehyung pet his hair lovingly.“It is a kind of a truth-revealing potion, made from a particular flower,” Taehyung murmured. It was a difficult substance to obtain—unless one was friends with a Springbourne, of course. “It is just an agent—what matters is what I want your true form to be, and then I cast the necessary spell. But it will hurt just a bit.”“That’s alright. You’re doing so well,” Hoseok murmured, then clenched his teeth again, body tightening up gradually as the effects of the potion made their way through. He bit on the cloth Taehyung offered when he let out a slight scream, and they couldn’t afford to attract any attention. “Gods above, that hurts.”“Well, you are transforming,” Taehyung said, then took a step back, opened the book, and began to speak the spell aloud. Almost instantly the trees began to sway, the wind increased its speed and the grass underneath Hoseok’s form began to disintegrate. And around the person himself—a deep purple aura began to surround Hoseok even as it poured into Hoseok. Taehyung raised a wall of wind so that any accidental sounds were absorbed by it, and then—Just as fast as it had all appeared, the winds died down. The trees remained stationary and Hoseok let in the middle in a circle of dead grass. Taehyung rushed towards him and his limp form, worried that it had backfired and Hoseok was dead, and Taehyung would never forgive himself if he did this—Hoseok gasped, his eyes flashing open. And immediately Taehyung knew, the transformation had been successful.“Oh Hoseok,” he breathed, unable to believe the vision in front of him. The testament of his hard work, the proof that he was magical and powerful. “You look so beautiful.”Not that he hadn’t been before, but maybe the Fae were right when they boasted about their beauty over the humans. Hoseok’s features were sharper, his skin had lost some of its golden hue but not entirely, and his eyes were—strangely enough—ringed with gold. His blemishes had vanished and he looked marvellous.Hoseok seemed equally shocked, looking up and down his arms in awe. Then he looked at Taehyung and his eyes shook with barely held tears. “I don’t feel cold anymore.”“Yes,” Taehyung said, the sound caught wetly in his throat. He couldn’t believe himself. “You are a Fae now.”“I feel stronger and—and I look better than before, I feel like I could take on the world!” Hoseok exclaimed, and Taehyung laughed through his tears, laughing louder when Hoseok scooped him up and swung him around. He was leaner and his muscles more corded, and Taehyung could really appreciate him.“I don’t know what kind of Fae you are, however,” he said, once he lent Hoseok the borrowed Fae clothes and fussed over him. It was a worrying point for him. “The book never said. I don’t know to whom gold rings belong to; none of the seasons have them.”“I don’t care,” Hoseok said, distracting Taehyung and trying to steal a kiss or two every few moments. “I’m so happy. I feel good and now I have all the time in the world to shower you with the care you deserve, no?”“To an extent,” Taehyung said, tilting his head back while Hoseok pressed kisses along his neck. The worry was losing its ground. “Even if you age, it won’t be as fast as a human’s. You better spoil me like you mean it.”“Anything you want,” Hoseok murmured into his ears before taking the lobe in, and Taehyung shrieked. “But how am I supposed to do that holed in here?”“I will introduce you gradually,” Taehyung said, pushing Hoseok away and tying the belt around the tunic. He would have to be careful; the Fae in Qinyang were much too homogenous not to notice a new Fae in their midst. Taehyung had to come with a believable story. “We have to be careful about this. You know what I just did is a punishable offence.”“I understand,” Hoseok said, smiling fondly, letting Taehyung wrap him in a robe. He already smelled good, like sunshine and sunflowers perhaps, something sunny just like him. Taehyung’s heart pound faster. “I’m sorry if I sound impatient. There is too much energy inside at the moment.”“Yes, about that,” Taehyung said, taking a step back and around Hoseok. He already looked like one of them. He couldn’t wait to show off how good he was at magic. “Do you feel anything? Any call to magic, or any voice?”“None whatsoever,” Hoseok frowned but didn’t seem too bothered. “I just want to do—everything at once. That kind of demand is there, but maybe that’s just a transformation after-effect?”“Perhaps,” Taehyung said, but the worry was forming its roots. What kind of Fae was Hoseok? The book didn’t have much about that, and Taehyung had to know more before he let Hoseok lose. “Now—are you prepared for your first lesson as a Fae?”  Hoseok adapted quickly to the Fae life. He listened intently to whatever Taehyung said, and kept his distractions to the minimum (after lessons was a whole other story).He got accustomed to his new form, the power it gave and the speed, the agility—the way elements of nature weren’t as much of a bother as a human. He would marvel at it, and Taehyung adored the way Hoseok got excited over the little things. His eyes, however, remained a stubborn gold—but Taehyung assumed it was an after-effect of the spell. Maybe transformed Fae were simply different. They could learn only through trial and error.When Taehyung deemed Hoseok prepared enough, he decided to introduce him to the public. Not loudly or garishly, but enough that he didn’t have to hide Hoseok anymore. Didn’t have to pretend like he was alone when all along he had been with Hoseok and thriving.Hoseok was understandably nervous, but through nervous pecks and whispers, he walked with Taehyung—this time in the opposite direction. Towards the open areas, leaving the sanctity and safety of the woods behind.And when the first people set their eyes on Hoseok and did a double-take—his heart crawled into his mouth with pride, his blood roaring at the shock on their faces, their eyes trained on Hoseok and their clasped hands. How confidently Taehyung walked with his head held up high, no longer the slave of their comments and perceptions. How Hoseok looked around with awe but also met every person’s gaze with assurance, just the way Taehyung had trained him. Never let them know you’re weak.He did this. Taehyung transformed a human to a Fae at the young age of eighteen winters, accomplishing something even seasoned spell-casters had struggled with. But then, they never had Taehyung’s natural gift—whatever it was that boiled in his blood.For the first time in his life, people begin to approach him. Their gazes are polite but fearful, eyes falling upon Hoseok who simply looked around with a critical eye (though Taehyung was sure he was screaming inside with delight). They asked him who Hoseok was, and Taehyung told them the practiced tale of a visitor from a land far away that consisted of another species of Fae—hence, Hoseok differed appearance. He had stumbled upon Taehyung when he had been shipwrecked on Qinyang, and Taehyung tended to his wounds before bringing him here.All of them ate it up, and Taehyung crowed inside. Such fools, to never question or wonder why. To never seek out the obvious holes in the bland story he had told. The Fae ultimately were people who cared only about visible power and appearance and were shallow to the core. Taehyung had assumed as much. He was more overjoyed by the attention Hoseok was receiving as last, overlooked, and mistreated as he had been in his human home.Here, Hoseok would thrive, and be respected—and no one would ever raise a hand on him again. ⎈⎈⎈ “So the transformation was successful?” This is the first thing Jeongguk asks when Taehyung halts the narration.Taehyung rises up and stretches, and stares at Jeongguk incredulously. “Are all the transformations you have seen so far not proof enough of my prowess?”“I didn’t say that. Besides, you are seasoned now, but back then…”“I was untested and new, yes, but I take my craft seriously,” Taehyung says settling down—to sit next to Jeongguk. They aren’t touching, but the distance seems maddeningly close anyway. “Especially when it came to those I loved.”Loved. Like it was a thing of a past like Taehyung didn’t hold those feelings anymore.“So what happened next? So far, it all seems like it’s working out fine.”Taehyung smiles sadly. His hands shake when he folds them over the other. “Usually when one begins to think that way is when things begin to take a turn for the worst.”“So you mean…”“What I thought was a successful transformation was only the beginning of a nightmare—and a curse upon my freedom.” ⎈⎈⎈ Youth allowed for energy to learn and grow, but what most younglings never realised was that youth also meant making more mistakes. And Taehyung realised soon enough that he had made an extremely grievous one.The problem with people who didn’t receive attention and then suddenly did was—they either ran away from it, or they swallowed it up like a hungry whale. And Hoseok was ravenous.It became clear to most people in Qinyang that Hoseok was a special Fae—his eyes were ringed gold, he was more agile and faster than the other Fae and though there were no obvious signs of magic, his very presence was regal. He looked like a prince, so the Fae assumed he was a long-lost prince from whichever land he was from. They never questioned why Hoseok never had an answer for the name of the land, or his title or who his sire was—but it didn’t matter to them, because Hoseok was incredibly charming.And Taehyung soon realised he wasn’t the only special one.It started with the increasing visits to Taehyung’s family home—not to ask after Taehyung but to enquire upon Hoseok. Gifts for him, robes tailored with gold thread or sometimes even yellow sapphires, and food—from the ones who wished to court him, as if Taehyung hadn’t been public enough in his claim. And what was worse was—Hoseok ate all of it up.He didn’t think it was an issue, and he didn’t listen when Taehyung warned him it would be short-lived. He would frolic around the town market, would accept the generous requests to be taken on tours—until soon enough, he stopped being Taehyung’s alone.In fact, he stopped being with Taehyung, period.He began by accepting invitations to festivals and midnight parties with some of the royal Crest family members. Hoseok was a good sport, Taehyung had always known—but he had never seen Hoseok thrive in such a large group of people. He had assumed Hoseok was as lonely as Taehyung was back in his human camp—and he soon realised he knew nothing about human Hoseok save for the dreary chores he did and the abuse of his father. For Hoseok wove right into the midst of the Fae, and soon—it looked like he had never been human at all.Only Taehyung knew it, and he had sworn he would keep it secret until his death.Hoseok began to avoid Taehyung—if Taehyung caught a glimpse of him and their eyes met, then the other would quickly turn around. Always, he was surrounded by another Fae female or male—laughing loudly amongst them, with them. Wrapping a casual arm around some of them as if it had always belonged, and when Taehyung saw that—before he disappeared—fear trickled into his heart where once it had no place.Hoseok wouldn’t be infidel with him, would he? They had promised to be each other and their love was true; Hoseok would never do that Taehyung.But as Hoseok’s absence from Taehyung’s life increased, the fear whispered louder in his ear. His magic, which once warmed at the thought of Hoseok, now trashed under the fear, a relentless scream to make him understand. He does not respect you! Taehyung shut it out, but the words burned. And when Hoseok stopped showing up to Taehyung’s home after the day’s event—the cold truth settled in.Hoseok didn’t want Taehyung anymore.But—why? He had done everything according to the book. According to his heart. He had earned Hoseok’s trust and bequeathed him with his own; so why wasn’t it working the way he had envisioned? What went wrong?The question drove him out of bed in the middle of the night, and he fastened on a thick robe, braving the winter chill. He could hear the noise of an ongoing gathering, somewhere in the Summerbourne House and trudged onward. Determined to know why. To find out for himself instead of listening to the voice in his head.He had never been invited to any of these gatherings—and that hadn’t changed. Maybe once upon a time when he wanted to know and fit in, yes—but circumstance had taught him he was unwelcome. Yet, standing in front of the House and seeing the mess littered about—Taehyung knew he wouldn’t be stopped anyway. He picked his way across, avoiding the broken goblets and the magical streamers, the pixie dust Fae would often use to enhance the senses—and found his answer at last.Taehyung had been disappointed so many times over his life, he thought he was used to heartbreak. But maybe nothing quite strikes true like the heartbreak of a lover who had left one in the dust. As Taehyung walked deeper, he saw Hoseok sitting on one of the seats reserved for the royal Fae—and he wasn’t alone. On his lap was a woman—a Summerbourne he recognised as Solar, giggling away and pushing grapes into Hoseok’s mouth. On the armrest of the chair sat a young man, who was kissing Hoseok’s messily enough that it wasn’t proper.And Hoseok, the man of the hour—was lost in the haze, laughing with them, taking in the grapes and sucking on Solar’s fingers while tilting his neck to give the man more access. His eyes swam with the effects of pixie dust and he was lost—Taehyung had lost him.What a damned fool he was.Hoseok noticed him. “Oh, look has joined us! Come Taehyung, a feast awaits!” Solar giggles some more though she levels Taehyung with a nasty glare, a challenge to see if Taehyung would accept.“What are you doing?” Taehyung said quietly but firmly enough, cutting through the dying sounds, the merrymaking. “Having fun,” Hoseok answered, spreading his arms and looking completely unbothered. Taehyung’s blood boiled underneath. “Something you never experienced, so join us and stop looking so sullen, hmm?”He sounded drunk—on wine or pixie dust, Taehyung didn’t know, but the words were cutting. “Hoseok—look at the state you’re in, and what are you doing with Solar in your lap—who is that man—”“Oh, piss off!” Hoseok exclaimed, having drained the goblet and slamming it upon the table. It cracked, and one of the servants came to clean it up. “All you ever do is tell me what a Fae should and shouldn’t do. You never told me about this. You never told me how fun it could be. Why are you starting now?”Taehyung felt helpless. This wasn’t how he planned a confrontation at all. “Hoseok, please, whatever lies they have fed you—”“No, you are the one who lied to me!” Hoseok screeched, stumbling up and nearly throwing Solar to the ground. “You hid me away from this, you never told me about this, and I have had to find out on my own. Is this what you promised I deserved?”“I didn’t know—”“Of course you didn’t because you are a lonesome, dormant boy with no dreams of your own, and wished to live through me!” Hoseok said, a cruel smirk on his face. Behind him, Solar and her band of mates laughed. “All you ever do is sob and cry about how alone you are—and maybe you should have been if you’re going to enter a merry gathering and be such a sod about it.”Later on, when Taehyung thought back to this moment, he liked to think this was the first time his heart truly, finally broke—and stayed broken. The hurt was unbearable, and worse was the cruelty in Hoseok’s eyes, the mockery on the other Fae—they had gotten to Hoseok, made sure Taehyung couldn’t keep even one good thing in his life. They had ruined Hoseok, and with that, all of Taehyung’s hard work.He could barely see through his tears when he turned around and ran away, hating the way their laughter grated on his ears. He ran away, uncaring of the way his feet split on the hard ground and carrying the tattered remains of his heart.  He ended up at his grandmother’s home, sobbing all the way. His heart burned, his magic panicking and when he reached, he thudded frantically upon her door, uncaring of the late hour. He just wanted the promise of comfort, a home.She appeared and frowned at the state Taehyung was in. “My dove, what happened—?”“I’m sorry,” Taehyung blubbered, falling through the door and into her arms. Her familiar scent of magnolias and cardamom filled his senses. “I am so, so sorry.”He was ushered in, a protective hand around him while she shut the door close. She led him to her bed and lit a candle. Then she sat next to him while Taehyung collected his breath. “Tell me what happened, my dove. I promise to listen.”Through stutters and wet hiccups, Taehyung finally confessed to what he had done—and he didn’t blame her one bit when she looked horrified.“Taehyung—”“I know, I’m sorry,” Taehyung said again because he was. He was a stupid, stupid boy who tried to outsmart magic for something as stupid as love. “I could never be sorry enough. But I love him, grandmother, and I just—I just didn’t want to be alone anymore.”Whatever she was about to say was kept away as sadness filled her eyes. She had tried her best to get the kingdom to see Taehyung differently but to no avail. “I know. I don’t—I don’t blame you.”“But?”“If only you had come to me, Taehyung-ah,” she whispered, rubbing at his tear-tracts and carding fingers through his hair. “I would have made you understand—transformation magic bears a heavy cost.”At this, fear began to firmly root itself. “What do you mean?”“The gold eyes? The lack of magic, but the presence of speed and agility? Your lad isn’t a true Fae. The Mother Goddess would never allow for such—abominations—to exist peacefully. What I didn’t tell you back then about the rite was that almost all transformed Fae succumbed to the madness of the transformation—for a human can never handle being a Fae.”Fear crawled into his mouth. What had Taehyung done? “So Hoseok is…?”She smiled sadly. Laid Taehyung’s head on her lap. “He is succumbing to it, my dear. He is no longer the human you fell for.”Taehyung began to weep again. Why couldn’t he have anything good in his life? All he wanted was to keep Hoseok with him for a long time, to let him know the benefits of time—and those ghastly papers had nothing about this madness. And now it was too late.“Will he die, grandmother?”“Not exactly—he would be a husk of his former self. But shush—sleep, and face tomorrow as a new morning.”  Sadness capsulated into condensed, burning anger.That’s how Taehyung had coped his whole life—the sadness was too unbearable, so he turned it to anger. Anger would drive him to keep hidden and quiet, and inside he would carry on, a wall of stoic peace.But peace was not an option anymore.When he woke the next day and his grandmother told him that was done was done, and to return the manuscript to the library as soon as possible—all Taehyung craved was revenge.He deserved to be treated better than this. His fate deserved to be more than this.The others had ruined him. Maybe Taehyung himself had ruined Hoseok as a result of his greed and possessiveness, but he swore on the Mother Goddess that he would take back what was his.Whatever magic fuelled Hoseok was a gift from Taehyung. He would take it back, and right his wrong.He assured his grandmother he was fine—but he had already begun to plan. It wouldn’t be difficult, considering how lost Hoseok was. How he didn’t know what the Fae were really like, because when Taehyung had been revealing his pain he had kept some parts hidden. He hadn’t wanted Hoseok to be afraid of him and end up running away, he didn’t want to lose Hoseok back then.What Hoseok didn’t know was that amongst all Magikal species that existed under the realm of the Mother Goddess, the Fae were the trickster species. With their magic and delusions of grandeur, the Fae were hardly ever honest. And Taehyung knew how to lie, but he didn’t like lying. He preferred keeping things to himself, so was that really lying at all?The Fae were good with trickery, and Taehyung’s plan involved just that.He bided his time, read over the manuscript, and made peace with his decision. Maybe Taehyung should have let it go, but his heart burned with jealousy and bitterness. If Hoseok wasn’t to remain his, then he wouldn’t belong to anyone else. With this conviction set in mind, Taehyung set towards the Summerbourne House, where Hoseok was last said to have been resting.The Fae of Qinyang would shift their gatherings from house to house. During the winter, they preferred either the Spring or Summer houses for their perpetual warmth. The remains of yet another gathering were stark against the white of the house, and Taehyung passed several Fae who were sleeping away their hangovers. He ignored them all with only one goal in his mind, and soon enough, he found Hoseok in one of the lodgings—with a stranger wrapped around him. He wasn’t naked, but jealousy drove another spike into his heart.“Hoseok,” Taehyung whispered, rousing him awake and coaxing him with a glass of water, holding the other’s neck gently. Hoseok groaned, and he looked devastatingly beautiful. Even with sleep crusted around his eyes, the transformation had done him good. “You must drink. And come with me.”“What are you doing here…” Hoseok mumbled, eyes barely open. His hair was all over the place and Taehyung resisted the urge to comb them down. “Go with you where?”“I want to right my wrongs,” Taehyung whispered, looking around for Hoseok’s robe. Golden, stitched with silver. Akin to the morning rays of the sun, which was what Hoseok had been until he began to set over Taehyung’s life. “I want to ask for your forgiveness. But I wish to do it alone.”Maybe it was Hoseok’s newfound pride or greed but sleep vanished out of his eyes, and he smirked lazily. He got up smoothly, nimble fingers fastening the buttons of his cloak over his bare chest. “Well, that is a surprise indeed. I was expecting you to run for the hills.”“I realised my errors and sought to rectify them,” Taehyung said demurely, batting his eyelashes. Hoseok only grinned deeper. “Will you help me?”The Fae were greedy. At least that trait had transferred to Hoseok, for he jumped at the opportunity, leaving pecks over Taehyung’s face. “I like when you’re like this. Silent and sweet and shy. A winter’s breath. Not whatever you were that day.”“I must have been tired and forgot my place,” Taehyung said, slipping his hand through Hoseok’s. They still fit so well. “Come now. I want to be alone with you.”And off they went, through fallen bodies and spilled wine and breadcrumbs. Through stumbles and Hoseok trying to kiss Taehyung, smirking when some of the other Fae outside looked curiously at the two of them. They greeted Hoseok and ignored Taehyung, and this was the curse of his life. To remain forever unimportant.Taehyung led them to their place, the meadow with the tiny wildflowers they had spent hours frolicking in. The silence and peace of it, the place that had started Hoseok’s new life.The place that would now help end it.He allowed Hoseok to kiss him deeper and led him to a spot where he had packed a picnic basket with food he had stolen from his family kitchen. And wine from the cellar, but nobody would notice it gone. Hoseok’s eyes widened when he saw the spread, whistling. “And what is all this.”“I wish to be with you for a couple of hours,” Taehyung shrugged, patting the blanket and sitting down. “If that’s alright with you?”Hoseok’s eyes warmed. Taehyung gulped, the rarest glimpse of his warmth, the heat Taehyung had fallen for. “Of course, Taehyung. It would be my pleasure.”Pleasure it was, for they giggled and kissed, and Hoseok’s explored him like Taehyung was another vice, and he allowed himself this one last time. The last time he would be touched so tenderly yet roughly, the last time anyone would ever want him in this cursed land. The last time anyone would call him beautiful and a gift from the Goddess, and he’d revel in it. He fed Hoseok cheese and grapes, then let him sip the wine—and kissed him one last time before Hoseok fell asleep.Taehyung let his tears fall before he cleared the way, and dragged Hoseok to a sturdy trunk, strong enough to bear what he planned. He tied him with vines, and marked the area with his runes—Hoseok wouldn’t be able to escape even if he broke through, and no one could help him either.Then he began to chant. The breeze burst forth, the trees swayed and in the distance, thunder crackled. Taehyung kept at it, and when it reached its zenith once more, he woke Hoseok up and tilted his head to slip in the truth potion.“What—what’s going on?” Hoseok slurred, blinking awake, and soon realised he was tied up. He began to struggle. “Taehyung? Why am I—?”“I’m taking back what is mine,” Taehyung said simply, as he opened the page and came upon the reverse transformation. Imagined Hoseok as a human and held the image in his mind. “I’m sorry I did this to you. I want to correct my mistake.”“What do you mean—Taehyung, untie me this moment,” Hoseok struggled until his eyes fell upon the spell-book, recognising it from his first transformation. “Is that—are you transforming me back?”“Yes.”Fear finally entered Hoseok’s eyes. He stared at Taehyung in panic, trashing once more. “No, Taehyung, you can’t—you can’t do this! It’s not right!”“What wasn’t right was doing this to you in the first place,” Taehyung said, approaching Hoseok with the spell-book. He really did look gorgeous, but it would all change. “You were good as a human. But as a Fae, you are nothing.”“Please! If this is about that day, I’m sorry!” Hoseok shrieked, straining against the bindings. His eyes burned gold in their desperation, but Taehyung’s heart was made of stone. “I am sorry! Please, Taehyung, I was drunk and not in my senses—”“And what about Solar, and Kyungmin?” Taehyung fired back icily, the image burned in his mind. Hoseok on the seat, two lovers on his arms. “Was that the wine, or were you bored of me now that you are Fae?”“I got too lost in the attention, I wronged you. I’m sorry,” Hoseok begged, tears falling from his eyes. None of them moved Taehyung. “Please, Taehyung, I’ll spend the rest of my life fixing this. But don’t take it from me, I couldn’t bear it.”Taehyung thought about it. Well, he pretended to think about it, but his grandmother’s voice guided him through. He would succumb to it anyway. He was doing Hoseok a favour. He would become human, and none of the hubris would stick to him. He would live a normal, healthy life with Hoseok and bid him goodbye when he was aged and dying. That was the way it should have been. Taehyung would correct it all.“I don’t care what you bear, Hoseok. Goodbye.”Hoseok screamed for help, but Taehyung didn’t care about patrol or any of the people coming by. He began to chant once more, keeping his human form in mind as he cast the spell for the transformation. He could see it so clearly—the grubby face with dirt behind his ears, the smile lines and the heart-shaped mouth, the giddy hope Hoseok carried upon himself like the world would be alright no matter what. As he spoke the words aloud and Hoseok’s screams echoed—Taehyung wished to go back to a time when he and Hoseok were magical, and all was right in the world.But his anger burned, and so did the jealousy. The redundant bitterness spiking up, the grief about losing Hoseok at all. It wouldn’t ever be the same; Hoseok would resent him for all time and he would fear Taehyung until his death. He would lose that happiness and hope, and Taehyung would only have pieces of him.He was young, and so he had not yet learned that magic was affected by the bearer’s emotions. That it was a part of him, and not something different. Maybe if he had learned it, he wouldn’t have been so callous. But as it is, he went ahead even when his magic screamed inside, grew into a pit so large it swallowed everything up. Taehyung was so lost, he didn’t realise the magnanimity of his mistake.By the spellbook's instructions, Hoseok should have begun retransforming back to his former self. Well, it said so for most objects, but the rule could apply to everything, couldn’t it?Hoseok began to transform alright, but it was simply—wrong.His screams had brought forth some people, who upon seeing what was happening began screaming themselves. Taehyung had erected a wall between him and the outer edge, and he kept speaking. But Hoseok’s skin began to crack, thin spidery lines that splintered like glass. His eyes not only lost their gold rings, but they also began to become opaque—pale milky brown. His skin lost its colour and his veins turned black, and all along Hoseok screamed like he was being burned from inside.Taehyung finished the spell and realised as he watched Hoseok crumble that he would never, ever have him back.Dust—that is what happened to him ultimately, the way he crumbled and the pieces flew into the breeze. The way he stopped screaming, mouth frozen open and the cracks increasing with ferocity. Thick black veins covered him all over like he had been poisoned within, and his eyes remained unblinking and open.Then he vanished altogether and all that was left was his golden robe, mixed with the ashes.“You murderer!” Someone screamed, but it was all so faint to Taehyung—who stared and stared into the pile, wishing it to reform so Hoseok would appear. But it remained there, and he trembled. Fear, rage, and despair. Hoseok was gone. Hoseok was dead.Taehyung was the killer.“Fae-killer!” Came the screams, as people frantically bounced against his shield, flickering as it was with Taehyung’s emotions in a tidal wave. “Arrest him, he killed a Fae!”“He performed the Dark Arts! I saw it with my own eyes!”“Don’t be ridiculous, he cannot perform magic.”“No, he did, upon the Mother Goddess I swear!”He killed Hoseok. He killed him, and all his hopes vanished like those ashes. When the realisation finally set, Taehyung collapsed on the ground—and with it, his shield.“Catch him! Bind him so he cannot do his Dark Magic!”“And to think he was hiding all along—”“I knew something was up with the boy, but a Dark Fae? He truly is a curse!”“Take him to the Cells!”Taehyung kept staring at the pile and the golden, ashen robes, and barely registered arms lifting him up, the jostle of people around, and how he was dragged across the meadow. His screams, when they pushed and turned him away from the pile, and how he had to keep looking, looking, looking—Hoseok wasn’t coming back. He was gone. Taehyung killed him.“I will never forgive you for this!” A woman screamed into his face followed by spit, and he recognised her as Solar. Livid and disgusted. “You vile, vile thing!”Taehyung simply vanished, and he was aware of nothing else.  A trial happened. A farce of one, because no one had ever liked Taehyung and they wanted him gone.The Elders had always hated him, save for his grandmother. She had been kept out as she was noted to be close to Taehyung. He heard her screams and begging while he languished in the cold, musty and damp cell, head hurting and a cut along his lips.Every day, they asked him how he came upon the knowledge of transformation. Every single time, Taehyung told them he broke into the restricted section and stole the books. He kept Namjoon’s name out of his mouth; that had been one, good person who had known Taehyung and befriended him anyway. Every time he said so, he would be slapped, his ribs kicked or sometimes the Summerbournes would send their regards, fire searing his skin as he cried and cried. Told them this is all he knew.
  How did you perform magic?

  When did you cast your first spell? 

  Who else knows?
He lied through his teeth and kept his grandmother out as well. I stole and cheated and begged. I practiced and my magic was ignited. I don’t know how it happened. Please, just let me be and give me my punishment.They would laugh at that.Solar came to visit him once, screaming and burning his flesh to the bone, a cruel smile on her face. You never deserved him, how dare you take him from me, she would whisper, and Taehyung would only whimper. Until the pain was too much and his magic lashed out, and he cast a spell on her so gruesome Solar ran away screaming. Taehyung had laughed then, through the pain and blood, and laughed some more when the guards visited him with their blows.The day of the trial arrived and Taehyung stood in front of the kingdom, limp and beaten, dragged through the cells. The King had arrived as well, a curl of disgust, and the guards mocked him all along. In the distance he could see his grandmother crying, begging to see her grandson.Taehyung didn’t care. Maybe he deserved this treatment and deserved to die. Maybe if he hadn’t met Hoseok he would have lived a quiet life, keeping his magic secret. He might have escaped to another land and left all this behind. But he didn’t and couldn’t because Hoseok did happen and he stole Taehyung’s heart and crushed it between his nimble fingers. Crushed it, chewed upon it and spat it out. That was what humans did, in some of the lands where they were deemed to be more powerful. Trickery worse than the Fae, cruelty, and violence. In Hoseok’s case, using Taehyung to get what he wanted—to become a Fae and escape his dreary, human life.Anger always came through, in the end.He only felt fear when the Elders questioned him publically and asked him if he regretted his actions. And he said no. He took back what was his, and it was only unfortunate Hoseok died for it. Mistakes happened.The crowd screamed; Solar’s mother cried about the curse he had cast on her daughter. Taehyung had smiled in response, and when the Elders decided to banish him—he shrugged. Isolation was what he was used to. He would never again seek company.Then one of the Elders wasn’t satisfied, and so came the Curse of the Stone Heart.Only then did fear broke through the stoicism of anger, as his grandmother screamed and Taehyung couldn’t help but plead at her for help. Not that not that not that he kept thinking, but the Elders smiled cruelly, and Taehyung was dragged away.  They shoved a potion down his throat, and Taehyung didn’t know when sleep came over him.He vaguely remembered being thrown to the ground, gritty sand scratching his face. The thunk of grates, the fire of the sun burning his eyes. The residual laughs and kicks on his body.He woke up once more and he was—alone.Alone was fine, but—His heart wasn’t beating.It wasn’t beating. Heavy, like it had been cast in stone, and it dragged down to the pit of his stomach. He wanted to wail and cry, but his eyes were dry. He felt too little, and it vanished as soon as he did. The anger was still strong, and as he faced the sea around him for miles and miles, as he assessed how silent his magic was.They had taken everything from him—and he promised that this would be where he grew, the most formidable Fae to ever exist—and make it his kingdom rather than his punishment.Taehyung had been banished, and with it—he lost his heart. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Nineteen|

   
Silence dots the air once Taehyung halts, the echoes of his promise ringing all around. Make the island his kingdom. Take back what was his. Jeongguk doesn’t know what to do with it. Questions swirl in his mind with the fear pounding away in his heart—but also, the ache nested nearby, a terrible bout of empathy followed by confusion twisting his thoughts into spirals—yet it all exists on a linear plane.Then Taehyung breaks down, and all of it simply vanishes.“Hey, hey,” Jeongguk murmurs, turning towards Taehyung and kneeling in front of him as Taehyung hides his face behind his knees, his shoulders shuddering with every heaving breath. The kind of sobbing Jeongguk had never expected from the other, for Taehyung was too proud and too strong but now he knows the reason and how he made the judgment too quickly. “Hey, Taehyung. I’m here. It’s going to be alright.”He’s not sure if Taehyung’s hearing him, but he takes the risk and strokes his back slowly, down and down and down as if willing the sadness to leave in rivulets. He’s still confused and the ever-present curiosity clamours for answers, but there is a far more pressing matter at hand and Jeongguk’s mind switches off to simply—care.When the shudders slow down, Jeongguk winds his hand through the nape of Taehyung’s neck, massaging the back of it. Muscles are stiff with tension yet Taehyung doesn’t raise his head or meet his eyes. Jeongguk understands—Taehyung’s tale has left him splintered inside, cracks disappearing into any and every direction. Where Taehyung’s pain ended and his began, he’s not sure anymore—but a part of him aches to share it with the witch.He attempts to pry apart Taehyung arms—the other resists, but Jeongguk keeps going, assuring Taehyung in soft murmurs since that’s all he can do, and finally, with a gentle push—lifts Taehyung’s head up. Fingers pressed under his jaw, his heart stuttering when he sees Taehyung’s face and the tear tracks on his skin, his eyelashes clumped and eyes brown and fractured. Common brown, the way Taehyung had described, but to Jeongguk they are beautiful. Maybe it’s the want and desire and ache all mingled up inside, but they’re gorgeous, and he can’t believe Taehyung’s people hated them. Mocked him for it.“I’m here. See? I’m still here,” Jeongguk says, so close to Taehyung with his knees pressed to Taehyung’s shins. The feel of velvet robe on his crumpled linen. “I don’t judge you, I won’t even now. So, please don’t hide.”Taehyung is mute, broken hope in his eyes and his red nose quivering. Jeongguk had seen a tear or two escape once or twice, but he wonders if the Curse Taehyung talked about—though he never described it in detail, just that it scared him to the bone—plays a role in how often Taehyung feels anything at all.“I killed him,” Taehyung utters brokenly and a fresh wave of tears join their brethren. “I didn’t mean to, I promise. I never hated him enough. I had just wanted him back, to fix him—but I killed him.”“You didn’t know better, Taehyung,” Jeongguk says helplessly, fingers through Taehyung’s soft black hair—he wonders where the bright blue went— as he presses closer but makes sure to leave enough space. “You were young and untested. You just—you wanted to be loved. You didn’t know how it would pan out.”“I made a stupid, reckless mistake,” Taehyung sobs, pressing the heel of his palms into his eyes. “I—I loved him so much, and he was mine so I was also—selfish. Possessive. I couldn’t handle it when he left me. I punished him for my inability to share.”“But that’s the thing—you didn’t have to share. He entered your world knowing the risks, and he lost himself to the change,” Jeongguk counters. A cacophony of anger and despair clamour inside his head. He takes a leap and edges closer, holding Taehyung in his palms and gazing at him. Drive the message inside if need be. “You could think of a thousand what-ifs but you must understand that you were young. You told me Hoseok wanted to be Fae as badly as you, so it was also his choice, wasn’t it? He could have said no. He could have—” Jeongguk pauses, takes a breath. He has to be calm for Taehyung. “I’m not the brightest, based on my choices so far but…one cannot blame only themselves. You can own up to the choices, but certain things are out of our control.”Taehyung says nothing, only blinks away fresh tears. He looks away but doesn’t push Jeongguk or say anything about being touched like this.Jeongguk tries again, though nothing gets through a grief-addled mind. “You deserve better. Even if you made a mistake in haste, you still deserve better. So I’m sorry you suffered the way you did.”Taehyung mouth trembles, tears flowing down and meeting at the bridge of his nose. He sniffles, and he’s all red but to Jeongguk it looks holy like he’s meeting another facet of him. A more honest, vulnerable one. He shouldn’t be gleeful about it but a part of him crows that he’s there for Taehyung. All this time he has been so alone, so isolated—but Jeongguk is there now.Maybe eternity is not all that bad, after all. Not when it’s like this.Taehyung tries to stave off his tears, but when his face crumples Jeongguk leans in and lets Taehyung’s head fall onto his shoulder, nose pressed against the hollow of his throat. His heart beats faster, and he’s sure Taehyung can tell but at this moment, it hardly matters.“You’re both like him and not like him at all,” Taehyung murmurs, the movement of his lips against Jeongguk’s throat like the burn of ash on skin. “Every human who I met after him was supposed to be terrible. But you aren’t and it hurts.”It hurts to hear as well, but Jeongguk remains quiet, stroking Taehyung’s hair. It reminds him of his mother comforting him or when Jimin would baby him too much after a fall. He knows it helps, especially for someone so unused to touch as Taehyung. “How so?”“Because you’re kind and you laugh easily, and you seem unafraid,” Taehyung recites as if he has kept these notes of Jeongguk in his pockets. “Hoseok was too. He was incredible as a human, and then he—then his true form appeared. Being turned into Fae does that, unlocks the darkest aspects humans hide. Even the looters, pirates, and merchants claiming to be good—most of them never were. Rotten even, so I thought it was a human fallacy to be terrible and lie about being good.”It makes sense. The constant confirmation of humans’ greed in addition to everything Taehyung had experienced when young. And the isolation, so Taehyung never felt the need to change his mind about Jeongguk’s kind. “And have I cheated you off your goodwill?”Taehyung shakes his head fiercely, his hair scraping the skin under Jeongguk’s chin. It feels too close. It’s not close enough. “No, and it scares me because when will you change, Jeongguk? When does the ball drop? What if I stop expecting, and then—then you appear?”The fear in Taehyung’s voice, the strains of mistrust pierce Jeongguk everywhere. Yet, he can’t fault the other. “The fear is normal. Humans haven’t been kind to you—and I didn’t understand you better either. The counter to that, however, is—what if there is nothing under the surface?” It’s a gamble. If someone asked Jeongguk to think and counter his thoughts, he would laugh them off. But he had to try. “Would you keep niggling until something does happen, so you can feel comforted knowing you were right?”Taehyung is quiet at that, and Jeongguk hopes he wasn’t too harsh. He lets Taehyung breathe instead, allows him to collect his thoughts because truth be told, he doesn’t know what he’s saying is right or if it makes sense.Then Taehyung pulls back, something fierce yet broken in his eyes as he clutches at Jeongguk’s shoulder, grip painful and nails digging into his flesh. “Then tell me you’re not like him. That you’re nothing like him.”Jeongguk pries away Taehyung’s hands and holds them in his own. Rubs circles into them, the way some of his past lovers had done in the brief moments Jeongguk allowed himself to be cared for. “I don’t know Hoseok to show you that, for I am not him. But I am human, and all along, inspite of the fear and hate and anger—I also understood you to be kind. You have kept me fed and clothed and answered all my questions even when you reached your limit. I admire and respect that. And I hope that’s enough for you to see that I care.”Taehyung blinks. “But so did Hoseok—”“You knew each other a short while,” Jeongguk cuts in, hating how he’s being compared to some person in the past. He’s always fiercely prided being his own person. “I don’t know how long I’ve been here, since you said time passes differently—but I feel we have understood each other to a large extent. You are no longer the same young boy of seventeen, and I am an adult as well. Don’t we owe it to ourselves to become free from our pasts?”Taehyung remains taciturn, and Jeongguk resumes playing with his fingers. The witch doesn’t pull away and it comforts Jeongguk, knowing he must be doing something right.“You’re right,” he murmurs after a while, staring at their joined hands. “You—you learned to understand me even though I made living miserable for you.”Jeongguk smiles. “At least you admit it. That speaks volumes about you already. And if it helps—I do and have forgiven you for our conflicts of the past. Truly.”“I didn’t want to harm you after a while.”“I understood from the healing magic,” Jeongguk says lightly, and Taehyung smiles weakly. His eyes are red and so is his nose. It is too endearing for Jeongguk to bear. “Would you like to go inside?”Taehyung blinks in surprise, the surroundings catching up to him—and nods. He doesn’t make a move, however, and so Jeongguk springs up, gently helping him up and holding him when his knees shake. His mind is still screaming and there are questions galore, but for once—all that can wait.It’s a first for Jeongguk to open the door to the cottage and help Taehyung enter his home, a home that Jeongguk’s slowly come to like as his own. It’s selfish and childish, but a part of him already likens the idea of being here with Taehyung and learning to appreciate his new life. To learn more of each other.He’s never explored the cottage beyond the kitchen and the one instance where he went to the cellar with Taehyung, to see all his spoils of shipwrecks across time. He understands now the distrust towards the humans, the ones who claimed to want Taehyung or his riches, who attempted to harm the witch—never realising the lair they had entered. He now understands the transformations, since Taehyung had assumed all humans were ultimately greedy and selfish and turned them into some of the most disgusting animals that existed.Jeongguk still doesn’t comprehend it, his human heritage empathising with the humans as well as being disgusted by them. He empathises with the allure of a myth and the promise of riches but hates the need to conquer a person—whether they be humans or Fae.Taehyung walks with him, guiding him to a section of the cottage hidden away from the view of the kitchen with heavy curtains and a clutter of vessels placed sporadically. Jeongguk, for all his curiosity, had never sought to explore Taehyung’s space beyond, and now as the witch pushes aside the curtains and Jeongguk enters, at last, he wishes he had done just that.Taehyung’s bedchamber—for he assumes that’s what it is—is a study in comfort and beauty. In a low-lying cot surrounded by white gossamer, and placed right next to a large window—Jeongguk wonders how Taehyung could leave this slice of peace. The sound of crashing waves a natural lullaby and the comfort of whiling away endless time—Jeongguk would have never moved.It’s a good thing he wasn’t the witch. He would have been looted a long time ago simply due to his laziness.He walks Taehyung to his bed, making sure the other settles down before waiting around awkwardly, the silence too loud for him to feel comfortable. The sense of invading Taehyung’s space gathers in the hollow pockets of his chest and Jeongguk wrings his hands together fretfully while Taehyung pats his bed down mindlessly.“This is lovely,” Jeongguk murmurs after a while, itching to fill the loud quiet with anything at all. Around Taehyung’s window are hanging pots overflowing with little vines and herbs, their scent heavenly. He notes the rosemary and the moonflower, and the sprigs of lavender too. The moon is a steady stream through the open window, and the sea breeze flowing in is constant.“It is home,” Taehyung says listlessly, still sitting in his robes with his shoulders curved inward. His eyes droop and yet, they seem on the verge of tears. Had the Curse not allowed Taehyung to weep at all before? “It makes do.”He hated the hopelessness tainting his speech. But Jeongguk couldn’t do anything. “Would you be alright then?” Jeongguk enquires, helpless and his feet jumping. “Do you need help?”Taehyung shakes his head no—then shifts into nodding. “I—this is humiliating to ask, but could you help me to bed? My knees don’t seem to obey me.”“Right,” Jeongguk says, stepping close. The breeze against his heated skin, the collar of his shirt damp with Taehyung’s tears. “Um, what do I do?”“Just stay for a moment,” Taehyung says, and then proceeds to untie his robe. Robe Jeongguk has only seen removed once. “I rarely ever sleep with my robe on.”“It must get hot during sleep,” Jeongguk comments, trying not to panic. This isn’t the right time to deviate. “It does seem rather thick.”“I made it out of a stack of cloth a merchant had brought along,” Taehyung says, fingers tangling into the lattice, the thread all knotted. “Since I don’t get hot or cold, I loved the feel of it. I’ve had it ever since.”“You don’t know since when?” Jeongguk asks, eyes trained on Taehyung fingers and his mind screaming at him. His gut is screaming something else entirely but he refuses to entertain the thought. “It’s beautiful.”“So you have said,” Taehyung smiles, then frowns, his lower lip turning down as he picks apart the knot. “Goodness, this always happens. Just when I need things to work—”“Why don’t you use magic?” Jeongguk blurts out. He needs Taehyung to be done with his task fast so he can leave and breathe away the heat under his skin. Maybe dump cold water all over himself.Taehyung freezes before a sheepish smile appears. “My magic doesn’t work well when I am too…emotional. Either drained or overwhelmed. It is a mistake I’ve learnt not to make again.”Ah, because Taehyung’s heightened emotions had messed with Hoseok’s transformation, and he accidentally killed the man. Not his fault and yet, somehow entirely his fault.“Do you need my help?” Jeongguk offers, even as he slaps himself mentally. He doesn’t want Taehyung to misunderstand his intentions, especially when the other raises an eyebrow. “I mean—because I have untied knots on netting ropes. It’s fairly easy.”Taehyung stares before snorting weakly. “A human to the rescue.” He lets go of the strings, a knotted mess now. “Have at it then.”Jeongguk knows he doesn’t mean anything else, but his mind can’t help but misconstrue the sentence. Have at it, like Taehyung isn’t leaning back slightly with his hands supporting his frame like he doesn’t look akin to a predator in the moonlight, his lavender, and sage all around them. Jeongguk gulps, stepping close and tracing the strings feather-soft. He can’t see well, however, and so—“Would you mind turning around? Towards the moon, so I can see better,” Jeongguk requests, his voice controlled. He cannot let his body betray him now.“Humans and their little weaknesses,” Taehyung croons, and Jeongguk’s ears burn hot. How the witch, who still looks weak, weary, and blue, has it in him to tease Jeongguk as if all his control is to no avail—is a mystery. “I don’t mean that poorly. Does this help?”Taehyung’s turned sideways, and it does help since the moon shines. Also highlights the hollow of his throat and each gulp he takes. The sliver of skin under the robe driving Jeongguk insane. “Yes. It helps.”He presses close to the bed and leans in a little, trying to figure out where the knot starts and where it ends. Until he bumps heads with Taehyung and reels back, apologies on his lips. Taehyung laughs.“Sit down, it’ll help you better,” Taehyung says, patting the space beside him. Jeongguk tries not to read into it, recalling when he was sixteen and just exploring his youth, when little girls and boys would shyly invite him to their homes or the sheds and they would both hesitate yet ache to taste each other. But Taehyung is a witch and Jeongguk is his guest (not his prisoner) and they can’t. They shouldn’t.Even if Taehyung had loved a human before and lived to regret it, and even if Jeongguk nearly threw all cards to the Fates when he leaned in to taste Taehyung—that was a long time back. It wasn’t right to revisit it, even though Jeongguk’s gut vehemently disagreed.Jeongguk can’t let Taehyung know, however, so he sits down gingerly right on the edge, afraid of invading too much. It is much better and allows him to be at level with Taehyung without bumping heads. It also places him closer to the witch and the enticing hollow of his throat. Jeongguk struggles to keep his eyes on his task, and only his focus allows him to detach himself. Partly.Once he identifies the origin, it is fairly easy to pick through the threads, the scraping of his nail against the tightly bound ones, and how his little finger jumps when it accidentally brushes against Taehyung’s neck. How all along, he can sense Taehyung gazing at him with their breaths heavy in the silence of the room. The distant chirp of the birds joining the calls of the ocean and the occasional screech of the sirens. Jeongguk breathes through it all, refuses to cater to the heat curling in his gut, and how Taehyung’s lavender scent is more pronounced at night. It tickles the back of his nose and the scent collects on his tongue, and it is—a struggle.But he manages with sheer will, sighing in relief when the knot comes apart at last—though the relief is short-lived, for the robe falls away, exposing the skin underneath and the thin tunic Taehyung prefers to wear. The one Jeongguk had seen him in earlier, drenched by the sea. It doesn’t help, but he cannot give in to his vilest thoughts. He is better than that.“It’s done,” Jeongguk says, still ogling at the column of Taehyung’s throat. “You can—you can remove the robe.”“I most certainly can,” Taehyung murmurs, his tone nearly teasing. But how can it be, he was so miserable earlier. “My eyes are up here.”Jeongguk’s gaze snaps upward, and he catches Taehyung smiling wickedly. “I am aware of that.”“So you can look at me, you know,” Taehyung says, tilting his head. “Or was my tale so sordid you can’t meet my eyes anymore?”“N-nothing like that,” Jeongguk stutters. Is Taehyung doing this deliberately? Or is Jeongguk reading too much into it? “I still see you the same. More empathy, however.”“I am touched, truly,” Taehyung insists, his tone honest. Then he reaches for his robe and pulls it overhead, and suddenly—Jeongguk is faced with too much skin. Too transparent fabric. His scent pours out even more. “Thank you for your assistance.”This is all too much. If Jeongguk opens his mouth, he will scream.Instead, he makes to move away, leaving Taehyung to himself. The faster he escapes this inferno he drove himself into the better it would be for his mind and his body. Shame chases him at his heels, his trousers feeling tight.A hand catches hold of his wrist and Jeongguk stumbles back. When he turns, Taehyung is looking at him imploringly, fingers caught loosely around him. He looks absolutely ethereal in the moonlight, the soft silver contrasting with the pale blue tunic.“Could you stay?” Taehyung asks, his voice equally as soft as his look, eyes wide and—and scared, perhaps, though he was fine mere moments ago. Jeongguk gulps and he wants to say no, should say no if he wants to do the right thing but it is caught in his throat. “Please. I—I don’t know if I can be alone. Or if I—want to.”How could Jeongguk deny him? He could, he is within his rights to do so but then again, he is torn apart, one side wanting to soak up Taehyung and the other warring with that need, shaming and scolding him. He wishes to help Taehyung and yet knows somehow that the wish itself would be his undoing. A step into a course that would be a plunge in unknown waters.Taehyung has never allowed him to explore further than the kitchen, and so doubt is quick to follow. “Are you sure?”The other nods eagerly, scooting inside and patting the bed next to him. “Yes. But if you don’t wish to, I’d—I’d understand, and you can stay awhile until I sleep—”“No, that’s alright,” Jeongguk says hastily, even as he takes a step and presses a knee onto the bed. Soft linen dips and he can already tell the bedding is much more comfortable than whatever he had earlier. “If that’s what you want, of course, I’ll stay.”Above all, Jeongguk is a weak, weak man.They lay side by side, close but careful not to touch. Jeongguk doesn’t think he could handle that without doing something impulsive in reaction, so he has to maintain the distance if he is to remain sane. Saner than usual, given that he is on a bed next to Taehyung, and his lavender scent is even more potent, stuck to the sheets like permanent threading. The silence is excruciating even as it is interrupted by the chirps of the waking birds, the lull of the ocean. Taehyung’s soft, steady exhales, and how Jeongguk’s don’t match it because it’s all caught in his lungs. His hands are on his belly but they are clenched into fists. He can sense Taehyung’s palm nearby and refuses to touch it.Jeongguk tries to distract himself. Thinks of everything, anything—the sounds all around, the way lavender naturally relaxes him. Memories of Sunsong, wondering if Yoongi and Seokjin were cooking maybe or if Jimin was alright. What about his mother? Does she wonder where her son went off to, or if he’ll ever return? Does she hold out hope for that?And then memories veer off to his experiences so far, whatever he can recall now. The moment he found out he would never go back, that he was trapped here forever. And soon how the feeling of trapped vanished as it was replaced with hope, hope that maybe living with Taehyung wasn’t the nightmare he thought it to be. But does Taehyung feel that too? Does the witch hold any notion of returning Jeongguk’s care?His mind boggles with questions, questions he couldn’t ask as he tended to Taehyung. His story was oh-so-painful, reaching the most tender parts of him. To be neglected since he was a child and then to be punished so young…had Taehyung ever truly lived then? This Hoseok person was a victim to the magic Jeongguk had feared himself but was he the only person Taehyung had loved before he was carted off to a remote land?And the Curse…what was it, really? Taehyung hadn’t explained, and Jeongguk was burning with curiosity. Was the curse still active? Had Taehyung ever tried to break it? Could it even be broken?“What does your Curse mean?” Jeongguk whispers, the need to know too strong for him to delay. He knows Taehyung isn’t sleeping, even if the witch takes time to respond.Then Taehyung clears his throat. “The Curse of the Stone Heart… means my heart is a stone. Or hardened, so my ability to feel most things is grandly reduced to a negligible amount.”It sounds cruel to Jeongguk. He had always been known for being an open book, feeling too much and acting upon it too. Stray animals, charities, providing fish for free sometimes when the person couldn’t manage to pay the full amount. His father used to say he was a soft-hearted boy, and his mother said she adored that about him. Yoongi would say he was an emotional fool but would snap if Jeongguk berated himself for the depth he felt everything with.To not feel most things…“How do you break it?” He asks, and he can feel Taehyung stiffen next to him. The palm that had been idly scratching the linen halts.“I can’t tell you.”Jeongguk frowns. He thought they were past the need for secrets. “Is it because I’m not worthy of knowing—”“No,” Taehyung cuts in. Edges close to Jeongguk instinctively. “No, nothing like that. I can’t tell you because Curses are—they are meant to be broken unintentionally. Because someone came up with the solution on their own. If I tell you then it won’t hold, for it has interfered with the clause.”What in gods’ name was this nonsense? “What? That doesn’t make sense, won’t it be easier if I knew and could help you—”“That is the point, isn’t it? They aren’t meant to be broken, they are meant to make the bearer suffer a long time.” Taehyung sighs and Jeongguk wants to comfort him, or take him away from the pain. But all he holds is helplessness in his crevices. “I would have told you. But my mouth won’t form the words, no matter how much I try.”Magic is strange. It already irritates Jeongguk that every time he thinks of a solution, its vast rules come into play. “It angers me. As if you haven’t already paid for a mistake you made as a child. What kind of cruel people would take punishment so far?”He doesn’t receive a response, and Jeongguk doesn’t crave one for once. It’s rhetorical, because from whatever Taehyung told him the Fae were the scum of the world. To look at a child and cast him aside for not looking a certain way…Jeongguk wants to yell. He is once again overcome by the need to travel to the past and hurt those people. He hated it when people would bully anyone, even back home. To think Taehyung had somehow survived all that…It awes him. There isn’t any excuse for Taehyung’s cruelty thereafter, but Jeongguk thinks he understands the pain and what it does to a person. The need to hurt people back just as badly as one had been hurt. The constant allure of revenge and vengeance in one’s mind. Jeongguk has felt it many times, and he thinks it boils down to choice. What one chooses, and maybe choosing to be terrifying was what helped Taehyung—even at the cost of losing so many human lives.Maybe Jeongguk can learn to see Taehyung beyond that. To eradicate the latent fear and mistrust he feels about magic and perhaps appreciate the witch as he was, is and could be. Already, he had seen how gentle and kind Taehyung could be if he were allowed to, and Jeongguk is—“Taehyung, I think you should know—” he turns to face him and finds the other already watching him. He gulps, the weight of Taehyung’s gaze like its own rock. “I think I understand you. And if I don’t, I would like to try because more than anything, I think you just needed someone to care about you. And I…do.”He sounds stupid. What does that mean, care about him? Is that enough? He knows sometimes it’s more than care, sometimes it is hazy desire and hints of lust he struggles to tamper and keep quiet. But he cares too, and maybe that’s enough, isn’t it?Taehyung’s eyes are wide and frozen, hope leaking into the pupils blown wide, their darkness a depth Jeongguk can’t help but fall into. It hits him then, as they stare and the sea breeze filters in, the gossamer sheets and curtains fluttering with it—how lovely Taehyung is. The witch had said he was nothing by Fae standards, but Jeongguk begs to differ. The petal eyes fringed with thick lashes, the careful slim nose with the little mole at the bottom, and plump lips. Lips Jeongguk has dreamt about, wished to capture in his own. Lips Jeongguk would have had much, much before—not that he blamed Taehyung for pushing him away.There is hunger in Taehyung’s eyes, and Jeongguk is afraid to name it. He thinks his own might reflect because he wants Taehyung nearly all the time and they’re trapped here in this near silence, pressed close and the overwhelming lavender in his mouth and nose and skin—Taehyung leans in. Jeongguk follows—and his heart swells when their lips meet at last.When Jeongguk had been sixteen and courted by a girl in one of his navigation classes, he had felt his entire body quiver as shyness and liking both had a fearsome dance. The girl had been soft as a petal, giggling in Jeongguk’s mouth and he had thought he liked the sound of what kisses did to people than the kiss itself. They had not lasted, but Jeongguk had seen her with her husband and they shared cordial smiles. He had grown up soon enough not to cherish things like first kisses or losing his virginity, not when Sunsong thrived and its youth was free to explore. But Jeongguk, the emotional little fool, had kept the memory in his heart.Kissing Taehyung is like he is sixteen all over again, sitting next to a pretty girl on the deck and fumbling as they try to kiss better. And giggling because they’re terrible at it, but their hearts thundering like a wave crashing upon a boulder.The first thing Jeongguk can appreciate is how Taehyung fits. His lips are made to be kissed, and again, Jeongguk regrets not kissing him before even as his hunger comes forth and he kisses back, almost as if his body has a mind of his own. The way Taehyung’s lips are soft and how he isn’t inexperienced—which speaks for all his past experiences. But Jeongguk doesn’t care, cannot bring himself to feel possessive or jealous because his heart is in his throat and he is soaring.Then Taehyung bites at his bottom lip and Jeongguk gasps, lips falling open. Taehyung sweeps in and the witch even tastes like lavender, sweet and bitter and everything at once. How Jeongguk simply lets him be and heeds the heat curling in his gut, the tightening of his trousers—until there are fingers at the drawstrings of his collar and suddenly, for a brief moment, logic comes to his rescue.He moves away while Taehyung clings to him, their mouths wet and Taehyung’s eyes hazy with hunger. Jeongguk’s chest hurts with the lack of air, and he hasn’t known this feeling in a long, long time.“What—what are you doing?” Jeongguk breathes out, and they’re so close. Taehyung’s mouth is right there and now that Jeongguk’s had a taste, he only wants more. But he is sensible too, and he’s never done well with not being absolutely clear about the people he beds. Or is bedded by, whichever works. “Are you—are we—”“I can’t bear it anymore,” Taehyung murmurs, eyes falling to Jeongguk’s lips. His eyes are wet with fresh tears and his voice is full of ache. “I can’t keep being haunted by someone who doesn’t exist.”“But this—isn’t this too sudden?” Jeongguk asks, wanting to slap himself because he knows it’s not sudden for him; he has been driving himself insane keeping quiet but for Taehyung… “Do you really want this? Or am I just a fix for Hoseok?”“No,” Taehyung breathes, scrambling close and raising himself up. His tunic falls off one shoulder leaving golden skin bare. “No, you’re not. I promise, but you’re—you’re something more—”“I am human like him,” Jeongguk whispers. He doesn’t want to deny himself but he also doesn’t want to be used or be a replacement. “I came here to—to find you like all those other humans. I am not something great.”“But you’re not him,” Taehyung insists, his eyes blown wide and a tear escaping them. Jeongguk instinctively wipes it away, palm curling under Taehyung’s jaw. His skin is warm to touch. “You’re not any of them.”Jeongguk wishes he could believe that. He wants to if only so he can forget all the doubt and lose himself in Taehyung the way he’s been wanting to. “I don’t want to disappoint you.”“You won’t. You haven’t,” Taehyung murmurs, leaning into Jeongguk’s palm, eyes fluttering close when Jeongguk proceeds to stroke gently. He can’t believe he gets to do this at last. “I promise, Jeongguk. I know how to discern between the good and the bad.”Jeongguk supposes he can give the benefit of the doubt. “But why now? After so long?”“I want you,” Taehyung replies, and Jeongguk’s heart stutters. He never believed Taehyung could reciprocate, even when he had made the wild guess at the dinner earlier. “I have for a while. You were right; I was simply denying what I felt because I was…haunted. Hurt? Burdened by my own self.”“And you’re certain I want you back?”Taehyung snorts, mirth twinkling in his eyes. “Jeongguk, please. I have been hosting humans for years; I know the signs of someone lusting after me from a mile away.”Jeongguk’s cheek burns hot, and he must be bright red. To think he was as obvious as he had feared— “I apologise. I didn’t mean to be like the others, it just happened—”Taehyung scoots in closer, pressing against Jeongguk enough that he has to lean back. It provides a lovely view into the dips of his clavicle, his golden skin. “Never. You were never and are never going to be like them. I learnt that quickly enough.”Hearing the assurance calms his heart, the heat now swelling in his gut. “What is so different about me from them?”“Because you respect me,” Taehyung says, and reaches a hand out, tracing Jeongguk’s face. It’s a first for the witch to initiate touch. “You care and worry about me. You don’t think I’m meant to be conquered or that I’m a trophy to be stolen. You don’t seek anything from me. And mostly—even when you felt the lust or desire, you did not act upon it. It speaks volumes, Jeongguk.” A soft smile on his cherubic face, eyelashes casting long shadows. “I am not the same idiot boy who was taken in by the first human they ever saw. Trust me.”Jeongguk does. He has been for a while, now that he thinks about it, had somehow willingly let his heart bleed. Since the moment Taehyung had taken him to the cellar and he realised the facets the witch owned and how limited Jeongguk was in his perception. Taehyung is all those things he had believed—fearsome, powerful, perhaps a tad bit cruel, and fiercely protective of himself—but he’s also the one who speaks with his plants, refuses to partake in the riches he has stolen, and keeps quiet, keeps to himself. Jeongguk has had time to see both sides, and he knows the bud of trust has grown in the crevices of his heart.And so, he leans in and captures Taehyung’s lips with his, deeper than before as his hunger to swallow up the other takes over. Taehyung gasps into his mouth and Jeongguk takes all the sounds in, lets himself explore the pretty mouth, and—revel in the witch at last.He holds Taehyung’s face in his hand as he licks in, the heady taste of lavender sweeping over him. Taehyung kisses him back with equal vigour, small noises at the back of his throat slotting into Jeongguk’s memories with ease. It is everything that Jeongguk had conjured up in his imagination—and it’s something more as well.“I do trust you,” Jeongguk murmurs into Taehyung’s mouth as he pecks once, twice, and thrice, then all over the other’s face. His cheeks and eyes and jaw, feather kisses like butterfly wings beating to the sound of Taehyung’s giggles. “And I do want you—all of you. Whatever you give me.”“Aren’t you poetic,” Taehyung says, falling back with Jeongguk over him, fumbling once more with the drawstrings at Jeongguk’s collar, tracing his neck and the hollow of his throat, playing with his moonstone pendant. “I’ve always liked this.”“It looks lovely against just my skin,” Jeongguk says into Taehyung’s ear before taking the lobe in. Taehyung lets out a broken keen, and it goes straight to his groin. “Which you get to see if you’d hurry up.”Taehyung apparently takes it as a challenge because there are hands under Jeongguk’s shirt, scoping out the planes of his abdomen before grabbing the hem of his shirt and pulling it over Jeongguk’s head. It briefly gets caught in the pendant, enough that they both burst out into giggles as they rush. Even with all this time, they want to consume each other as soon as possible.“I knew you were hiding yourself underneath,” Taehyung comments, tracing Jeongguk’s form with a renewed hunger in his eyes. Jeongguk preens even though he knew. “But I really underestimated how much.”“Just plain old human goods,” Jeongguk says, though he loves the praise. He’s shy about it too, but he likes being appreciated. He used to work hard on his body, and that rigorous schedule had somewhat lacked since he was imprisoned here. “I’m sure nothing like the Fae or the hunks on this island before.”Taehyung rolls his eyes. “Don’t make it a competition. I don’t compare you to anyone.” He raises his head and presses a kiss. Jeongguk will never get enough of it. “Move a little, I need to undress.”Jeongguk does, then he regrets it. When Taehyung pulls at the string holding his tunic together, it falls away, revealing all of him. Golden skin, slim and lithe but corded muscle in all the right places. Long limbs, and below—Taehyung smirks when Jeongguk gulps, before clicking his fingers once—and all his clothes vanish, leaving him bare as the day he was born. Just more defined and less pudgy.“What the fuck,” Jeongguk exclaims as he takes Taehyung in. He had always found the other beautiful from his face alone but now… “What in the name of the gods.”“Take your time,” Taehyung says, laying back and stretching. Golden skin stretches taut beneath him. “I have all of it in the world.”There is a note of a challenge in his voice and so naturally, Jeongguk takes it up blindly. He’s a little reckless like that. He resumes the kissing—really, consuming Taehyung at this point—and presses down, down, down, past his throat and his clavicle, hovering over his—“I am going to take care of you,” Jeongguk mutters, lips brushing against Taehyung’s chest. The other shivers. “And I will certainly take my time.”Then he leans down and swallows down the nipple, and Taehyung breaks out in a cry at last.Back in Sunsong, Jeongguk had risen from the shy, sweet, fumbling boy to the most sought-after bachelor. He didn’t mind the title, loved the attention coming from the girls and boys alike, the way he would be courted or proposed in empty classrooms at the end of his classes. He adored it, enjoyed the thrill of staking out someone new at the taverns when he was of age to enter, and taking up the challenge of getting better. Jimin would often tease him, call him a harlot in the making and Jeongguk would only give a saccharine smile.Jeongguk wasn’t a heartbreaker, and he had his own set of rules. Respect everyone, back off when they said no, and leave if a potential prospect didn’t work out. His mother had raised him to be a gentleman, and both Yoongi and Seokjin had driven it into his heads to treat people right.And he did. There were rumours and whispers galore of the wonderful lover Jeongguk was, and how he liked to be loved in return. He wasn’t one of those people who were rigid in their ways; if he could give, he could take. He just never took courting seriously beyond the initial run, and would gently let people down if they expressed any desire to be with him permanently.The point being—Jeongguk is good at treating people well, and his time on the island hasn’t affected his skills.“Oh goodness,” Taehyung moans, as Jeongguk keeps at his task relentlessly. He’s still wearing his trousers, hard and painful and unforgiving but intent on pleasuring Taehyung properly. Taking care of him, distracting him from the pain of his past. Jeongguk can’t console people well, but this he can do. “Mother Goddess be blessed.”“Your praises should have my name,” Jeongguk interrupts, pulling away and watching the reddened nub, the string of saliva attached. He laps over it and soothes the sting away. “I’m doing much better than any of your gods could.”“Don’t be so insolent,” Taehyung snaps, then gasps when Jeongguk goes for his other nub, staking claim over it. “You’re going to be the death of me.”“Mm, I plan on taking my time with you,” Jeongguk murmurs, letting his vilest desires finally come to the surface at last. Everything he had thought of or felt, the nights he breathed away the hardness or ended up taking a cold bath. Every attempt he made to just be quiet. “I have thought about you for a long, long while.”“Tell me about them sometime,” Taehyung says, before pulling Jeongguk up and kissing him once more. Their teeth clashes but neither want to stop. “Goddess above, I love your mouth.”Jeongguk smiles. He turns around and falls back, pulling Taehyung on top of him. The witch’s skin is nearly burning but he presses close, holding him by the back of his neck. Hands in his hair. He pulls and Taehyung moans into his mouth.Then Taehyung’s hands scramble down, fumbling with the strings of his trousers. Jeongguk helps him even as they refuse to stop kissing, and then Jeongguk is—out and free and cursing in relief.“Well, that feels much better,” he sighs, resting his forehead against Taehyung’s while he catches his breath. The discomfort recedes and the sea breeze cools down his nether regions. “I thought I would wither away.”He doesn’t receive a reply and opens an eye, only to find Taehyung staring down at his cock. His mouth is open and it’s not a good image when Jeongguk is absolutely naked.“Taehyung?”Taehyung startles. Keeps gawking, and Jeongguk is a little shy. “I’m not sure how many times I can exclaim but,” Taehyung brazenly reaches down and holds it, Jeongguk jerks in surprise, hissing at the sensation. “This has got to be the biggest cock I’ve ever seen.”“Shut up!” Jeongguk says, because he can see Taehyung is both serious but also teasing, that sort of exaggerated humour that’s meant to poke at him. The kind that would be written in erotic literature Jimin would consume and Jeongguk would laugh at.  He can see the appeal of the words now, however, even if they feel shameful. “It’s not—please don’t stare at it so much.”“Are you shy?” Taehyung croons, stroking down the length and smirking when Jeongguk bites his lip. Spreads his legs wider. “I thought all this was common in your land.”“It is, but we just get on with it,” Jeongguk grits out, feeling a pleasant flush over his skin. Taehyung is certainly skillful. Years spent isolated on a remote magical island hadn’t deterred his dexterity. “Not drag it out infernally.”“Some country then,” Taehyung dismisses, increasing the pace and twisting it just right that Jeongguk curses in his mother tongue. “Not that Qinyang was any better, but I learnt quite a few things from the visiting humans.”“I can see that,” Jeongguk huffs, out, squeezing his eyes shut and letting Taehyung have his way. He’s at the mercy of the witch, he has known it from the start. “Of all the things you could have learnt.”“I had to make them feel welcome somehow,” Taehyung shrugs, face set in boredom. Jeongguk would be concerned, except he can see the light sheen of sweat on his forehead. “Before the poor things realised they trespassed and would never be human again.”And somehow, the casual admittance to torturing his brethren doesn’t disgust Jeongguk but excites him. They paid for crossing Taehyung, and the other had simply had fun before taking their dignity. As he deserved.He was doing the same to Jeongguk, just in an entirely different way.Taehyung is relentless and Jeongguk is at his throne. His body thrums with energy, locking in painfully as he climbs and climbs, unaware yet aware of every single touch, every silken stroke against him, the wetness and the scratch of Taehyung’s callouses. The way a moan climbs into his throat and then—a groan as he comes down. Jeongguk simply melts.Taehyung melts with him.His cock flaccid, Jeongguk senses the wetness on his stomach. Taehyung presses to his side leaving soft kisses along his neck and jaw even as he swirls a finger through the mess. Watches in a haze when the witch lifts a finger and sucks clean, all the while keeping his eyes on Jeongguk’s.He is a weak, weak man. So is his cock, which perks in attention.“Look at you,” Taehyung croons, tracing a finger over Jeongguk’s face. “You look so content. I never tire of how humans get, even when I know they would change or die soon.”“I’m certain I wasn’t human for a moment,” Jeongguk replies, skin clinging to the sheets and refusing to awaken. He needs to soon for he can’t leave Taehyung unattended. “I have been pleasured before, but—”“Humans aren’t very skilled, I’m afraid,” Taehyung says, chin on his crossed palm. He begins moving along the bed slowly, and Jeongguk belatedly realises what he’s up to. Heat travels down again. “They’re always in a hurry. And so selfish; seeking their own pleasure before anyone. I had to finish by myself so many times.”The image of Taehyung lying next to a sleeping human pleasuring himself comes unbidden to Jeongguk’s mind, and it only aids the reawakening. “And was it better?”“Obviously,” Taehyung scoffs, increasing the pace of his friction. He does it leisurely too, his face showing absolutely nothing. He looks at Jeongguk from beneath his lashes and blinks demurely. “I’m hoping you won’t disappoint?”Jeongguk hates how much of a slave he is to challenges, but he also loves the thrill it provides him because—Yes, he certainly won’t disappoint.  Taehyung meant it when he said he would take his time. Though Jeongguk had nearly pounced on him, the other had pushed him away and brazenly pleasured himself, hips moving frantically while Jeongguk could only watch helplessly, held aback by phantom hands.Phantom. Hands.“It’s a handy little spell,” Taehyung says, once he’s done and laying on the pillows, naked and covered in sweat. Jeongguk can’t believe he can’t touch him. To witness Taehyung in all his glory. “I initially learnt it so I could do many things around the island. But it works here too.”“You’re a nuisance,” Jeongguk spits, hard and wanting and frozen. He can’t see the hands, but he can feel them, similar to Taehyung’s but leaving a cold trail that raises goosebumps along his flesh. Taehyung giggles. It’s a side to him Jeongguk never thought could exist. “Really. No one has denied me like this.”“There is always the first time,” Taehyung quips, and when Jeongguk hisses as one of the hands tap along his inner thigh, he sighs in pity. But also hunger as his eyes rove over Jeongguk’s form, lips bitten red. “Let me recover first. Then you can have your way, alright?”The flippant way he says it goes to Jeongguk’s cock yet stirs the shame inside, but it’s the pleasurable sort. Like Taehyung couldn’t care enough, which makes Jeongguk want him more.Here he had been thinking Taehyung was sad and needed a distraction. And maybe he did since the distraction worked so well that now Jeongguk was ready to tear his hair out of his scalp. Maybe they could think about curses and tears tomorrow, or never, but for now—“Please,” Jeongguk begs, and Taehyung tuts, idly stroking his own cock with mild disinterest—but clearly Jeongguk’s pleading does something for Taehyung. And to think Taehyung was only cruel out of anger when… “I can’t bear this.”“Mother Goddess above, fine,” Taehyung hisses before snapping his fingers, releasing the phantom bonds on Jeongguk—and immediately crashing into his space, smashing their lips together. Jeongguk’s lips sting, but he doesn’t care. Hands full of Taehyung, content in this space—“I’m going to be better than those humans,” Jeongguk murmurs, kissing along his ear and neck. Taehyung snorts into his shoulder. “No, really. I’d be the best.”“As long as you show up for it,” Taehyung murmurs, throwing his head back as Jeongguk rolls the lobe between his teeth. “I don’t care either way.”  Neither are surprised that they are fast after that. Their patience is stretched too thin for any of them to play games or delay the gratification settling into Jeongguk’s bones.Jeongguk has no delusions, even as he lays Taehyung down and resumes his ministrations, that things are fixed. Sex doesn’t fix things, even if it’s fun and pleasurable. He had heard of peers and classmates who boasted about it, but he’d never thought it wise.So Jeongguk is aware, even as he prepares Taehyung with oil procured magically and is soon three fingers deep, that the witch still holds wounds close to his heart. That when the night passes into morning and the sun greets their eyes, they would have much to skitter around. Jeongguk knows, even as he loses himself in Taehyung.He unlocks one more aspect of Taehyung—the loud, unbidden side, the one who threw his head back while tears leaked out of his eyes, skin slick with sweat as Jeongguk opened him up, muscle memory arriving to the rescue. The way his toes curled and how he sobbed when Jeongguk took him in, swallowing him all the way down without a pause. His scalp was tender with the way Taehyung pulled and pulled and pulled, and Jeongguk relished it all.How he relinquished the cock just when he was close enough, settling between Taehyung’s thighs and spreading them, pressing kisses along his sternum as he pushed in slowly, pausing to let the other breathe. Kissed away the pain every time Taehyung winced and then gasped with each press. When he sighed as Jeongguk finally pressed into the hilt, and they both simply stayed.He likes how Taehyung is, even though he’s Fae and different, how like this is he simply vulnerable. There is no difference between him and a human, speared upon Jeongguk and crying from it. Jeongguk’s pushed in deep, Taehyung’s ankles locked behind his waist as he pulls out and pushes in again. And again, kissing the back of his knee when Taehyung hiccups with each thrust, when he throws his head back and exposes the hollow of his throat. Jeongguk swallows it all. Watches the movement of his cock, slapping away Taehyung’s hands when they edge too close.He rises with Taehyung and comes down with him, enthralled by the sight of him coming undone. If Jeongguk were to worship new gods, Taehyung would be amongst them for the view is nothing short of holy. He wants to do something grand and stupid like make a shrine for the witch, and never stop praying.When Taehyung comes Jeongguk comes with him, thrusts erratic and frozen both as he watches the silence take over Taehyung. The way sound simply arrests itself, and only watching him is proof that Jeongguk took care of him. He didn’t deny him, and though tomorrow is a new day and things could certainly change between them—Jeongguk keeps quiet with him and stays. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty|

   
The soreness rouses him before he opens his eyes to the world.With each moment Taehyung takes to arrive into consciousness, the awareness of his actions trickles in. In the twinge of pain echoing across his lower back. The jut of his tail bone and his arse. The chaffing around his opening and his inner thighs; the strain in his abdomen when he shifts.Taehyung is familiar with these sensations from the times humans arrived on his island and when they lusted after him. When he wasn’t ready to be isolated so soon or be rid of them— Taehyung would entertain them, laugh at their jokes and let their hands wander. Encourage them since the touches felt nice after the weeks, sometimes years, of isolation. Taehyung couldn’t tell the time apart and so, his body would tell it for him.His magic is sated, nestled deep and warm as a curled cat on a window sill. It purrs in satisfaction. You were taken care of so well. As you deserve, as we do. The sun filters in through his open window, curtains billowing in the sea breeze. Taehyung is naked and trapped under Jeongguk’s sturdy arm, mindful yet detached from the residual oil lingering inside his thighs or the disarray of his bedding.He’s not certain how he feels about that, yet.But when he turns towards his side and appraises Jeongguk’s sleeping form—boyish and jaw slack with slight drool on the pillow, hair pulled in all directions and the sheet mercifully covering his lower half—Taehyung knows he did the right thing.He had to, if his plan is to work. Even though it’s the last thing he wants to do, and the last thing Jeongguk deserves. Of all people, he wishes Jeongguk didn’t have to be the one to be wronged like this. But if Taehyung is doing it for Jeongguk…is it really wrong?Taehyung doesn’t have an answer, but for now—he needs to clean himself, hating the feel of the twisted sheets and the sun burning into his skin. His skin is sticky and his thighs rub sorely against each other, and goodness, the crust around his arse—Taehyung makes to move—but he can’t, for Jeongguk may be human but he’s strong and his arm alone holds Taehyung down effortlessly. He doesn’t want to think about it or what it does to him to be taken care of by someone so durable. Taehyung loves that, loves to be cherished and held. If not that, then to be taken rough and fast—but taken all the same. He can hardly do the bedding, had lost interest in it a long while ago—and now, the reminder of it doesn’t help his already spent self.The night begins catching up to him the longer he lays there. As he trails over Jeongguk—he knows it wasn’t a mistake, not truly. Somewhere along the way, he had begun to want Jeongguk back, having sensed the human’s desire for him before he even came to terms with it. What Taehyung didn’t realise was how much he craved back.This chink in the armour was never supposed to happen. Everything was supposed to be about Jeongguk lusting and caring for him while Taehyung played his part to string the other along. But perhaps Taehyung played his part too well because now—well He is endeared by the sleeping form of a human and it aches him to move away and get about his day.Taehyung grazes a finger over Jeongguk’s arm, marvelling at how rough yet smooth the skin is. There is a cluster of scars and moles which Taehyung tamps down on the desire to count. To keep staring at the other and wait for Jeongguk to wake up. Instead, he snaps a finger and lifts Jeongguk’s arm gently, making sure not to jostle him awake. He realises soon enough it won’t be a problem since Jeongguk seems like a heavy sleeper. He burrows himself deeper into Taehyung’s sheets, smacking his lips and wrinkling his nose before resting. And once again—Taehyung can appreciate how young the boy looks. How weary too, if the exhaustion on his face is any indication.He assesses him only a moment—the golden skin, the tan lines stark around his collar and arms. Moles littered across his back, and the dip beneath his abdomen hiding his lower half. The swell of his arse, and how narrow his waist is—Taehyung hadn’t believed his eyes last night when he finally saw him naked. Apart from his cock, the sheer width of his waist was maddening. It had been perfect to lock his ankles behind.He hastily shifts away before he risks arousal and ends up creating problems for himself he isn’t in a mood to tend to. He didn’t anticipate this and now—he has to fix it. Somehow.His robe is cast on the floor, amongst the other items of clothing. Blood rushes to his cheeks as he picks them, slipping them on in a haste. Goddess knew where his tunic went; he’d only magically commanded it off. The robe will have to do.Memories of the night come back to him in scatters the longer he considers the state of his home—and it hits him again, how off-track he went. There was a plot, and the plan is still in place but Taehyung isn’t sure if he is. If he can stomach the weight of it and see it through.If Jeongguk is to leave the island, Taehyung has to fall in love with him. That is what his grandmother’s last note had instructed him to do. It had sounded easy—until came the curse of Taehyung’s stone heart. A curse he couldn’t utter a word about yet was somehow supposed to unravel all on his own.The only way to break the curse is if Jeongguk falls for Taehyung—and that is the premise of Taehyung’s entire plot. Make him fall in love with me. And to do so in a manner that wouldn’t trigger the curse’s secrecy clause.Taehyung tightens the robe around him as he leaves the bed-chamber for the washing room, pace stumbling as pieces of the night fall into the puzzle of his mind. Not only his tryst with Jeongguk but all of it—of speaking about Hoseok, a name Taehyung had never thought to speak of again.Taehyung halts, squeezing his eyes shut as his breath catches in his throat. This wasn’t supposed to happen. Taehyung was supposed to do everything else—the trusting and lusting, stringing Jeongguk along for the larger purpose of a plan but he was never supposed to speak about himself and yet—His body is shaking by the time he comes to the wash area and leans over the washbasin, holding the rim tightly. Refusing to look up into the mirror in front, to see the shame written into his skin. Shame and leftover desire mixed with the panic of bleeding so severely Taehyung isn’t sure if he’ll ever close up again.Hoseok. Taehyung squeezes his eyes shut as memories of the past etched into his skin. Young and lean, a blinding smile on his face. His mouth shaped like a heart, his eyes holding all of the world’s joy. Years, perhaps millennia, and Taehyung has never forgotten him, not truly. The way Hoseok wound his way into Taehyung’s heart and then ripped it apart, and all the time Taehyung spent hating him with every fiber of his being yet mourning him, enough that he had pushed it away into the vestiges of his mind.He opens his eyes and splashes his face with a tumbler of water, scrubbing his skin raw. Dark, limp hair hangs over his eyes—dark, for Taehyung had learned to hate his blue tresses. The mark of his heritage, his grandmother used to say—but really, it had only made Taehyung stand out in the kingdom. Remain cornered and mocked, a perpetual outcast.His reflection stares back at him, water trailing down his face and neck and into his clavicle. Skin marked with blues, purples and red, the throbbing sting of teeth. Memories of Jeongguk appear unbidden the longer Taehyung stares, trailing a finger over some of the bruises. Taehyung hadn’t been lying when he’d told Jeongguk he’d wanted him back—only a man wilfully blind would ignore how beautiful Jeongguk was—for a human, anyway. Jeongguk had begun working hard and had gotten back the corded muscle he’d lost in the initial days, and he’d proved himself to be quite the lover in bed.Taehyung snaps the robe shut and walks away towards the bathing area, refusing to think about any of it. To think about how Jeongguk had worshipped Taehyung, was attentive towards him yet let Taehyung have his way and how—He bites on his lip and proceeds to scrub the remains of the night, refusing to think in any wayward manner.It’s not the easiest task—as Taehyung washes his hair, watches the oil and crust slip off his body—he can’t help but wonder. He’d anticipated Jeongguk’s desire eons ago, had played a part in bringing it to the surface even. He’d made peace with it—Jeongguk is lovely to look at and Taehyung can do what is needed without the guilt threatening to choke him. It had been working out exactly the way he’d pictured.But then Jeongguk had leaned in to kiss him and suddenly Taehyung couldn’t ignore his past anymore.The water is a warm drizzle on his skin, pleasantly soothing away the soreness collected in all his body’s pockets. He kneads the muscles, cleaning out his arse thoroughly. He hates this part, the result of his trysts—the cleaning, the sheer effort it takes to resemble normalcy. Usually, Taehyung would have already sullied his guests’ food with the truth-revealing potion and watch them as they spilled out all their secrets. Then Taehyung would wish them to look like pigs, mutter the spell and soon they would join their new brothers.He feels none of the vindication when it comes to Jeongguk or how the human is perhaps still sleeping away in Taehyung’s bed, unaware of how different he is. How Taehyung’s worked so hard to reach this point.It’s the only thing that makes his guilt bearable.His body hurts more than the pitfalls of sex. He knows, as does his magic that recalling his past and spilling about Hoseok had broken something inside him. Taehyung had abhorred his past, hated the reason for why he’d been imprisoned on the island. The pain of Hoseok’s betrayal is still fresh as is everything Taehyung did after. He’d never meant to say so much—but Jeongguk had stormed off and Taehyung had looked into his eyes. Saw the wonder and anger, the bitterness at being shut out when Jeongguk had been right—Taehyung had been playing along. The boy is too honest for his own good—and maybe that’s why Taehyung couldn’t get himself to stop.Taehyung stares at the water trickling down his skin and allows himself to remember his old love.Was it really love? Taehyung doesn’t know. He knows it was some semblance of it, a youthful fantasy to fill the hole in his being, to convince himself he was worth loving. Hoseok had treated him kindly—and then he’d gotten turned by a transformation Taehyung hadn’t thought about the consequences of. It had left him an open wound. And Jeongguk…Jeongguk doesn’t deserve an open wound but someone who is as kind as him, as open to love—or perhaps not love, but the curiosity for life. To let it come at him. Taehyung is none of those things, too tightly wound and too fearful of trusting again. He is a broken man, a tainted being who had fallen hard once and stayed down, refused to rise, and be better. Someone who chose to blame his misfortunes not only on Hoseok but on any human after him—and it was only Jeongguk who had somehow broken through and claimed to be better.And he is, Taehyung realises, as he dries himself and puts on new robes, preparing for a brand new day. Jeongguk is better than all the humans Taehyung has come across. Of course, there had been certain ones that were marginally better but ultimately met their demise, Taehyung taking pity on them for their fate. But he’d spared Jeongguk—and now a part of him is glad he did. If there is someone who deserves to live a full life outside of this prison, it is Jeongguk.He doesn’t regret the sex—humans were hardly immune towards Taehyung’s charm—and yet, he worries if somehow they’ve ruined the camaraderie they developed. Taehyung hadn’t been lying when he confessed how Jeongguk’s respect for him in spite of the overwhelming desire he showed was a big factor in Taehyung letting him in.But with a new morning, will things remain the same—or worsen? || Taehyung is crushing herbs for a new potion when he hears the footsteps.His hand freezes over the pestle when Jeongguk comes into view—messy with his clothes hastily put on, shirt half-open, and trousers dragging. It traps Taehyung’s attention—in the morning, Jeongguk looks glorious.Whatever gods Jeongguk worshipped had blessed the boy with eternal beauty, and as Taehyung appraises him—the words dry up in his mouth.Jeongguk appears confused, to say the least, with his hair in disarray while he squints in the bright daylight. His jaw and neck are bruised like the kind on Taehyung’s skin, and inevitably Taehyung remembers sucking into it, tasting the salt and sweat and clean scent of soap. But more than that is how Jeongguk halts upon meeting Taehyung’s eyes and runs a hand through his hair, looking both wary and apologetic.His eyes move, however, taking Taehyung in with parted lips. It’s adorable, almost like a startled deer as they glide over Taehyung’s face and neck, stare lingering on Taehyung’s bruises. Straying helplessly towards Taehyung’s lips before he looks away politely. The air is stilted with their silence while Taehyung drops the pestle and crosses his arms, holding his body tight. Aching to run towards Jeongguk and curbing down the impulse at the same time.Until Jeongguk sighs and takes a tentative step forward.“Good morning?” Jeongguk says though it comes out more like a question. As if he’s unsure how to proceed even though he took the first leap. Much better than Taehyung.“Good morning,” Taehyung mutters, looking down at the semi-crushed leaves. The stain of green on the stone, lingering on his nails. What does he say? He’s never been here before, never cared for any of his paramours to worry about their feelings. They were to die so what did it matter? “Did…did you sleep well?”Instantly, Taehyung wants to gouge his eyes out in embarrassment. Did you sleep well? Is that a thing to ask? He can feel his magic chuckling deep inside as it feeds from his pain.Jeongguk raises an eyebrow and presses his lips together. “I slept…adequately well.”Mother Goddess, Taehyung wants to hit himself with the pestle. “That’s…good. Lovely to hear. I’m glad.”It’s glaringly clear neither wants to talk about why it went adequately well. How tiring the process was or how, hours later, the pain throbbed through Taehyung’s back and thighs. Taehyung refuses to look away from the counter, though he allows himself glances at Jeongguk’s exposed chest, the golden lines of it. The firmness and how they’d felt under his hands last night—He picks up the pestle and refuses to let the blood travel anywhere else.“Are you alright?” Jeongguk asks, stepping closer. His eyes are trained on Taehyung, shifting between his face and his fingers. Concern leaks into his face. “Do you—are you feeling better today?”He sounds worried. He always does and Taehyung isn’t sure what to do with it. How can a human care so much? “I’m good. Why do you ask?”“You spoke about Hos—him yesterday,” Jeongguk explains, carefully like he doesn’t want to acknowledge the sex if Taehyung doesn’t. It’s something he appreciates in the moment. “You shared something close to you so…I was worried.”He took care of you. He stayed for you when you asked. Even now, he is looking at you with so much care and yet, you remain silent. Taehyung wishes he could acknowledge it. Show his gratitude, maybe praise him for not pushing Taehyung to speak about it. Because he doesn’t regret it and he doesn’t want Jeongguk to regret it even if it was a favour for Taehyung.“Thank you for listening to me,” is what he says, looking up and meeting Jeongguk’s eyes. “I must have weighed on you more than you intended to, and I apologise for that.”Jeongguk’s eyes flash. “Not at all, that was hardly—”“—and thank you for—for taking care of me,” Taehyung says, cutting off whatever Jeongguk had been about to protest. “You didn’t have to and yet you did. Thank you.”It’s about as close as he can get to acknowledging what they both did without really talking about it. He knows it’s not the right thing to do, can tell from the way Jeongguk tenses before he nods, almost as if he’s resigning to Taehyung’s decision.“Of course,” Jeongguk murmurs, patting his hair down. Taehyung remembers running his hands through them, how coarse yet soft they felt. “You deserve to be cared for.”Then he smiles, something soft and sweet reaching his eyes. Tender, as though even like this he cares about Taehyung. Even if Taehyung is making things difficult because he always has. “I don’t—I don’t know what else to say—”“You don’t have to,” Jeongguk says, leaning across the worktable but maintaining the careful, considerate distance. “What you shared with me was the most beautiful part of you I’ve ever seen. I don’t regret it and neither should you.”Taehyung has always known words hurt more than anything else. His life was spent battling them and now—they hit him square in the chest in the gentlest way possible. It’s everything he’d ever craved to hear. To be seen and understood, really, to be simply cared for regardless of his magic or his pain. The ache is different from the ones he’s familiar with, a heaviness he can’t name. He tightens his arms across and the throbbing increases evermore, almost as if there is a crack in his—He looks up at the moment, meets Jeongguk’s eyes which are as warm as ever. The dark hair falling into soft waves, his nose crinkling as he sniffs the air by habit. He doesn’t have hope. He can’t have hope, can’t dare to even think that Jeongguk could already care for him in the way the curse begets. Even if that was the idea, he’s sure it’s a fluke. It has to be because nothing has ever worked out for Taehyung. Anything he’s ever tried has fallen apart around him with nothing to show but their wicked edges.And yet, his chest hurts, piercing through all the skin and mass, an unbearable prickling. His grandmother’s note had said Taehyung was meant to fall in love with Jeongguk—does that mean Taehyung loves Jeongguk or is starting to? But how is that possible? Jeongguk doesn’t—he can’t possibly—only if he does would Taehyung’s heart melt, and he can’t feel most things precisely because of his stone heart.Jeongguk grows more concerned the longer Taehyung remains silent, but Taehyung remembers all the moments, sporadic and in-between where his heart throbbed with no rhyme or reason—did that indicate something? Was there something more to the curse that Taehyung isn’t aware of?“Taehyung?” Jeongguk asks, breaking the silence and staring while Taehyung ruminates on the spot. The ache ebbs away as fast as it had appeared, though his chest still seems tight. “Are you alright?”“Hmm?” Taehyung needs to learn more. Hoping has always ruined things for him and he isn’t the naïve boy who plundered through all the good that ever appeared in his life. He won’t hope, not until he is sure. “Oh, yes. I’m fine. Just remembered an errand I was to run.”Jeongguk frowns as if he doesn’t believe Taehyung but nods tightly, eyes still roaming over Taehyung’s. Like he can’t help it anymore now that he’s had a taste. Taehyung would know—he doesn’t think he can help it either. || They walk on eggshells around each other—only it is born out of curiosity and fragile trust rather than fear or anger.Though neither openly acknowledge the way they fell into each other’s arms or bodies—there is an understanding somewhere. In the tender lining of Jeongguk’s eyes, in the hesitant of Taehyung’s smiles. It is relieving—because trust means Jeongguk continues to rely on Taehyung and remain close, and closeness means he will have some notion of continued care for Taehyung, won’t he?He knows it is working, the undoing of his heart—nothing alarming, but little signs here and there. Sharp pains leaving him winded some days and others when it’s a negligible prickling. A helpless, suffocating sensation each time he meets Jeongguk’s eyes—and they meet often these days, with the way Jeongguk doesn’t look away anymore. Neither does Taehyung. There is only silence and the ebb of waning desire.Taehyung can’t be too hasty with the curse. The clause worked differently—he couldn’t speak of it even if he tried. Each attempt had the air sealed in his lungs. He can’t hint at it or even write it down for Jeongguk—it had to be natural in the end. So what if Taehyung had woken the sirens in time for their dinners? There hadn’t been a guarantee that the desire they would unlock in Jeongguk’s mind was to be something related to Taehyung; it had all transpired on wild hope and mere speculations. So what if Taehyung began to seek Jeongguk out and place himself in the sailor’s path or allow him to take part in errands? It was nothing but a mark of trust, and trust was the only way.He tries not to think of how everything they did and learned had an ulterior motive in the end. He didn’t want to use Jeongguk; it was the last thing Taehyung had ever wanted. But he’d promised the boy he’d get him out, even if it was in his head, and really—humans were fickle beings anyway. Jeongguk is no different. If Taehyung’s attempts get the boy home, is the guilt really necessary?Leading Jeongguk to the patch of smeraldo had been an accident; Taehyung would have never put his life in such abject danger—except he had the antidote anyway. He knew that someone as wildly curious and impulsive as Jeongguk would give in to the trance of the flower. He didn’t want to but then, Jeongguk had practically dropped his desire in Taehyung’s lap while he drunkenly spilled.Taehyung likes to think he did all this for a plan. Yet in the vestiges of his broken, solidified heart he can admit to himself the truth: as orchestrated the events were by Taehyung—there had been something natural in all their relations. Trust could not be faked; to gain Jeongguk’s, Taehyung had to become vulnerable. And his vulnerability had results—even if the costs seem heavy in the end.Taehyung doesn’t want to use Jeongguk—this he is sure of. He had been merely nudging the other to realise certain things and fortunately, they had come to fruition.He remembers how upset Jeongguk had been when he’d asked if he was a replacement for Hoseok—and Taehyung will swear his life force on the Mother Goddess to deny that. Once upon a time he had thought they were eerily similar—but Hoseok hadn’t come close to a person such as Jeongguk. He had burnt short and bright, like the first rays of the rising sun—but Jeongguk is the muted light throughout the day, warm and consistent, the assurance of always being present.Jeongguk could never be Hoseok. And Taehyung is glad for it. || Jeongguk is kind, far more than Taehyung ever learned to accept.There is good in the human which Taehyung can concede to now that things have come to pass. Taehyung is notoriously suspicious about bequeathing his trust—it had been ripped apart for so long he had stopped. Yet things had been put in motion the moment Jeongguk had stepped foot on the island. In his anger, his curiosity. The pain he held for Taehyung when he found the cellar full of treasure, the softness with which he’d asked for Taehyung’s name when all Taehyung had ever been was the Siren at the Sea. A monster and a terror.Jeongguk might be one of the many humans who have come to Taehyung’s island over the years in a hunt for the legendary hoarded treasure—but so far, he’s not shown any interest in it. He learned of the pirates and traders who tried to have their way with Taehyung—and had kept his distance until Taehyung allowed him to come close.Though things remain stilted, Jeongguk’s compassion breaks the walls steadily. He doesn’t stop looking, but not all of his gazes are heated—sometimes Taehyung is caught unawares and there is tenderness so deep Taehyung can get lost if he allows himself. Jeongguk smiles every single time—and Taehyung finds himself smiling back, though a bit more demurely. He’s felt the impact of Jeongguk’s carefree cackles and how the smiles scrunch his nose.The sailor is an open book through and through—he hides nothing and doesn’t attempt to. Jeongguk may wish it—Taehyung’s seen the irritation and pain in the other—but maybe that’s why Taehyung decided to give him a chance. For so long Taehyung had sustained on games and trickery—and there is none to be found around Jeongguk. Predictable but in a manner that felt safe.To admit he feels safe with Jeongguk takes a lot out of him—and he doesn’t regret it, not one bit.  Yet, innocent isn’t all that Jeongguk is.Try as he might, Taehyung can’t forget the night they spent with each other. He’s been cursed with good memory—he remembers every moment, every graze of Jeongguk’s touch on him. The tenderness and respect driven into each act, the gentleness of each kiss yet how they nearly consumed each other. How Taehyung forgot for a moment that there was a plan and allowed himself to simply—indulge.He looks away when Jeongguk meets his eyes—but sometimes, he can’t stop. Allows himself to indulge once more even if it is at a distance and over table countertops, the silence heavy in between. Jeongguk is an open book and he’s not shy about it anymore—and Taehyung isn’t responsible, hasn’t ever been. And every time he allows himself to be lost, he recalls how Jeongguk took him apart and melded him all at once. He notes how Jeongguk looks like he wouldn’t mind trying again.Jeongguk manages to convey all of that with just a look.But that’s all Taehyung would allow himself for he can’t lead Jeongguk down the trail of false hope again, no matter how much Taehyung craves it too. It won’t be fair, will it, not when it’s possible that Jeongguk might leave one day and Taehyung will remain behind—it won’t be fair to let himself get too attached. Just enough for Jeongguk’s freedom and then, Taehyung can carry on. It is the only way.  The stilted quiet doesn’t last long. Taehyung doesn’t think it will, not after the time they’ve put into becoming—something. Companions or partners, perhaps two people cast off on a magical island together and hoping to be less lonely. There is an acceptance in there somewhere and Taehyung is glad when they bounce back from strangeness.“Can I offer some aid?” Jeongguk asks when Taehyung is inside chopping vegetables for their lunch. Stew, the kind Jeongguk had praised once. “I’m done with my task.”Taehyung doesn’t know what Jeongguk does these days and he’s afraid to ask—too anxious that they’d both speak something more than intended. He knows he’s being cowardly—it was simply sex, really, and it’s not the end of the world. Yet, it feels that way.“I’m done as well,” Taehyung replies but keeps stirring the pot. “You can help stir, however, while I wash the dishes.”Jeongguk beams. He toes off his footwear and walks in confidently, an eager jump in his steps. He stalls near the counter and takes over, Taehyung careful not to brush their hands. He still recalls the imprints of it on his skin and he isn’t adequately prepared.And just like that, they’re back to their semblance of normalcy.Somewhat, for now that Jeongguk’s back is towards Taehyung—he can’t help but observe him more. The broadness of his shoulders and the lines in his arm. The clench of his forearm around the spoon and how though Jeongguk seems large, everything tapers down into the narrow waist which Taehyung still can’t believe belongs to the same man.Jeongguk is humming something under his breath, a sweet melody Taehyung has heard before but never understood. He appears brighter today and Taehyung aches to ask him why.So he does. “You look like you’re in good spirits.”Jeongguk startles a little but when he turns, he offers one of his smiles. The ones that warm Taehyung’s skin. “Ah, nothing. Just finished a part of my project.”“The boat?” Taehyung questions. For as long as Jeongguk had been moored here, he’d never quite let go of his obsession with making a boat, a fantasy of escape. Though if Taehyung played the cards right—it might not be a fantasy much longer, though it hung by a fragile thread of hope. “Still at it?”“Thinking of it as a puzzle,” Jeongguk says, shrugging, He dips his little finger into the pot and sucks into his mouth; the image shoots shivers down Taehyung’s spine. Not here, not in the kitchen. “Keeps my mind sharp.”“Afraid you’d lose all your skills?” Taehyung teases, looking away from the finger and watches how Jeongguk adds a little salt to the stew. It’s easy to fall into banter with him and easier still to use it as a distraction. Anything but thinking about how Jeongguk had taken him into his mouth.“I find that my skills are still splendid,” Jeongguk shoots right back—only this time he stares at Taehyung, particularly his lips. His eyes move up and down at a glacial speed. “I received approval a while back. You needn’t worry.”Taehyung blushes, knowing exactly which skills Jeongguk is referring to. The boy might be respectful but he isn’t going to make it easy. And why would he, when he’d made his intentions more or less clear?Jeongguk is dangerous when he doesn’t want to hide anymore.“I don’t,” Taehyung mutters, grabbing the scrubber and wetting the dishes, applying scrubbing powder liberally. “Merely curious.”“Curiously concerned,” Jeongguk says, lips quirking before he taps the spoon against the edge. “Stew’s all done. Can I eat the leftover bits?”“Have at it.”Which, in retrospect isn’t the smartest decision because Jeongguk licks all of the broth and the imagery is horrifically arousing. Taehyung knows the boy’s doing it deliberately in part and mostly because he’s a child at heart.“I wish I could cook like you,” Jeongguk sighs after, plopping the spoon into the wash area and leaning next to Taehyung. Close, warm, and smelling of clean soap—just like the night. The night Taehyung wishes he’d stop thinking about it. “Seokjin taught me the basics but it’s nothing like your food.”“I learned through trial and error,” Taehyung says, recalling the days he would spend sometimes not eating, food too scarce or too charred to be consumed. “It took a while.”“So no one can cook like you?” He sounds like he’s teasing, and maybe he is. There is a flirtatious overtone to his words like Jeongguk’s trying everything to…woo Taehyung, perhaps?Taehyung holds his giggles in even as his chest warms. Instead, he huffs and rolls his eyes, swatting at Jeongguk lightly. It leaves wet imprints on his shirt. “What am I, a tavern bar-maid?”“Not at all,” Jeongguk acquiesces, leaning too close and too warm. He smells wonderful with a hint of wood polish. “You’re far more beautiful.”Taehyung bites his lip and keeps at the dish he’s been scrubbing for a while now. His fingers will prune at this rate. “Are you wooing me, Jeongguk?”“Depends on your answer,” Jeongguk says casually but Taehyung can sense his stare on the side of his face. “Is it working?”Should Taehyung encourage this? Does it play a role in trust and closeness, play into how the curse is made to be broken? “Perhaps.”“Well, then, yes I am,” Jeongguk replies cheerfully, pressing against Taehyung but not in a way that’s imposing. Brazenly confident and yet— “I enjoy it.”Taehyung smiles. He can’t help it, the way it tumbles out of his chest. “I’m glad this is entertaining for you.”“If it’s the only way where we’re not silent again,” Jeongguk murmurs and Taehyung snaps his head to the side. Jeongguk looks—not disappointed or regretful but hurt all the same. Worried, as if he’d pushed Taehyung away and will be alone again. But how can he, when Taehyung can’t comprehend going back to that silence again? He did enough the moment he learned about the existence of his curse.“We won’t go back to that,” Taehyung promises.Jeongguk keeps his stare before he breaks out into a grin and steps back. “Then I hope you won’t mind a little praise.”Taehyung rolls his eyes. Jeongguk stays next to him in silence. || Jeongguk wants to have fish again and Taehyung agrees to humour him.“But I won’t be fishing this time,” Taehyung warns while Jeongguk claps in glee. He recalls the last time, the moment Jeongguk had him trapped and nearly kissed him then—only it hadn’t been enough. Only that Taehyung felt afraid to get down to it in the end—he knows now why, but at the time— “You do all the work. I’ll cook. That’s it.”“As long as you prepare fish like last time,” Jeongguk says, skipping away and leaving Taehyung behind in the dust. Something has changed in him, a presence of carefreeness and joy Taehyung can’t comprehend.Watching Jeongguk fish is a pleasure in itself—there is a surety in the boy’s hand, the confidence of habit and knowledge gushing forth. Taehyung has observed him for a while—Jeongguk is good at nearly everything, and where he isn’t he intends to learn it anyway. A ferocious need to accomplish almost as if it is a competitive drive. Taehyung respects that, knows somewhere the need exists in him too—he never got the opportunity to try it out with his classmates back then.Yet when it comes to fishing—or anything related to the sea—is where Taehyung admits Jeongguk’s prowess. It’s satisfying to watch, the determined focus with which he goes about his tasks, the eyes sharp on the fishes flitting by. The rapid way his hands lash into the water and come up with the prey.It makes Taehyung want him, more for himself than for getting rid of the curse.“Are you alright over there?” Taehyung asks, letting his voice cut through his own thoughts, the dangerous tinge of desire. Jeongguk’s admission of wooing him lingers and Taehyung is torn between letting go and holding on. “You haven’t been speaking unnecessarily for quite a while.”“Fish can sense sound,” Jeongguk yells before he whoops, diving forward with a splash. They’re near an alcove similar to the one they went to the first time; Jeongguk’s trousers are rolled to his knees—not that it matters for he’s drenched anyway. As is his shirt, sticking to his back like a second skin. “Not that I can’t catch them with some healthy banter.”“You’re insufferable,” Taehyung mutters but he’s fond. He enjoys the confidence Jeongguk touts around. “Maybe the fish are tired of you.”“Well, then I’m sure they’d be happy to serve a higher purpose,” Jeongguk replies easily, turning around with a silver body in his hand. He grins, blank hair flat against his forehead, droplets of water dotting everywhere. Taehyung hopes he’s not devouring him with his eyes. Jeongguk rubs his belly, sighing happily. “No greater honour than to reside in my stomach.”Taehyung can’t help but make a face. He’s not sure over what—Jeongguk’s cheerfulness or the staleness of his ‘humour’. “That wasn’t very funny.”“You smiled anyway.”“Maybe I was feeling piteous.”“Maybe you can’t help yourself,” Jeongguk sings, walking towards him. He carries two large fish in each hand, their scales glinting silver in the sun. Sand sticks to his wet legs and in between the crevices of his toes; the creases of his shirt are lined with it. As he nears, Taehyung can smell the salt lingering upon him. “I happen to do that, you know.”Taehyung snaps out of his staring. “Be a nuisance?”“A handsome one, yes,” Jeongguk says, dropping the fish next to Taehyung’s feet and picking up a wedging stone along with a knife. “I am apparently too adorable to be hated.”He places the first fish on the stone and washes it gently with a tumbler of water. The scent is atrocious enough to make Taehyung gag and so, he snaps a finger—a breeze of lavender carries through. Jeongguk stiffens before resuming. “Adorable? Is that a wise word to choose?”Jeongguk grins, teeth sharp. It makes him look far older than he is and yet lock some of his boyish charm in. “As long as people can’t resist it, what does it matter?”“Maybe it makes you sound like a boy.”“Hmm. And maybe I like being one,” Jeongguk says easily, not taking offence. He meets Taehyung’s eyes and winks. “Boys garner interest.”“Men win it, however.”“Is that what you want, then?” Jeongguk asks, hands cleaning the scales rapidly even as he keeps his eyes on Taehyung. He’s been doing that lately—talking until suddenly he’s not, words heavy with meaning and leaving silences dense with—want. Awareness, desire. The hazy smoke of it Taehyung inhales all too eagerly. “A man?”Taehyung looks away first. His chest is tight—not with the clamouring of his curse but a different suffocation, the kind Taehyung has experienced only a few and far between. Something he both loves and hates. He chooses to kneel next to him, helping pour the water on the second fish while Jeongguk rinses the scales off salt and sand.“I don’t know what I want,” he admits lowly, softly enough that one wouldn’t be able to hear—but maybe he wants Jeongguk to know. “Or rather—I don’t know how to ask.”Jeongguk halts and Taehyung keeps his eyes on his hand. It’s a pretty hand, solid yet lean—an artist’s hand, meant to create. Odd scratches and tears along his skin, the red bumps of knuckles. His nails are shaped like crescent moons—pink and regular, worn away by constantly working. The tips of fingers are pruned from the water and—“Just say the word,” Jeongguk murmurs, cutting through the silence, the unasked question Taehyung is afraid to name. “You know you can.”Taehyung gulps. He knows what Jeongguk means. Not a question but an act. An invitation for Taehyung to accept, to cross and end his misery—and by extension, Jeongguk’s.He looks up, meets his eyes—and before he knows it, his lips are pressed to Jeongguk’s, their tasks forgotten.It’s different in daylight when the sun shines bright and their shadows merge into each other. A mad dash, as Taehyung crosses the lines he’s been trying to maintain and Jeongguk skips over so easily—uninhibited and free. How Taehyung practically falls into his lap, hands finding their home in Jeongguk’s hair as he inhales him in.Jeongguk nips open his lips easily and Taehyung lets him. He tastes like mint and stew, and the perpetual salt lining his mouth. He’s attentive and careful, taking what he wants but never pushing Taehyung. Jeongguk holds him as if he is fragile—a gentleness lining his arms even as they nearly fall into each other, Jeongguk pressed against the sand.How long as Taehyung ached to relive their night again? How long have they been pushing and pulling without knowing? Taehyung doesn’t know but now that they are here—he knows all his attempts to be moral were futile. It only happened once—and yet, it is already a habit.Jeongguk pulls back and opens his eyes, lashes stuck together with tears and salt crystals which he blinks out rapidly. He stares at Taehyung before he leans in again and pecks him on his mouth as if he can’t help it anymore. Warmth spreads to Taehyung’s toes even as he comes down from the suddenness of it.He finds that he doesn’t mind it, not really. He thought he’d be guilty—and he is, to an extent, for encouraging this when he should only focus on getting Jeongguk away—but Taehyung has always been a greedy little boy. He takes what he can and lets the Goddess spin the wheel.Neither run away from each other nor pretend like they hadn’t just given in to their basest desires. Taehyung’s skin is warm but so is Jeongguk’s; he feels streaks of it as Jeongguk caresses his cheek, forehead to the jaw in slow, languid strokes.“I know you think you’ve burdened me with your tale, and that’s partly why you keep away,” Jeongguk says after a while, pulling him in and speaking into his neck. Taehyung shivers at the caress of his lips. “But I respect you more. I hope you know that.”Taehyung closes his eyes and breathes in the soap, sand granules on Jeongguk’s skin scraping against his cheek. All of him feels ready to burst—this kind of proximity where he’s not undressing someone or torturing them is something he’s not used to. To answer the claim for comfort and to ask for it doesn’t settle well for him.“I know,” Taehyung murmurs, ready to sink into the embrace. Jeongguk is so solid beneath him even if his robe is steadily getting wet from being pressed too long. With the comfort is the familiar guilt, a perpetual backlash in his mind about using Jeongguk. Perhaps misleading him even if it is for the greater good. “But I think you’re too good to me.”Jeongguk chuckles. It vibrates down Taehyung’s neck and into the base of his skull. “I’m exactly as good to you as you deserve,” he says, pulling back and pushing away Taehyung’s hair. His eyes bore into Taehyung before he leans again, a soft press against his lips. Nothing like the mad dash of before but something domestic, like home. “You need to release this idea that you need to do things or be this—I don’t know, perfect being—in order to deserve things.”“You’re skilled in thinking well, are you?” Taehyung teases—though he’s touched. His chest is warm and throbbing slightly, a pain he’s gotten used to. He wonders when he’d be free of the monster of a curse so he can care for Jeongguk appropriately—it’s ridiculously tragic, how intertwined they’re meant to be.“Maybe thinking well for you,” Jeongguk smiles, tightening his hold on Taehyung’s waist. There is so much of him and yet, Taehyung doesn’t think he’s explored enough. He has to curb the urge to take him inside and do just that because he has duties and responsibilities. “You vanish sometimes.”Taehyung looks away, biting his lip. He’s all too familiar with the need to go deep underground and come up for air when it suits him but perhaps for Jeongguk, it’s worrying. The idea that someone could worry for him— “I don’t realise when I do.”Jeongguk keeps caressing his hair, tucking it behind his ear. He keeps wanting to touch Taehyung like he’s aware of how little of it he had when young. How outcasted he had been, how few approached him willingly.“I want you to know something,” Jeongguk says instead, pressing kisses all over his shoulder, his jaw. They’re meant to be comforting rather than passionate. “I don’t expect any favours from you. Or that you have to sleep with me just because we did it once, alright? Know that.”“Tired of me already?” Taehyung jokes, the words hitting too close to home. Was this Jeongguk’s way of rejecting him? Telling Taehyung he wasn’t enough?Jeongguk, however, rolls his eyes. “I don’t think anyone can tire of you. If they do, they’re lying,” he says, thumb stroking the side of his waist. He feels it all the way down to the bone. “I enjoyed it. Enjoyed you. I don’t regret it, but I’m perfectly okay going at your pace. Or not, in case you don’t want to.”Taehyung wishes he had a beating heart because it would have stuttered right then. “The other guests had different ideas.”“The others never deserved you,” Jeongguk says harshly, scowling. Taehyung smooths out the frown lines with his thumb. “Not that—not that I’m a contender but you must be afforded basic respect, how could they not—”“None of them were like you or thought as you do,” Taehyung murmurs, taking his time in relaxing Jeongguk’s face. “And they paid for it. They don’t exist anymore.”Jeongguk huffs. “Good. Because they didn’t deserve to.”“Ah, a life as an insufferable pig is a curse enough, don’t you think?” Taehyung asks, and Jeongguk smiles, leaning into Taehyung’s palm and inhaling him in. Perhaps his scent, which he was told was a combination of lavender and sage. His favourites. “And if I do want you?”Jeongguk’s eyes snap open and narrow in interest. Taehyung watches the way he gulps and how his skin heats under his palm. Easy, like any human—except he didn’t jump like a dog. “Well, you have me.”Taehyung smiles, keeping the promise away for later. Maybe if he felt indulgent enough. “Easy, aren’t you?”The sailor doesn’t back down. “I have my arms full of a beautiful boy and I’m supposed to hide my interest in him? Ask for something reasonable.”Giggles burst out and Jeongguk looks fond, eyes crinkling. They settle into each other again, breathing deeply. The fish is forgotten and Taehyung assumes lunch is the last thing on either of their minds. He simply wants to stay in the moment and not…think so much, but alas—even on an ageless island, thoughts are abound.“If there was a way out of this island,” Taehyung starts after a moment because he likes hurting himself. He always has. “Would you leave?”He’s not sure why he asks. Maybe as proof that he’s doing the right thing so it doesn’t hurt when something works out and he’s left alone once more with nothing but memories. Jeongguk pulls back, frowning. “Why do you ask?”Taehyung fiddles with the collar of Jeongguk’s shirt. “Think of it as imaginary. Would you?”Jeongguk bites his lips, looking away towards the sea and biting his lip. Taehyung is tempted to tap against them. The conflict is clear in Jeongguk’s thoughts—though Taehyung had been anticipating a quick yes.“I suppose? I mean—I would like to, yes.” It hurts to hear even though this is what Taehyung had anticipated and wanted. For Jeongguk to be free of this prison.“Naturally,” Taehyung murmurs, smiling—but maybe it shows on his face how disappointed he would be and already is for Jeongguk’s palm returns to his cheek.“But I don’t quite know if I’d like to leave without you,” Jeongguk says, smiling. The statement doesn’t sound like it’s been said as an afterthought. “So If I ever leave—I would like if you would come with me.”Perhaps it is better his heart is a stone for Taehyung is certain it would have halted right then and there. To know that Jeongguk had even been thinking in such a manner… crushes him momentarily knowing this will never happen. Taehyung will do everything possible to get Jeongguk out of here—but that fate is not meant to be Taehyung’s.He can’t crush the boy’s hope, however. Jeongguk already has so little of it, it would be utter cruelty if Taehyung smites it down. So he smiles, hoping he shows how grateful he is to hear Jeongguk’s thoughts and dreams. Hope was all humans ever had in their happiest and saddest moments. Their most terrifying ones. “Whatever do you mean?”Jeongguk’s eyes light up and he gently removes Taehyung from his lap before he stands up, holding a hand out to pick Taehyung up. “Come, I’ll show you.”“What is it?” Taehyung asks even as Jeongguk’s steps become excited. They go around the back of the cottage to where Jeongguk used to reside initially and had created something of a workshop for himself. It’s still the same, a smattering of tools and wood shavings, the incessant scent of wood polish. When they come upon Jeongguk’s project—the boat he’s been at on and off—Taehyung sighs. “I’ve seen it before.”“I made modifications,” Jeongguk says, uncovering the tarp and dusting it off. Beneath is the sleek boat, freshly polished and—spacious. “I was making it to pass time. Then I realise it was to remain a fantasy—but it occupied my mind, I suppose. And then along the way—I don’t know. It just…it fits two people.”Taehyung walks around the boat while Jeongguk fidgets to the side. The boat is beautiful—it’s hard to believe Jeongguk alone made it, even if he had help in odd ways. His mind catches onto the latter end of Jeongguk’s statement. “Two people?”“Yes,” Jeongguk confirms, biting his lip. He should stop doing that before Taehyung loses his mind. “I know it won’t happen but…I keep thinking. In a fantasy where I could, I would take you with me.”“And if I didn’t want to leave?” Taehyung challenges, hand grazing over the polished edges. It hurts to see where Jeongguk is going with this.Jeongguk blinks and then nods, hands behind his back. “I would respect it, of course. But I know you’re not…this isn’t your home, even if you’ve been impressive in creating one.”“Doesn’t hoping so much hurt?” Taehyung asks then, edging close to Jeongguk. He stands a little taller, back straight. “When you know it will never come true?”“Perhaps it’s not always about hope,” Jeongguk counters, covering the boat again. He smiles softly to himself. “Humans go through so much…hope is the only thing that keeps us hanging. And if not hope, then our dreams. Else it’s all very bleak.”“Your dream is to leave this island with me?” Taehyung asks, incredulous. Jeongguk doesn’t cease to surprise him. The boy presses his lips into a line and sighs, levelling Taehyung with an unimpressed stare. As if Taehyung is the ridiculous one for even questioning it…but why wouldn’t he?“When the sirens got into my head, you know what they showed me?” Jeongguk says at last, crossing his arms. His shirt is nearly dry and his physique is striking. Taehyung had always wanted to know what exactly the sirens had shown Jeongguk which had finally brought the boy’s interest in him to the surface. “I was on a ship. It was in the middle of the most beautiful sea, a brilliant azure. But I wasn’t alone.”Taehyung waits. Jeongguk fiddles with the drawstrings of his shirt. “Who was there with you?”“You,” Jeongguk breathes out at last, and Taehyung’s breath hitches in his throat. “I thought I was alone amidst the thing I loved the most. But you were behind me and—and you held me. You were free. And I know it’s not your desire but that was what I wanted most. Both of us free.”He can’t believe it. What had he done to earn this favour from the Mother Goddess, only to have it ripped away soon? “Jeongguk…”“And I couldn’t get it out of my mind—so I thought of breaking the structure down and widening a little. I know it won’t happen. But the vision made me the happiest I’ve ever been here. Maybe hope is hurtful but chasing it is still exhilarating.”Taehyung doesn’t say a word; doesn’t know what to. He’s touched for no one has considered him like this—not even Hoseok. His grandmother had to as they were family. If his heart could grow, it would have burst out of his chest at that moment alone.Seeing how Jeongguk had worked relentlessly despite knowing he would be imprisoned forever strikes something in him, an arrow to his shrivelled chest, and a key to the shackles he locked himself with. An understanding of how much of a slave Taehyung had become to his misery and anger of events past. The curse had ensured whatever he felt would be too little—or experienced in short bursts, and often only his rage which he tired of.His understanding of the curse is rudimentary—but there has to be more to it, a reason why his chest is hurting more frequently even though Jeongguk only just started to pay attention to Taehyung. Taehyung has only a note roughly explaining what must happen in order for any prisoners to get off the island—he has nothing else. He assumed there was nothing but wholehearted love and the struggle to reach it.But perhaps Taehyung’s negligible feelings, whatever little he felt—fondness, maybe a little care and sense of wanting to keep Jeongguk safe had been enough—to an extent. And maybe the stone is breaking—perhaps all his ploys did work in the end and were just enough, as the curse mandated and hope for it to be enough for Jungkook to love him. Maybe it would be enough to break the stone—and should Taehyung keep at it, Jeongguk’s love would melt his heart, allowing for Taehyung to love Jeongguk as he deserved. And then Jeongguk would be free.  Perhaps love was about care in the end. And the key to that would be to allow himself to be open towards everything he received from Jeongguk—even at the cost of his pain. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-One|

   
The more Taehyung thinks about his present and his past—the more he comes to an understanding: he doesn’t quite know what love is.The only person who he’d fallen for or even loved him back had been Hoseok, and that had been a whirlwind and a half. He’d been young, a jaded seventeen winters with anger and sadness rotting his heart. Shunned since birth with only his grandmother willing to meet his eyes, Taehyung had never been shown what love was— and had assumed it was never meant to be his.A part of him still believes so. He can’t comprehend why he can and should be loved or why Jeongguk insists upon some semblance of it. Taehyung is sure it’s not love yet—for love can’t be so simple, can it? It can’t just awaken in the dark hearth of his chest without warning. And yet—maybe this is love because he doesn’t know what it is in the end. Maybe it is kindness and care, and it is enough for the curse to break.Taehyung hopes it is.Until the insight hit him, he’d been blind to the ways Jeongguk cared for him. Hoped for him, thought aloud, and laughed with him. Jeongguk’s been trying for so long to learn Taehyung in and out in his own way, and Taehyung had been denying him. The pain in his chest—now a near comfortable ache which he hardly makes note of—builds and recedes like a wave. Some days it steals his breath away, his mornings all the more hard. Others, he can think clearly and proceed with his day as it is. Both times Taehyung’s constantly reminded of what the ache implies.Underneath the anger and the sadness of his imprisonment and his life before the island is fear—a bitter, corrosive creature eating into his being. His magic both hates it and thrives off it, is drained by it yet feeds off the power. The fear of who he is beyond this island, who he is beyond being the Siren at the Sea— Taehyung has only ever been shunned and hated. Whether it was in Qinyang as a boy with dormant magic or here as a feared monster who ate the hearts of men and women alike—he’s only ever been isolated.The possibility of loving Jeongguk questions that reality and his magic shudders at the thought. The safety of being a monster taken away…Yet he has to keep himself open and vulnerable if the curse so demands. Taehyung doesn’t know love but he’s learned one of its lines by heart; it is meant to be given freely and with his whole heart, whatever remains of it. And isn’t that the ultimate curse of all? To be left bleeding open and begging someone to see beneath, and love them anyway? To be known so tenderly it would be like knowing oneself?Taehyung knows his curse is weakening somewhere; he, however, has no way of knowing if anything is happening at all beyond the ebbing pain in his chest. Save for the first time when he’d slept with Jeongguk and felt a crack in the center, there is no indication that what he’s attempting is even working. All Taehyung knows, in the end, is he cares for Jeongguk and is willing to cut himself open if it means the sailor can return home to his loved ones—and be the first one to escape the island alive.  True to his word, Jeongguk doesn’t encroach upon Taehyung’s space. But he touches more and the grazes leave Taehyung’s skin on fire.Jeongguk doesn’t ask for the skin-ship. It’s surprising because Taehyung assumed that’s the kind of person Jeongguk is—one who takes what he wants, chases what he can’t get, or stays until he does. And to an extent the presumption is correct—Jeongguk wanted Taehyung, chased him with his eyes, and stayed until Taehyung couldn’t help himself. And he still can’t, he realises, when Jeongguk’s fingers brush against his for the umpteenth time while he helps Taehyung sort the kitchen and clean the residue.It’s no easy task to open oneself up and offer themselves on a platter. It’s easier said than done to proclaim—to himself—that he would love to receive all of Jeongguk’s care. In reality, Taehyung struggles to accept it. He hardly ever does without questions or the ever raging doubt persistent around his edges. Does he deserve this? Should he want this beyond breaking the curse? Is it really alright if he both breaks the curse and want Jeongguk for whatever little time he has left?Some days Taehyung wants to hole himself inside and refuse to meet the day. Decline the challenge of living and reject the untiring kindness in Jeongguk’s eyes. It would be so easy to do as he pleases and wither away, away from the pain of holding yet tearing himself apart. So easy to return back to how he used to be and keep himself safe. Yet the moment the thought appears is when Taehyung shakes it out because this isn’t what Jeongguk deserves. He’s earned the right to return home—and until that happens, Taehyung refuses to rest.So he allows the touches to linger. His own dawdle all over Jeongguk’s hands, a painful dance between the two. A war between their selves: to give in to their wants or to maintain a semblance of normalcy. Then again—who do they have to be normal for on an island with no foreseeable visitors? Perhaps it is their own demons and the imprints of their past threaded through their beings halting them in their tracks.Not enough to completely stop the pursuit, however.“I might get the wrong message if you persist, Taehyung,” Jeongguk murmurs when the brush happens again. Like they’re children unable to resist the temptation of skin. Today, Jeongguk’s shirt is wide open and his moonstone pendant hangs from the hollow of his throat. Taehyung has frozen his hand multiple times to avoid touching it. “I am but a man.”“Boy, you mean, as per our last conversation,” Taehyung shoots back, but he scrubs at the plates. He could have all this done in a blink of an eye with just a snap—but the act of sitting with Jeongguk appeals to him. “And a far better one than the men I have met.”Jeongguk smiles. It’s perhaps one of Taehyung’s favourite features; he adores the way Jeongguk’s eyes scrunch with each one—otherwise, they’re so wide with perpetual stars stuck in them. As if a broken comet entered and decided to swim in their orbit. Taehyung certainly wishes to.“I like seeing you this way,” Jeongguk says then as he takes the offered bowl and stacks them on a shelf. The cutlery he has collected over the years is uncountable at this point. “It’s freeing.”“What do you mean?”“Happy,” Jeongguk says, humming. He doesn’t sound afraid anymore when he tells Taehyung these things. Once upon a time, he walked on eggshells. “You sound happier. Or freer, I don’t know.”No answer is enough for such an observation. Is Taehyung happy? Like love, he’s not quite sure he knows what happiness is either—has never felt it to be his birthright. But he knows a little more about it than love, knows it exists in his magic and his plants, in how he turned this barren land into something bountiful through sheer hard work. In the first time he felt his magic sputter from under his skin, when his green ones bloomed in the spring. He knows it but he’s not sure he’s always felt it. Momentary as a wave but never constant.“I don’t know either,” Taehyung replies honestly, sighing as the plate below reflects his face. It looks blank, just like he’d trained it to be. Never show a thing. “But if you say so—then I’m glad it seems that way.”“Is it so wrong to admit it?” Jeongguk asks, frowning. He dusts the pot in his hand and keeps it on the shelf. “That you might be happy?”“No,” Taehyung admits, hugging himself. His magic quirks at the question. “But doesn’t happiness leave when you admit to its existence?”Jeongguk raises an eyebrow. “Didn’t take you for the superstitious sort.”“I’m not,” Taehyung whines, his cheeks heating. “I speak from experience.”“My experience differs a little,” Jeongguk says, smiling at Taehyung’s tone. His eyes are fond. “If happiness leaves, more will come to take its place.”“That’s too hopeful.”“And yet,” Jeongguk grins, waggling his eyebrows. Taehyung’s chest throbs again and he wonders what exactly about the boy’s playfulness is working because he can never tell. “Can I try something?”“What?” Taehyung asks, then startles when Jeongguk scoots closer, takes the bowl out of Taehyung’s hands and keeps it aside before leaning in, pressing his lips to Taehyung’s. Out of the blue but a pleasant surprise anyway. And heart-warming, with the way Taehyung presses deeper and opens his mouth, letting Jeongguk explore.Jeongguk is fantastic with his mouth, which is saying something when Taehyung has so much to compare him to. And yet, it takes Taehyung by surprise each time. How soft his lips are and how insistent he is to bestow Taehyung with something—maybe his wants and desires.“There. Happier again,” Jeongguk remarks, once he pulls away but keeps stroking Taehyung’s cheek. Taehyung scoffs.“Is that how you won over the people in your town?” Taehyung asks though the jealousy strikes out of nowhere, at the thought of people who have had Jeongguk before him. Did he have a lover when he left for his journey? The hypocrisy doesn’t fail to amuse him.“Not really. I would drink and so would they, then we’d fuck. The taverns had rooms upstairs.”Taehyung’s cheeks heat at the thought. Remembers the way Jeongguk had described pursuing Taehyung if he were a visitor. “No winning over required with you, I presume.”“I have been rejected,” Jeongguk admits, scratching his neck. His cheeks are bright red and his eyes are trained to the ground. “I didn’t like it but it is the way it is. I’m not going to be everyone’s favourite.”“A pity.”“But I hope I’m yours?” Jeongguk asks, eyes wide and lips quirked. Taehyung swears his chest warms and aches a bit more.“Don’t go around fishing for compliments, Jeongguk.”“But I can fish otherwise—?”“Stop!” Taehyung exclaims, bursting into giggles at the pride in Jeongguk’s eyes. As if he is happy in making Taehyung laugh again. “Get back to work—and no more distractions!” || They’re looking for shells.Taehyung had been in the middle of his chores when Jeongguk had burst inside without knocking—and excitedly asked Taehyung if they could go collect shells. He gave no explanation as to why and that too so urgently but one look at his doe eyes and Taehyung had conceded.So here he is along the beach, walking behind Jeongguk who can’t seem to keep his excitement in.“I loved shell hunting as a child,” he exclaims as he bends down to pick yet another one, a lovely hue of tiger stripes along its surface. Jeongguk adds them to the bucket Taehyung had lent. “I could spend hours upon hours if it weren’t for the sun burning my skin or my father threatening to take away meal time.”“What can you do with them?” Taehyung asks, partly with curiosity but mostly annoyed. And endeared because Jeongguk keeps finding reasons to be happy in this prison when Taehyung has long since given up. But maybe that’s why the Mother Goddess led him to Taehyung—so he could learn that life would never be bereft of surprises.“Necklaces, collections,” Jeongguk lists, squealing when a shell reveals to be the home of a hermit crab. The delight on his face is exhilarating. “Sometimes I just liked how pretty they were. And when Jimin started his training in medicine, I would collect it for him to make crushed shell powder.”Taehyung halts at the mention, toeing the sand as the guilt strikes him. He hasn’t heard Jeongguk mention his other life for a while now. It’s a cruel reminder for Taehyung yet a motivator: Jeongguk has to get back to them. Has to take these shells and—and make something for them, perhaps, a token of Taehyung’s gratitude.His chest has been stagnant for a while. A persistent weight hangs around but the aches have reduced, and Taehyung worries about what it means. If he is wrong about the curse—no. He can’t be, he knows his grandmother wouldn’t have been. She had been much too experienced to make such a blunder. And yet—a niggling doubt at the back of his head asks him if the curse is really gone.Jeongguk chatters away, humming every once in a while. Taehyung slows down and watches him walk, barefoot with his trousers rolled up. Assurance leaking from every orifice, the kind of content Taehyung isn’t sure he’s experienced or ever will.He’s also close to the edge of the island and wild, treacherous hope builds in Taehyung’s chest. Maybe he can bear pushing the curse just this once, just to know if he’s doing it right. It would crush him if all the effort is for nothing and yet—“Jeongguk!” Taehyung calls, and Jeongguk looks back, startling when he finds how far behind Taehyung is. He makes to jog back but Taehyung holds a hand, walking towards him. When he reaches, he takes Jeongguk’s and walks him to the edge: one end of the island they haven’t explored. Taehyung doesn’t have to, knows every inch of this land like the back of his hand.It’s marked by an outcrop of rocks, dark and covered with moss and calcified shells stuck to the surface. Taehyung himself had never tried after the first time but maybe with Jeongguk—“Go beyond that rock and keep walking,” Taehyung instructs Jeongguk, who frowns.“You want me to keep walking…?”“Until you reach the end, and if need be, drop into the water below,” Taehyung confirms. He knows how he sounds but he needs to test if the curse holds still.Jeongguk looks rightfully incredulous. He crosses his arms and Taehyung looks away from his arms. He can’t think about the way they hug Taehyung or how they feel like home. “Why?”“Jeongguk, just do it,” Taehyung pleads, staring at the rocks ahead. He can’t see a thing, he won’t be able to unless he utters a revealing spell or goes himself. But Jeongguk turns him by the shoulder, pulling him in, and suddenly, Taehyung finds himself too close to the other. “What are you doing?”“Trying to find why you’re possibly asking me to jump into the ocean when the sirens are right there,” Jeongguk shoots out, eyes searching Taehyung’s. He laughs, breathing in his soapy scent.“The sirens aren’t here.”“I’m still not jumping into the ocean.”“I’m not asking you to,” Taehyung argues back. He could be clearer but he doesn’t want to build Jeongguk’s hopes and then crush it, not without being sure first. He takes a deep breath. “I wish to test something. I promise no harm will come to you.”“You said that the last time with the sirens too,” Jeongguk accuses, his mouth settling into a pout. Taehyung wants to kiss him again. “And then I nearly fell into their arms and was about to be their next meal.”“And I saved you, didn’t I,” Taehyung replies, raising an eyebrow. “Not to mention, you got to realise your true desires because of it.”Jeongguk snorts. “Oh, fuck off,” he says before stepping back and rolling his shoulders. “If I actually fall and die, I will haunt you.”“I’ll keep your spirit company,” Taehyung coos, before taking Jeongguk to the edge. Then he takes Jeongguk’s face in his and plants a kiss anyway. Get his desire out of the way and distract Jeongguk enough that he doesn’t suspect a thing. “There now. A kiss for good luck. Go do what I ask and perhaps you’ll get more.”It’s ridiculous how fast Jeongguk embarks after that.The boy is nimble on his feet, to say the least. He climbs with grace, feet digging into clear surfaces, avoiding the slippery moss and the sharp edges of the calcified shells. Jeongguk does as Taehyung had asked—keeps walking—until he can’t.The air in front of the rock begins shimmering and Taehyung’s heart sinks.The wall is still present and refuses to give under even as Jeongguk pushes again and again.“Taehyung? Why can’t I go ahead?” Jeongguk calls, voice faint over the ocean breeze. Taehyung clutches the front of his robe even as he grits his teeth; he thought it had been working and the curse was loosening its hold. Did this mean Jeongguk still didn’t care for Taehyung? Had his heart not melted yet? “Taehyung?”“That’s—that’s the wall,” he lets out, can’t get himself to tell Jeongguk the entirety. But Jeongguk is keen and grasps what Taehyung means, for the hope falls from his face—and guilt crushes Taehyung once more.“This is the wall you told me about? The magic one?” Jeongguk inquires, still staring ahead. He can’t see how thick and solid it is, the way it shimmers, or how the late afternoon rays bounce off its surface. Taehyung had nearly broken his hand banging against it the first time, but Jeongguk wouldn’t know that.“That would be the one, yes,” Taehyung murmurs, remorse overflowing his veins. What is he doing wrong? Will the curse take its time, some ultimate moment when it broke and all would be well? “Come back. No use staring at it.”Jeongguk remains still, however, and Taehyung wishes he hadn’t tested the wall. Maybe he should have confirmed it himself—but then, the borders would never open for him. The island’s curse was all for Jeongguk, and only Taehyung stands in the way.Taehyung is the reason why Jeongguk would never return home, never meet his family or friends, laugh with Jimin or Yoongi or Seokjin—or the hundreds of people he is close to and adored by. Jeongguk would remain here, moored away on a cursed island for no fault of his own.It breaks something inside Taehyung, even as the suffocation builds, and he clutches at his arms, holding himself tight. It was so easy when he could blame someone else for all his misfortunes, but what can he do when it is ultimately his fault? His damn fault, for loving a human man in the first place and wanting to keep him, for flirting with the forbidden arts and cursing not only himself but everyone else Taehyung ever touched thereafter. He’d never thought of it as a burden—but now he sees Jeongguk’s face and he can’t do anything about it. The one human worth shifting the world’s axis for and magic isn’t enough.Taehyung isn’t enough.Jeongguk looks up even as Taehyung crashes onto the sand knees first, squeezing himself tightly. Hoping it’s enough to simply touch himself and ground himself, remind himself—of what? What exactly that isn’t utter despair?Tears pour out hot and cool on his cheeks. Sand sticks to them, and the ocean carries on. He hears Jeongguk’s distant shout and a curse of pain, but his eyes are blurred from the hopelessness of his task. How can he break his own heart and let Jeongguk go?What if he doesn’t want to? Is that why it won’t work?Goosebumps rise along his skin and his gut churns away. Sand flies in front of him before a pair of arms wrap around him and Taehyung finds himself tucked into the crook of Jeongguk’s neck.“Hey, hey, I’m here,” Jeongguk murmurs into Taehyung’s hair. He smells like salt, soap, and sweat. A little bit of crushed rosemary and Taehyung inhales it all in. Closes his eyes and lets Jeongguk rock them back and forth, his embrace just the right amount of firm.Jeongguk tucks himself into Taehyung’s neck and inhales deeply. Immediately, tones of lavender and sage rise in the air—and Taehyung melts in Jeongguk’s arms, tilts his neck even more. Jeongguk noses along the stretch of it and it's perfect, how quickly Jeongguk picked up on what Taehyung needed. What he couldn’t bring himself to ask for.And yet, Taehyung isn’t enough.“Thank you,” he whispers instead, lips brushing against Jeongguk’s throat. He wants to mould himself into the other, become one with him. Never let him go, and yet precisely, that is what he’s supposed to do. Taehyung is only in the way.Jeongguk pulls away, caressing Taehyung’s hair and face. Both are in the sand with Jeongguk on his haunches and Taehyung collapsed into a heap, pressed to each other in the best of ways. Maybe not close enough. “What happened?”The question of the day. Questions he’s missed Jeongguk asking. “Nothing.”“Something has,” Jeongguk insists, looking over Taehyung with a worried frown. He bites his lip and Taehyung taps against them. He’s hated that habit the longest. “What can I do?”The sailor is astute, even if he is naïve and hopeful and too happy. It used to bother Taehyung; now he can’t imagine a day without having that. “Stay with me.”It’s what he’s always asked, hasn’t he? It’s what Taehyung has always wanted, in the end. Someone to stay. Whether it was Hoseok or his people, whether it was the merchants and the traders who he cursed to stay—all Taehyung wanted was someone who stayed. And Jeongguk is perfect, the kind who would stay. But the kind Taehyung knows would never flourish if he did.Taehyung wants Jeongguk to stay with him—and he has to let him go. Let him leave, no curses or games to hold him back. Just his own blackened cold dead heart, and to break that Taehyung would have to admit he wants Jeongguk gone.Jeongguk knows what he’s asking. Maybe not completely, for he knows nothing about the curse—but in the moment, he can read Taehyung’s mind, and at least for a little while—he can stay. “Always. You don’t have to ask twice.”How cruel the Mother Goddess is for asking this of Taehyung. And yet, this is the way she shows love to all her children, all her creations.Taehyung simply smiles.  When both decide they’ve stayed in the sand long enough—Taehyung makes to move.Jeongguk winces the moment he gets on his feet and Taehyung sees a thin trail of blood from beneath them. He bends down immediately while Jeongguk hops on one foot before he plops down.“What happened?” Taehyung asks, not missing how moments ago it was Jeongguk who asked him. He gets the answer soon enough when he lifts Jeongguk’s feet gently and inspects the source of the blood—a gash on his heel, now crusted with sand and salt. “Well, that doesn’t look so good.”“You would think so,” Jeongguk grimaces, gritting his teeth now that the salt is rubbed into his wound, quite literally. “I can’t help but injure myself around you.”Taehyung smirks as he twists the foot left and right. Nothing a little magic and potion can’t fix—though he’d have to take the sailor to the cottage. “It seems you sliced yourself upon the shells in the rocks when you were coming towards me.”“You sound delighted about it,” Jeongguk accuses, narrowing his eyes, and Taehyung presses his lips together even as he brushes off the sand around the edges of the wound. His hand comes away red.“I can’t say I’m not pleased you need me,” he replies, chuckling when Jeongguk loosely swats at him. Taehyung rips the edges of his robe into a makeshift bandage and ties it around the cut gently. “Come, I’ll treat it at home. My supplies are there.”“Can’t you just magic it away?” Jeongguk whines, even as he heaves himself up and hops on one foot. Taehyung wraps his arm around Jeongguk’s waist and takes the other arm around his neck. “This is humiliating.”“No one to watch you, Jeongguk,” Taehyung murmurs, walking slowly. Jeongguk is heavy, all muscle and bone in one powerful, lean body. “And I can’t magic it away because it’s a bigger injury. Small cuts are more manageable. This is a flesh wound.”Jeongguk grumbles but takes steady steps without leaning too much of his weight on Taehyung. The cottage isn’t too far but like this, the distance is unbearable. Taehyung can sense the heat of Jeongguk’s skin through his robes, the alluring human scent of his getting to his head. He can still feel the effects of being scented hazy around his edges and all he wants to do is lie down in bed and sleep it off.When they reach, both stumble inside without a word. Jeongguk makes way for the stool by the counter, but Taehyung guides him to the bed instead. Neither has been around the area since their shared night and it stirs memories once more. Jeongguk is blushing red but keeps quiet.The bed is more comfortable. There’s no other reason.Taehyung sits him down and leaves to prepare for the supplies. Clean water, bandage, his healing potion and some herbs. He doesn’t think about Jeongguk waiting on his bed or how he fits. That their night wasn’t an anomaly but something that could have been a possibility. Maybe if Taehyung didn’t have a bleeding heart, he would have remained selfish and kept Jeongguk forever. Jeongguk would never know and it would have been fine.But Taehyung has lied once before and ruined everything, and he’s not interested in making history repeat itself again.When he returns, Jeongguk is sitting with both feet raised, humming to himself. He is deep in thought, lips caught between his teeth. Taehyung settles down next to him on the bed, shifting Jeongguk and taking the feet in his lap. He doesn’t look at Jeongguk, focused all the way on washing and cleaning the injury. Jeongguk’s feet are as weathered as his hands—perhaps even more. His toes are crusted with sand but there is a sturdiness to them, and they too tell a litany of stories: scars and cracks along the surface but still so soft, how he curls his toes every time Taehyung touches a particular spot. He jumps and Taehyung smiles.“Ticklish?”“A little,” Jeongguk admits, eyes focused on Taehyung’s hands. He holds himself tightly, his body tight. “Never thought I would have this happen to me.”“A cut on your heel?”“And you tending it, yes,” Jeongguk says. Taehyung applies the herbal ointment, muttering the healing spell. He wraps a clean cotton bandage all around, tucking it into place. “I like the way your—your hands touch.”It seems to have slipped out unintentionally, for Jeongguk bites his lip and blushes bright red. Taehyung tries not to be affected by it or take it in a different context but—“Just on your feet?”Jeongguk snaps his eyes open and if it was possible for a human to become pinker, the sailor is a prime example. Taehyung holds his glee in. “Yes. Don’t make it sound so dirty.”Taehyung raises his hands, leaving the foot be. He instead takes the potion out of his robe pocket and holds it out to Jeongguk. “Here. Take this, it’ll aid the process.”Unlike last time, Jeongguk takes the bottle willingly though when he sniffs at it, he makes a face. “Will this be as horrid as last time?”“Yes. But perhaps less bitter. I added a little honey this time.”“You really are enjoying this,” Jeongguk grumbles before downing the potion, squeezing his eyes shut and smacking his lips, immediately reaching for the water jug on the side and gulping it down. Some of it runs down his throat, wetting his shirt and Taehyung hastily looks away. Not on this bed, Goddess give him strength. “That was worse.”“At least you didn’t spit it out like a spoilt child,” Taehyung notes before packing away the materials. “Now rest. And don’t walk on your foot for some time.”“You mean rest…in your bed?” Jeongguk asks, eyes alert. Taehyung rolls his eyes.“Yes. I’m not letting you sleep outside tonight. So stay here, I’ll bring you dinner.”Taehyung leaves without a word, Jeongguk’s protests falling on deaf ears.  He takes longer to arrive at bed than he would like, but Taehyung is not unaware of what the night brings to the forefront—or of the beautiful man lying in it.Jeongguk’s eyes are closed and he’s straight as a rod, foot propped on a pillow. Taehyung shuffles into the chamber quietly, blowing the candles out and taking off his robe. Whatever remains of his heart seems to thunder the closer he gets to his bed, mindful of how he’s not alone tonight.The other isn’t sleeping, however. He can tell in the practiced way Jeongguk breathes, too shallow and too tight—it is one thing to admit the attraction they may have built for each other, even if it’s based on lust. It’s another to revisit it and not do anything about it, even though Taehyung would like to do many, unspeakable things.He lies in the bed next to Jeongguk, both conscious of each other. “You’re not sleeping, are you?”Silence perseveres even though Jeongguk’s breathing hitches at getting caught. Then fingers prod through Taehyung’s hands until Jeongguk’s are melded into him.“Something happened today,” Jeongguk starts, stroking the back of Taehyung’s hands. “I walked into something. The wall?”Taehyung should have known someone as stubborn as Jeongguk would never let something be. “Yes.”“So it really does exist,” Jeongguk breathes out, squeezing his hand. They’re warm and calloused. Human. “But I can’t see it.”“Only the magical can,” Taehyung answers. “Did you think I lied?”“No. That would be terrible if you did—but,” Jeongguk pauses. Holds tighter. “I don’t think anyone, not even you, would stay on an island willingly unless you had no choice.”“Maybe I would if I wished to protect myself.”“Maybe, but you won’t,” Jeongguk says with conviction. It irritates Taehyung yet endears him. The human shouldn’t be able to read him so well. “You wouldn’t have fallen apart like you did if you didn’t want to.”Taehyung’s chest aches. Of course the other thought it was about Taehyung when it had been about the impossibility of Jeongguk leaving catching up to him. He’s partly right, however, and unbidden, the image of Jeongguk’s vision from the sirens shows up. Jeongguk and him on a boat far away, exploring and learning. Things Taehyung had never seen, only imagined or heard from others’ mouths or read in their books. The coins with unfamiliar faces, the town names unpronounceable. How Taehyung had hungered for more and had made peace with being given mere scraps of it.He wishes for Jeongguk’s vision to be true—he wishes for a way to come back home. Where home is, however, is lost on him.“I fell apart because you did,” Taehyung murmurs quietly. He can’t tell Jeongguk about the curse but he can tell him what he feels—however little it may be. “The hope died in your eyes and I couldn’t bear the pain. That’s all.”It’s nothing, in the end. But it’s all Taehyung can utter without telling Jeongguk. Someone like him would never settle for this, and he expects more questions to come forth. Instead, Jeongguk squeezes his hands and—“May I hold you?” He asks, and it’s so out of the blue. Taehyung turns to meet his eyes.“Why?”“Because I want to. Because you want to be held.” Jeongguk’s eyes roam up and down. “Because we both fell apart today and have no one else.”Taehyung hears it then. The plea, the silent message. Alone and surrounded by magic. Trapped forever till the day he dies—or so Jeongguk believes. The island’s immortality magic would keep Jeongguk alive forever—but Taehyung can’t bring himself to tell Jeongguk that. Death might be his only hope after all—and Taehyung can’t take it away from him.So Taehyung turns and tucks himself into Jeongguk, back to chest, and sighs when Jeongguk’s arms wrap around his waist. Soap and sweat. Maybe a flower, something like honeysuckle. Neither speaks though Jeongguk’s exhales ruffles Taehyung’s hair.It’s safe, wrapped up in him like this without any need for naked bodies and slick skin. Just touching, being held the way Taehyung had always wanted to be. He’d never received enough as a child, and sex wasn’t an adequate stand-in. How long could he have pretended that lust was enough?“Jeongguk?” Taehyung asks, and the sailor hums into his hair, the vibrations settling into the back of his neck. “Could you scent me?”Taehyung’s always been so afraid to ask for what he wants. Never felt like he could, always kept on the sidelines and made to feel like a mistake in every way. His very existence was deemed a curse; how else was he supposed to recover from this one?Jeongguk pulls him closer and tucks his nose in, breathing along the line of his neck between ear and shoulder. Pulls the tunic down a little and Taehyung’s breath hitches, hating how the heat stirs in his gut. Innocent, this is supposed to be innocent. Comfort. He admonished the lust in his mind just now; how can he want to give in so fast?Lips pressed into his skin mouthing along and Taehyung tilts his neck further, allowing more access. The headiness of scenting catches up, filling the air with overtones of lavender and sage. The thoughts of mates comes unbidden to his mind. Scenting was about comfort and belonging. Fae mates would often scent their chosen ones, sometimes in less than innocent settings. He knows the effects of his scent are stronger for Jeongguk who is merely a human.Taehyung lets slip a moan when Jeongguk’s teeth catch on his lobe and rolls it between his lips. Barely blinks an eye when Jeongguk shifts, slightly over Taehyung as he dives in for his neck again like a rabid animal. Taehyung basks in it.“Tell me when you wish to stop,” Jeongguk murmurs. A part of Taehyung, the one which mistrusts human intention, wonders if Jeongguk did it deliberately. The more benevolent part knows it’s the scent. He does nothing to dissuade the other from it.Instead, he grabs the back of Jeongguk’s head and pulls him in for a kiss which Jeongguk returns. He’s so skilled with them, litters them on Taehyung like they’re their own spells, and maybe they are for Taehyung is captivated with each one. Smeared across Jeongguk like the other is across him, embedded into each other.Maybe the curse demands love, but Taehyung will partake in his share of lust if need be.When Jeongguk’s hand travels down, Taehyung however halts him. “Not tonight. Please.”He remembers once he had said no and the pirate had tried anyway. Taehyung ended up choking him and feeding him to the sirens. Jeongguk, however, yields immediately, removing his hand swiftly and falling back into the pillows.“That was not my intention,” Jeongguk starts once he catches his breath.Taehyung curls into him, craving the warmth and the touch. It bleeds through the thin fabric as he wills his hardness down. “What was your intention then?”Jeongguk levels him with a deadpanned expression and Taehyung giggles. “I really meant to hold you. Your scent, however…”“Ah, so it’s my fault.”“No!” Jeongguk protests, turns once more, and keeps Taehyung tucked close. “I can’t help myself with the scent, that’s all. It’s on me and my inability to control myself.”“I’m teasing, Jeongguk, it’s alright,” Taehyung says, patting the other on the cheek. “What matters is you stopped.”Jeongguk opens his mouth before shutting it, thinking better of asking further when the statement is context enough. There were others who didn’t stop. Taehyung took care of them. They didn’t need to talk about it.“Are you feeling better?” He asks instead, caressing Taehyung’s face—and his chest throbs, just for a moment. Care in every touch. Taehyung wishes it were enough to break the curse so he could send Jeongguk home.“Much,” Taehyung answers, closing his eyes. Scenting always lulled him into the deepest of sleep. “Thank you, Jeongguk.”He feels Jeongguk press his lips to Taehyung’s forehead. Butterflies erupt in his belly.“You don’t have to ask me twice.” || Taehyung doesn’t always learn from his past, however.He wanted to keep Hoseok so desperately he was ready to move mountains for him. Kill or maim even if he could just get Hoseok to stay. In his haste, he devised a poor plan and ended up killing him instead—and one would think Taehyung learnt well from it.Well, certainly not.The spell in front of him has shame bubbling inside but he persists anyway. A love potion. If his grandmother were to see this, she would laugh in his face.But Taehyung’s tired of waiting. Curses take their time but how long? Love is not so simple and lust is not love, in the end, but surely the care must be enough by now? And yet he went by himself and touched the wall, fingers stinging from the force of it. The wall repels against the magical.Taehyung knows not to hasten the process. He has all the time in the world—but Jeongguk does not. Because Taehyung’s been trapped here, ageless and timeless, and seen humans come and go. Long hair, long coats, short hair, and sometimes a lack of clothes—time runs outside of the island. He doesn’t want that when Jeongguk does get out, he knows nothing of his old life.It mortifies him nonetheless. The lengths he’s willing to go for this—Taehyung sighs and does as the spell asks. Lavender, rose, pearl dust—it becomes a lovely pink and smells sweet. Taehyung speaks the incantation and the liquid bubbles for a moment before turning a soft, milky mauve.According to the spellbook, it’s meant to enchant the drinker and infatuate them with the spell-caster. Taehyung’s not sure if it falls into the parameters of the curse and his magic certainly doesn’t stop hissing its protest. But Mother Goddess above, he wants this to work and hope the incessant guilt stops wreaking havoc upon his life.Jeongguk and he have been cordial with each other—though they keep finding reasons to touch, sometimes meet in the middle before pulling apart in haste. Earlier they tried to hide it under some guise—now it’s brazen, a given that if they are around each other, they will find a way.He, however, doesn’t try to kiss Taehyung often and neither does Taehyung initiate anything. But it’s there, in the heavy hunger of his stare or how Taehyung forgets to speak when Jeongguk’s stands too close to him, breathing into his neck, and all Taehyung wishes to do is press him against a wall—Anyhow. The love potion. Taehyung hopes it would fasten the progress and get Jeongguk to fall head over heels for him, the Goddess bless him.Jeongguk frowns when Taehyung offers him cider during lunch.“Whatever is this for?” He sniffs at the cider. It’s from a bottle gifted by a human long ago, a nice lad who was much too nervous to attempt any sort of foolishness with Taehyung. He had to die anyway but Taehyung had enjoyed the products of his shipwreck. “It smells sweet and sour.”“Some kind of cider. I found it in a crate under my bed,” Taehyung lies, biting into the meat. “It’s non-alcoholic, apparently.”“You’re not sure?” Jeongguk asks while taking a sip—and Taehyung sighs as quietly as possible. “Huh. It tastes alright, I suppose.”“It does? I’m glad.”“Aren’t you taking some, though?”“Ah, none for me,” Taehyung says, holding a hand up when Jeongguk offers his glass. The last thing he wants is more magic to interfere with his magical curse, and what would happen if the two of them drank such a potion? Taehyung shudders at the thought. “I’ll refrain.”Jeongguk shrugs. “Suit yourself. This is better the more I have it.”Then he swigs it all down and just like that, Jeongguk’s taken Taehyung’s potion. He’s not proud about having lied to him to do so—but as far as Taehyung is concerned, slight overlooking of morals is alright if it gets Jeongguk back to his old life.  It’s a mistake, and Taehyung’s sure he’s never regretted anything more. Not even when he turned Hoseok into a Fae and became one of his worst nightmares.Hoping to outsmart the curse backfires—and Taehyung understands not to mess with the footwork of magic ever again. Not only does the potion not work—clearly the clause of the curse recognises the difference between true and created love.The effects of the potion hadn’t hit until well into dinner time—and it took Taehyung by surprise, at a moment when he’d been least expecting it. He’d given up hope, thinking he’d made the wrong potion or it wasn’t strong enough—when Jeongguk had hiccupped. And then, with the largest eyes possible, gasped when he saw Taehyung’s face.Then promptly tried to kiss him, and Taehyung had narrowly escaped— nearly causing Jeongguk to fall into his dinner.Now Jeongguk wouldn’t stop hovering around him. And he won’t stop flirting.“Fates above, you are gorgeous,” Jeongguk sighs, hand holding up his chin while he stares at Taehyung—who keeps shut through the entire ordeal. If his heart were beating normally it would have shot out of his ribs. “The most beautiful person I have ever seen.”“So you’ve said,” Taehyung murmurs even though the words warm his skin. They mean nothing because for humans Taehyung will is otherworldly. But the conviction in Jeongguk’s tone makes him want to simper with delight.“It’s a pity you weren’t in my town,” Jeongguk says, poking moodily at the vegetables. “If you were, I would have never left you.”“Not that you would have had me in the first place.”“No, no, you don’t understand—I mean, if you were a boy just like me and I knew you since we were both children.”Taehyung raises an eyebrow. The cider was non-alcoholic but Jeongguk is rambling on. “If we grew up together?”“Yes!” Jeongguk exclaims, eyes bright and cheeks full of joy. Taehyung’s heart squeezes in pain. “You know—there was this—this girl once, whom I adored.”Envy scratches green inside, though Taehyung nods. “What about her?”“I liked her a lot,” Jeongguk says, playing with his food. His expression turns forlorn. “I never told anyone but—I think she was the very first thing I liked. Even before the sea. But we were too young and then—and then I was too busy being a boy, so I lost her. But I never forgot the feeling.”Taehyung gulps. He’s not sure he wants to hear the description of those feelings—but maybe he’ll understand what’s happening to him if he does. “Which was?”“Safety,” Jeongguk says in a hushed manner, eyes lowered. “It was an—intense rush. Like if I was with her everything would be alright.”He recognises what Jeongguk’s implying. Safety. Something so misused, so misconstrued—and yet what Taehyung craves the most. Not touch, not reassurance—but the knowledge that he was safe and wouldn’t have to protect, protect, protect.“That sounds lovely.”“It’s what I feel with you.”When Taehyung looks up, Jeongguk is gazing at him with utmost fondness and respect—and suddenly, he can’t breathe. It’s nothing new; Taehyung has known that Jeongguk cares in his own way and it would take time to redirect it into something fulfilling the curse—but at the moment—The love potion is a misnomer. It doesn’t truly channel love but a bizarre obsession on part of the one who drinks it. And Jeongguk has been…close. Obsessed sounds horrid, reminds Taehyung of the time he would count the daylight hours until Hoseok would leave or return to him, keep track of his every movement. But Jeongguk touches and looks and stays. Is that love?He’s not sure.But Jeongguk looks excited and happier than before, and Taehyung wonders if this is how the sailor is back in his hometown. Confident, happy-go-lucky, and bereft of worries. Perhaps people approached the boy, not because of his handsomeness but because he is so vibrant to look at, so charming—just through existence. There isn’t any intention in his charm. It exists because Jeongguk does.Taehyung respected him and lusted after him too—but the endearment and the fondness, that’s new. He wants to hold Jeongguk close and let him whisper sweet nothings in his ear. He wants to be held without any ulterior motive. He wants to—he wants to touch the other’s face and have it mean something other than sex.Jeongguk would leave and find someone else like that girl from his childhood. A human just like him who wouldn’t throw magic his way or trouble him, who would take his love wholeheartedly and cherish it. Jeongguk would return it tenfold because that’s the kind of person he’s revealed himself to be—affectionate, earnest, and honest. An open book in the best of ways. Taehyung mourns it even as his magic rises with envy, the itch to possess him stirring somewhere beneath.The potion didn’t work and it crushes him that the curse has to be broken the old-fashioned way— with patience. But just for a moment, Taehyung could see how Jeongguk would have been if they had met as humans. Before he leaves—and he will—Taehyung learns that good humans do exist in the world beyond the island.Jeongguk babbles on with occasional shy glances at Taehyung—and he tamps down on the urge to possess. He felt it once and ruined his life, and so, Taehyung will right his wrong this time.This time, he will let Jeongguk go—both from the island and his mind. || The sailor catches on quickly, however, and it isn’t long before he corners Taehyung out of the blue and leaves no room for him to escape. Not that Taehyung is complaining.Sometimes when he wishes to vanish off the face of the world, Taehyung slips away. Even if he had been the only one staying on the island for years between visitors, Taehyung would retreat into his shell, away from everything that made living in this prison worth it. Maybe the birds and his green ones weren’t enough, or the sorry state of his fate would catch up to him—whatever the reason, Taehyung would slip. And usually, it doesn’t matter if he does because he comes back but this time, he has a permanent visitor—and a lingering one at that.With the potion failing and the painful realisation settling that Taehyung would have to keep trying and waiting until the circumstances were just right for the curse to break, he unknowingly begins to slip. Suddenly, Taehyung isn’t hanging on to every word coming out of Jeongguk’s mouth or crave his touch. He stays inside, afraid of facing the world and the expanse of the island, the blue seas to which he would never come close. And really—afraid of seeing Jeongguk wither away eventually when he realises that he won’t be getting any older and he will remain here forever. The terror of it makes Taehyung want to curl into a ball and forget he ever existed.Jeongguk doesn’t forget he does, however, and so—Taehyung is woken up to a rapid set of knocks and groans, wishing for his bed to swallow him up. His magic whimpers in exhaustion but Jeongguk is relentless.“I hope you haven’t put some magic spell on the door, Taehyung!” Jeongguk calls, voice faint but firm as he starts yet another annoying set of knocks, some strange tune grating on Taehyung’s ears. He knows it’s wrong to have slipped away, not after all that they have talked about and told each other—but at the moment, Taehyung feels like an irate child.“I’m coming, stop with the infernal knocking!” Taehyung snaps, wrapping his robe around and walking towards the washbasin, splashing his face and gargling. It does help him feel a bit…normal. “What do you want?”He asks this as he opens the door to the cottage and finds Jeongguk proceeding to knock again, though the hand drops. Instead, the sailor leans against the wall, arms crossed. He’s wearing a newer set of linens and it fits him well, clean and crisp. A little tight in certain areas that Taehyung looks away from.“You’re avoiding me again.” The statement is a given, an observation Jeongguk’s deigned to present rather than offer the courtesy of asking. But Taehyung doesn’t have it in him to take offence when he knows the other is right. “And I want to know why.”Taehyung makes no move to give way or open the cottage today for Jeongguk. Irritation and frustration bubble away in his gut and he has no reason why. “I know this might be a surprise to you, but the world doesn’t revolve around you.”“Well, of course, given I’m a human and not the sun,” Jeongguk snarks back, lips pressed into a thin line. Taehyung raises an eyebrow. “And you don’t owe me answers but I think we know each other enough to at least ask, no?”He’s right, of course, he is. Jeongguk isn’t asking much. Why is Taehyung behaving this way? Only the Mother Goddess knows. Or she is probably hissing in frustration at Taehyung’s antics and refusing to pay attention to him, and that would only be fair. “We do.”“And yet.”“And yet,” Taehyung repeats, leaning against the door and crossing his arms as well. His robe is askew, his hair is all over the place, and his chest itches. Taehyung wants to pry into it and fling his heart out, watch the stone shatter and leave him be. “I don’t know what to tell you.”“Something happened,” Jeongguk notes. His eyes linger over Taehyung’s, studying him and catch on the dip of his robe, the opening of his tunic. “Something has been happening for a while now and you’re not telling me.”“I don’t know what you’re talking about—”“I’m not stupid,” Jeongguk insists, frowning. His teeth bite into his lower lip and Taehyung wants to tap against them. “I’m not aware of magic but I have eyes. Something’s up and it’s upsetting you.”They’re standing close enough to share breaths. Like this Jeongguk is a bit taller and broad, his figure shielding Taehyung from the harsh late morning light. It creates a halo behind him. Jeongguk smells fresh but Taehyung won’t focus on that. He won’t.“I can’t tell you.”“Is it something to do with the curse then?” Jeongguk probes and again, Taehyung’s belly swoops. Astute, how very astute. “I won’t force you but I’m worried about you.”Taehyung smiles. He doesn’t deserve this man, really. “That’s sweet of you, but I’m fine.”“No, you’re not,” Jeongguk says. His finger itches forward like he wants to touch Taehyung but thinks better of it. “You asked me to check the borders. You fell apart, I know you did. And I don’t blame you for it.”“That isn’t—”“And you’ve been making me try different things to eat,” Jeongguk continues lowly, looking at his pendant as he plays with it. Taehyung’s blood seems to freeze. “And they taste strange. I feel strange like I’m not in my body for a while.”“Maybe you’re developing an allergy to some of the recipes,” Taehyung tries, but halts when Jeongguk levels him with an unimpressed look. Presses closer.“Taehyung, please,” Jeongguk says quietly, almost pleading, like he hates the idea of seeming so stupid in front of the witch. “I know there’s something off because after, all I can think about is wanting you.”Taehyung blood does freeze and then moves again, sluggish. “So you lust after me. That happens.”Jeongguk’s lips curl and he leans in further. The soap is heady against his nose. “Just what do you think you’re doing, Taehyung?”He can’t do this. He can’t keep this act up, this act of nonchalance. It no longer works, not around Jeongguk; he’s woven in too deep, embedded into Taehyung somewhere. He can try and he won’t be able to be the cold, unfeeling person he’d been back when Jeongguk had first arrived—even though he can sense it around his edges, urging him to give in.Taehyung gives in, but not for what the urge asks him to. “Nothing.”“It’s not simply lust,” Jeongguk breathes out, searching Taehyung’s face. “It’s not, and if you insist you’re lying to yourself and me.”“If not lust, then what?” Taehyung challenges, but he’s afraid, terrified of the answer he might receive. A confirmation of what he really wants, what he’s been begging the Goddess to provide—but a part of him doesn’t want to hear it. “We’re two people trapped on an island and we both find each other desirable. What else could it be?”“You know it’s more than lust,” Jeongguk says, stepping close and pulling Taehyung in, hand on his back. He doesn’t press in the way Taehyung wishes he would. “You’re up to something. I know you enough to guess that. So what is it, Taehyung? What are you afraid of telling me?”He says it so softly like it would be alright if Taehyung tells him the truth. That all he wants is honesty, for their bond to continue—and once again, all that lies in between is Taehyung and his infallible ability to keep himself hidden, keep his thoughts hidden so he won’t have to face the inevitability of them.But he can’t play those games with Jeongguk, not anymore.“I’m trying to find a way out,” Taehyung admits at last—finds that he can, because the clause of the curse doesn’t get in the way. Typically there is a tight restraint in his throat whenever he wants to utter the forbidden words. “A way out of the island, and I’m hoping there is a certain permutation that would allow me to breach the wall.”What he doesn’t tell is how the major obstacle is Jeongguk having to fall in love with Taehyung in order for the breach to happen—but he’s been allowed to say even this much and he’s glad for it.Jeongguk, however, doesn’t celebrate or let out one of those joyful sounds he is known to do. Instead, he tilts his head, eyes fixed on Taehyung’s. “Are you that eager to be rid of me?”His voice is low and soft, like honey in his ears and Taehyung wills himself not to react. To want to hear it crooned in his ears, unspeakable utterings that would stir the heat in his gut. “N-no. Just—you miss your family. I can see it and hear it in your voice when you speak of them.” Taehyung plays with the buttons on Jeongguk’s shirt. Doesn’t dare to touch the skin beneath. “And I care enough for you to—to find a way out for you. To let you go.”The throbbing builds in his chest. He never wanted to say these words to Jeongguk, held on to them like they were something new to possess—if not a person, then Taehyung would hang on to anything of value. Yet, it aches to let the wish go. He hasn’t told Jeongguk that he’s already found a way, but even as the words hurt to be let out, they also leave a pocket of relief inside the hollowness of his ribs.Perhaps it’s the honesty in Taehyung’s voice, what little he can give of it, but Jeongguk stumbles back enough to leave space, and Taehyung brushes past him, wanting to breathe and close his eyes to the ache. His hand is caught, however, Jeongguk’s hold on his wrist lose yet firm. Taehyung stumbles back into Jeongguk, who pushes him against the wall next to the door. He levels Taehyung with an earnest gaze, terrified hope, and gratitude a conflicting presence in his wide eyes.“Is it really possible?” Jeongguk asks, pressed so close, hand next to Taehyung’s head, and his voice trembles with hope. Taehyung hates to be the one to crush it.“I don’t know, but I will try, Jeongguk,” Taehyung answers, and hates how the hope dies in Jeongguk’s eyes, just a little. It reminds Taehyung of how strong Jeongguk is being in the face of all this, how he’s been taking it in his stride since the moment he found out and tried to make his peace—and it’s all been Taehyung’s fault anyway. What if the curse never breaks but the two of them are trapped, dancing around each other and occasionally fucking each other’s despair away? “I will do my best. But if—if it doesn’t work and there’s no way out, I’m sorry—”Jeongguk leans in and captures Taehyung’s lips, cutting him off. Taehyung finds him falling again, the familiar rhythm of Jeongguk against him, the comfort it provides. Inhaling in the soap of his scent, feeling the way the linen scratches against his skin and how hot Jeongguk’s mouth feels on his, the way he pries open Taehyung’s with his tongue. He takes it all in and relishes it. Of course, it wasn’t just lust. Taehyung knows that, has suspected it—but he wants it to be something more so it meets its purpose.He can’t imagine a curse worse than loving Jeongguk, of having Jeongguk love him back and still being unable to leave.Just as quickly as it began does Jeongguk cut it off, pulling Taehyung in and holding him close, head tucked into Taehyung’s neck. His hug is like a home, one Taehyung never had the privilege of partaking in but one he allows himself to enjoy. How it keeps him from breaking even as he trembles lightly at the possibility of all of it being for naught.He presses his lips to Jeongguk’s shoulder to keep himself from crying, squeezing his eyes shut as he takes in the human scent of him. Jeongguk never lets go, keeping him pressed close.“Thank you,” Jeongguk murmurs into his shoulder, and the scraping of his lips release shivers inside Taehyung. Goddess, he wants to be with him. “Thank you for thinking of me.”Jeongguk pulls away, and Taehyung is surprised to see tears on his face. They fringe his eyelashes together. His eyes are happy and his cheeks are red.It crushes Taehyung like nothing before.He doesn’t react when Jeongguk pulls him in again for a kiss, goes along with it—this he can relish, even though his magic weeps in sorrow, even though he wants to vanish forever and never face his reality. Not the one of the curse, no—but that Jeongguk does want to leave, in the end.A part of him had been hoping, a bit naively perhaps, that Jeongguk had been happy here, that he would choose to stay here with Taehyung rather than leave. But of course, Taehyung dreamt too much. Of course, if he goes by the gratitude and momentary happiness in Jeongguk’s eyes—he would choose the life as he had known over a life he had just begun to explore. A life that moved, provided excitement and adventure rather than—this unchanging stagnation.Ultimately, Jeongguk isn’t scared of the world like Taehyung is. Even as he pecks Taehyung all over and touches him the way Taehyung wants him to—he realises why it hurts. Because Jeongguk is unafraid and Taehyung doesn’t know who he is beyond this island.But Jeongguk deserves to live normally and explore again to his heart’s content. And no matter how long it takes—Taehyung will find a way out for him.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-Two|

   
Since he was young, Jeongguk had always been a loved boy.Maybe it was due to his mother’s care, her strength and humility in raising her sons well or his father for respecting him as a child. Jeongguk grew up knowing he would be cared for with love sowed into every seam of his being. In the Academy, he was favoured by his peers and teachers alike even when he drove them up the walls. If there was one thing Jeongguk was sure of in the end—it was that no matter what, he deserved to be loved.He thinks that’s why it’s so easy for him to give it back when the occasion calls for it and why, despite all the rumours, the resistance and the fear—he doesn’t mind giving some of it to Taehyung, a boy who grew up with nothing.How odd, the way the two of them contrast each other. Where Jeongguk was perhaps loved a little too much, the praises stacking on and an infuriating sense of self-importance—Taehyung grew up quiet with nothing but his name uttered in shame. Neglected as if he were nothing but dirt—and Jeongguk understands why Taehyung became the way he did. Why when he learnt of his tale he mourned the man and his past, felt angry for him and wanted to decimate the world for mistreating him, maybe even himself for giving into the urge.Taehyung isn’t just the Siren, an infamous monster wreaking havoc on the lives of sailors—but someone forced to become one. The world had been cruel to him when he needed it most and left him to his devices—why wouldn’t someone do their best to protect themselves? Taehyung turned from a broken boy to a broken man when all he ever wanted was to be loved.Jeongguk can tell the signs even as Taehyung struggles to accept all the simple offerings he presents. So much has happened since the night they shared—enough for Jeongguk to feel lost—but he doesn’t because he wouldn’t mind spending his time with Taehyung, not when he can learn to read him inside out and thrive.The ground is steady under his feet even as Jeongguk navigates choppy waters and hopes not to drown in Taehyung. It’s so easy to give in, to forget who he is or what he wants when Taehyung is right there, beautiful, kind and hurting, trying in his own way. How can Jeongguk leave him be when he’s everything Jeongguk’s ever wanted?When he was twelve and had just learnt to embrace the ocean fully as his, Jeongguk had been convinced he could never love something as much as he loved the sea. Taken under Yoongi’s wing and exploring the vastness beyond from a new lens, nothing had ever matched the first time Yoongi had taken him exploring. No amount of boys and girls could fit into the small pocket Jeongguk had carved in his heart for the ocean and yet, it never felt enough.Sometimes when he’s reminiscing his time, Jeongguk is inclined to think that this is enough. Every embrace he shares, every kiss he receives and every time he wraps himself up in Taehyung is his heart singing through his ribs, wanting to burst free.It’s perhaps why as he mulls over Taehyung’s confession to find a way out for him, all Jeongguk feels is a deep sense of sadness he can’t name or place.There is happiness, of course. And why wouldn’t he be? Jeongguk isn’t the kind to remain content for long, always having chased the thrill of adventure. Mystery and exploration. The island is a wonderful haven but at the end of the day, it is small and keeps him trapped. When Jeongguk had come close to the wall, it had crushed him to know he would never leave, that Taehyung hadn’t been lying. Despair the likes of which he couldn’t name enveloped him, and it was only Taehyung’s own that got him out of the fugue of feelings.Jeongguk misses his family. The more time he spends on the island, the more there are empty pockets in his memories. He misses that sense of home, the familiar streets of Sunsong. His mother’s food and the way he would place his head in her lap and let her put him to sleep. How he would joke with his father or compete with his brother about who caught the most fish. And gods—Jimin, the way Jeongguk would stay at his home unannounced, study with his brother and take Jimin’s case. He misses it all, that throbbing sense of love surrounding him. How he would enter Seokjin’s kitchen and eat the leftovers, watching Yoongi and Seokjin work side-by-side for hours, revelling in the quiet love they displayed.Sometimes Jeongguk is with Taehyung in the kitchen and wonders if this is what both of them felt back home. A quiet reassurance with a promise to stay. Taehyung bleeds the request out in the open even as he tries to hide his plea, but Jeongguk hears it all. Hopes to answer it just as gently and let Taehyung know that he doesn’t have to ask Jeongguk twice.But Taehyung is looking for a way out, and Jeongguk isn’t sure what he feels about that.Happiness layered with sadness. Sadness, because a part of Jeongguk had begun to enjoy the solitude of the island, the way he wasn’t aware of anything but Taehyung and him—and was learning to be content with it. He doesn’t think he would mind it quite as much if Taehyung came with him. Jeongguk had even redesigned the boat with enough space for two, excited to live in the fantasy the sirens had provided—but the way Taehyung’s face had fallen, he knows there is something else the witch is hiding.Jeongguk is learning not to demand answers and let them fall into place as and when he can, though sometimes he does have to pry because Taehyung has to be the most obstinate person Jeongguk has come across, and he sees his face in the mirror every day.Is Taehyung content in living in this prison when Jeongguk can offer him so much more? He’s afraid to answer it for the other because if there’s anything more disappointing than not getting his way, it is when he fails to meet expectations. Jeongguk can’t possibly bear it if he builds a dream only to have Taehyung reject it. He’s growing and learning but he’s not so benevolent, not yet.At the heart of it all, the dilemma is—Jeongguk wishes to free Taehyung. Not just from this island but from his own self, the self still shackled by his past, bound by the chains of misery. To show Taehyung that though the world has wronged him, it isn’t all rotten. It’s a fantasy, one of those easy lies one tells themselves so they can hope. Jeongguk would be nowhere without it, but what about people like Taehyung? Hope had never been allowed to flourish for him, so why would he care?Maybe Jeongguk is the lucky one, to have had such a lovely life he wants to go back to. What about the people who didn’t have such fortune? Would they want to flirt with possibilities and try again? Taehyung had challenged him, told him staying on the island was a way to protect himself—what if that is true, in the end?What if Taehyung really doesn’t want to leave?  Because he was loved so dearly and chased so often, Jeongguk grew up answering his feelings as and when they arrived. His mother told him never to hide this side of his, the one that bled openly and cared too much. His father was a bit more reserved, didn’t want his boy to be so squeamish or dainty he couldn’t handle the bitter truths of life. Jeongguk likes to think he was allowed to be himself but was also told that sometimes, he wouldn’t always have the benefit of such freedom.The island felt that way, briefly. A prison choking him, making him want to stop caring and living and breathing. To keep himself cowered and sheltered, away from Taehyung as much as possible so he could remain safe. But that isn’t the sort of person Jeongguk is—he feels, and he feels with all his might. It is no wonder, then, that ultimately his desires and wants culminated into something he can’t name or is afraid to. But when he catches Taehyung’s eyes or kisses him, Jeongguk’s heart races out of its cage and it’s all he can do to keep it confined inside.If Taehyung so much as to asked Jeongguk would freely give away even his heart.It doesn’t end up like the night they laid with each other and answered those desires. Jeongguk has dreamt of it many times since—the fantasy an itch, the kind he can’t scratch and doesn’t want to, not without Taehyung’s permission. Even when they kiss and it seems like it would go a certain way—Jeongguk pulls back the moment Taehyung does. Each time, however, he makes note of how Taehyung asserts him slowly into place, falling in line with Jeongguk. How he stays longer, comes out of his fears and listens to Jeongguk, accepts all the praises with a shy smile. For all the beauty the witch is blessed with, it is these aspects that are Jeongguk’s favourite.Even with Taehyung spilling open about his past, Jeongguk soon realises one thing: that though he knows of Taehyung’s past, he doesn’t quite know Taehyung, not the way he claims he does just to fluster the other. He has a fair idea—who wouldn’t, with the way Taehyung walked with the heaviest of sorrows upon his person—but it would never amount to who Taehyung actually is. Jeongguk knows of what he did, how Hoseok fared and what Taehyung did as the Siren since. There is also the tricky matter of his curse which Jeongguk knows nothing about save that it bears a heavy cost and that Taehyung can’t speak of it.So who is Taehyung beyond his anger and his sorrow? Where does the witch’s gentleness leak from, and who is he without the burden of his experiences?Taehyung thrives on the island. It is obvious in the way the island has grown around him, how the birds, plants and trees lean towards the witch and how he has infused the waters with their own mythic creatures. Perhaps it is due to his past that Taehyung had promised to make a home out of his prison. Jeongguk admires him for it, can’t imagine the sheer grit and stubbornness with which Taehyung persisted in his own way. And yet, Jeongguk wishes Taehyung could thrive in happiness instead of—anger. That he makes the island his home from his heart, from a place of love rather than fear, grief or revenge.Jeongguk has no right to ask this of Taehyung or impose it on him, but every time he sees Taehyung or the way he flinches from Jeongguk’s care, looks fearful to accept it or even admit he wants it, how he looks like he wants to run far, far away—All Jeongguk wants is that Taehyung is safe in his own home.  He thinks about Taehyung’s confession for days after.All the potions and the little tests Taehyung had made him do was to find a way home for Jeongguk. When Taehyung had told Jeongguk he would be a prisoner just like Taehyung, it had crushed him. Jeongguk had refused to believe it, not wanting to acknowledge a witch known to trick men and women alike. But it had become apparent soon enough and Jeongguk had made his peace eventually with having to create a life with someone he couldn’t trust. He did trust Taehyung in the long run and it cemented the feeling of peace that he wasn’t all lost. Maybe he would never go back to Sunsong and would instead live out the rest of his days here, and never meet his family again, never let them know he was alive and well—but Jeongguk took it in his stride.Still, having to touch the wall and seeing how impossible it was left the ground beneath his feet shaking.But now that Taehyung said he was looking for a way out—did it mean Taehyung would come along as well?Jeongguk doesn’t dare hope, but even as he mulls over it he can see the vision in front of his eyes, the whispers of the sirens in his mind. Taehyung on a ship with him as they explored, sometimes they would be too wrapped in each other and it would be fine because it’s what Taehyung deserved—to know that he was worth being cherished.He is attracted to the witch—he would be blind to admit he wasn’t. But Jeongguk isn’t deluded enough to think that just because they fucked and have been a lot more generous with their touches means that Taehyung would change his mind, least of all for Jeongguk of all people.Yet, at dinner time when the two of them sit on the sand with the waves lapping at their feet, Jeongguk dares to ask anyway.“If you find a way out, and I could leave,” he whispers, noting the way Taehyung stiffens even as he keeps his head on Jeongguk’s shoulder. “Would you come with me?”He can’t imagine leaving Taehyung behind, so maybe if he convinces Taehyung enough about the world, the witch would change his mind.“This again?” Taehyung asks, unmoving but alert. Jeongguk can tell him apart by breath alone. “I told you, didn’t I? This island is my home and it keeps me safe.”“It keeps you away from living,” Jeongguk insists. It’s perhaps the way he grew up but Jeongguk can’t understand how one can remain okay with staying in one moment and one path forever. “It keeps you stagnant.”Taehyung scoffs. Jeongguk is no longer afraid of saying the things on his mind and Taehyung doesn’t seem ready to smite him backwards with a flick of his hand. “I assume you would know.”“Yes, I would.”“Your knowledge served you well, did it?”Jeongguk shifts to the side, facing Taehyung—who refuses to meet his eyes, staring at the moonlit ocean ahead. “What is that supposed to mean?”“You chased adventure,” Taehyung states, his gaze aloof. “And you ended up trapped on an island, living a stagnant life anyway.”It shouldn’t hurt so much but it does because it’s the truth, one that will haunt Jeongguk for the rest of his time. But for Taehyung to use it… “That isn’t fair.”Taehyung opens his mouth before shutting it, lips pressed into a thin line. “That I spoke the truth?”“That you knew it would hurt me and you said it anyway,” Jeongguk clarifies before shifting back into position, pulling Taehyung close again. He’s not angry, not like how he would have been before he came to this island. He had been such a spoilt brat. “But then again—it wasn’t fair of me to push you or try to change your mind either.”The witch is silent and Jeongguk is quiet with him. The ocean breeze caresses his face, through his hair and down his shirt. Jeongguk fiddles with the moonstone pendant, remembering how he said goodbye to Jimin on a similar night for the last time.“I don’t know if I want to go back to a world where I was never loved,” Taehyung whispers after a while, head back on Jeongguk’s shoulder. Jeongguk straightens, eager to hear more. It’s a different answer but better than the firm refusal from earlier. “At least here I have only myself to rely on. Isn’t that for the best?”It’s a reasonable fear. Maybe not one Jeongguk has experienced but one he can comprehend. He thinks of Jimin then, the first time Jeongguk took him swimming after the tragic death of his parents. How Jimin had refused, sobbed and shouted, unable to bear the sight of water. Jeongguk hadn’t understood then but he had stayed anyway and coaxed the boy, over and over each night until Jimin could handle shallow pools and eventually ponds. He would never be okay with the sea—but Jeongguk realises the fear that haunted him.Maybe Taehyung had learnt to keep to himself. The island was the only thing he had and he carved something out of it, and now, he is afraid to let go of it. And like with Jimin, Jeongguk will stay until Taehyung is ready to face the fear: what if he is never loved outside of this prison?“What if the world isn’t all that bad?” Jeongguk probes, squeezing his fingers together. The waves continue their rhythm. “Don’t you want to see? When or if I leave, wouldn’t you want to come too?”He is met with silence but he can taste the doubt in the air. It happens frequently these days, how Taehyung is happy and suddenly dips into sorrow as if he is reminded of something. Jeongguk wishes the other would just tell him, but maybe it’s about the curse. He hates it the longer he knows about it.“I think I might,” Taehyung murmurs then, so soft it nearly falls on deaf ears. “You were—are—right. I wouldn’t have stayed on this island if I wasn’t bound by the curse.”Jeongguk taps his fingers against his knees, his toes digging into the wet sand. Excitement bubbles in his stomach and when he shifts, he is eager to see Taehyung’s face. But Taehyung smiles sadly, lifting his head and patting Jeongguk’s cheek softly, his palm warm and gritty with sand. “What? What’s wrong?”Taehyung shakes his head. “Nothing. Just an odd wandering thought.”It’s frustrating to be kept in the dark. “What is making you so sad these days, Taehyung?”The witch tilts his head, studying Jeongguk who stares right back. In the moonlight, he looks even more ethereal and Jeongguk can’t believe such an entity exists. The fantasy vanishes the moment Taehyung sighs. “The earnestness in your voice hurts to hear.”Confusion leaks in his chest, surrounding the eager beating of his heart and mocking it. Jeongguk can’t comprehend what the witch could possibly mean now. Every time he makes a discovery or receives a way forward, something blocks it. Taehyung blocks it, his mind whispers and Jeongguk shakes his head, refusing to accept it. Taehyung has been sufficiently hurt and dealt the wrong cards throughout life to risk all these new plunges into the unknown—even if it confuses Jeongguk.“What’s the matter now?” Jeongguk lets out, startling Taehyung from the sudden movement. Jeongguk kneels in front, twisting his hands. “I don’t understand, Taehyung. We take one step forward but two steps back and I don’t know why.”Taehyung’s eyes shutter. “Jeongguk—”“If you find a way out and you’re ready to leave inspite of your fears then—then what could possibly be stopping you?”“It’s not what you think—”“Is it me then?” Jeongguk asks, and he hates how his voice trembles from the fear of it. The fear that perhaps Taehyung doesn’t care for Jeongguk as much, maybe wants to be rid of him. “Am I imposing in any way? Because if I am then I apologise. I—I thought we had the same dream. But if not then—then I’ll stop. I’ll never force you to come with—”Jeongguk finds himself cut off when Taehyung closes the gap, holding his face so tenderly he would melt if he allowed himself to. He has only a moment before the witch presses in, the soft imprint of a kiss lingering. Jeongguk finds himself returning it, habit cast into his mind and body and everything in between. But it’s not one of the kisses they share because Taehyung pulls back—and looks devastated.It shatters a part of Jeongguk’s heart but Taehyung doesn’t let go after.“It’s not what you’re thinking,” Taehyung murmurs, so close his breath is warm on Jeongguk’s face, so close he can count each eyelash. “So stop saying anything before you end up breaking your heart.”“You’re the only one who can,” Jeongguk breathes out, unthinking and careless. “You’re doing it right now.”The witch closes his eyes and shakes his head, before facing Jeongguk again and smiling sadly. For once, however, Jeongguk doesn’t want to marvel at its sight. “Don’t be silly. I could never break your heart.”“Taehyung—”“You can’t drive yourself into circles like this, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says, pressing one more kiss. Lips, then the corner of it, along his jaw. Over his cheeks, like he’s marking Jeongguk—and he’s letting it happen, enjoying the comfort of it even as his mind rages with questions. “Save your pain for something that deserves it.”Jeongguk pulls back then, away from the chain of kisses Taehyung litters across his skin. “What do you mean?”Taehyung freezes momentarily before closing in again, now in Jeongguk’s lap with his arms around Jeongguk’s neck. “Never mind. Odd ramblings again.”Maybe Jeongguk is thinking too much or reading into things with no material. But he’s learnt something about Taehyung, about how he likes to keep quiet and fix things as per his standards. Has learnt how it ended disastrously for him, and Jeongguk refuses to be a part of that cycle. Maybe it’s the curse and that’s why Taehyung isn’t talking, but something is so wrong about this entire exchange and he can’t pin a finger on it.When Taehyung makes his way down Jeongguk’s throat and close to his shoulder, he pushes him away slightly, thumb rubbing over his plump lips. Jeongguk would do anything to just dive in and forget about the world. Yet, he can’t stop his curiosity, not again.“No, don’t do that. Tell me what you mean,” he insists, caressing Taehyung’s hair and hitching him close, arms around his waist so he can’t escape. Not again.Taehyung looks helpless, his eyes shifting. “Jeongguk, you know I can’t talk about it. I told you—”“There has to be a way. Tell me about the curse without telling me, but gods—don’t hide it, Taehyung,” Jeongguk cuts in, squeezing his waist, the warmth of his body leaking through the robes. “I can’t bear to see you so miserable.”At that, Taehyung stops struggling, staring at Jeongguk before his lip wobbles slightly and a tear falls out. It’s not long before he squeezes his eyes shut and burrows his neck into Jeongguk’s shoulder, letting out little sniffles. Jeongguk’s hand strokes his back while rocking the other, content amongst the sand with the moon and the song of the ocean.“You’re too good to me,” Taehyung says after a while, speaking into his neck. Jeongguk hums. “Which is why I hate this happened.”“Just tell me.”“I can’t talk about the curse,” Taehyung repeats again, raising his head and gazing right into Jeongguk’s eyes. Jeongguk nods. “If I even try, nothing comes out.”“I know, but tell me however you can. A hint or a—”“I know I told you I’m finding a way out,” Taehyung cuts in, now playing with Jeongguk’s pendant. He refuses to meet Jeongguk’s eyes. “And I’m sorry there isn’t one.”The words hang between them for a moment before the meaning settles—no, crashes—into Jeongguk’s mind, dislodging all the thoughts he ever had. He is familiar with the way hope cuts, how it leaves him high and dry with nothing but a trail of blood—and it surprises him how it hurts him when it happens again. “What do you mean?”Taehyung presses his lips into a line, but Jeongguk can outline the shape of them, the slight wobbling on their edges. Fear fringes in his eyes like a cornered animal. “It’s…it’s possible that you can’t leave the island because…because of my curse.”He hears the words but they float around, bouncing against the shield his mind has raised. “But you said — you said there was a way, and you were trying—”“I’m sorry,” Taehyung whispers in response, a broken plea for Jeongguk’s understanding. His compassion. “I’m so sorry.”“I don’t—” Jeongguk closes his eyes and inhales, willing away the tight fist around his heart, the painful press of it against his ribs. “I don’t understand—what is your curse, Taehyung?”It’s a hopeless question with a hopeless answer, and one Taehyung can’t ever answer. Both are trapped in the dark and the anger is a hot, pulsing creature idling in his belly, simmering away but silent still.“I can’t say it,” Taehyung reminds him again, and Jeongguk nods. “My people, they—they devised a way to keep me here, and anyone foolish enough to—to enter this place was bound to it, just as I am.”Jeongguk can sense how hard Taehyung is trying, how much he aches to explain but the sound won’t escape his mouth. The frustrated line between his eyes, the way his lips curl—he smoothens down immediately even as the hope sinks in his stomach.He can also sense that Taehyung is holding back something, even though he can speak it into existence.“But you already know how to break it, don’t you?” Jeongguk asks, and Taehyung’s eyes snap open, horror and guilt both leaking in. “You know it, but if you talk about it then—then you could never hope to break it.”“How did you know—?”“I don’t know what it is you’re supposed to be breaking, or what role I play in it, but I’ve read enough fairy tales to understand,” Jeongguk says, smiling and tucking Taehyung’s hair behind his ears. “Your hands are tied.”“I tried, I swear I have,” Taehyung stumbles out, squeezing Jeongguk’s shoulders, his eyes shaking. “My curse, it—it binds everyone to the island. And unless I find a way to break it, nothing matters. I tried, Jeongguk, I promise—”“Hey, hey, I believe you,” Jeongguk shushes, pinching his lips close and pecking him for good measure. How he has it in him to console Taehyung when all he wants is to surrender to the ocean and sink away, he doesn’t know. “I know you did. I know. I believe you.”Taehyung shudders as he lets a breath out and tears leak again, dripping down his nose and into his mouth—Jeongguk holds himself back from taking them in. He wants to cherish Taehyung, take away all his misery and disperse it into the clouds. One person shouldn’t have to bear with so much of it alone.“It’s why I killed them, you know,” Taehyung chokes out when he lets up, sniffling. Distracted, Jeongguk wonders if anyone can be so beautiful when they cry too. What an utterly sordid thought to have. “Some of them. They weren’t all terrible.”“The sailors?” Jeongguk questions and Taehyung nods, wiping his eyes. Jeongguk collects some of the tears as well.“I didn’t—I didn’t care for them, but they were alright. Scared and kept to themselves, and I couldn’t—I couldn’t just kill someone without a reason. So I watched them wither away. Until death felt like mercy than a punishment.”“Since they were doomed to die anyway?” Jeongguk probes and watches as Taehyung freezes before he nods. So, not entirely the truth. Jeongguk has had his suspicions for a long time about the long life Taehyung has led but could never bring himself to ask. “But they wouldn’t have died, would they, Taehyung?”Taehyung stops drying his eyes and stares, caught off-guard. He opens his mouth to explain but Jeongguk pats him, keeps him close. Even with his guess confirmed he can’t bring himself to hate the other, not anymore.“I thought I was being—being merciful.”“In a way, it is,” Jeongguk concedes. Thinks about living on the island forever, of never ageing and living the same way day in and out. Taehyung for company, until they figured out a way or perhaps never did. About never meeting his people again. “You never made that choice for me, however.”Taehyung had told Jeongguk how different he was from the others. And he gets it, when he compares himself to the ruthless bastards preying upon Taehyung’s treasure or his body or his hospitality. He can draw the line then, but what about the ones who kept to themselves? How is Jeongguk different from those?The witch has nothing to say for himself. “If you’re asking me why, I don’t know.”But Jeongguk has loved before or at least felt some semblance of it to know what the difference means. The same fondness but intensified, the need to move the moon for the person and give it to them. Has seen it in his parents’ eyes, in Yoongi and Seokjin’s love and how Jeongguk would chase after that one classmate of his back when he was sixteen name days old.He’s afraid to name it, both for himself and Taehyung.“I think I know,” he murmurs instead, and Taehyung’s eyes widen but Jeongguk places a hand over his mouth. He doesn’t want questions, he doesn’t want to speak of it. “But I won’t ask you to tell me.”Taehyung’s eyes shake before he nods, and when Jeongguk removes his hand he surges forward, capturing his mouth in a kiss that turns heated as fast as it began. And though the anger boils in his belly and clamours to be let out, Jeongguk tampers down on it and focuses on what he can have, what he’ll allow himself to have for gods know how long.“I’m sorry,” Taehyung whispers into his mouth as he presses further, and Jeongguk tumbles back into the sand with Taehyung on top. He adjusts himself and resumes leaving kisses all over. Jeongguk welcomes it all, welcomes the distraction from anger and the cold dread building in his belly. The eventual demise of hope. “I’m so, so sorry.”Jeongguk is sorry too. Sorry for so much, for rebelling against his parents and Yoongi, for going against everything he knew and choosing a reckless call to glory, for stumbling in and closing the way out. He’s sorry he did all of those boyish things, and he’s sorry Taehyung is in pain, and chose Jeongguk for whatever reason but is unable to save him in the end.How cruel Taehyung’s people were to tie him down like this, for inflicting such a hopeless punishment with no way out—and gods knew how long Taehyung had stood against it, over and over again, refusing to back down. Committing his own horrors to keep standing. How could Jeongguk blame him for that? The witch is guilt-ridden and sorrowful for having no way out; all Jeongguk can be is gentle. Because Taehyung didn’t ask for it, so is it really his fault—or simply the consequences of his actions?“I don’t mind staying forever on this island,” Jeongguk says, arm keeping Taehyung steady on him while he takes the other hand and kisses it softly. Strange how they’re so close but he can’t feel Taehyung’s heart. The sand digs into his back. “If it makes you feel better. It makes me feel better, too."Taehyung lays on Jeongguk’s chest, ear over his heart. He could hear every stutter in its beat, every pulse through his body. The ocean is in the same rhythm, and while a part of Jeongguk wishes this was happening inside—another can’t help but marvel at the poetry of it all. The ocean and Taehyung—perhaps two of the things he’s cared for the most at the same time. “What about your people back home?”“What about them?”“You miss them so terribly.” Each word spoken into Jeongguk travels lightning fast through his chest and down his limbs. They punch him in all the spots—Jeongguk does, he misses Sunsong so badly he thinks he’s stopped altogether. But it all haunts his mind when he least expects it, a piercing memory.“What’s done is done. It’s no use crying over spilt milk, is there?” Jeongguk posits out loud. He wishes he felt as brave as the words he let out, but he won’t have Taehyung remain sad on his account, not anymore. “They’ll be sad but—I can learn to be okay with that. I made peace with once, I can do it again.”Even as he says it he realises the magnanimity of the words. Isn’t that what life was about, in the end? Acceptance. Of every wave that came his way, high or low, rough or slow. He was on his boat and he couldn’t succumb to the ocean, only steer his wheel as best as he could. And when he couldn’t, he could only just be and accept the ocean as the mightier of the two.Such was his battle with the Fates as well.He stares up at the stars, the constellations clustered together spelling out figures he had only used for navigation. How he can gaze at them however long he wanted and marvel at their beauty. Hate them for their permanence and how they mocked him because Jeongguk can tell which way he has to go but he can’t do anything about it.The stars blur together until Jeongguk feels his shirt get wet, and he looks down to see Taehyung clutching at it, face burrowed into the linen—shudders running down his back. “Taehyung?” Hey, what’s wrong?”The witch shakes his head and keeps his eyes squeezed shut. Jeongguk takes his hand again and pecks them, rubbing his back in slow rhythmic strokes. The ocean roars in his ears but all of his focus is on the person in front.Finally, Taehyung looks up, chin on Jeongguk’s sternum and he laughs wetly through his tears. He tilts his head and keeps his eyes on Jeongguk, whose leg begins to jump the longer he stares. “I’m fine, truly.”“Then what happened? What did I say?”“Nothing. Except for wisdom I never expected to hear from someone so young,” Taehyung says. His eyes are fond and his smile is sad. “For someone so young and untested, you’re so mature. You’re willing to let go and forgive just to pursue peace. And yet here I am, having had all this time—and I’ve only let my wounds fester.”“It’s not your fault—you didn’t have anyone telling you it is okay to let go. No reason to do it.”“Maybe so,” Taehyung murmurs. His eyes blink heavily. “I wonder if my curse persists because I refuse to forgive.”It’s a curious way to look at it, something Jeongguk wouldn’t have considered by himself. But he can hear the pain in those words, the way Taehyung hides it behind a wall. “Perhaps—perhaps curses are curses not because of magic but because we ourselves believe we deserve to be cursed,” Jeongguk says slowly. Taehyung wakes up a little. “And so, our fate remains cruel, since we never forgive ourselves.”It feels like something a child would say and the words don’t fit in Jeongguk’s mouth—but the witch stares in wonder, mouth slightly open in amazement. Jeongguk looks away then, heat trapping in his cheeks even as Taehyung’s weight settles in comfortably.“Jeongguk—I have never met anyone like you. And I don’t think I ever will.”He has nothing to say in response—but maybe they don’t have to. It melts into a comfortable silence pregnant with hurt, injustice and sorrow—but gratitude as well, for having met Taehyung and learning about the world through him. As Taehyung curls into him and they choose to remain on the sand by the beach—Jeongguk mulls in the silence with him. || The cotton is soft beneath his back and the silk rubs against his calves somewhere but Jeongguk is at Taehyung’s mercy and he doesn’t care about any of it.Doesn’t care about the world, the roar of the ocean by the window or the way the curtains billow in its wind when all he can feel is the tight heat of Taehyung’s mouth and the silken tresses under his fingers.Jeongguk arches his back as Taehyung hollows out his mouth, nails gripping into the meat of his thighs. He’s not even naked, trousers half down and sticking to his skin. His shirt is rucked up halfway and Jeongguk shudders when Taehyung trails a finger down his abdomen, scratching lightly at his hips. He squeezes his eyes shut, and though his mouth falls open, no sound escapes.Use of magic in the bedroom comes with its surprises though Jeongguk isn’t complaining about it. It doesn’t fix the bottomless pit of despair brewing in his stomach, a fierce war against the steady heat building alongside— but Jeongguk is human and he isn’t immune to Taehyung. Definitely not when the witch looked at him with intent, and what was he supposed to do? Refuse?Only a mad man would turn him down especially when Taehyung is so gifted in the art of it.“Look at you,” Taehyung murmurs, voice raspy, lips swollen sinfully. Gods above, Jeongguk is cursed to go to the underworld simply for this sight. “Unable to speak. Helpless.” He kisses the tip of Jeongguk’s cock, smiles ruefully as Jeongguk trembles. “Pathetic. By far the most sensitive of them all.”Jeongguk tries but he’s frozen. He can see the faded purple tendrils locking him down, the way they press into him and convince him to remain quiet. It’s addictive, how enlightening Taehyung’s power is. How he asked and Taehyung let it flow and now he’s trapped—but in the best of ways possible.“All of you humans bleed the same,” Taehyung continues, scratching along Jeongguk’s inner thigh. Too close but not close enough to where Jeongguk wants it. Needs it. “Bend over a little and blink too close and all of you are waiting with your cocks out. Or cunts, whoever is ready to beg.”Jeongguk whines, the first sound he’s been able to make. It burns in his mouth and leaves a bitter tinge as he resists the hold of the spell. Taehyung had warned him that it wouldn’t be easy, but Jeongguk has never been one to back away from a challenge. He thinks about all the others who wanted what he wants from Taehyung, but he had earned it unlike them. He deserved to be broken in like this.Taehyung tuts and moves a finger. He’s still in his outer robes, didn’t even bother undressing. It had been a mad dash instead of the careful ways they reach for each other and now—Jeongguk doesn’t have a way out.The weight around his tongue lessens and he can finally speak. “Fuck. Gods above.”“Is that what you wish to do?” Taehyung asks nonchalantly, studying his fingernails. Jeongguk tamps down on the urge to wrangle him into bed and kiss away the smugness. Maybe fuck it away too but Jeongguk is bone tired. “Fuck me until you come? You’re still hard.”“Please stop,” Jeongguk breathes out. Sweat runs down his neck and into his shirt. Who knew resisting magic was so much work? “I’m quite sensitive right now.”“Perhaps a touch will do?” Taehyung asks and grips Jeongguk’s cock in a loose ring, starting a rhythm. Jeongguk can’t move the rest of his body. He is merely a puppet. “Look at that. So responsive.”“You are truly a vixen,” Jeongguk murmurs, hand over his eyes as he gives in to the pleasure bubbling in his gut. The silken feel of Taehyung’s hand around him, the assurance of coming apart. It’s been so long since the last time. “Maybe some of the rumours were right.”He can hear more than see Taehyung’s smile. It would wreck him to see it now. “About me beguiling hapless men and women into my bed?”“Hapless seems right,” Jeongguk answers, breath shorter with each stroke. He gasps when Taehyung stops and wraps his lips on him again, and nearly cries when he comes at last—the witch swallowing every drop. It should disgust him. He doesn’t want to soil Taehyung, and yet— “You didn’t have to.”Taehyung seems unbothered as he cleans up, before raising his head and licking his lips clean. He pecks Jeongguk’s thigh before tucking him in, and then climbs up, leaning over Jeongguk. His eyes search all over before he smiles, sighing happily. When he drops a kiss, Jeongguk can taste himself—and promptly wrinkles his nose.“The other rumour is how my powers are fuelled by the pleasure of the people I seduce,” Taehyung says, seriously enough that Jeongguk believes him. It’s not like he knows a lot about magic. “It’s a powerful thing.”“Is it?”“Mm, useful in many potions too,” Taehyung continues, smiling wickedly. He plays with Jeongguk’s pendant. “Let me know if you want to volunteer any time.”The image is visceral, the thought adding to the remnant of the heat under his skin. Jeongguk being pleasured, collecting it so Taehyung could use it for his spells—and wouldn’t that be the most poetic thing he’s ever seen. A little bit of Jeongguk in everything Taehyung spells, just the two of them—But that didn’t make sense. In all his time here, Taehyung had never once hinted about this, and Jeongguk knows Taehyung would be the last person to be ashamed about asking. Which means—“You lying minx,” Jeongguk spits out, and Taehyung starts laughing, his body shaking next to Jeongguk’s. He’s still spelled to remain still so he can do nothing but watch with muted rage. Maybe fondness for the way Taehyung’s eyes seem so bright. “You had me there for a moment.”Taehyung raises himself up and pecks all over Jeongguk’s face before whispering under his breath. The moment Jeongguk’s body goes slack he lunges, twisting and trapping a shrieking Taehyung beneath him. Taehyung doesn’t resist much—both of them know how much stronger he is than Jeongguk and how he can easily overpower the other—but only if Jeongguk meant harm. And he never would, not with the way his heart thunders in his chest at the sight of the witch below.“Now this is more like it,” Jeongguk whispers, leaning down and kissing along Taehyung’s jaw, his neck and nuzzling into his shoulder. The lavender and sage intensify. “We still haven’t taken care of you yet.”Both of them look down simultaneously but Taehyung closes his legs, and Jeongguk knows when to take a hint. He’s not upset. “I’m alright. Tonight was all about you.”“And when did we decide that?”“You didn’t, I did,” Taehyung answers simply, smiling impishly. Jeongguk shakes his head. “You have—you have borne so much more than you were supposed to. It hasn’t been easy, has it?”Jeongguk looks up at that. Something about that upsets him. “Is this some ghastly way of paying me back?” When Taehyung presses his lips and remains silent, Jeongguk scoffs. Tumbles to the side, sticking close but staring at the ceiling. “Taehyung, you don’t owe me any reparations for the Fates’ cruelty. Least of all like this.”“I know, I know,” Taehyung murmurs. He reaches for Jeongguk’s hand in the middle and winds his fingers through it. “I don’t know how else to apologise.”“Let’s start by stopping,” Jeongguk says. He understands the guilt, the burden Taehyung carries. “You don’t owe me any apologies. So stop taking the burden of fixing it.”Taehyung exhales shakily. “It’s not that easy.”“If you don’t start at all, of course, it won’t,” Jeongguk whispers. He doesn’t feel wronged. Coming to the island was his choice and Taehyung’s existence on the island, the lure and the trap were all set in stone aeons before Jeongguk was even born. “It’s not your fault. I will repeat it till the end of time—it’s not your fault. I don’t blame you.”He’s met with silence but he supposes that’s natural. He squeezes Taehyung’s hand and revels in it being squeezed back. “For a human, you’re remarkably forgiving.”“It’s a flaw alright,” Jeongguk grumbles, and Taehyung snorts. “I’m terrible with grudges. I remember all the wrongs but I just—I can’t hold onto them forever. They’d rot me inside out.”“How remarkably wise,” Taehyung teases and huffs when Jeongguk pinches him in the side. “And incapable of taking a joke.”“You’re doing that thing where you talk over so you don’t have to acknowledge how you really feel,” Jeongguk points out blandly, and this time it’s his turn to huff when Taehyung pinches him. “Clearly, unable to take a joke yourself.”“A match made in the stars,” Taehyung snarks back then halts when Jeongguk’s breathing hitches. Gulps. “I mean…I meant—because it’s just us right now, I didn’t mean to—”“No, I understood,” Jeongguk says gruffly, clearing his throat. The vision floods his mind. Building a life with Taehyung, courting him like he would the people back in Sunsong. Making him gifts and coming back home. “Because it’s just us.”“Right.”“In another universe, we would be,” Jeongguk continues. So what if the dream tastes like ash in his mouth? So what if it’s just them in the end and it’s only sex every once in a while? What does one do when they can live forever and ever? Wasn’t it mortality that made living worth it? “One where we could die any moment and so we had to live just as hard.”“If I were a regular boy visiting your town.”“And I chased you down at the bar, and you walked away from me until you couldn’t.”“And then you’d be a very generous lover.” Taehyung continues, rubbing the back of Jeongguk’s hand. The sorrow of a memory that will never happen presses into him. “But I would have to leave soon and you’d move the oceans to convince me to stay.”He would, wouldn’t he? If Jeongguk met Taehyung elsewhere, he thinks he would have fallen fast. Perhaps wanting to own him but—but eventually realising how he could never be owned, never be caught. Only cherished, and Jeongguk would have done anything to do so. But they’re here in the middle of nowhere with no one to watch and no milestone to claim. Forever young and trapped, running around in circles until they can’t.“I’d clean up my act,” Jeongguk adds anyway even though each word drives a spike into his heart. How desperately he wishes for this to be true, but alas. “We’d travel the world. But eventually, you’d ask for a home and I’d build you one, anywhere you wanted. Maybe back in Sunsong, or one of the countries we liked during our travels.”“And after that?”“I’d worship you,” Jeongguk slips out, so suddenly and so out of the blue his heart races. What is he saying, and that too out loud? “I’d prove to you every day that you did the right thing in choosing me. The home we’d build would be full of laughter and joy with no room for anger.”A tear slips out of his eye even as he stops speaking, the wish a heavy stone on his heart. It is what Taehyung deserves; someone who would take one look at him and want nothing but the best, an abundance of love dwelling inside. It’s perhaps what Jeongguk deserves too, but he isn’t convinced for himself. He’s had a life full of love and joy and all those things he never missed until they slipped away. But Taehyung has never had them, and it’s all Jeongguk can do to impart it poorly to the best of his abilities.“Would I be loved, Jeongguk?” Taehyung asks then and Jeongguk wipes away his eyes hastily, squeezing Taehyung’s hand. What a ridiculous question to ask. He opens his mouth to say so but Taehyung beats him to it. “Could…could someone like you learn to love me?”It’s the kind of question people don’t ask often of each other. There is a rhythm with which they move into each other’s lives, a quiet acceptance of what they mean. No one sits around and thinks if they can be loved—unless love has been so scarce its lack is embedded into their very soul.Why Taehyung would question it so suddenly or care about it so much is lost on Jeongguk, but like with everything else, he takes his time to ponder on it. Can he learn to love Taehyung? It would mean questioning what love is. And Jeongguk knows it, has seen and heard and felt it, thrived most of his life due to its presence. The understanding that it would always be there, and the first time he felt it gone it had nearly ruined him. When his father stopped talking or when Jimin refused to meet his eyes, when the whole town which adored him had turned their backs on him—Jeongguk had thought he’d wither forever.When he arrived on this island and had nothing, it had felt like a sign. Give up while it’s still fresh. He didn’t and yet, Jeongguk realises, he’d never stopped the quest for it. His thirst for the all-encompassing nature of love, how he questioned Taehyung and learnt about the island inside out, how he persisted—these were all his attempts, in the end.And Taehyung? He’d eventually won Jeongguk over, and Jeongguk had won him back. He didn’t know Taehyung but he knew him and isn’t that love too? Jeongguk is a walking jigsaw with all his puzzle pieces intact, imprints of his loved ones on his person. People out there know of Jeon Jeongguk and he knows about them even if he hasn’t seen them in years or will probably never see them, because of another person that he’s endeavoured to know inside out.Could he learn to love someone like Taehyung? What a ridiculous question to ask when the answer is right in front of his eyes.“I think I already do,” Jeongguk whispers, aware of every shared breath and every pause in the air. His heart beats furiously against his ribs, hard enough he feels they would crack. “After all, you’re easy to love.”Nothing happens when he says those words. The ground is steady, the oceans keep their rhythm and the skies persist high above. All the things Jeongguk thought happens when people say such things—none of it changes. But his heart slows down a little and the ache reduces. Acceptance, in the end—that is what humans chased.Until Taehyung cries out suddenly, jerking upward and clutching his chest, wheezing. His eyes are moist with tears, a couple of which fall but Jeongguk is frantic, unaware of what happened. He hovers around while Taehyung breathes harshly, but doesn’t touch. When his hand brushes against Taehyung’s, his skin seems warmer than usual—and Taehyung doesn’t run hot or cold.Jeongguk waits instead, and when Taehyung opens his eyes—he only looks at Jeongguk with utmost sorrow, so deep it pierces Jeongguk right in his heart, a meandering ache lodging in his chest.“Taehyung? Are you alright? Why did you ask me that—?”“I’m sorry,” Taehyung gasps out, leaving his robes and holding Jeongguk’s face in his palms. Caressing his cheek, wiping away the last of the stray tears. Somehow, Jeongguk knows Taehyung isn’t talking about his adverse reaction. “I’m so sorry this is your fate.”Jeongguk blinks. Not what he expected. “What are you talking about?”“I don’t think I can be loved,” Taehyung rambles on, still gazing into Jeongguk’s eyes but not really meeting them. “My curse won’t allow it, so how can someone like you love me?”Is that what the curse is then? He has no inkling and he perhaps never will, but yet here Taehyung is again with that persistent guilt. Jeongguk hates it; the way Taehyung is still blaming himself for something he never chose. He was punished for his crime, yes, but the kind of punishment was all on the heads of his cruel people. Taehyung never asked for this and yet has taken sole responsibility for it.It’s not right. Taehyung shouldn’t have to bear such a heavy burden, but no matter what Jeongguk tries the other is obstinate about it. How can he help when Taehyung insists on punishing himself?Jeongguk presses his palm to Taehyung’s cheek. The two of them are a match indeed, both wrapped in each other’s pain and both wanting it to stop. In an ideal world, they would have been perfect.He is angered by the curse. He hates it with all his heart, but Jeongguk isn’t good with grudges in the end—and he isn’t now, not when he faces Taehyung and fondness floods his veins. Beneath it all—the anger and sorrow, the confusion and guilt and shame—is love. Taehyung is easy to love, and Jeongguk didn’t know until this moment but it’s so clear. He can see why Taehyung doubts it, given how long it took him to realise. How Taehyung’s beliefs haunt him and make him think he’s impossible to love.Jeongguk can’t force Taehyung to think a certain way or believe something about himself when he’s never had the chance to develop such faith. All he can do, in the end, is to try and let him know that someone cares. Even if he’s the only one left.“I think you’re telling yourself a story you’ve created and fed and believed for years,” Jeongguk starts, heart in his mouth and hope a swooping fall in his gut. “And you’ve made choices that keep the story alive. So you think you can’t be loved.”Taehyung’s mouth falls open even as he rubs at his chest. “Jeongguk—”“I don’t know how much of what I feel right now is real or enough of an answer to your question but,” Jeongguk gulps then. Hopes he’s not burning a bridge as he speaks. “But I came here first willingly, not because I wanted riches or gold but because I wanted to know who this monster was that people were scared of.”“Jeongguk, you don’t have to—”“I wanted to be the first one to come back home alive. That was all,” Jeongguk persists, wanting the words flung out of his chest before he trapped them inside once more. “But what I found was that to love him was the easiest thing I’ve ever done. So yes, Taehyung. I could learn to love someone like you. And I think I already do.” ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-Three|

   
If Taehyung were to stack his wishes and wants into a line, it would be a short one consisting of one single thing: I want to be loved. Yet, when he hears the words or whatever alludes to them, his mind is utterly blank.“…what I found was that it was the easiest thing to love him. So yes, Taehyung. I could learn to love someone like you. I think I already do.”What his mind can’t comprehend, his heart does for him—and even before the sentence is complete, Taehyung’s chest constricts in the worst pain he has ever felt since he’s been alive.It punches his chest from within, the equivalent of a fist cracking against his ribs in wanting to push through. It’s so large that he can’t breathe, and Taehyung’s never quite known what death is, cursed as he is to live forever—but he thinks this comes close. The final call, Death visiting to collect at last.Jungkook’s face crumples into alarm as he shoots up with Taehyung, hands hovering around while Taehyung clutches at his chest, wishing he could squeeze out the hurt. His skin is hot, and Taehyung never runs hot or cold. He’s sure he’s burning alive inside but can’t locate the source of the fire and he wants it gone, gone, gone—“Taehyung? Hey, Taehyung!” Jungkook says, panicking even as he places the back of his hand against Taehyung’s forehead, which is clammy. As if he were a human suffering from an illness. Taehyung can’t bear the alarm on Jeongguk’s face.“It is fine, I’m fine,” he gets out, voice hoarse even though his skin itches. The heat is concentrating around his chest and Taehyung does not dare hope it means what it means. “Nothing’s happened.”“You’re in pain,” Jeongguk notes, pressing his palm across all the exposed skin, frowning. “You looked like you were going to—”“But I’m not, Jeongguk, don’t worry,” Taehyung coos, patting Jeongguk’s face with his free hand. Hope is a wild beast in his belly and he wants to surrender to it—but at what cost? “You looked like you wanted to say something.”“That can wait—”“Really, Jeongguk, don’t be such a mother hen,” Taehyung cuts in. He needs Jeongguk to keep talking, needs him to complete it and see for himself if he can hope at last. “Something about a home?”Jeongguk stares, his gaze incredulous but Taehyung smiles genially, hoping it distracts him. And perhaps it does, what with the way his tunic is askew and serves a generous helping of skin that Jeongguk can’t resist. Taehyung knows him.But he seems to have made his decision, perhaps understood there is no pushing Taehyung on something he doesn’t want to be pushed about—and proceeds.“You asked me how I could love someone like you. I think that’s easy. It’s mostly about what love means to us, right?”His chest is so tight but Taehyung refuses to bring any attention to it. “What does love mean, then?”“It is home,” Jeongguk exhales, eyes shuttering. He caresses Taehyung’s hand. “You asked me if I would miss home. And I will, I will dearly miss Sunsong all the time. But I’m at home here as well.”The way Jeongguk has a way with words—it’s unlike any poet or bard Taehyung’s had the pleasure to host. Nothing great, but there is comfort laced in each syllable. “How?”“It’s different from Sunsong—it’s lonesome and it can never be found, but it’s warm where it needs to be—and I think that is what love is. If it makes you feel good or warm, and safe—then it’s love. It’s all any of us have ever wanted. Don’t you think so?”Jeongguk doesn’t wait for Taehyung’s answer, however, instead choosing to pull him in gently and kiss him again—none of those heated exchanges, the kind Taehyung had learnt to crave and grow into but there is something about the tenderness of this moment which breaks everything.Everything.The pain in his chest grows worse than any other time—so much so it feels like his heart is ripping through his ribcage. It’s unbearable and winds through him like a punch in his gut, the cracks echoing everywhere. Taehyung’s mind is blank for a moment, a keening in his ears even as all sounds fade and it’s just him and his heart. His heart is cracking with every breath he takes and goodness, who knew the curse would ache like this?When he comes back, Taehyung can breathe again. More than that—his chest thunders with the thuds of his heart knocking on the door. Home at last, out of its rocky cage. Learning to pick up the pace, something Taehyung had missed so dearly he’d forgotten about it but now it pumped, rhythm bleeding into each moment.With the stone breaking, however, comes everything it had taken away from Taehyung.Tears, he notes first, fresh and cascading down his face unlike never before. He could cry, and over the time since Jeongguk had been here, it had come out ever so slowly. But this fresh torrent—it reminded him of his childhood. When he could feel things and all his emotions even though they hurt so much he would wish them away. But now he embraces them, every single one that pours out of the ruins of his chambers with each beat.And his magic, oh—free at last, trashing and singing with his heart, raising their own cacophony of joy at Taehyung’s freedom at last. He’s free! We are free!Taehyung looks up after he wipes his tears—only to meet Jeongguk’s eyes wide and his mouth open. He feels different, something strange itching under his skin—perhaps the blood flowing or his magic raising hell—but he’s more concerned with Jeongguk’s horror.“Jeongguk? What is it?” He’s still half on the other’s lap and remains there, refusing to move from the place. It’s strange to experience the want so fiercely when it had been only fleeting before.“Your…your face,” Jeongguk whispers, and it’s enough for Taehyung to leap out of his arms and out of the bed, and right up to the wash area. Did the curse twist something about him? Would it take from him more than he’d already given?Yet, when he removes the cover of the mirror, his arms shake as he finally, truly faces himself.Slimmer face with skin even darker than before, the kind of crisp golden he had been mercilessly mocked for. His ears pointed and longer than an average human’s, translucent with a thin spider web of veins on the outer edge. But mostly—his hair a bright blue, the hurt of a summer sky, and a robin’s egg. Gone were his dark tresses, replaced with the colour he had abhorred the most as a child—the one marker of how different Taehyung had been.It was all out now, unearthed from the human-like glimmer he had hidden using magic. In the euphoria of his release he’d let it all go haywire and this—it had shown up at last.His hands shake as he turns around, afraid to face Jeongguk like this. What would he say? He already looked horrified. What if he changed his mind now that he knew what Taehyung really looked like? What if he didn’t love Taehyung anymore?“I can explain,” Taehyung starts, though he is afraid to. He doesn’t want anything to change. He couldn’t bear Jeongguk’s disgust. The only one who had liked him was Hoseok, who had been fascinated before he turned his back on Taehyung just like the rest of them. Surely Jeongguk wouldn’t be like them, would he? “I wanted to tell you—”“Beautiful,” Jeongguk exhales, voice trembling with barely restrained emotion. He’s standing up now and his hand reaches out before he pulls back. His eyes are still wide and his mouth is a little ‘o’ but it’s not…it’s not horror. It’s wonder. “Gods above, you are beautiful.”His newly free heart speeds zealously, intent on proving how terribly deep Taehyung has driven himself into Jeongguk. “Jeongguk, I’m sorry—”“Is this what you’ve been hiding all along?” Jeongguk asks as he steps forward. He does reach with a tentative hand out, carefully touches Taehyung’s blue hair. His fingers catch on his lobes and Taehyung shivers, having forgotten how sensitive Fae ears were. “Is this how you used to be?”And the more Taehyung waits, the more he understands. Jeongguk would never be horrified. He had been there when Taehyung had admitted to all his crimes, all the ways he is rotten to the core—and still, he stayed. Why would he run now that Taehyung looked different? “I—yes. This—this is how I was in Qinyang.”“To think they had the audacity to deem you ugly,” Jeongguk murmurs as he presses in, delighted by Taehyung—touching him over his face, his ears, and his hair. Taehyung keeps all the sounds in, letting him do as he pleased. He revels in it, the way Jeongguk worships him without disgust or greed. Just wonder, like a child counting the stars.It’s too much for his heart to simply stand there and be loved for all the things Taehyung thought he deserved to be hated for. This was a human who was so much more than any creature Taehyung had come across or even created out of his magic. Jeongguk is something else, and Taehyung’s not sure if he can ever come close to feeling or expressing enough how much he feels.So he halts Jeongguk’s curious exploration and pushes him back towards the bed. Jeongguk follows along, quiet but ready, and remains silent even when Taehyung undresses himself and then Jeongguk. Maybe they don’t need words to say what they want to show, and it isn’t payment as much as it is gratitude on Taehyung’s end. He’d tried so hard but ultimately, he had to let go of the control—and Jeongguk loved him anyway. Or is beginning to, and it’s enough to release Taehyung from his curse and he could never thank the human enough.Jeongguk simply watches as Taehyung climbs on top, eyes hooded when Taehyung reaches behind and opens himself up. H drinks Taehyung in, hands pressing purple into his hips while Taehyung slicks him up. Nearly chokes on a moan when Taehyung takes him in, never once breaking away from his eyes. One, in every sense of the word.They are a rush of heat-slicked skin, beating in rhythm with the ocean and their hearts as Taehyung closes his eyes, surrenders himself at last to all the things he’d denied himself. Feels each punch of Jeongguk’s thrusts, and when he’s at his peak he halts, taking Jeongguk’s palm and pressing it to his chest. The sailor frowns before his eyes widen, and he opens his mouth but Taehyung places a finger on it.“It’s beating again,” he whispers before resuming, driving his hips around and enjoying the broken keens Jeongguk lets out. How he wants that music in his ears for the rest of his life—which is forever, but oh well. “My heart is beating again.”“Wasn’t—wasn’t it before?” Jeongguk manages to get out, voice strained. A vein throbs in his forehead and sweat drips from his hairline. Taehyung leans forward to lick it up and the movement makes Jeongguk jump. He laughs. “Don’t—you’re already a dream.”“Then let’s hope you never wake up, hmm?” Taehyung keeps riding, increasing the pace and snapping his finger, arresting Jeongguk’s movements. “Let me do all the work. I want to.”Jeongguk blinks before taking whatever Taehyung deigns to give. He seems desperate, but Taehyung’s always preferred him like that in bed—it makes the release all the sweeter. And Goddess above does Taehyung give it to him. Hopes to imprint every little gift into Jeongguk, for the sailor to carry once he leaves the island. A memory of Taehyung forever embedded into his skin and his mind, so if not his memory then perhaps his body will reminisce.When he’s close he leans in and kisses Jeongguk, explores his mouth, and sweeps his tongue across the roof of it. Revels in the way Jeongguk aches to be all over him but can’t and cries when he comes inside, hot and wet and messy just like how he likes it. Taehyung spills over soon after and rubs it into Jeongguk’s skin, hoping the memory of it will linger like the most needed stain.He snaps his fingers again and collapses, but Jeongguk is quick to catch on—he rolls around and is over Taehyung, still inside him but slowly softening—it doesn’t deter him from breathing Taehyung in, kissing him until they can’t breathe and it’s too exhausting. But neither moves away from the other, and Jeongguk pulls Taehyung close, wrapped in his arms he can’t hope to escape. And neither does he wish to.“I wish to remain like this forever,” Jeongguk murmurs into his hair, and for once, Taehyung doesn’t freeze or let the impeding sorrow spillover. He wishes the same, too. Just Jeongguk and Taehyung away from the world, away from all its miscreants and hopeless endeavours—and being the only two people to answer to. Nobody would dare enter the island; Taehyung could come up with some charm, couldn’t he? Something to turn the sailors away. He would cherish Jeongguk so well. Learn his language and his favourite foods, cook them, and hope to fill the empty pocket of homesickness persisting away.Hope, because, in reality, Taehyung knows what a hopeless desire it is.“I wouldn’t. I’m all filthy and certainly wouldn’t enjoy your muck drying inside me,” Taehyung quips instead, to divert himself from the inevitable sadness greying around the edges. “Your lack of consideration, really, Jeongguk.”The sailor whacks him on his side but keeps him close. He smells of sweat and sex and wood bark. What would happen if humans too needed to scent? It would be interesting to work on a potion that would resemble that. “You know what I meant.”“I do,” Taehyung answers. Let’s it linger in the air, an unanswered question. “Just us, right?”“Just us,” Jeongguk echoes, their conversation from earlier a distant memory already, yet a heady vision Taehyung can’t be rid of. The idea of being a regular visitor in Jeongguk’s town, being chased until he couldn’t run anymore, letting Jeongguk in and allowing himself to be loved—all the things he did, in the end, just not the way he would have liked. “You said your heart is beating again.”Of course, Jeongguk won’t be one to forget the tiny details even when wrapped in the throes of passion. A handy skill, Taehyung supposes, but not right now when he wants to lay in the afterglow of being cared for. “It is.”“And it wasn’t before,” Jeongguk continues. Maybe he’s learnt that the only way around Taehyung is to persist with him, or he’d vanish the first chance he gets. “I wondered earlier, once. On the beach, when we lay together. I couldn’t feel your heart.”“Mmm.”“So it was frozen?”“Cast in stone,” Taehyung says, and the reliefs coats thick on his tongue, the relief of talking about his curse. Or at least one of them. Now that the stone is broken, Taehyung can speak of it since nothing would interfere with it. “It’s an ancient curse. A cruel one.”Taehyung can sense Jeongguk’s frown more than see it. “For breaking a rule?”“For breaking many rules, and none of them good,” Taehyung corrects, patting Jeongguk’s chest in assurance. “My heart was set into stone, and I could feel very little with it around. Sometimes nothing at all. If I did, it would fade away instantly.”“That’s harsh,” Jeongguk mutters darkly, squeezing Taehyung close. He shifts a moment, pulling out. Taehyung wrinkles his nose at the come spilling but he snaps his fingers quickly, getting rid of it. “It’s not something anyone should have ever gone through.”“I suppose it was fit, since I killed Hoseok,” Taehyung says, playing with the moonstone pendant. “My wild and unruly heart got me in this mess in the first place.”“Your wild and unruly heart simply wanted to love and be loved, Taehyung,” Jeongguk says, pulling back a little and tucking away the stray hair sticking up. “You were seventeen. A boy. You didn’t know better. You weren’t taught better. You did what you did to protect yourself. It’s not worth being punished for, not like this.”Once again. Taehyung wants to cry and thank the Mother Goddess for the jewel she’s dropped in his midst. “I broke the rules.”“You were desperate and lonely and alone,” Jeongguk murmurs softly, lips brushing over Taehyung’s forehead. As if he wants to imprint them into his mind, over all the lies Taehyung feeds himself. “Taking away your ability to love? Your hope to love better? It wasn’t and will never be right, I promise you that.”The tears do fall then and Taehyung presses into Jeongguk’s chest, hiding away as the ache of sorrow fills him up, now that he can feel it in all its intensity. Earlier it was all in his head but now it is everywhere, like a maggot feasting away inside. “You always know the right things to say.”“All the things I learnt to woo beautiful people into bed,” Jeongguk whispers and Taehyung slaps his chest even as he sniffles. Jeongguk chuckles and strokes his back gently, edging the sadness away. “How did it break?”“Hmm?”“The curse.”Should Taehyung answer it? Can he? He probably can, since all the requirements of the curse have come to pass. “The stone could be broken only if someone loved me.”How odd, that at the end of it all, the description seems so redundant, so plain. Like it means nothing. But it still strips him bare, barer than he already is, his freshly pumping heart in the palm of his hands. A morbid offering to Jeongguk. Here, take it. It’s yours. Keep it forever and enshrine it, but never let go. Please, never let go. Would Jeongguk keep it? Would he merge it with his own and carry it with him, wherever he goes? Or would he fling it deep into the ocean and watch as the fish feasted upon it?Jeongguk is quiet for a moment, his earlier bravery a muted candle. “Was it—did I—was it me?”Taehyung smiles at the nerves present in his voice, the frightened hope. “Who else, darling?”“I—” Jeongguk halts. Exhales, his body trembling. Taehyung hums, rubbing his arms as he comes back to himself. Maybe it is a lot to take in. “Is that why you asked me?”“Yes,” Taehyung answers. Could you learn to love someone like me? What a silly question. What a loaded one. “It just—nothing seemed to be working and I wanted to be sure, I suppose.”“So all the potions and…?” Jeongguk trails off, and Taehyung huffs. But he knows Jeongguk wouldn’t storm off. “You tried to trick me.”It doesn’t sound accusatory, simply observant. “Believe me, I felt my stomach turn over with each attempt.”“You fool,” Jeongguk chuckles, kissing him again. Taehyung will miss this, once they wake up from this dream. “I was already mad about you. You didn’t need potions.”“You weren’t exactly forthcoming, you know,” Taehyung defends. If only Jeongguk knew how many hare-brained plans he had to try just so Jeongguk could see him as someone to desire for. “Lost in that pretty head of yours all day. Going on about the boat. Eating all my food, but refusing to pay attention to the Siren everyone had lusted for.”“Which is why I am special, because I did not lust,” Jeongguk says proudly. Taehyung giggles. He looks every bit like a righteous schoolboy in the classroom. “Well, that’s a lie. I did lust after you. I just didn’t…realise?”“And to think you went after all sorts of people back in your town.”“Might I remind you, I wasn’t facing any test to stop me from—”“—dropping your trousers and having your way in every dark alley?”“How absurd!” Jeongguk yells, tackling Taehyung onto his back and attacking him with kisses. Taehyung’s giggles echo in the room. “It wasn’t always a dark alley. Sometimes it was a storage room.”“You are unbearable,” Taehyung gets out, heaving while Jeongguk nuzzles into his neck. Begins scenting him and it’s enough to lull him into a sense of formlessness. “And very good at scenting.”“I know,” Jeongguk murmurs, going up and down his shoulder. Taehyung feels him harden against his thigh and lets him rut onto it. The inevitable effect of taking in Taehyung’s scent. “And very in love with you.”Taehyung’s heart skips a beat. Jeongguk utters it so easily as if it were a line from a poem. Something he was reading out of a book. “Jeongguk—”“It’s alright if you don’t,” Jeongguk continues, looking up and smiling lazily. Sleepily. He’s still rutting, however, which should break the sweetness of the spell but only adds to it. “Or if you’re still learning the reigns of your heart. But I just wanted you to know anyway. You are loved and cherished, Taehyung. And nothing will ever take away your love again.” || For as long as he had fantasised about being in love, the reality doesn’t quite live up to it in the end.His heart takes its time to navigate the reigns of feeling in its entirety. It’s fallen out of habit for so long, Taehyung struggles to understand between what is his mind, his magic, and the core of his soul—and whatever they whisper to him.His time as a young boy in Qinyang before the curse is long gone—Taehyung can’t remember anything beyond the grief and anger. The shame lingering about as a dark shroud. Every time he meets his reflection is a jolt back to the past, the fragments trembling before settling back down. Taehyung now has blue hair. His people mocked him so much for the bright robin’s blue when it should have been silver. His skin is dark, and his magic hums happily in its veins. They wrap cozily around his heart, hissing at any and everything that dares come near Taehyung again.Learning to come back to himself without anger is frightening.And then there is Jeongguk—beautiful, charming and above all, kind. So kind, with his generous smiles and comfort, the way he leans into Taehyung and keeps close—and never ever asks him for anything more than Taehyung is willing to give.Whatever Taehyung had fantasised about love falls short only because what Jeongguk shows is nothing short of brilliant.Taehyung distinctly remembers the moment he’d fallen for Hoseok, amongst all the scattered fragments of his memory. Seventeen winters and enamoured by the grimy boy sneaking across the borders just to be with Taehyung. Staying with him for hours, watching him reclaim his heritage—Hoseok had been excellent. But now, Taehyung can see why Hoseok was around so much. His settlement was harsh, as had been his father and Taehyung had been the only escape. They both had been each other’s; Taehyung running towards him for some affection and Hoseok towards him for peace.It hadn’t been love, in the end. It had been a matter of convenience, one Taehyung had gotten so lost in trying to own and force it into some semblance of love that he lost so much more in the end.Jeongguk had said it so easily. I’m in love with you. Freely, without a pause or doubt. He’d been so content with Taehyung not knowing how to name the vastness of his own feelings. Was Taehyung in love with Jeongguk? He didn’t know. It all came back to the question: what is love, in the end? Jeongguk said it was home, but Taehyung’s never had one of his own. The island comes the closest to one, though it is also his prison. Is love a trap, then?Taehyung doesn’t think that either. He did when he was in Qinyang and no way out, no one to call his own. His family home was a crypt bereft of warmth; his grandmother kept her distance—not out of spite but that otherworldly sense of being ancient with magic. And Hoseok? Taehyung had been afraid, of when the ball would drop, when the moment would stop when Hoseok came to his senses and realised how unworthy Taehyung was. Walking with that fear suffocated him, and isn’t that was traps are about?Jeongguk triumphs in his very existence, celebrates life by being. He’s not without his flaws or faults, but they don’t seem to stop him—he plods on, determined to find a way out. Even when he’d given up he found a past-time to keep sane. When Taehyung’s around him, he’s larger—expanding, growing, and soaring.Around Jeongguk, Taehyung can finally allow himself to dream. || Jeongguk is a generous lover but more than that, he’s a generous person.Taehyung had been kept away from love and warmth for so long he’d convinced himself they weren’t meant to be his, and whatever he received would be taken away soon. Scarce and never enough so that Taehyung would always starve for it.With Jeongguk, Taehyung learns how wrong he is. There is love, an abundance of it. It echoes back when he gives more of it, and maybe that’s why Jeongguk shines so brightly. He loves and loves and loves—the sea, the island, the sand when he scours them for shells—and Taehyung. Sometimes he’s robust about it but mostly he’s gentle, and Taehyung loves both. It’s painful to accept it but his magic yearns for more, and who is Taehyung to deny himself after so long?So step by step, Taehyung accepts Jeongguk’s light in.“Tell me about the first one,” Taehyung giggles, pressing into Jeongguk’s side. They’re on the bed in the middle of the afternoon—stark naked. Taehyung has no trouble accepting that at least. “You hardly ever talk about yourself.”“When I did, you complained like you would perish if you heard one more thing about Sunsong,” Jeongguk grumbles. He’s lying on his back, one arm covering his eyes and the other wrapped around Taehyung. He smells wonderful. “It’s nothing great.”“So share it anyway,” Taehyung persists, poking the firm muscles of Jeongguk’s stomach. His mouth watered from the definition of them. “I want to know everything about you.”It had started as an innocent skirmish where Jeongguk had chucked the vegetable peels at Taehyung, and he’d retaliated—until it was water, and Taehyung had never played like that but Jeongguk did and—it turned into something more. Heated, with their clothes off and trailing while they rushed to the bed. Taehyung knows lust is not love and he would never confuse the two, but the way Jeongguk worships him adds one more lesson to his inventory of love.Now here they are, the sun settling soon but both basking in the warmth of each other.“I was sixteen name days old,” Jeongguk starts, still covering his eyes. “There was this—well. Older girl at the Academy. Absolutely beautiful. The kind that everyone wanted but could never have, you know?”Taehyung tamps down on the jealousy. It’s the slightly inconvenient part of having his heart all open. “Not particularly but continue. She broke you down?”“Well, we all wanted her—but she was picky. She had a set of rules and no one was ever good enough.”“Except for you.”“I don’t mean to brag, but I suppose yes. I thought she was beautiful—but I, uh, loved the sea more. So eventually I lost my interest. But that caught her attention—someone who didn’t care? So she chased me.”Taehyung looks up at that and finds Jeongguk smirking insufferably, proud of himself. He wants to knock down the smile, maybe show him that no town girl could do what Taehyung could but—this was a story in the past. “So that’s how you lost your virginity.”“It was in an empty classroom too,” Jeongguk continues, nonchalant but puffing his chest. “Once the school day was over, she cornered me and, well—”“Beguiled you into between her legs?” Taehyung scoffs. His magic huffs, enraged that Jeongguk could have lain with someone else. “And you went along with it?”“Hey, it’s not every day someone propositions you.”He imagines it. Not the sex, but how Jeongguk must have been as a young boy, maybe an early man growing into his manhood. The looks sent his way, the giggles, and heartbreaks. Had he been just as respectful back then? Cared for the others even if there wasn’t any love?“Were you always this beautiful?” He asks instead. He knows in his heart Jeongguk must have been the sort of person to care. Maybe not always kind or understanding but not cruel either. “I can’t imagine you at sixteen.”“Good, don’t,” Jeongguk grumbles, skin turning beet red. “I don’t want you changing your mind.”“Change my mind about what?”“Falling head over heels for me,” Jeongguk says confidently as if it’s bound to happen. A while ago, Taehyung would have scoffed at the claim. Now, with each passing moment, he can feel it anchor in his soul. “Now that I have you all beguiled and trapped.”“And nothing to show for it,” Taehyung states, pushing away and studying his nails. He enjoys this push and pull, the way Jeongguk is a schoolboy in so many ways: always eager to prove himself. “All talk. How boring.”He regrets it moments later when Jeongguk is over him, and it turns into something more—it always does, because Taehyung can never have enough. Neither can Jeongguk, who lines himself up and is inside him, and he worships Taehyung until he cries, crying into his shoulder. It’s night when both of them wake up from their fugues—and, well—“Dinner,” Taehyung mutters in a daze while Jeongguk grunts into a pillow. “We missed making dinner.”“What do you mean,” Jeongguk slurs, blinking blearily. His hair is a right mess. “I had the best feast of my life right now.”Taehyung blinks before he groans, slapping away at Jeongguk while he tumbles away. Inside, his heart races. “Even for you, that was terrible.”“Sure, tell yourself that,” Jeongguk says, closing his eyes once more. “Gods, you clenched so much my cock hurts.”“Jeongguk!” Taehyung shrieks, chucking a pillow at him. He hastily ties his robe around, but he’s mortified all the while. Of course, they did unspeakable things but for Jeongguk to talk so crassly, really— “Don’t talk like that.”Jeongguk snorts. “You’re ready to ride me to the Underworld and back, but you get shy talking about it?” He shifts to his side and rests his head on an elbow. The sheets just cover his nether regions and Goddess above, Taehyung can’t be tempted so soon. “How innocent.”“I am a man of class,” Taehyung sniffs, turning away from the view and walking around. “I don’t know what they taught you in your land but where I come from—”“Everyone is a prude, I know,” Jeongguk snarks, but his eyes are alight with mischief. “In Sunsong, fucking was normal—as long as you asked, of course.”“And Goddess above, when you call it that, it truly makes me feel filthy,” Taehyung continues, walking away but he’s pulled right back into Jeongguk’s lap. His naked lap. “I need to make dinner.”“I know,” Jeongguk says, simply staring at Taehyung. His eyes rove up and down, and Taehyung’s skin is hot. “You’re adorable, you know that?”“Who clenched so much your c—”“And you’re a dream to fuck,” Jeongguk whispers, and it’s filthy, but it sounds like yet another confession uttered in Jeongguk’s soft, breathy voice, the kind that drives him heady. “But more than that—a dream to love. Remember that.”Then, he lets Taehyung go, and falls right back to sleep. So much for helping him out with dinner. Which he would finish the moment it is made. Taehyung huffs as he gets up but the heat chases after him, the words haunting in their wake. Dream to fuck. And a dream to love. How eloquently Jeongguk put across the difference, even if they made Taehyung’s blood run hot.He decides to make a simple stew, too tired to make anything elaborate. It’s a first, to be so exhausted when Taehyung is usually always on the go. Keeping his mind occupied, cooking his potions or sprucing his herbs, keeping the stored roots and vegetables in the lard fresh. He can’t recall the last time he did all of it without Jeongguk’s presence somewhere nearby. How long had it been?Time isn’t real on the island. Taehyung doesn’t know how long it has been for him, and he’s met all sorts of people in his time here. He’s kept some of their clothes or the books they carried, and he’s not travelled anywhere but he considers himself a learned man. What about Jeongguk? How long would it have been since he was moored here, and if he left, what would he join the world into?He stirs the broth, adding the meat and chopped vegetables to it when arms wrap around his waist. It’s a testament to how comfortable his magic has gotten with Jeongguk that it doesn’t startle or create a ruckus, not as it would have once.“Stew again?” Jeongguk murmurs in his ears, settling his chin on Taehyung’s shoulder and hugging him close. He smells freshly bathed and it’s perhaps Taehyung’s favourite scent.“I was too tired to make anything else,” Taehyung replies, leaning back and allowing himself to rest. The pressure on his skin is wonderful and he can’t get enough of it. Wants it on him all the time. “I thought you were sleeping?”“I was, but then I missed you by my side,” Jeongguk says, pecking his shoulder but carefully avoiding Taehyung’s neck. Neither wants a repeat of the afternoon, tempting as it sounded. “I suppose it’s for the best, however. Else I charm you into my arms forever.”“A tall claim,” Taehyung snorts, though he enjoys the banter. He thinks about Jeongguk’s confession, and how his own lingers in everything but his words. “Does it bother you?”“Hmm?”“That I don’t say it back?” When did he become so honest? Taehyung always mulled over his words before he let them out, but around Jeongguk he couldn’t help but spill. Back home, he’d always been so afraid to ask.Jeongguk understands without him spelling it out, however, and hums. “Of course not. You’ve never really had cause to say it before.” Taehyung opens his mouth to protest and Jeongguk tuts. “Hoseok doesn’t count.”Taehyung presses his lips into a smile. “I did love him, whether it was real or not.”“For the sake of my fragile self, let’s assume not,” Jeongguk quips and Taehyung struggles to hold his smile in. The warmth fluttered in his chest and stomach and travelled all the way up to his neck. “If it were up to me, I would ask you to find a way back into time so I could teach him a lesson.”“Ah, all about saving my virtue now, is it?” Taehyung teases, removing the bubbling pot out of the firewood and onto the counter, all the while Jeongguk leeches to his back. “Just the hero I needed.”“You make me sound like such a boy,” Jeongguk whines, hitching him closer and snuggling into his shoulder. Taehyung is so fond. “I just—I hate to think of all the pain you had to go through because of him.”It’s understandable yet misplaced all the same. Taehyung spent so long blaming Hoseok, but now that the story was out in the open, he could see his faults in clear light without blaming himself too much. Jeongguk had gotten through somewhere. “It wasn’t his fault, you know that.”“He still acted like a dick.”“The transformation got to his head,” Taehyung placates, covering the pot and turning around, wrapping his arms around Jeongguk’s neck. His hair hands wet over his eyes and Taehyung runs his fingers through them. “We weren’t right for each other. Too broken to give it our all, and I just wanted to have something that was mine. Nothing about that was pure.”“And if I want to be yours, right now?” Jeongguk questions, eyes searching all over. Taehyung’s heart races, his magic curling into a warm ball. He wants us. “Does that become pure? Would you transform me, then?”A beat or so passes before Taehyung flicks a finger against his mouth, and Jeongguk yelps in surprise, holding his lips in shock. Taehyung curbs the terror at the very notion of the thought. Never again. “Don’t you ever repeat that, alright?”Jeongguk stares before he nods, dropping his hands back to Taehyung’s waist. “I was merely joking.”“Well, don’t.” Guilt rises in his throat and Taehyung rubs at Jeongguk’s lips, pecking away the residual pain. “I’m sorry. It just—the terror of the thought.”“I know, I know, it’s not something you would remember fondly,” Jeongguk murmurs. “But the question still stands. What if I want to be yours?”And oh, how Taehyung wants to dance and cackle in glee at the thought. The heady vision of him and Jeongguk on the island till time ended. But alas, it is meant to only remain a vision. “You don’t know if you would want it forever.”“Maybe I do.”“Then you wouldn’t hang it on a maybe,” Taehyung smiles sadly, and Jeongguk opens his mouth before he closes it, looking away. “And that’s alright, Jeongguk, truly. Forevers aren’t certain. Anything could happen at any moment.”“Why does it feel like you’re telling me something without telling me?” Jeongguk asks, turning back. His eyes are narrowed, his lips pursed. Taehyung wishes he wasn’t so astute from time to time. But he can’t quite tell Jeongguk what he wants to say, can he?Because then it would be over, and Taehyung wants to be selfish a little longer.“It’s all in your head,” Taehyung says instead, patting Jeongguk on the cheek. He hates how he has to lie still until the final push is over. “A lesson for you young one, that’s all.”Jeongguk raises an eyebrow. He probably knows something isn’t right but Taehyung is stubborn too. He won’t explain until he wants to. The clause around the island’s curse isn’t as strong, but present just the same—and Taehyung doesn’t want to take any chances.“Oh, so now it’s about age,” Jeongguk gripes instead, leaning in to kiss him before Taehyung holds a finger up and points at the dinner. “Right, post-dinner then.”“Post nothing, I’m not undressing for you again.”“You don’t have to undress to fuck, you know.”“Stop calling it that, Jeongguk!” Unfortunately, Taehyung is a weak man for Jeongguk is persuasive and just as phenomenal with clothes on. They lay in the sand for hours afterward as the moon glided above, the sea breeze fluttering across their flushed skins. Still dressed, Jeongguk unbearably smug about having proven yet another point—and Taehyung helplessly fond.“I never answered you properly,” Jeongguk speaks suddenly, breaking the tranquillity. “About whether it bothers me or not.”“You did,” Taehyung says, frowning. He counts the stars absent-mindedly. “You said it didn’t. Did you change your mind?”“No!” Jeongguk winds his hand through, squeezing. He seems to enjoy doing that and Taehyung basks in being needed. “Just that—I do eagerly wait for the moment it’ll happen.”Taehyung guessed as much. If he is to be honest, he’s surprised at Jeongguk’s patience. “And you’re sure it will?”Jeongguk presses his lips into a line. Were it not for his Fae sight, he would have missed the slight fear shaking in his eyes. Still, Taehyung wants to know what Jeongguk is thinking. Where he derives his confidence from, this bottomless pit of faith that Taehyung can’t hope to acquire.“I hope it will,” Jeongguk amends quietly, and Taehyung laughs, curling into his side. Perhaps love is sharing the unknown and thriving anyway. “It would really shock me to the core if it doesn’t.”“Bring you down a notch, perhaps?”“Well, if that’s the goal,” Jeongguk grumbles, and he seems so forlorn Taehyung takes pity on him. “I’ve never fallen in love before.”“What about the schoolgirl from your youth?”Jeongguk rolls his eyes and smiles. Maybe he can hear the envy in Taehyung’s voice. “That wasn’t love. I was sixteen; it was just lust.”“And what if this is ‘just’ lust as well?”He’s being difficult, he knows that. But he needs to know, soothe the part of his heart that is so, so afraid. Jeongguk understands, his eyes softening. He turns to his side and gazes at Taehyung, smiling sadly. As if he mourns the part of Taehyung that refuses to trust entirely.“I thought so as well,” Jeongguk begins, tracing patterns over Taehyung’s face. They’re soft as brushstrokes. “And the only way I can tell the difference is that I—I don’t know. I think of you beyond your body or your beauty and sometimes it hurts when you hurt. And I don’t think one cares so much when they’re in it for the sex.”It’s an acceptable answer. Of course, it would have its parameters that could be challenged, but it seems okay for now. Who is Taehyung to complain when he’s not had the best history or experience of it?“That makes sense.”“What do you think?”No one’s ever asked Taehyung this question. All he’s done is ruminate and ponder but never felt brave enough to put it across. When he was young, he thought to love meant to possess and hold on to forever. To avenge it if it got lost. Clearly, he wasn’t the best example for it, but living with Jeongguk—“I think love makes us selfish,” Taehyung says slowly, afraid of sounding deranged and like his old self. But Jeongguk listens, waiting patiently. “And then it asks us to be selfless even at the cost of pain.”Jeongguk hums. His eyes are alight with quiet joy. “Do you think it answers your question then?”Taehyung ponders and it’s surprising how the answer has been there all along, hidden in the crevices and asking to be looked at. “I think so, yes.”“Tell me about it.”“I care for you,” Taehyung starts, and it’s both relieving yet terrifying how the words lie heavy on his tongue. How afraid he is to let them out and yet how eager. “I would do anything for you even if it hurts me.”Jeongguk frowns. “That’s not what I want—”“Because not doing it would hurt me more,” Taehyung continues in a rush, voice hushed. Jeongguk doesn’t know, and Taehyung can’t tell him. When the time comes, Taehyung will have to make the ultimate choice. This is a dream, after all, and he can only afford to sleep a little while longer. “And it would hurt you too, seeing me like this. It asks us to be selfish and then asks us to choose the better option, and we agree because otherwise, it would only hurt us more.”His heart trembles and his magic jumps, fighting around the heavy weight on his tongue. How Taehyung longs to be free of the final curse and do what is right, just so he can really speak what is on his mind.“There it is again,” Jeongguk says after the silence passes, His eyes are searching yet a quiet acceptance lingers. “You’re speaking as if there is a choice to be made and you can’t tell me what it is.”Taehyung doesn’t respond. He offers a quaint smile and fumbles with the drawstrings of Jeongguk’s collar, refusing to meet his eyes.“I’ll teach you a better understanding of love when we leave one day,” Jeongguk says then, turning away and opening his arms, inviting Taehyung in. “Love can be both selfish and selfless for the right reasons. We’ll learn it together.”Taehyung joins in, keeping the guilt hidden while he dreams a little while longer. || Soft as the metamorphosis of a caterpillar, love blossoms in Taehyung’s cocoon of a heart. It unravels oh so slowly, unwinding until each moment stamps itself into the flesh of it and strikes Taehyung deeper.Love is strange once it is given room to grow. It hooks its claws deep and Taehyung begins to like the itch of it, the way it weaves in through his bones and blood, and asks him to trust. He hates how helpless he in the face of it, how he gives without putting up a fight—because, in the end, Jeongguk is worth it. No one else has reached the final lap of winning his heart and even before the sailor reaches the finish line, Taehyung is ready to declare him the winner.It’s about letting go, as much as Taehyung hates to lose. Letting love happen to him over and over again, in every kiss Jeongguk gives and asks for, every time they undress and get lost in each other, every time Jeongguk stands by while Taehyung prepares dinner, sometimes weaving his hand through Taehyung’s. Over and over, when Jeongguk whispers sweet nothings in his ears and Taehyung breaks into helpless laughter, when Jeongguk shares some of his childhood stories and Taehyung yearns for more. It will never be enough.It grows and the room in his chest doesn’t resist; instead, it expands with it. Give us more. Don’t hold back. It’s terrifying how Taehyung adheres to the call. The sound of it ringing in his bones. I want to be in love with him as much as he is with me. Such a silly little hope but everything Taehyung could ever want. It is amusing how all along he wanted to be loved, and now that he is, all he wants is to love back. Do justice to the gift bestowed upon him, and meet Jeongguk halfway.He’s terrified of what comes after. It sinks in his stomach every time he remembers, but he has to. Jeongguk is everything Taehyung could have hoped for but he wasn’t meant to remain his forever. He had to be free, and Taehyung is no longer standing in the way.Like a butterfly shedding its cocoon and unfurling its wings, love climbs out of Taehyung’s heart and seeks to embark on its first flight.In all the books Taehyung had ever read, love was written about so magically. As if it shook the very ground the person stood on, the seas roaring and the shrieks of the birds joining the din; the unveiling of a new world with yet another serving of love. Taehyung would dream of it often, wonder if it was true or made up just to trap hapless people into a hopeless, treacherous yearning. And yet, when the moment happens—Taehyung understands how it’s not just hopeless and treacherous but hopeful too, and the contrast existing together is not lost on him.Jeongguk is on the ground, sitting between Taehyung’s legs while the latter plays with his hair, massaging his scalp. He’s telling yet another story of his childhood, this one about being caught trying to sneak into Seokjin’s kitchen with Jimin. The joy is written into Jeongguk’s lines, his eyes alight with recollection. Everything about him is so animated, and Taehyung knows then what love is.Love, in the end, is freedom. To give, to hold and to lose; to hold in the palm of his hands gently as a baby bird lest it shatters, and hope anyway. To never give up even in moments of doubt and pain. The freedom to choose—and to be alright with it even if it hurt.It is ironic how it opposes everything Taehyung had been taught and told, for in the moment it’s a silence unlike anything Taehyung has heard. His heart beats steady, his blood winds down its way and his bones welcome the insight home. It has always been here. Now it must be on its way. “And then Jimin, that fool, he wanted to climb out of the window while Seokjin was raising hell in the middle of the night, ready to leave me for the dead—”“Jeongguk?” Taehyung cuts in because it’s here now and he can’t deny it any longer.“Yes?”“I love you.”And unlike all the books, nothing happens. The seas remain calm, the clouds keep moving as the birds keep on chirping. Jeongguk is still on the ground and Taehyung plays with his hair. The ground remains firm.Taehyung is ready when Jeongguk scrambles to his knees a moment later, still on the ground and sitting on his haunches but holding his breath, eyes shaking and roaming all over. The hope and joy bleed from them and Taehyung’s heart soars. “Are you certain?”“Have been for a while,” Taehyung murmurs, and not a moment later finds his lips covered, Jeongguk having seared up into a hopeless, wonderful, and magnetic kiss. Taehyung pulls away. “I’m very in love with you, too.”Jeongguk’s eyes are moist and a tear slips out which he hastily brushes away. Taehyung wonders for a moment how long the sailor had waited for the words, if they really had mattered to him so much despite his nonchalance.The sailor pulls him down again and Taehyung stumbles, joining him on the sand, just taking each other in. None of it is heated and doesn’t promise to be; maybe later when they’re on their bed and their hands helplessly wander. But for now, Taehyung is content and Jeongguk is a dream to love.“I love you, oh gods,” Jeongguk murmurs into his mouth, pulling away and pecking him all over, butterfly kisses on his nose, and eyelids and cheeks. His forehead, something Taehyung adores. “I’ve been dying to hear you say the damn words.”“How shallow of you.”“I’m human, let it pass,” Jeongguk snarks, but smiles too widely for it to have the intended effect. Taehyung’s heart gallops in tandem, all too understanding of it. He could say it all day long and never tire of it. “I love you.”“You’re right, it is nice to hear,” Taehyung teases, and Jeongguk pouts.“Say it back!”“Now, don’t be so greedy, Jeongguk.”“Taehyung, I swear on the gods—”“You’ll love me to your death?”“And yours, believe me,” Jeongguk mutters darkly, pulling Taehyung into his lap. It’s his favourite position, and Taehyung doesn’t mind. “Say it back, Taehyung, please, I’m begging you—"“Alright, alright, you stupid little boy,” Taehyung murmurs. He holds Jeongguk’s head between his palms and stares into his eyes. He wants it to be perfect, he wants Jeongguk to know he means every word of it. “Jeon Jeongguk, sailor of Sunsong and the thief of my heart: I. Love. You.”He merges it with a kiss, and looking back at it, Taehyung wishes he hadn’t. Because then it wouldn’t have hurt so much.“Gods, my heart will burst out of my chest and splatter all over the sand,” Jeongguk speaks as soon as Taehyung pulls back, holding Taehyung’s hand over his chest. It thumps much too fast. “I will never tire of it. Say it to me first thing in the morning and last thing at night because—”Taehyung doesn’t listen to the end of it, because he looks up to laugh and his eyes catch onto something in the distance.The books had written tall tales about the utterance of the words and how it changed every time someone loved a little too much, and Taehyung, foolish and hopeful, had thought it meant only for the world of humans.Jeongguk keeps speaking, but Taehyung’s eyes are trained on the fluttering dot in the air, right at the edge of the island borders.The seas may not have roared and the ground remained firm, but magic answers when it’s heeded and Taehyung forgot in his greed what the words really meant.He watches helplessly as the dot grows before it parts, a slit in the middle of the air which expands, its edges coloured purple. Slowly but steadily, it slices through and opens, and Taehyung knows.It’s time to wake up from their dream at last, and let Jeongguk go.~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-Four|

   
He had prepared so long for this moment, but when it comes at last—Taehyung grieves anyway.Beyond, the air parts, a stone’s throw away from the beach. It begins as a dot, sizzling as it escalates with the edges coloured silver-purple. It makes its way all around the island, the air quivering as it takes on an opaque form that glows within.It’s here. For centuries Taehyung had wondered how it would be to become free of the island. Tested its limits, tried every possible way to get through, and imagined the wall shattering countless times. He’d given up hope after the first couple of years—but at the back of his mind, the curiosity persisted.He observes the wall grow apart—and remain that way, voluminous and peculiar. Taehyung had always been able to perceive it, but now—it shimmered like a mirage.  Which it may well be since it can vanish any moment and then Jeongguk—Jeongguk needs to leave.It’s the only thought in his mind when he rises, Jeongguk tumbling backward in surprise. He doesn’t wait, turning around as he rushes towards Jeongguk’s workstation. He barely hears Jeongguk’s questions, or how frantic his steps are as he trails after Taehyung. He needs to leave. There is no time.“Taehyung? Where are you going—why are you going over there?” Jeongguk asks but Taehyung walks briskly. Pays no heed because if he does—if he stops even a moment the sorrow will crumble him inside out.The boat—once a fantasy of an escape, now a conceivable certainty—is covered with a tarp. Taehyung removes it swiftly and assesses the build. It’s complete and a true mark of Jeongguk’s craftsmanship. Worse, it is made for two people just like Jeongguk had dreamt.The sorrow threatens to break in and Taehyung tamps down on it one last time.“Help me get this out into the water,” he states instead, grabbing one end and waiting for Jeongguk to hold the other. The sailor only gapes. “Anytime soon would be preferred.”Jeongguk hastens to do that but he frowns the entire time. “Why do you want to move the boat?”Taehyung pushes from his end, gets it to a spot where he can move it easily across the sand. Magic won’t be helpful right now, he’s too imbalanced. “So you can leave.”His mind is a haze, a muddle of his thoughts and his magic screaming somewhere, along with a state of quiet numbness he borrows from to keep afloat. He needs to keep to the task. He’ll mourn later, but now—time is of the essence.“What?” Jeongguk whispers, halting. Behind him, Taehyung can see the wall parted still, beckoning him towards. Freedom. So close by. And yet, it’s not meant to be mine.“Move, Jeongguk, we don’t have time to lose,” Taehyung insists, but when Jeongguk refuses, he twirls his fingers—and purple settles over Jeongguk, making him move. Jeongguk jolts in shock and looks enraged but at least he moves. “I’m so sorry, love, but I have to.”“What in the name of the gods, Taehyung,” Jeongguk says, gritting his teeth and clearly working against the spell, though it’s to no avail. His limbs move regardless. “Just explain yourself, why are you doing this—?”“Because you need to leave, and we don’t have time!” Taehyung snaps, pushing the boat across the sand and refusing to look at Jeongguk’s face. “Quick, Jeongguk. I don’t know how long it’ll remain open.”“What will remain open?!”“The fucking island walls!” Taehyung yells back, his magic agitated as they face the pressure of uncertainty. Is there a time till which it will last before the spell is resealed? Taehyung will never forgive himself if it closes, not after all the work he’s put in. The effort Jeongguk’s put in loving him, and he knows it was the sailor’s choice but it was effort still because Taehyung—Taehyung is so unlovable. “There, behind you!”They glide the boat across the sand till it hits the shore, the waves lapping at its base—and Jeongguk turns at last, mouth falling open when he finally sees. Of course, now is when he can see it, the one time the borders are clear for the human eye. But Taehyung doesn’t waste time judging his reaction, desperation coursing through his veins as he rushes back to the cottage, taking out the supplies he had already packed long ago. He can sense his hold on Jeongguk breaking, but he doesn’t care—he is a whirlwind through his home, putting together the food and clothes, the little bundles coming together. He’d hidden these from Jeongguk, created in secret with the hope that his plan would work.And now, it has.He comes out, pushing past Jeongguk and carrying the packages to the boat, tucking them away. There is so much space. They would have fit so well. Fit the packages. More space for those. Jeongguk should fare well at sea. He keeps at it, filling it with a cushion and a linen blanket because he doesn’t know where the sea will take Jeongguk or how long he’d be on the waters, the cold nights under the stars. No one has ever left this island, and Jeongguk will be the first.And what about when the food runs out? Maybe Taehyung should pack a hunting knife and fishing lures. Perhaps some firewood? He can hardly see where he’s putting the bundles until a tear falls on the wood below and there is a hand is on his elbow pulling him away.Jeongguk is less than pleased, eyes narrowed as he looks over Taehyung’s face, lips turned down. Taehyung tries to loosen his grip—on a better day with a clearer head he could have, but right now—the grief follows at his heels. “Jeongguk, let me go, there isn’t any time—”“Stop that,” Jeongguk snaps, pulling Taehyung close and taking the remaining bundles out of his hands, chucking them carelessly onto the boat. His eyes never stray from Taehyung. “What is going on, Taehyung?”He deserves an answer, doesn’t he? A human trapped on a magical island for no fault of his own, dragged into the world of the Magikal with no choice—and now being thrown out of it with no explanation. He deserves it but the words dry in Taehyung’s mouth. Once he starts—once he finally, finally tells the truth, his walls will break. His heart trembles with the anticipation of it.But Jeongguk deserves the truth, and Taehyung can tell him at last, now that a curse isn’t holding him back.“The walls are open,” he speaks blandly, the words like ash on his tongue. “You can leave now.”“How?”“Because I,” Taehyung begins and then halts, his throat hitting a hitch. It’s here. Everything Taehyung has worked tirelessly towards will now be out in the open. “Because I love you. I fell for you, and that was the way out of the island.”Jeongguk’s eyes widen, his eyes blinking away towards the parting momentarily before going back to Taehyung. Hope fills inside and Taehyung’s heart races ahead. “There was another curse?”“My punishment,” Taehyung says, hands curling while Jeongguk’s trail to his wrist, holding them loosely. “I was to be banished to an island where time didn’t exist, and the only way for any prisoner to leave was for me to fall for them.”Jeongguk tightens his fist and cracks his neck from side to side. He seems so formidable like this. “And let me guess—your stone heart prevented you from doing that.”Taehyung nods. Pain crawls up his chest and to his throat, and he gnashes his teeth, holding it in. He won’t burst, he won’t. “You had to fall for me, which was how I could be free. And once I was, it was your turn. So now you can leave.”The sailor frowns, vision moving back and forth between the wall and Taehyung, pressing his lips into a thin line. The hope lingers, however, and Jeongguk rolls back on his heels. “I can leave? Truly?”“Yes!”Taehyung’s heart crows when a smile glimmers at the edges of Jeongguk’s lips. He just had to get Jeongguk onto the boat and send him on his way. The sailor seems satisfied and frees Taehyung, kissing him briefly before joining him, picking up the remaining bundles, and following quietly when Taehyung asks him to bring a hunting knife, some lures, and even a net. He doesn’t question why Taehyung has it all. Taehyung is thankful that he doesn’t have to speak anymore.Except Jeongguk goes back to his workstation and arrives with even more bags, packed rather rudimentarily with how they nearly fall apart. He puts them inside as well, and Taehyung can see that they’re full of bowls, and some dried herbs tied together. Jeongguk goes back inside the cottage and brings out some empty bottles as well along with Taehyung’s robe—packing them away neatly.“What—where are these coming from?” Taehyung asks, watching dumbly as Jeongguk carries on, whistling away. Gone is the anger, hope budding in his footsteps with each moment—but why? Is Jeongguk that happy to leave the island and Taehyung behind? Is he carrying the material to perhaps remember Taehyung by?“When you had told me once you were looking for a way out, I thought of packing some things, whatever I could get my hands on,” Jeongguk answers, a content smile growing on his face. However, dread wraps a fist around Taehyung’s heart. “I’d kept them away after you told me there wasn’t. But I never got rid of them, so I suppose they’re coming in handy.”Mother Goddess, no. No. Jeongguk can’t—he doesn’t—oh, Goddess above.In the haze he’d lived in the past few days and the way the curse held him by his throat—Taehyung had never described to Jeongguk the entirety of the curse. He couldn’t have anyway—but he should have paid attention to the signs. He thought Jeongguk had been joking then, the way he did to calm Taehyung down and fill their heads with happy dreams. But now it’s catching up.“Gods, I can’t believe this is happening,” Jeongguk speaks excitedly as he arranges the parcels better, makes way to—create space for two people. Just like he’d promised. “I’d given up, truly. But now—I can see it! The wall is so clear, goodness.” He gingerly puts an arm through it and retrieves it just as fast. “Okay, the pull is really strong. It’s real, Taehyung.”Taehyung can only observe in mute grief as Jeongguk hums happily, a skip in his feet and rambling away, and—how can Taehyung break his gentle heart again? How many times will Taehyung have to be the villain before it’s enough? Goddess above, why did it have to be Jeongguk of all people? “It is.”“I think once we’re out of the waters—because I remember, these were the roughest seas I had ever voyaged across—I’ll take you to Sunsong first. It’s only fit, given how much I’ve talked about it.” Jeongguk clicks his heels together, one foot over the boat as he shifts the bundles around again, scratching his head. “But we won’t stay there too long. There is so much left to explore, and you haven’t even seen the world! It’s going to be the two of us on the boat. A better one, though. Just like my vision promised me.”It’s deep as a stab to his heart, the way the words hit him and twist inside the flesh over and over again. The poison of hope spreading, the antidote of grief rushing to heal. “I’d really like that.”“And you know all the languages anyway—so we’ll get by. The boat will be a tight fit, but we’ll manage, won’t we? I’ll have you all cozy against me,” Jeongguk quips as he gets into the boat entirely, bending down to tap against a loose floorboard, checking over the keel and the hull with practiced ease. “You’ll see how wonderful this world is, Taehyung, I promise, and—why aren’t you moving?”Jeongguk tilts his head in confusion but Taehyung can barely see through the tears gathering. His hopeful, beautiful boy. Thief of my heart. How true, in the end, that Taehyung had bequeathed it to him, and that had been the key to Jeongguk’s freedom. Hold it forever. And please, never let go.Jeongguk is in the boat and that’s all Taehyung wanted. Nothing else matters.“Jeongguk,” Taehyung says, stepping away, and Jeongguk’s gaze snaps at the movement. He makes to move out of the boat but Taehyung raises a hand up, halting him once more with the phantom hands. Alarm takes over Jeongguk’s face. “I said you were free to leave the island.”The man resists against the spell, looking up tensely. “Huh? What about you, then?”“I can’t come with you,” Taehyung says, and Jeongguk freezes. “I was never meant to come with you.”It hurts to rip apart his web of lies and lay bare his soul. The truth to unravel it all, to withstand the last of the ache Taehyung has been holding out against. Jeongguk pushes against the spell now, frantic, and stamps his foot in frustration when nothing happens.“No!” Jeongguk exclaims, forceful and trying his best. “What do you mean—you told me—”“I told you nothing,” Taehyung insists, reaching out and holding Jeongguk’s hands, who stares helplessly. A tear escapes. “Everything was about making sure you left. It was never about me. Or the two of us.”“But…but the story…you told me you wanted to leave, that you were open to it! That once the curse broke you would come with me!” Jeongguk squeezes Taehyung’s hand so hard, refusing to part from him—but he has to because Taehyung doesn’t know how long they have. “You told me you’ll come. I remember.”If Taehyung has to break his heart one last time, he will gladly do it. Anything to get him home. “I…let you believe certain things. It was for your own good.”“No! You said I couldn’t leave because your curse tied both of us to the island, but now it’s broken!” Jeongguk pleads, his hold tight as Death’s grip on his soul. “So you have to come!”Curse his freed heart that he feels everything with every inch of his being. The tears don’t stop. “I can’t, Jeongguk. The curse has always been about falling for you, and only my stone heart stood in the way.”“But it’s gone now!”“And it allowed me to love you, the way you deserve,” Taehyung whispers softly, cupping Jeongguk’s face and wiping away his tears. Jeongguk turns towards it, lips brushing against his palm. “But it doesn’t allow me to leave the island. I am bound to it forever.”“Don’t say that,” Jeongguk whimpers, blinking through the tears. Taehyung takes pity, frees him up a little, enough to wipe his own tears. “You told me and you—you made me believe it was possible, and you—you dreamt with me—so there has to be a way—”“There isn’t. The island won’t let me,” Taehyung states, wading into the water, pressing close to the edge of the boat while Jeongguk remains inside. “It was always about you. All of it. You had to leave, and I would do it a thousand times over.”“What do you mean—?” He doesn’t get to complete it because Taehyung shoves the boat almost to the edge of the parting, Jeongguk halfway through. Then he shoves his palm in the same space—and recoils as it bounces back, the wall swiftly closing to prevent Taehyung from ever stepping out. Just like he knew it would. Jeongguk, however, gapes, distraught.Taehyung pulls him back slightly and the wall opens up again, the threat of Taehyung leaving far away. They shudder slightly, and Taehyung’s heart races. He has to be quick about this. “Now you see what I mean.”The sailor closes his mouth and curls into his palm, pressing his lips together and squeezing his eyes shut. His nose quivers red and tears trip into the corners. But when he opens his eyes, anger lines them.“All those potions,” he starts, and Taehyung eyes close in defeat. To hurt Jeongguk when he is about to leave. All Taehyung does, in the end, is hurt the ones he loves. “All the—the trials, fucking me and humouring me—all so I could fall for you?”“Yes.”“You—you lied to me,” Jeongguk blurts, angry and betrayed and—and scared. “All along, you’ve been lying to me.”The ache wraps around his heart, squeezing it tightly. His magic trashes inside, distressed at the accusation. But it’s true, isn’t it? All Taehyung does is lie. He comes from a trickster species, no matter how much his brethren claimed he wasn’t one of them. Yet Taehyung is a Fae in the end, and they lie and cheat and betray to get their way with little remorse. This is carved deep into his bones, the truth of who he is. He will do anything, go to any length to get what he wants.Once it had been Hoseok, with his bright smiles and light heart that Taehyung had desperately wanted to own. But this time it is Jeongguk’s freedom and his right to live a full life. A life where he isn’t tied to Taehyung forever and thus ruined.“I had to. You would have never left otherwise,” Taehyung says instead, tucking away the impending wretchedness into its corner. He has a task to complete and he won’t rest until it’s done. “Jeongguk, we don’t have any time.”But Jeongguk sniffles angrily. He stares into Taehyung’s eyes. “Was any of it real, Taehyung?”The question is an arrow in the warzone of his heart, but Taehyung deserves it. “Yes. The curse wouldn’t have broken otherwise, my love. Every moment I spent with you was real.”“Then why? Why couldn’t you just—just tell me, anything, any hint, why lie if it’s real—”“Because I couldn’t speak of the curse!” Taehyung cries, clutching Jeongguk’s hands. Morbidly wishes for Jeongguk to enter his mind and just see his truth, believe him. “If I had uttered even a single word, you would have been stuck behind forever.”“And I told you I was okay with that!” Jeongguk yells, wrenching his hands away, furious. He presses fists to his eyes and quickly drops them. His gaze turns pleading just as fast, taking Taehyung’s hands right back into his, holding it to his chest. Right to his heart, where it beats wildly enough that Taehyung’s afraid it will burst out. “Taehyung. I love you. I need you, I—please come with me. Or let me stay until you do. Please.”“There isn’t a way out—”“Isn’t that what you asked me? To stay with you?” Jeongguk presses his lips to Taehyung’s hands, kissing the knuckles over and over again. “You didn’t have to ask me twice, Taehyung, so please—please don’t make me beg. Please stay with me. Or let me remain here with you, just like we dreamt we would.”His heart breaks at that, and somewhere it’s too mocking. How Taehyung ached to physically break the hold of the curse, only to now have his heart break again—he hates seeing Jeongguk like this. His Jeongguk, with his confidence and playfulness, his charm and his hope—looking so utterly broken and helpless. “Don’t. Don’t make it harder than it already is.”“It doesn’t have to be hard at all.”“I know,” Taehyung murmurs, pulling away gently while Jeongguk wildly grasps at him, afraid of letting go. Taehyung understands that all too well. “I know. I make it so hard. I don’t deserve you, and you deserve better than me.”“Stop saying that—”“Which is why you deserve to go out there and explore,” Taehyung continues, freeing himself and holding Jeongguk by his face instead, pressing their foreheads together. Inhales his wood-bark scent, the soap lingering on his skin. The last time, perhaps the only time. “You have to find someone who won’t break your heart like I am.”“You’re the only one who can,” Jeongguk keens brokenly, a crack at the back of his throat. “You already have.”The words punch him through his gut. The memory flickers at his edges. Jeongguk had said this once, and Taehyung had thought he had been teasing. What a fool he has been to fall so deep. But he persists now. “You deserve to go home. To meet your family and—to show them you came back alive. Just like you promised them.”Jeongguk cries harder, pressing his hands to his mouth to keep his sobs in, and Taehyung aches all over. Never has he felt agony for another the way he does for Jeongguk. “I don’t care, Taehyung, I don’t want to—”“But you do and you should, my love,” Taehyung persists, pressing their heads harder and hoping to imprint it into Jeongguk. Then he begins pulling away. “So thank you. Thank you for freeing me, but you need to be on your way. Now.”The sailor blindly grabs at Taehyung’s face, holding it closer still. Their lips brush against each other and a sob threatens to burst out of Taehyung’s throat. “But you’re not free yet. There has to be a way. Taehyung, please, please. Try something—anything—please, it can’t—it can’t end like this—”Jeongguk breaks down crying, unable to speak as he collapses on his knees, holding Taehyung’s hands. And all he can do is watch helplessly, chest throbbing and heart shuddering. He wishes he could tell Jeongguk differently. Maybe tell him one last lie, a little bit of hope just to get him moving—but he can’t. He can’t hurt Jeongguk more than he already has.Above all, Taehyung knows the way of magic. Knows that magic has loopholes but the costs are often too high. Even if there is a way—and there is—but it’s impossible, something he can’t dream of burdening Jeongguk with.“There is nothing,” Taehyung whispers even as Jeongguk weeps, head bowed down while the boat floats. Taehyung begins to gently push it further, now that Jeongguk is too distracted to resist. “The island’s magic works only for you—the captive. I can’t leave. It won’t let me, darling, unless—” Taehyung halts, afraid he’s already said too much.Jeongguk looks up, hair having fallen into his eyes—even now, he looks brokenly hopeful. “Unless?”“Unless you come back and prove that my love broke the curse,” Taehyung completes. What does it matter, when it would never be accomplished? “That is the way to prove to the island that my love mattered enough for you to come back and break me out of here.”“Then I’ll come back—”“But you won’t find your way back,” Taehyung cuts in, already knowing what Jeongguk will say. These were in the last pages of his grandmother’s notes, one he barely looked at because it seemed ridiculous at the time. But Taehyung remembers. And mourns his curse once more, his broken fate. “Because you will forget the route the moment you cross the borders.”When Jeongguk’s face crumples, Taehyung collapses with him—outside, in the water, robes getting wet as he holds Jeongguk across the boat, curling into his neck. Allows Jeongguk to cling to him one last time, scent him so Jeongguk can relax. “Then let me stay.”“You know I won’t,” Taehyung murmurs, pressing his face into Jeongguk’s hair, looking up at the sky and the ascending dusk. Was it only a couple of moments ago that they exchanged their words and were so, so in love? Still are, with the way they refuse to leave, lingering in each other’s shadows? “I won’t let you squander your life away here, not when you have so much more to live for. So Goddess help me, Jeongguk—I will enchant you if you don’t get this into your thick skull.”He keeps an eye on the wall, heart racing when he sees it quivering like it’s about to close soon—Taehyung scrambles to his feet, pulling Jeongguk up and casting his face to memory. His golden skin and his doe eyes with stars encrusted in them. His lips, pink and bitten and thin, his teeth cutting into the skin of it. Hair hanging limp, and his eyes lined red but to Taehyung he is the loveliest human he’s ever laid eyes on, and he will always be. There will be no one else like Jeongguk.He tugs him close and kisses him one last time, tastes him, and memorises every inch of him. All the moments flash by in his mind—the first time Jeongguk had arrived, the way he had stormed off and refused to give in to Taehyung’s games. How he’d starved until Taehyung took pity, the first time he’d asked Taehyung for his name and it changed everything. As he opens his mouth and Jeongguk kisses back just as fiercely, Taehyung closes his eyes and lets it fall upon him. The way Jeongguk had wormed into his heart, with his questions and his insolence, beating at him with his curiosity until Taehyung cared enough, and then—then Jeongguk was suddenly there.In every crevice and nook Taehyung had carved into himself, Jeongguk had taken a spot and resided. He held Taehyung’s heart in his palms and cherished it, and maybe that had been the moment Taehyung had made up his mind. He can’t tell, as Jeongguk inhales him in like he won’t ever again—and he won’t, which is why it hurts. We would live just as hard because we could die at any moment. Taehyung won’t die, but Jeongguk will one day and Taehyung will never know. All he will have are these memories in the hollow pockets of his mind, and somewhere out in the world, Jeongguk will carry Taehyung’s name in his heart. But he will live.How Taehyung wooed him and how Jeongguk courted him back until they were helpless for each other. The first moment they kissed, the way Jeongguk took care of him and worshipped him. Every single truth he had whispered into Taehyung’s skin and mouth, every sour belief of Taehyung’s he broke with a gentle resolve.Yet, as much as Taehyung treasures these memories and wishes to make more of them, he can’t let Jeongguk stay, no matter how much the human begs. No matter how tempted Taehyung is. Because Taehyung had made a blunder when a human begged once upon a time; this time, he would right his wrongs. After all—love told them to be selfish but asked them to choose to be selfless—and who is Taehyung to deny love, now that it’s come knocking at his door?As long as Jeongguk makes it home. Taehyung pulls away. “It’s going to be fine, Jeongguk. I’m happy I can feel more again.” He pats Jeongguk’s cheek, imprinting the feel of it into his memory. “So go, be happy. Remember, I love you. I always will. But you dare not stop living because of me.”Jeongguk presses closer, eyes still shut as he savours the kiss. When he opens them, his face is a blank canvas. Tear tracks are marked into his skin, but Jeongguk looks—cold. He’s easier to guide now, as lifeless as a human doll, and Taehyung pushes him into the boat before backing away, guiding the vessel further into the water. Jeongguk stares at him the whole time before he turns around, getting the boat ready instinctively and rowing away.When the boat crosses the wall, it lights up—before it closes immediately—and Taehyung is on the other side, palms pressed against the surface. Looks out at the other side, the sorrow finally leaking into his chest and his gut, his knees trembling with the weight adding to them. Yet Taehyung remains standing, eyes trained on Jeongguk’s lone figure until they burn, but even then he refuses to look away.Just when the boat reaches the outer edges of the outcropping of rocks—the place Jeongguk had been shipwrecked on, the rock Taehyung had saved him from—Jeongguk turns around and cups his hands around his mouth.“I’ll come back for you! I promise on the Mother Goddess!”Taehyung falls to his knees then, terrified yet overwhelmed—of course, only a reckless boy such as Jeongguk would make such hasty promises without realising how sacred promises are, especially the ones made in the name of the Goddess. But before he can warn Jeongguk about it—the winds whisk him away. The fog takes over, stumbling over the trail left behind the boat.And just like that, Jeongguk fades from Taehyung’s view—forever. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-Five|

   
At one point, the stars merge into each other.The clouds roll ahead, and days and nights fuse into one another until Jeongguk can’t tell time apart. It’s different out here, however, from the island. Over there it seemed ordinary—the sun rose each morning, and the day gave way to the night until the stars were blinking into existence one by one.On the boat in the middle of the seas, Jeongguk can’t make sense of time—simply stares at the skies above and takes in nothing. He doesn’t know how long it has been since he’s been floating on the boat, the water flowing in and lapping against his shirt. His trousers. Everything is wet, his fingers pruned. It smells like salt and fish, and the lavender is long gone.He tried counting, the first few days. It was all he could do or the grief would rise and crush him, crumple him thin as a tin foil within. Jeongguk had made a promise—and it drove him to find his way out, to row away as Taehyung insisted—because he would come back, of course, he would.Then he crossed the outer limits of the island, watched as the fog took over and Taehyung disappeared from his view—and forgot where it had stood.One moment he knew exactly where to look, the next—absolutely nothing. Blank, like he was lost at sea with nowhere to steer. With each lap the boat covered, the memory of the route began slipping away—just as Taehyung had told him. He remembered the island alright—and how it looked, the vast green all around, the rocks forming a ring to close it in. It blazed brightly in his mind, with Taehyung’s lone figure in the end—but where had it been?It doesn’t matter, and it probably never did—that’s why Jeongguk lies on the surface, gazing up, up, up, and praying he reaches home at least. It’s the least he can get after all this loss, isn’t it? But home doesn’t sound the same anymore. What is home? Jeongguk’s sure he knew the answer once. Debated it, spoke lovingly of it. Now, his mind is day-old oats hardened in the wind. Like sludge, slow and unmoving.And Taehyung, oh gods— it has been days, and Jeongguk has forgotten the route or where the island once was, and all around him are azure blue seas—but he can’t forget Taehyung. Gods above, there is something about distance making the heart grow fonder. The saying is true, where once Jeongguk scoffed at it and called it an old wives’ tale; the further he gets away from Taehyung, the harder his heart pumps. Visions of the witch flash by—the last image he had of Taehyung: in his dark velvet robes, hair now a bright blue and hood off his head. Standing upon a rock and gazing out, refusing to look away from Jeongguk until the fog rolled in—and stole him away.Even as he stares at the stars above, tears roll down his sides, too parched to cry and sob the way his heart wants to. Aches to, clawing at his insides and begging for Jeongguk’s attention. You can’t ignore us. You can’t. But he does, swiftly filing it away as he stares above—and wishes for the seas to swallow him whole.  He’s having a cracker with an odd sort of spread, and somehow, it is the thing that makes him burst.No more stew. Taehyung isn’t chopping away at the vegetables and the meat each morning, there isn’t the smell of herbs and spices being sprinkled liberally. Jeongguk isn’t holding him from behind while he giggles. Taehyung isn’t turning around with mischief in his eyes, and he isn’t leaning back when Jeongguk leans in to kiss.There is a cracker in his hand and Jeongguk breaks.It tastes lovely, of course. Taehyung made it, and the longing echoes loudly. Jeongguk loved the way he cooked, different and strange from Sunsong but familiar all the same. It’s the one piece of Taehyung he still carries with him, is allowed to hold on to when the nights get to lonely and the seas too cold. The robe comes in handy—thick and velvety, the faint lavender lingering upon it. It’s never enough, and when the lavender runs out, Jeongguk is alone once more.  The seas are calm. Jeongguk doesn’t know how long it has been, but he is sure the seas were horrid when he was first travelling. Rough and unforgiving, death lingering in every wave. He can see it, when he deigns to rise and look out at the ocean—the disturbance ahead. He welcomes it, waits for it to crash into him and take him deep within. But it never comes, the waves parting around his boat, the slight sizzle of purple on its edges as it slices through the water.Even apart, Taehyung and his magic look out for him.Does he want to go back to a world without the witch? A world where he would live a regular life with none of the complications magic brought forth? It would be so easy. Jeongguk reaching home, greeting the people he loves. People he is desperate to meet—what happened to his mother? Or Jimin, and Yoongi and Seokjin? Did they miss him? Were they even alive? Taehyung had said time wasn’t real on the island. What if Jeongguk left for them, only to find himself utterly alone in a world that no longer remembered him?It would be all for naught then.He sits in the middle, huddled inside the robe. Watches the sun rise, and feels nothing. The numerous sunrises he had seen with Taehyung, the awe building in his chest every time the rays walked across Taehyung’s heavenly face. In front of him there is space, a small bench where Taehyung was supposed to sit. He can see it so clearly. Taehyung in his velvet robes shrieking because the water wet them. Snapping his fingers and keeping them dry, and Jeongguk would tease him for his finicky ways. Maybe they would tire of each other in the small space, and Jeongguk would coax Taehyung out of his shell. It would be a tight fit, and he’d have Taehyung against him. He’d keep Taehyung warm.Then the sun bursts from behind the clouds and hits him in the face, and Jeongguk wakes up from his dream.The bench in front of him is empty. Jeongguk sits in the middle to balance it out, and there is too much space. Jeongguk can stretch easily and still have room to spare.His eyes burn, and when Jeongguk blinks—the tears fall once again.  Somewhere in the middle, anger takes root in the uprooted soil of his heart.It bloomed one day out of nowhere. One moment Jeongguk mourned Taehyung, the next moment he’s cursing his name.He must look like a mad man. A lone figure on a small boat in the middle of the ocean, screaming at the skies with clenched fists and a broken heart. And why shouldn’t he? Taehyung lied to him. He didn’t say a word, and played along while Jeongguk spoke about his fantasies like a fool, smiled and cried with him. Dreamt with him, sealed each promise with a kiss. Now Jeongguk’s lips are cracked. Dry and peeling, the love leaking away. Jeongguk will never be able to kiss him again. Or hear his giggles, the way they laughed too hard sometimes and stopped in the middle of their trysts. The vision is burned in his mind, but it’s out of reach.Taehyung lied until Jeongguk was in the damn boat. Then he trapped him there, and Jeongguk doesn’t know what to do with the betrayal when he would give up anything to touch Taehyung again. To see him and beg him to let him stay.Anger gives way to sadness again, meek and whimpering in the wake of the grief mounting. All his life Jeongguk had wanted to live with passion. Love something so fiercely nothing else mattered, and once it had been the sea. None of the people of Sunsong, none of the lovers he had collected and cherished and fucked could stand to the might of the ocean, and Jeongguk had been happy with that future. As long as he could sail, Jeongguk would always come back.He understands now why people are afraid to love. Jeongguk loves the sea and it took him away, beguiled him, and promised him adventures galore, a seduction he surrendered himself to. And now Jeongguk loves Taehyung—only Taehyung sent him away. Got his curse taken care of and sent Jeongguk away, now that he had met the witch’s purpose.But what had he said? It was real. The curse couldn’t have broken otherwise. Does Jeongguk trust that, does he believe Taehyung and carry on with hope in his heart? He can’t remember the route. But he remembers Taehyung and his blinding smile, and the way he would curl into himself when he was sad. The way he would ask Jeongguk to scent him, small and lonely—and Jeongguk would bring the world to his feet if Taehyung simply asked.In the end Taehyung had asked for his heart and told Jeongguk to keep his. Told him to be happy as if it is so easy. Jeongguk tires after cursing for a while, and curls into a foetal position. It doesn’t matter in the end if Taehyung lied to him—Jeongguk loves him anyway, and he understands why people are afraid of love.  Acceptance is an odd thing to face. But when it comes knocking on Jeongguk’s door, he can do nothing but let it wash over him.Regret had ravaged his heart before acceptance had deigned to visit. He should have stayed behind. He should have ignored Taehyung and stayed with him, and carved out a life where they could be together. Where they could love each other and learn about one another inside out. Taehyung would never be lonely again because Jeongguk would have taken care.Jeongguk had accepted it once, a life where he wouldn’t return to normalcy, to Sunsong and his people. They would think him dead and there was nothing he could have done about it. But Taehyung made a choice for him, and Jeongguk had let it happen. Imagined for just a moment, a life where he could prove he’d survived and come back. Hug Jimin again, eat his mother’s food, and lie with his head in her lap. Walk the familiar cobblestoned streets and laugh with his friends. Drink away his sorrows in the tavern.It was a fleeting moment, and Jeongguk rejected it the moment it had come. He didn’t want that life anymore. He couldn’t fathom a life where he wasn’t with Taehyung. He didn’t want to go back to being the insufferable, spoilt, and uncaring person he had been.This acceptance, however, tastes different.Jeongguk sits calmly and waits as it washes over him. It’s calm like the seas around. It caresses his face and holds him tightly. This is it. No amount of bargaining or crying or cursing will bring Taehyung back. It won’t halt the flow of tides or turn his boat around; Jeongguk loves Taehyung and he knows Taehyung loves him back, and he always will. But they weren’t meant to be. Jeongguk lets the last of the tears fall before he accepts that Taehyung is far, far away.  He sails for days and nights and afternoons, through cloudbursts and cold drafts. The food runs out and Jeongguk survives on the raw fish he manages to catch, but his appetite is burnt out like the firewood in his stores. With acceptance also came the terrifying reality that Jeongguk might not make it back alive to Sunsong.Yet, he persists. The boat has a mind of its own, gliding and slicing through the water. Had his initial journey been so long? Jeongguk can’t remember, but he lies on the floor and waits for peace to roll over him. Maybe toss him into the water below and save him the pain of living a life so terribly alone.By the third day of running hungry, Jeongguk can barely lift his head. His head pounds in tandem with his growling stomach, painfully clenching at his innards. His mouth tastes like bile and everything smells foul. He wants to claw the skin off his body and perish, but he’s too tired to do anything.He just needs to reach home. Taehyung wanted him to go home. Jeongguk can’t fail him like this, can’t die, and live with the regret of leaving Taehyung behind. He can’t bear the possibility.He gazes at the skies above, pressing his hands into his stomach, kneading the muscles to calm the hunger. It’s to no avail. The skies seem the same. They have been since he started out.And then—they turn familiar.Jeongguk isn’t sure how he can tell them apart, but he’s spent hours upon hours navigating the seas with the stars as his guide. Knows which one points north, steered his numerous boats on the same paths over and over again.It can’t be. It had been such a distant dream, one he could never hold, that he had stopped hoping. And yet, as the last surge of strength gathers in his veins and Jeongguk raises his head just enough—he can see it at last.The familiar docks in the distance. The lighthouse on the cliff standing tall and proud, the boats tied to their posts. The screech of seagulls, the smell of home in the air.The boat doesn’t glide fast enough. Jeongguk isn’t strong enough. He reaches out with a shaking hand but collapses back on the ground, the strength in him leaving just as fast, the dizziness of the movement right at his heels and taking over.Just before Jeongguk succumbs to the comforting lull of unconsciousness, he has one thought.He is the first one to come back home alive. || It smells like meat, wet cotton and herbs.That’s what Jeongguk senses first when he comes to. His eyes are closed, but his nose wakens, sniffing the air. It doesn’t smell like salt and brine anymore, or the stench of fish lingering on the ocean breeze. The aroma is the complete opposite; a sense of home and the comfort of a kitchen.Kitchen.He is in someone’s home. A familiar one with scents he hasn’t smelled in a long, long time. Fingers probe around his forehead, and Jeongguk blinks his eyes open.Above, Yoongi is sitting by his side, hand clutching a wet washcloth.The more Jeongguk comes to, the more he recognises the setting. The familiarity etched into his bones and his skin. He knows where he is. He’s spent countless days dawdling about, chattering, and talking off their ears. Ate their food and sometimes ran away with the batches of fresh desserts.Yoongi doesn’t notice at first, carefully folding the washcloth and frowning, deep in thought. He doesn’t look different—same old Yoongi with his glossy black hair and pale skin, smooth and slightly flushed. No wrinkles upon him, no sign of ageing—but a thick blanket of weariness which doesn’t suit him. He is still Yoongi—but it’s different and Jeongguk can’t point out why.With awareness comes tumbling all the reasons he’s alive—his throat is parched, his skin is burning from inside and his stomach is growling slightly. His lips ache from the cracks, but Jeongguk opens his mouth anyway—and coughs through the words, bringing about Yoongi’s attention.He blinks in surprise, and then—“Jeongguk-ah!” Yoongi exclaims, dropping the washcloth and leaning in close. Sweat beads his hairline and he smells of sandalwood with salt. “Jeongguk, can you hear me?”What an odd question to ask. Jeongguk’s awake, isn’t he? But something lets him know that this isn’t perhaps the first time he’s been awake, if he goes by the hope and fear present in Yoongi’s eyes. “Y-Yoongi.”“Oh, gods,” Yoongi whispers, leaning away and pushing the stool back, the scrape grating on Jeongguk’s ears. “Seokjin! Seokjin-ah! Jeongguk’s awake!”A crash sounds somewhere in the distant, a clatter of metal and ceramic before a tall figure rushes into the room, wiping his hands hastily on an apron. It’s dim and Jeongguk can’t see too clearly—but he could tell apart Seokjin anywhere. The broad shoulders, the confident gait—relief bursts through Jeongguk’s lungs.“Are you sure? For real, this time?” Seokjin asks, stepping close but hesitating. Jeongguk keeps blinking, and his head pounds slightly. “Jeongguk, can you hear me?”Jeongguk coughs, and Yoongi rushes to give him water, holding his head to it and tilting it slowly. He gulps down a couple of swallows before he’s satisfied. “Yes. Why do you keep asking me that?”“Oh, Jeongguk!” Seokjin nearly crows before dropping to his knees and crowding into Jeongguk’s space, hugging him close. Jeongguk can barely lift his arm but allows himself to nuzzle into Seokjin’s broad shoulder, the crook of his neck. Home. A different sort, but one he had sorely missed. “Oh, thank the gods. I thought you’d never wake up.”At this, Seokjin shudders, and Jeongguk feels tears leaking onto his shoulder. Realises then that he’s shirtless with just a thin pair of linen trousers. “Seokjin—what happened? Why are you crying?”“We’ve been waiting for you to wake up for nearly four days, you fool,” Yoongi croaks out, sniffling—and it’s a first for Jeongguk, having never seen the master sailor shed a tear. “We barely managed to get food down your throat. It’s a miracle.”Four days? Jeongguk recalls being at sea, and coming upon the familiar port of Sunsong before he let himself be taken away. He remembers nothing else, or how he got from his boat to Seokjin and Yoongi’s home and their bed. “What—what happened? How am I here?”Seokjin pulls away then, wiping at his eyes and patting his nose. They’re already red and puffy, yet he looks handsome as always. “Eat first. Then we’ll talk. I’ve been dying to get food into you.”“He really has,” Yoongi comments, pulling Seokjin away and supporting Jeongguk’s weight. He is cold to touch, enough that Jeongguk shivers. “He’s been cooking away like a madman. All of your favourites, too.”“Like you haven’t been equally worried,” Seokjin says, rolling his eyes. They turn kind. “Is that alright, Guk-ah? You want to eat?”Jeongguk’s stomach growls loudly then, and it’s enough of an answer. He pats at it and then looks up, sheepishly. All three of them laugh in unison, and it’s the first time Jeongguk feels relieved.  By the grace of the gods, it was Yoongi who spotted him first. Grace, because Jeongguk isn’t sure he wants anyone to know of his return yet. Not when he is so raw.But that’s not what punches him in the gut, when he’s halfway through the food and slowing down, making sure the nausea is at bay—it’s not that Yoongi spotted him. It’s how long he’s been gone, and Yoongi had still waited.It’s been two years since Jeongguk left.“Two years? You’re sure?” Jeongguk asks, spoon held halfway up his mouth while Seokjin and Yoongi look at him with pity.“Two name days have passed since you left,” Seokjin confirms softly, squeezing Jeongguk’s hand. He drops the spoon into his plate, staring a hole into the table. “I wasn’t sure, after the first year. But Yoongi refused to give up. He visited the damn dock every single day.”“You seem shaken,” Yoongi notes, playing with his own food. His eyes are trained on Jeongguk, sharp and astute. “Of course, two years is a long time.”“It’s not just that, I,” Jeongguk halts, exhaling and his body shuddering. Two years of his life gone. “Where I was—time didn’t feel so long. That’s all.”He can sense the way they tense, can taste the questions lingering in the air—but Yoongi and Seokjin are patient. “I see.”“Two years—fuck,” Jeongguk says, squeezing his eyes shut, pressing his fingers into them. On the island, it had seemed like months. It had felt like nothing at all, and he had known in the back of his mind that it wasn’t so. Had been warned that time wasn’t to be trusted—but still. “I can’t believe it.”“Well, you better,” Seokjin says, adding one more serving to his plate. “A lot has happened since you left.”“And you came to the docks every day?” Jeongguk asks, ignoring the other in favour of Yoongi. The pain he had caused them…“Me and Jimin, yeah,” Yoongi says softly, and Jeongguk’s heart races. Oh no. “Jimin became less frequent, but much more than Seokjin. I just…I don’t know why I didn’t give up. It didn’t feel right.”“And I’m glad you didn’t,” Seokjin quips, pecking the back of Yoongi’s head as he gets up, clearing away the empty containers. “Imagine if you hadn’t been there when Jeongguk had washed up.”“Someone else would have found him,” Yoongi shrugs, but there is relief in his eyes. “He would have been safe.”“I don’t think he wants the town to know yet,” Seokjin adds softly, and both turn towards Jeongguk, who curls. Of course, even two years later they would know him well. “Do you?”“I don’t,” Jeongguk says, pushing the food around. Seokjin seems to understand and takes away the plate. “You found me?”“You arrived at a time when I was there,” Yoongi answers, threading his hands together. “I was at the docks. The trading day was over, but I liked to remain behind until the sun really went down. So no one was at the docks.”“Lucky me,” Jeongguk mutters, still unable to fathom the two years. It seems like a joke. “What then?”“So naturally, when I saw a boat floating about—I got concerned. Fishermen weren’t supposed to be out,” Yoongi continues, gulping down water. Seokjin enters the room just then. “I was about to raise an alarm—but then I saw that it was a solitary figure passed out. Nothing else. And I don’t know…”“We had spent so long hoping we were beginning to turn hopeless,” Seokjin carries on, squeezing Yoongi’s shoulder. “Yoongi couldn’t believe it could be you, you know? For all the hoping and waiting, I don’t think either of us were really expecting our prayers to be answered. I found him on the shore when he didn’t turn up for dinner, sobbing by your boat.”“Ah, Seokjin,” Yoongi whines at that, blushing but Jeongguk smiles. He’s always known Yoongi hid a heart of gold somewhere under the sheets of ice. “You don’t have to tell him that.”“I’ll be damned if I have to hide how affected I have been since Jeongguk disappeared on us,” Seokjin says, crossing his arms. Then he turns towards Jeongguk hastily. “Not that I blame you, Guk-ah. But you understand—”“Yeah, two years isn’t a joke,” Jeongguk concludes, nodding. It seems like one but not something he can contest. He can tell from Yoongi and Seokjin alone, the toll his disappearance took upon them. The shop and kitchen is still running—but Jeongguk remembers the life it thrived with. The hustle and bustle, the customers lining up at all times and how Seokjin had him help out sometimes just to bear the crowd. But it’s silent now, and so are Yoongi and Seokjin. Still young, but old as well. Weary. “What happened in Sunsong?”Yoongi turns away, sulking. Seokjin sighs, eyes shaking but squeezes Yoongi’s shoulder before settling down. “Things haven’t been easy.”“You left so quietly, the town didn’t realise until a couple of days later,” Seokjin continues, wringing his hands together. “We knew, and so did Jimin and your brother and your parents, but—the town didn’t really think you’d go ahead. But you did, and they, well, noticed.”“Why wouldn’t they, their star left them,” Yoongi mutters, still looking disgruntled. “Convenient for them. Until someone chooses their own destiny, they’re kissing arse.”“You know it’s not anyone’s fault, Yoongi,” Seokjin murmurs. Jeongguk feels like an outsider peeping in; it seems like something they have discussed one too many times. The chef turns towards him, smiling weakly. “But anyway—they noticed. There were…some rumours, but it was fine. Jimin took care of them.”Jeongguk doesn’t want to think about anyone else. “What then?”“Nothing. Just…eventually it died down. Couple of travellers and even some emissaries came by when they heard the news of an expedition. Apparently it’s a big thing.”“Right,” Jeongguk says, looking down. The table has knife scars on it. Jeongguk’s own match it someplace. “They realised eventually then.”“Six months went by and Jimin started…well,” Seokjin clears his throat, eyes shifting again. “He started creating a ruckus? Alarm. He was fine all those months, but after the six months—”“Which is natural, considering most expeditions don’t last beyond that, or else the food preserves will rot or run out,” Yoongi cuts in. His anger has simmered down. “What Jimin did was natural.”“What did he do?” Jeongguk dares to ask, afraid. “Is he—is he fine?”“He is, don’t worry,” Seokjin assures him, squeezing his hand. “But he briefly—what can I say, lost his senses? Mind? He shut down for another six months. At least until your name day.”The hurt Jimin must have gone through. The pain of losing yet another person to the sea—“And my parents?”“They’re fine, Jeongguk,” Yoongi says, but his tone is too soft. Too placating. Pity lingers in his eyes, and Jeongguk raises his eyes. The elder sighs in defeat. “Your mother is quiet now. She hasn’t spoken since you left.”Jeongguk’s heart shutters. “W-what?”“She just stopped talking one day, couple of days after you left,” Seokjin adds, his mouth curled in a grimace. “We don’t know why. She does her tasks but refuses to say a word.”“Did everyone think I was dead?” Jeongguk exclaims, unable to bear the consequences of leaving. Even though he received more in the end, there is regret encroaching somewhere. “No one had hope?”“Can you blame them?” Yoongi counters, and he’s kind about it. “You were reckless and wild, Jeongguk, and you believed you’d come back. But tell that to the town who has heard nothing but terrifying stories of the Siren at the Sea. It was sanity to accept you were gone.”“Hoping was too painful,” Seokjin says, and Jeongguk scoffs.“You guys never stopped.”“Because we love you, and accepting your death was even more painful,” Yoongi says, meeting Jeongguk head on. Jeongguk cowers down, knows he’s being too unfair. “Jimin didn’t either, but he had better cause to believe it. You know what the sea took from him. And your mother—I don’t know if she shut down because of grief or a promise, but people coped the way they could, Jeongguk.”“I know, I know, I’m—I apologise. That wasn’t fair of me,” Jeongguk says, rubbing his face. “I’m still trying to believe it’s been two years.”“Speaking of,” Seokjin begins, and Jeongguk winces internally. He knows he couldn’t have avoided it for so long. Yoongi and Seokjin have been graceful. “Where were you?”“I thought you know. The Siren at the Sea.”“Jeongguk.”“I don’t want to talk about it,” he says then, and both raise their eyebrows in surprise. But Jeongguk really doesn’t want to. Isn’t sure he can bring himself to talk about anything to do with Taehyung without breaking into a million pieces. “I—I know you must be having questions. But I just—I don’t know how to say any of it.”Seokjin presses his lips into a thin line and Yoongi tilts his head. Jeongguk bounces his leg under the table, terrified somehow that they’ll rip the story out of him anyway. As if what happened was just that: a story. A tale, and not the biggest regret of Jeongguk’s life. How he left Taehyung behind—He won’t. He won’t. He won’t.“Alright,” Seokjin says, getting up and stretching. He pats Jeongguk’s head and makes way to the kitchen. “You ate well. I have to get going for the evening rush hour, but ask Yoongi if you need help with anything.”Yoongi nods. “The spare room has been yours. You can stay as long as you like.”Jeongguk knows what he means. What they both do. Not just for now, but until Jeongguk is ready to face the town outside. Face his reality, come to terms with the time lost. The pain kept at bay, threatening to barge into his heart and drown him. The right thing would be to go out and announce his arrival, his miraculous survival. Meet his parents, Jimin and have the crowd be enthralled by him once more. Just like it was supposed to be, Sunsong’s darling finally back to tell them all the riveting tales of the horrible monster vanquished. That had been how Jeongguk had planned it once, had been sure would be his reality. And now it’s here, but he’s not ready. He doesn’t think he’ll ever be, no matter how much time passes. He didn’t mind settling for the quiet, only to have it ripped away and replaced with chaos once again.Jeongguk misses being quiet with him.“You mean it?” Jeongguk whispers as he gets under the covers and Yoongi tucks him in as if he were a small child. “However long I want?”Yoongi blows out the lantern, quelling the room into darkness. It smells like pine and wood bark. Jeongguk misses the sage. “No one will know you’re here until you tell them. Promise.”Then he shuts the door, and Jeongguk is out like a light. || He stays out of sight for four days more, before he can sense he’s outstaying his welcome. Not that Yoongi and Seokjin mind—but that Jeongguk is staying hidden, away from his responsibilities and his duties to inform his other loved ones he’s alive.But he doesn’t know how to quite do that. To get out of bed, to get ready and face the town, their surprise and shock and judgement. To face his mother and Jimin, and keep the smile when all he wants to do is curl into bed and cry. All this time he’d thought the moment he’d get out he’d have Taehyung with him. And maybe they wouldn’t know him as the Siren—but he’d introduce Taehyung, and know they would fall for him. How is he to manage this all alone?So he stays in bed, staring at the ceiling. The drapes block the sunlight streaming in, and he remembers Taehyung’s bedroom, how it was right next to the window, a dream and a half. The hours upon hours he had spent lazing around with the witch, sometimes fucking and giggling, reading the myriad books he’d gathered while Taehyung lay next to him. How he’d listen to Taehyung croon to him in a language unknown, and know only peace.Jeongguk looks away from the window, tear crawling out of his eye. He can hear Yoongi and Seokjin loitering about, the preparation for the day ahead. The peace of being together, their shared concern for Jeongguk leaking into the air.“I’m worried about him,” he hears Seokjin mumble, faint but pressing. “Something happened. He seems healthy but he’s—he’s just—”“A soldier returning half his weight,” he hears Yoongi reply, the quick exchange of a kiss. “He lost something.”“I wonder if he did forever. If he’ll ever come back.”“We can only wait and be patient—”Jeongguk covers himself with the blanket and squeezes his eyes shut, ears pressed to the pillow and refusing to hear anymore.  He bathes, and dons a new set of linen. He gives away his old set he’d refused to part with, knowing Seokjin would burn them. Which is well, because Jeongguk can’t hold on to Taehyung so fiercely. He can’t.But the robe remains, now having lost its lustre and its lavender. It’s still as soft, and some nights when Jeongguk can’t bear the silence or the frigidness of his company, he holds on to it and wills Taehyung in between them somewhere. A memory will do.When he steps out, hair damp and face freshly shaved, he finds the two of them digging into breakfast. He joins silently, as he has been for the last couple of days. Neither has probed too much or pushed him to go out into the town, and Jeongguk is thankful. At least today, he feels ready. Stronger, not as quick to drop in a sad heap. Taehyung wouldn’t have wanted that. He wanted Jeongguk to live, and he will. He has no choice.“Slept well?” Seokjin asks, scooping scrambled eggs onto his plate and some vegetables. “Any dreams?”“So and so.”“You were snoring like a pig.”“Then why did you ask?” Jeongguk retorts, rolling his eyes but smiling anyway. He missed this with Seokjin; the banter and the care. “All for small talk?”“Yah, this brat,” Seokjin mutters. Yoongi snorts, passing over some tea. “What are your plans for today?”He says it casually, but Jeongguk can tell how they’re hanging on his every word. Maybe today is the day he’ll change his mind, or return to them. Maybe they won’t have to worry too much now. The guilt curdles in his belly. “I was thinking if I could get some fresh air maybe. Without—without the people.”Seokjin pouts in disappointment but Yoongi shrugs, gently squeezing Seokjin’s shoulder. “Docks are supposed to be empty today. The southern end.”Jeongguk frowns. “Any reason?”“Your royal highness requested it,” Yoongi says dryly, chuckling when Jeongguk chucks a stray vegetable at him. “Repair works have been going on. So docks have been requested to be left alone.”Their house is far away from the main town and closer to the docks Yoongi works out of. Seokjin’s kitchen is popular enough to attract a crowd no matter the time. “Sounds good. We can pass undetected?”“I know a way. Wait here, I’ll get changed.”Jeongguk fiddles with his food, appetite souring at the idea of being free when Taehyung is still trapped. But he can’t do anything. He can’t stop living because of it. Seokjin keeps gazing at him, holding his head delicately with his palm. Then he sighs.“Why the avoidance, Jeongguk?” He asks without preamble. Jeongguk can’t blame him, however. “You can’t go on like this forever.”“Watch me.”“No, Jeongguk, it’s not right,” Seokjin insists, clearing the empty plates and scraping off the remains in the sink. “Whatever happened to you—there are still people who grieved you. Grieve you. Even if you don’t wish to, you owe it to them.”Seokjin’s right. Once, Jeongguk would have challenged the notion that he owed anything at all to others. But he understands now, the impact of his actions, how far the ripples reach. How he was haplessly embroiled in a curse he had no idea about, and how it haunts him still. His choices and actions matter.So Jeongguk rubs his face in defeat. “I know. I’m being a coward; I know. I just—I need time, Seokjin. I don’t know how long.”Seokjin purses his lips before nodding. “Make sure it’s not forever.”“Noted.”“I mean it, Jeongguk-ah,” Seokjin warns, his tone firm. Jeongguk recognises it as the voice he’s not to take lightly. “It’s not fair otherwise. They have already suffered.”Which he supposes they have, in their own way. Two years of believing Jeongguk was dead and gone, never to return—he has to right his wrongs, let them know he is fine. He’s alive and breathing, and it doesn’t matter if a part of him has shrivelled up and died, left behind on an island no one knows and will never find again. They may not know what Jeongguk lost to prove he’s alright, but they shouldn’t grieve without reason anymore.So Jeongguk nods, and when Yoongi comes out—having stayed in longer than necessary, maybe wanting to give Seokjin a chance to be his older, concerned self—they take the backdoor and take the path to the docks undetected.  Jeongguk’s always known with Yoongi that he can’t keep secrets.Of course, he’s not a blabbermouth by any means. He’s been scolded one too many times for keeping quiet about what worries him or bothers him, for fear of upsetting others more than necessary. Or adding to their burden.Yoongi and Seokjin are some of the few people he’s felt alright opening up around. So it isn’t any wonder that a stroll down the docks turns into Jeongguk nearly spilling everything to Yoongi. Nearly, because he still can’t bring himself to tell it all. Or to talk about Taehyung without wrenching his heart out.“So you did meet the Siren then,” Yoongi concludes, when Jeongguk finishes narrating the part where he had reached the island the first time. “You saw it with your own eyes.”“And lived with him, for the next two years it seems,” Jeongguk says, sitting on the planks, feet hanging over the water. Just like when he had been a child. “Up until my ship was wrecked, I hadn’t really believed the myth.”“Yet you took the risk to embark on this journey.”“How could I not, Yoongi?” Jeongguk asks, spreading his hands. He can’t recall his past self or the reason he was so invested in the Siren’s myth. A part of him that now knows about magic wonders if it was predestined somewhere, a show of hands by the Fates. “Nothing else made me feel alive.”“I can see that,” Yoongi says slowly. Jeongguk turns towards him, takes in the careful way Yoongi is looking at him. Scoffs. “You don’t seem like it since you came back either.”“Is this your way of getting out the story?”“Can you blame me?” Yoongi counters, before taking out a cinnamon stick out of his pocket, holding out the half to Jeongguk. “You vanished for two years, Jeongguk. Not a word, no matter how hard I sent the signals out, asked the other travellers for any news. You left one day and the sea swallowed you up.”The guilt stabs again. The echoes of Seokjin’s request haunt at his heels. “I didn’t choose the timing, you know.”“I know, I know. The Siren confused your sense of timing—”“It wasn’t him. It was the island,” Jeongguk corrects, sucking at the stick. His tongue numbs after a moment. “You won’t understand. There were forces at play that you won’t believe.”“Try me,” Yoongi challenges, facing Jeongguk head-on. “Whatever it is, it surely won’t be anything I haven’t heard.”“Yoongi, trust me, it’s not anything you’ve ever heard—”“What is it? That the Siren was a monster? Or wasn’t one? Perhaps a magical creature then?” Yoongi lists, and when Jeongguk freezes at the last one, his eyes dawn with understanding. “Magic, then.”“So you believe it?” Jeongguk asks carefully. When he’d left Sunsong, he’d thought magic was a lie. He knows better now. “You think magic is real?”Yoongi snorts. “Obviously, Jeongguk. This world has been far older than the humans it hosts. It is foolishness to think magic isn’t real.”“But the king—”“Humans will always deny that which they don’t understand, or fear,” Yoongi notes simply. “Sometimes it’s another human. Sometimes a kingdom. In our time it was magic. You know of the Conquests, don’t you?”“Yes, but—”“They still happen from time to time. Just not as loud. But they’re real, Jeongguk. I believe you.”Something about the easy conviction in Yoongi’s voice pricks at Jeongguk. How is the elder so sure, and where did he learn it? His travels? Did he know something more, or had he always known but kept quiet because of the punishment it could bring?He’s too tired and too full of Taehyung to question him just yet. His curiosity can wait.“Alright. So yes. The siren is a magical creature, of sorts.”“They do magic?”It’s interesting how Yoongi’s guesses hit the mark. “We would call him a witch in our terms, yes.”Yoongi mulls over the words, staring out into the ocean. For a moment the setting sun shines in his eyes and they gleam silver. “Was he a Fae, Jeongguk?”Jeongguk chokes around his stick, coughing while Yoongi thumps his back. When he blinks the tears out of his eyes, he looks up, wide-eyed. “How do you know?”“I thought as much,” Yoongi says instead, refusing to look Jeongguk in the eye. “Tell me what happened, Guk-ah.”He’s not sure if he should, or if he should grill Yoongi some more, ask him about the term and his knowledge of it. But Yoongi can be quite tight-lipped when he wishes to be, and Jeongguk will crack his nails if he attempts prying. “He took care of me.”“The Siren?”“Yes. He—he wasn’t the monster the myth painted him out to be,” Jeongguk begins, choosing to speak even though his throat itches. “Or—he was. For a while, he was terrible. And then…”“Then what?”“I don’t know,” Jeongguk says, helpless. Where does he even begin? How does he explain to Yoongi how it all started and ended? Jeongguk isn’t sure he even remembers the first days. “Something happened. And he wasn’t as terrible anymore.”“Did he cast a spell on you?”“No, nothing like that,” Jeongguk says, keeping to himself the moment Taehyung had kept him frozen. The very last time he’d kept him trapped inside the boat so he couldn’t leave like he wanted to. “I love him, Yoongi.”Yoongi raises his eyebrows. “Jeongguk—”“I know what you’re going to say,” Jeongguk cuts in, already resigned. “You’re going to say it wasn’t real. Or it was a spell or magic or something other than what it really was. You don’t have to spell it out.”The elder presses his lips into a thin line. “That’s not what I was going to say.”But what else can it be? Jeongguk knows he sounds delirious, a little too naïve. He comes back from a land no one knows, spouting things about a creature everyone hates—who would ever believe him? “I promised I’d go back for him.”At this, Yoongi swivels his head at neck-snapping speed, eyes wide. “What?”“I didn’t want to leave,” Jeongguk continues, removing himself from the moment. It’s almost as if he’s stepping out of his body and observing himself. There he is, sitting on the docks with his legs swinging, the sea churning below. Yoongi is alarmed right next to him. “When the time came, I didn’t want to leave. I’d have done anything to stay.”Yoongi seems like he wants to harp about the promise, but wisely keeps quiet. “Why didn’t you?”“He made me leave,” Jeongguk says, numb as the words punch again. A cruel stain of maybe he didn’t want me after all persisting even now, when he knows how untrue the words are. “I had a chance and he wanted me to—to come back and show you guys that I’m alive. To honour my first promise of coming back.”The tears come rolling down then, tears he had kept at bay all along, too tired to cry and then too dry. But here he is, alive and kicking, well-fed and miserable. He wanted to be all those things with Taehyung, and he’s so, so alone.Jeongguk sniffles, wiping his nose on his shirt sleeve. Yoongi is silent next to him. “I never thought I’d settle, you know. Not until I met him and stayed with him and—and learned to love him. I still do.”Yoongi makes a pained noise, an awkward shuffle to press close to him. It nearly makes Jeongguk smile through the tears. “You don’t have to stop, even if you can’t go back.”“No, no, I have to,” Jeongguk states, wiping his eyes and squeezing his hands into fists. “I promised to go back for him. But I can’t because I don’t—I don’t remember, Yoongi. I don’t remember anything about the way back.”“Some promises can’t be kept, Jeongguk—”“No, you don’t understand,” Jeongguk says, turning towards the elder. He, however, doesn’t meet the confusion he’d been expecting. There is knowledge lingering, something Yoongi knows more than Jeongguk. But he persists anyway. “I promised on his goddess that I would.”The elder halts, frozen. “What?”“Taehyung followed this goddess. We don’t have her but apparently all magical creatures follow her—” Jeongguk stops because Yoongi is suddenly squeezing his shoulders. “Yoongi?”“Jeongguk,” Yoongi begins slowly, fingers flexing. His grip is so tight it hurts. “Please don’t tell me you swore on the Mother Goddess.”“I did,” Jeongguk says slowly, watching as Yoongi’s eyes shutter and he inhales shakily. “How do you know her, Yoongi?”“Gods, Jeongguk, did you have to be so brash—?”“Fuck that,” Jeongguk cuts in harshly. He wants to ignore the odd signs some more but it’s too obvious. And after all the lies and secrecy at Taehyung’s hands, Jeongguk simply wants clear answers. “How do you know about her, Yoongi?”Yoongi looks at him carefully and then, shakes his head. “Now’s not the time. I’ll tell you—someday. But right now— you need to find a way to fulfil that promise.”“Why?”“Because if you don’t, Jeongguk,” Yoongi says, and gulps. There is sorrow in his eyes. “If you don’t, the price might be too high for you to pay.”  They stay until the docks begin to get busier inspite of the royal decree to stay clear. Then they both make way back to Yoongi’s home, only Jeongguk doesn’t utter a word.Lies and secrecy; why does no one tell him anything? Clearly, Yoongi knows something, has probably known something all along. Maybe even before Jeongguk embarked on this journey, and he still won’t say anything apart from his cryptic bullshit.Seokjin immediately knows something happened, and swarms like a mother hen. Yoongi and he speak something in their non-speech, and Jeongguk is tired.“What happened, Jeongguk?” Seokjin asks, and Jeongguk scoffs. Yoongi snorts derisively and goes about making tea. Seokjin hums. “Yoongi piss you off again?”“What a bold assumption. Why does it come on me?”“Out of the two of us, you’re more than capable of pissing people off with that saintly bullshit you pull.”“I’m pretty sure it’s your childishness—”“He doesn’t tell me anything!” Jeongguk explodes, not wanting to a part of yet another bickering between the two, which isn’t really a bickering. Even the way they fight is so—so endearing. It reminds him painfully of the way Taehyung and he used to be. “I ask questions, I tell him everything and he just—just sits there on his knowledgeable high horse, telling me nothing!”Seokjin and Yoongi exchange glances before the former sighs, plopping into the seat in front of Jeongguk. “What did you want to know?”“He asked me what happened,” Jeongguk fumes, and wisely, Seokjin places a pot of pie in front which he digs into ferociously. “I told him, and all along it seemed like he knew what I was talking about. And then—then when I got to a part which bothered me, he became all alarmed and was sending me death threats—”“They weren’t death threats, hold on—”“Yoongi,” Seokjin cuts in calmly, and it’s still surprising how Seokjin is the one who holds the reigns over Yoongi. The cook turns towards Jeongguk. “What did you want to know, Jeongguk?”“He knew about the Siren,” Jeongguk says, mouth full of pie. If only he could stuff his void heart full of it. “He knew. And he knows—he knows about magic. And I never knew. He never told me before I left. Why?”Yoongi cuts in then. “Seokjin. The Siren, he’s a Fae.”Seokjin whips his head towards Yoongi so fast Jeongguk is sure he hears a crack. “Are you sure?”“Jeongguk said so,” Yoongi nods towards Jeongguk, who halts eating. Seokjin’s eyes are wide. “And the idiot promised to find the man. He swore on the Mother Goddess.”Seokjin gets up, toppling the seat backwards. “Jeongguk! How could you!”“How could I what?” Jeongguk yells, then lowers his volume, realises people can probably hear. “What, you’re in on this too?”But Seokjin’s eyes are quivering with fear. Yoongi leans against the counter, arms crossed—the picture of nonchalance. But Jeongguk can sense the terror leaking into the air. There is more to this than what meets the eyes.“If you don’t explain what the fuck is going on, I’m leaving,” Jeongguk states then, chucking the spoon and getting up, crossing his own arms. “I’ve had—had too much in the past few days to take any more of this. And I’m not going back to town.”He makes to leave and Seokjin lashes out, hand on Jeongguk’s elbow. He gulps, looking from Yoongi to Jeongguk and back, before sighing. “Don’t—don’t leave. Ask us what you want.”Jeongguk looks between the two of them and the door. A couple of steps away is the exit and the escape, even if his people are outside ready to swarm him. He could face that rather than this madness, but curiosity has always been Jeongguk’s fallacy and it doesn’t seem it’ll stop anytime soon.“How do the two of you know so much?” Jeongguk asks, stepping back from the door and sitting on the chair, ready to leave. “What’s going on?”“There is—a lot, I admit,” Seokjin says, sitting across. Yoongi is tense, like he doesn’t want Jeongguk to know. “You know we aren’t from Sunsong.”“Right.” The two had come when Jeongguk had been a fresh twelve name days old, newly discovering his love for the ocean. Strangers who looked nothing like the Sunsong locals, but beautiful all the same. “Where are you from then?”“You won’t know the name of the land,” Seokjin says, wringing his hands together. “But Yoongi is—Yoongi was—”“What he wants to say is the two of us met at sea,” Yoongi continues, face blank. “Jeongguk—I’m not a sailor.”Out of all the things he expected, Jeongguk hadn’t expected this. “What?”“Well, I was, once upon a time,” Yoongi says, unbothered. “But it quickly turned to—well. Piracy.”It’s like someone’s put cotton inside his ears and everything sounds far away. When the words settle, it rings Jeongguk’s bones like a lyre. “What?”“Yoongi is a pirate,” Seokjin repeats gently. His eyes hold pity. “Or well, he was, before he gave it up to be with me.”“We met at sea when I—well, when I hijacked Seokjin’s ship,” Yoongi says, and Jeongguk nearly falls out of his chair. He can’t believe he’s hearing this at last, the story of the two of them. The two would always skirt around whenever Jeongguk asked, until he stopped asking. “We made a life and decided to give up who we used to be. Which is why we came to Sunsong for a fresh start.”“That’s—I don’t know what to say,” Jeongguk murmurs. He has a lot, but he’s not sure how to put it in words. So he asks the only thing which makes sense. “What does that have to do with how you know of Taehyung?”Seokjin raises an eyebrow. “Is that his name?”Jeongguk bites his lip at the blunder. Oh well, it isn’t like someone will find the way now. “Yes. How do you know him?”“We don’t,” Seokjin answers, and Yoongi nods, biting at his thumb before dropping it. “Truly, we don’t. But why we told you is we’ve travelled far and wide, and we heard things. That’s all.”“That did not sound like some things you ‘heard’,” Jeongguk counters, scowling. “Seriously, if you are having this ruse of telling me the truth, at least tell it well.”“You brat, it is the truth,” Yoongi hisses, and Seokjin grabs his wrist, rubbing it in gentle strokes. Yoongi exhales sharply. “We heard things about the Siren. I—I knew some people and like I said, magic isn’t dead. Stories are always alive.”“Then why didn’t you tell me?” Jeongguk asks, nearly pleading. What good would that have done, though? Jeongguk knows even as he asks that he would have plundered on anyway like a horse in blinders. “If you knew even a little bit—”“Jeongguk, you didn’t even believe in magic then,” Seokjin says, worn down. “Not to mention, it’s practically treason to speak of magic here. Sinwang was the forefront in the Conquests. And you wouldn’t have believed us anyway.”“Seokjin and I were outsiders and always will be,” Yoongi adds, and Jeongguk lets go of the energy inside. This he can’t begrudge them. He’s seen the way the people of Sunsong always treated the two of them. “You come from an important trading family. Do you see how saying anything would have stacked against us?”He does, however much it hurts. Now he knows better and can’t dream of turning in his friends, but back then Jeongguk was careless, easily angered and said the wrong thing at the right time even if his heart had been in the right place. He hadn’t been as staunch against magic, not like Jimin had been, but he wasn’t keen on it. Jeongguk remembers his first journey to Angye, the haunted sense of mysticism in its air, the way he’d thought it was blasphemy when he saw the spell that would lead him to Taehyung’s island. The old man on the voyage and how Jeongguk had scoffed at him. How, until Taehyung had him in the thralls of his magic, he had denied magic being real.It makes sense that Yoongi and Seokjin, possibly on the run from—from piracy or sea crimes, fuck—were looking out for themselves.“I do,” Jeongguk says then, and both breathe a sigh of relief. Jeongguk rubs his eyes, tired. What has his life come to? “What did you mean about the promise to the Mother Goddess?”Both sober down immediately, serious. Yoongi takes a seat next to Seokjin, holding his hand loosely. “What do you know about her?”“That she is their goddess,” Jeongguk answers without resistance. “I mean, the magical people. They revere her a lot, and she's the only one. Why?”Yoongi and Seokjin exchange looks. Then Yoongi clears his throat. “Well, you heard right. She is their goddess, the only one. And someone who is…just. Benevolent, but just.”“And? Why does that matter?”“Because Jeongguk, you emotional lovelorn fool,” Seokjin says sweetly, and Jeongguk bristles. But he knows Seokjin means well. “You made a promise on her name. And she demands…payment.”Jeongguk frowns. “Huh? But we all swear on our gods, like, all the time.”“I’m sure that’s how you must have said it, but the magical are different,” Yoongi strains. Seokjin nods solemnly. “Don’t ask me how I know—I just do. The Mother Goddess is the holder of magic. She exists in different forms for different creatures, but she exists. And the number one rule of magic is balance.”“Which means…?”“If you ask, you must pay back,” Seokjin says. “If something is taken from you, you’ll get something else. It works both ways. Which means—”“If I promise, I must meet it or—something will happen to me,” Jeongguk finishes, finally realising. Fuck, he really should have paid better attention to the magical aspect of Taehyung’s existence instead of just his love. This is what he gets for being a human. “Which can be anything.”“Yes. And you never what or how she shows her displeasure, which is why—you need to fulfil it somehow.”“Ideally, I would keep you trapped to Sunsong so you didn’t leave,” Seokjin adds, looking uneasy at the prospect. “And if you hadn’t told us about the promise we would have. But well…”It is alarming indeed, and Jeongguk can sense it at his heels, begging for attention. When He’d made the promise, he’d been distraught and mad with lingering grief, as he crossed the wall and watched Taehyung stand pressed against them, tears streaming down his face. It’s vague, but he can recall the alarm on Taehyung’s face when he shouted the words, the way he had been mouthing something before the fog rolled in. Jeongguk hadn’t cared then, and he doesn’t want to now. But he’s seen the cruelty of Taehyung’s curse and also doesn’t want to fuck with magic, no matter how much he hates it.There’s just a tiny problem, however.“So even though you don’t want me to leave, you will because apparently, this Goddesses’ punishment can be worse than the actual journey itself,” Jeongguk clarifies, and both nod in unison. “Great. I hear you. Except there’s a barrier.”“What?”“I don’t remember the way,” Jeongguk says, not beating around the bush. Yoongi opens his mouth but Jeongguk holds out a hand. “I can’t, even though I remember every single moment on the island itself. But not the way. It’s a part of the curse.”At this, the two straighten. “What curse?”Jeongguk opens his mouth to explain and—he can’t. He’s spoken so much already, he can’t do this anymore. “I can’t say. I don’t want to. All I can say is that anyone who leaves that island forgets the way back. So there’s no use trying.”He’s had an ample amount of time wondering. It hurts, and he hates the taste of it but acceptance is a funny thing. Jeongguk isn’t meant to find the island. Even if he suffers a curse of his own for his brash oath, there’s nothing Jeongguk can do about it. He sees the hope crash on Yoongi and Seokjin’s face—and keeps quiet, lets it happen.He said his goodbyes to Taehyung, and even though all he wants is to get on the next boat and make wild guesses at the island’s location, Jeongguk knows in his heart it would be a futile gesture. || It’s strange walking the streets of Sunsong in broad daylight. Stranger still as its people gawk at him, halting in their steps while Jeongguk is midst them once more.He pays no heed to the gasps, the buzz in the air as they start whispering. Jeongguk walks forward, slicing through the crowds while Yoongi trails behind, making sure he’s not ambushed by the curiosity begging for attention.It had been two more days before Jeongguk finally got out of his head and bid goodbye to the cloud of misery raining above him. He’s still sad—he doesn’t think he’ll ever stop, a stain upon his heart he won’t ever be rid of. But Seokjin was right—even if Jeongguk didn’t feel like it, he owed his parents and Jimin the news of his return. Even if he didn’t want to celebrate it as a victory, he would have to pretend and keep the melancholy for the dark. In the eyes of the world, Jeongguk is a hero. And he would have to pretend to be one.The first person he wants to visit is his mother.After the reveal of Yoongi’s real identity and the burden of the promise coming his way soon—Jeongguk had shut down. It was unfair—yet no one’s fault but his own. He’s always been brash and reckless, even if he did learn better when living with Taehyung. Only he could pay for it, and wondering about how the payment would come nearly drove him mad. And whenever Jeongguk used to feel so lost, so untethered—the person he would always come to was his mother.So here he is. Two years later, the front door as familiar as his name. Behind him, the crowd grows and Yoongi keeps them at bay. But Jeongguk can’t bring himself to raise a hand and knock, he can’t bring himself to—to believe this is real. He’s home. He’s finally meeting his mother after months—no, years—of missing her, of giving up on ever seeing her. Seeing his home and the familiar scratches on the door, the flowerpot by the windowsill. Stone worn down by age.How the creepers are wilting, or how the window seems dusty. As the charm of his family home fades, he can see the death lingering about its presence.Jeongguk stands frozen, fist trembling in the air. He can’t do this, he can’t rupture the fantasy and reality he’d created. To see the stain of his choices lying about. He stands—until Yoongi reaches around and knocks for him.“Thank you,” Jeongguk says, and Yoongi squeezes his shoulder in support. He waits, and when the door opens—Jeongguk’s knees knock against each other.His mother has aged so much.Of course, she’s the same—familiar wrinkles on her forehead, laughter lines around her mouth, and streaking the side of her eyes. But her face hangs and her lips are turned down. Her eyes are almost lifeless when they meet Jeongguk’s—and his heart splinters even more.“Mother,” Jeongguk whispers—and she collapses. Jeongguk rushes forward, arms wrapped under her as she breaks in his arms, sobs bursting out of her and leaking into his shirt. He simply holds her, patting her hair and inhaling her scent, the accumulation of citrusy perfume and years of cooking embedded into her skin. “Hello.”“J-Jeongguk,” she gasps out, clutching at his arms. Her voice cracks, hoarse and unused. She hasn’t spoken since you left. Jeongguk can hear it now, how it scrapes against her lips. “Jeongguk, is that—is it really you?”“I’m back, mother,” Jeongguk says, holding on tightly. Perhaps too tightly, because her bones press into his. How frail she has become, how—how limp. “I promise, I’m back.”“Oh, my child,” she cries, pressed into his neck. She’s small, always has been and Jeongguk had taken great pleasure in being so tall. Had always been excited about protecting her. How could he have left her alone for so long? “Oh, thank the Fates, you’re here. You’re safe.”“I am,” Jeongguk says, turning around and beckoning Yoongi in, who shuts the door and with it, the crowd. It’s silent, the smell of wood smoke and herbs in the air. Lunch hour then, which means— “Are they here?”His mother pulls back, wiping her eyes. Already youth blooms onto her cheeks. She nods, taking Jeongguk’s hands onto her own. “They’re back in the kitchen. Come. I have your favourite ready for you.”Jeongguk walks behind like a little child, and when he enters the kitchen—mayhem breaks loose.As a child, he’d always gotten whatever he wanted. Perhaps it had been due to being the youngest, but Jeongguk likes to believe he was raised in a happy family. His parents were proud of him, as was his brother. It was only due to his decision to go into sea travel that things soured for them, and at the time, Jeongguk didn’t know what to do with such outward rejection. He’d been angry then and had refused to speak to either of them.But when he sees his father, Jeongguk can’t help but burst into tears—as does his father, clambering to his feet and rushing towards him.His brother soon joins and pulls their mother in, and at last—Jeongguk is reunited with his family.  All is forgiven, it seems, when one returns from the dead. It’s back to how it used to be—the four of them sitting down and sharing the meal between them. Jeongguk’s mother can’t stop crying, his father simply squeezes his hand periodically and his brother, annoyingly enough, pokes his cheek as if to check if he’s real.“Junghyun, stop it,” Jeongguk says after the tenth time, allowing his mother to feed him. Her hands tremble, but he lets her have this. “I am real.”“I just want to be sure,” Junghyun whines, stuffing his own face. “It’s not every day your brother returns from the dead, you know.”“Lovely to see the belief,” Jeongguk mutters, but lets it pass. Yoongi had left a while back, leaving the family to themselves. “Ah, mother. Your cooking is still the same.”“Hey, you died, not her skill.”“Junghyun, I really wasn’t talking to you—”“Shh, enough both of you,” she says, but fondness coats her words, quiet happiness at her family reunited. Her voice is still hoarse, and Jeongguk aches. He wishes he could take all their hurt away and bottle it up, perhaps apologise a thousand times over.Yet, he can’t bring himself to regret his choices either. No one asks about where he was or what happened, and Jeongguk thanks the Fates for the grace. It was different with Yoongi or Seokjin—but his parents don’t know magic. To them, the Siren is still a terrifying monster. Horrific, and they see Jeongguk’s return as a victory rather than defeat. They would never understand, not even if he tried. But he mourns it anyway, as they giggle and bring him up to date. He imagines having Taehyung next to him, shy but sweet. His mother would have liked him, and his brother would have tried to tease Jeongguk a little too much. His father would smile and even if they never knew Taehyung’s true nature, they would love him just for him. Just because he made Jeongguk happy.He gulps down the last morsel and smiles through the pain.As he father regales them with tales of the trade, the recent shifts in business—perhaps a way to keep things normal, maybe avoid the elephant in the room—there is a ruckus outside. Shouts in the air, and Jeongguk’s aware of the crowd that had gathered. He makes to get up but his brother keeps him down and leaves instead.The moment he opens the door he’s thrown back as Jimin bursts in, breathing heavily.Jeongguk stands, dropping the napkin and stares. Jimin stares back at him, hair askew and eyes wide, nose flaring. His cheeks are red and sweat lines his forehead. Even his healer’s coat is off one shoulder, and it—it really is him.“Jimin—oof.” He doesn’t get to complete the greeting before he is tackled to the ground, Jimin pressed into him. “Hello. I missed you too.”He doesn’t know where the nonchalance is coming from when his heart is racing inside, his head screaming from finally, finally meeting him after missing him for so long. He’d promised Jimin when he’d left that he’d come back, and he rejoices at that. Of course, it took him a little while—but he’s here, with his scent of orange blossoms lingering.Jeongguk is devastated but this feeling of home—oh how he’s missed this.“Jimin, I can’t breathe,” Jeongguk says, trying to pull Jimin away from his neck. He’s clinging tight as a cat, claws all the way in. “Jimin-ah—”“How dare you!” Jimin yells, so close to his ear it’s deafening. Jimin pulls away, and he is—fuming. Eyes narrowed but nose quivering, tears lining underneath. “How could you, Jeon Jeongguk?”He’d never thought he would receive this. “I don’t know what you’re talking about—”“You’ve been here for days!” Jimin says shrilly, sitting back on his haunches. “You hid! You kept yourself quiet, and for what?”“Jimin—”“I never gave up on you!” Jimin continues, wiping his eyes furiously. He scrambles to his feet and helps Jeongguk up. “And you come back, and don’t even tell me?”“Jeongguk, is that true?” His father asks, and Jeongguk backs away a little, the weight of their accusation lying on him.“I—I just—” He breathes. Closes his eyes and folds his hands together. “I needed to recover. I was weak. I didn’t want you all to see me the way I had come back.”“As if any of us care,” Jimin snaps. Everyone gives them a wide berth. Jeongguk and Jimin were known to squabble and Jimin’s temper was famous across town. “You’re coming with me.”“Jimin, I’m with mother—”“Go,” his mother says, already smiling. “None of us want to face his wrath.”Jimin takes his hand and drags him to the door. Jeongguk turns, betrayed. “Some family you are.”The door closes behind, and Jeongguk faces the crowd in front. They begin to clamour, but Jimin glares as he cuts through seamlessly. Jeongguk is helpless behind him, and they walk all the way to Jimin’s place. On the way, Jimin doesn’t utter a word. He’s still angry and Jeongguk knows it will be a long while before he can earn Jimin’s forgiveness.One step at a time.They reach. Inside, it smells like herbs—the medicinal sort. Pestles and journals are lingering about, an organised sort of mess even though overall it seems clean. Which is how Jimin’s always been. Jeongguk’s heart pangs—yet one more home he’d missed sorely, and he can finally see it again. “It hasn’t changed.”“Of course, it hasn’t,” Jimin mutters, clearing away the table. “You’ve only been gone for two years.”Jeongguk winces, sensing the impeding scolding. The curses Jimin was known for, and waits. “I’m sorry.”“Because that makes it so much better,” Jimin says, setting out too bowls and a jug of rice wine. Points at the seat. “Sit.”He does so without complaint, and accepts the wine quietly. Jimin drinks two bowls before setting it down, anger written on his face. He glares at the empty bowl and Jeongguk hastens to fill it again, downing his shot. “How many?”“Until you can’t stop blabbering around me,” Jimin replies. Jeongguk gulps. Well then. “Or until you stop lying to me.”“I haven’t lied.”“Not telling me you are back is a form of lying, Jeongguk,” Jimin snaps, taking one more bowl. “I waited for you. Every single day.”“I know,” Jeongguk says, guilt curdling in his belly. “Yoongi told me.”“And still, you took your time.”“I didn’t know how to face you, alright?” Jeongguk says, grip tight around the bowl. “I had promised I’d come back. I found I’ve been gone for two years. I knew what it must have done to you.”Jimin keeps glaring and then—sighs. “Good. So you’re aware then.”“How couldn’t I have been? Every moment I was away, all I could think about is how it would break you and—and how it was my fault—”“Where were you then?” Jimin cuts in, and Jeongguk shuts up. Drinks. Jimin huffs. “Really? You’re not going to explain yourself?”“You won’t understand,” Jeongguk says, eyes trained on the jar. “You of all people won’t.”Jimin opens his mouth then shuts it just as quick—pondering. He levels Jeongguk with a glare but doesn’t say a word. It’s odd because Jimin’s always been gifted at niggling at Jeongguk, getting all the secrets out.“So you won’t tell me about how you left,” Jimin says quietly, arms crossed. “Or how it took you two years to come back.”He hates the hurt present, the note of betrayal. Once, Jeongguk shared everything with Jimin. It was just how things were, and Jeongguk didn’t even blink an eye. Lovers, secrets, passions or his dreams—Jimin had been everything. A part of Jeongguk aches to tell him about Taehyung, gush about him like a schoolboy with a crush. But Jimin’s always been sceptical about anything other than science, and he never had the bandwidth to fantasise. Cutthroat, clear-cut. Jeongguk adored that once. Still does, but Taehyung is written into his seams and he can’t…he can’t forget him and move on. He can’t pretend magic isn’t alive in this world, and he knows Jimin will never accept it. Will probably hate Taehyung for keeping Jeongguk, twist their story into an elaborate ruse on the witch’s part.“I can’t, Jimin,” Jeongguk says, reaching across and grasping at his hand. Stroking the back of it. “Trust me when I say this. You won’t like it.”“Trust you even though you left?”“Trust me because I promised you I’d come back, and I did,” Jeongguk says, and Jimin grimaces. It’s a stupid thing. Both of them know Jeongguk returned by luck, even if Jimin doesn’t know how. “Trust me because I’d always know you, no matter what.”Jimin stares out the window, tear leaking out. Jeongguk can’t imagine the pain, the torment that must have gone through his mind. First his parents, now his best friend. He can see it marked into the house, the grief lingering in the mess. How dead it seems, just like his own home.“I hoped for six months,” Jimin starts, still looking away but letting Jeongguk hold his hand. “I trusted that you’d be fine. I hated the seas, but you were so brilliant. Still are, and I knew I couldn’t stand in the way of the joy.”“Jimin—”“I trusted Yoongi. He said expeditions usually last six months, but yours might be longer. So I held out. Because you had to come back. You promised.” He sniffles, looking back at Jeongguk. “And then it became a year. Then another year. Two name days passed and I didn’t hear a single word.”“I didn’t intend that.”“Obviously, you didn’t,” Jimin rolls his eyes, packing away the wine jar. “But do you know what it does to a person? The first time, I never expected my parents would die at sea. But every moment since then, anytime any of you went to sea, my heart went with them.”“I thought about it every day, Jimin-ah,” Jeongguk pleads. He doesn’t know why. He didn’t do any wrong yet he feels like he needs to make amends. “Every moment that I was—was away, I thought about you. I never forgot, not for a moment.”“But?”“But I can’t talk about it,” Jeongguk says, looking down. “It’s not a secret. But I can’t. At least, not yet. I don’t know how to, but no one—no one seems to understand.”Jimin stares him up and down, tilting his head. Finally, he shakes his head, collecting the empty bowls. “You don’t need to, if you don’t want to. I won’t force you.”“Thank you,” Jeongguk says, lying in a heap. “Oh, that’s relieving, thank the Fates—”“But you’re coming with me to the tavern tonight,” Jimin continues, humming as he puts away the dishes. Jeongguk whips his head around. “And I’m not hearing any protests.”“Jimin—c’mon. I can’t—not so soon—”“You’ve been here nearly two weeks, Jeon Jeongguk,” Jimin says, turning around with hands on his waist. “I don’t know what happened and I won’t force you—but the town is dying to know. And I deserve this, after spending a year as the boy who went mad because you weren’t there.”Jeongguk groans. “You really created a scene, then?”“Oh, you know how I am,” Jimin says casually, picking up the clothes. “One moment I’m charming, next moment you want to stay out of my way.”“Let me guess—if I refuse to come with you, I’ll trigger the latter?”“Without a doubt. So—chop, chop. We need to regale this town with the victory of your return.” || Jeongguk tries. But he hates every moment in the tavern.It’s like someone doused him in cold water and saved him in the nick of time, and now Jeongguk can breathe again. What had he been thinking all those years ago, believing this was fun? Sitting on a table, a jug of mead and a roving eye. But no one appeals to him anymore—the people of Sunsong had its share of beauties, some wild foreigners—but Jeongguk is stained by Taehyung. Every time someone even remotely similar appears, Jeongguk’s off the table—only to be disappointed. Of course, Taehyung wouldn’t be here. He’s still locked away on a terrible island, now able to feel all his pain.He downs the mead before he can allow the thought to worsen.Worse is the travellers all dropping in one by one, the stench of days-old tunic and fish and wine surrounding him. Jeongguk used to love their company once, eager to learn everything about the sea and sailing. Now he wants them gone because—Well. None of them actually give a shit about him. No, it’s all about the Siren and how Jeongguk is the first one to return from its clutches.He grips his cup a little too hard, upset at the way they seek out the gossip with hungry eyes. How they circle around him, how even as he sits by himself nursing his drink, the whispers don’t stop. Aren’t really whispers with how they swarm in and over his head. He doesn’t quite know what to tell them or to politely tell them to fuck off—the curse of being a victor, apparently.“You’re being a real downer, you know that?” Jimin says as he settles into the stool next to him, flushed and sweaty, tunic untucked. The front of it is wet with mead and his hair is a crow’s nest: the result of dancing away with the troupers. “People want to know. Why are you denying them?”“I didn’t even tell you,” Jeongguk says, sipping. Catches the eye of a girl waving at him, and Jeongguk presents a half-smile before looking away. “Fresh chance in hell I’m going to tell a bunch of strangers.”Jimin tuts, orders another round. All the while he levels Jeongguk with an unimpressed look but Jeongguk doesn’t care. Even if it pisses Jimin off. “I figured maybe a bunch of people would boost your pride and begin something.”“Of course,” Jeongguk nods, snorting into his drink. He thinks about it. Pride. Isn’t that what used to drive him once? Make his parents proud or his teachers, his friends or—just about anyone who expected great things from Jeongguk. As a son or brother or a lover, as a student or a sailor—it had always been about someone else. “I used to be quite easy, didn’t I?”“Something’s changed,” Jimin says, taking in a gulp. No one bothers them and Jeongguk is grateful for Jimin’s reputation. “I couldn’t place my finger on it before but—you’re not the same.”“Two years away from home does that to a person.”“But it’s not just that, you see,” Jimin retorts, pushing his hair back. “I know time changes people. Growth, ageing. The sea can take away a lot, I’m the first person to know that.”“Jimin, it’s not that big a deal—”“It’s not just time. You’re not who you used to be,” Jimin pushes, relentless. Jeongguk supposes it was naivety to think Jimin would drop it. He’s always been insistent. “Look at this. Silent in a tavern, refusing the meet eyes with a girl or a guy? Not finding a room to fuck in as soon as you’re down two tumblers?”“Jimin—”“—not preening like a damn peacock because some ass-wipe traveller was ready to listen to you instead of the other way round? C’mon, Jeongguk. I’m not stupid.”“I never said you were.”“No, but you’re acting like I’m some fragile person who can’t handle it,” Jimin says, tapping the tumbler. “As if I will judge you.”“Because you will,” Jeongguk says, and Jimin flinches. But Jeongguk is tired. He does want to speak about Taehyung—is bursting at the seams with it. His brother-in-arms is in front of him and yet, Jeongguk can’t—can’t talk about Taehyung like he would have about any other lover. “Because if I tell you, you’ll judge me. I know it. I’m keeping quiet for both of us here.”Jimin is silent and Jeongguk can’t tell how he’s feeling. If he’s angry or upset. He just doesn’t know anymore. He misses Taehyung. He wonders if Taehyung would have a solution or if he’d be clueless because he’s been cut off from the world for centuries. How would it have been if he’d shown up with the Siren to town? Maybe they’d be driven out by the very sailors now willing to suck him dry.“Okay,” Jimin says after a while, skin back to golden and fingers roaming the edge of the tumbler. “So tell me without telling me. Whatever you can.”“Jimin, I told you—”“You told me you can’t, but I know you’re dying to,” Jimin says quietly. Jeongguk gulps. Two years, and Jimin knows him like the back of his hand. He always will. “And you’re not because—because whatever made you this way is something you think I’ll hate.”“Not think. Know.”“That’s unfair,” Jimin mutters, but then shakes his head. “Whatever. You have good reason for it. But don’t leave me in the dark, Jeongguk. I know I seem fine but the two years really—really tested me. I can’t lose you to your head now.”The statement hits him then. Jeongguk’s not sure how the outside world perceives him now, but maybe Jimin is right—Jeongguk came back, but a part of him is still anchored with Taehyung. And always will be, no matter what. How does it feel for him to see Jeongguk and still not see him? To have him right there and never be able to reach him? It’s the least Jimin deserves after everything Jeongguk’s put him through.He doesn’t quite know how to start—he’s been honest about that. How does one begin a story like his? He can’t ever conceptualise Taehyung, can’t bring himself to speak of the Siren because it never turned out the way he’d envisioned. There was no glorious battle or trickery on Jeongguk’s end, like everyone believes—it was Taehyung’s kindness, his love for Jeongguk that kept him safe. His mercy, even if it had started as cruelty. Jeongguk could have easily been one of the many sailors or merchants that had come to the island—a night of warmth, a desperate hot meal and a curse to live on as an animal or end up slaughtered. But he asked Taehyung for his name and now—Jeongguk knows why something small mattered.Taehyung had been appreciated for the first time in his life and it had saved Jeongguk’s life in turn.How does Jeongguk even convey that?“You know what the others are saying,” Jeongguk says, staring into the mead. The froth bubbling at the surface. “I vanquished a monster and returned home. The first of them all.”“Yes. Is that not what happened?”“No,” Jeongguk says, the words already catching in his throat. He doesn’t want Jimin’s mockery or his judgement. But he doesn’t want to hide it either. “Unless love can vanquish a monster.”Was it that simple, however? Taehyung isn’t a monster, because he’d been punishing those who crossed him. And killed mercifully those who were kind. In his world, it does seem monstrous. In Taehyung’s, it is justice. Who is right, and who is wrong? And is love enough to right it, if it is?Jimin is silent next to him, and Jeongguk imagines the wheels turning in his mind. The connections as the meaning settles. Would Jimin really mock him? If Jeongguk told him about wanting to go back and rescue a thing everyone hated, would he be benevolent then?“You fell for it, didn’t you?” Jimin asks quietly, careful of the word carrying over to those lingering nearby. “That’s why you were away. You didn’t want to come back.”“No, I did,” Jeongguk says, but how does he explain magic and curses to a non-believer like Jimin? “But you wouldn’t understand why I couldn’t, do I’m not sure how to tell you.”“Because it’s a myth and I’ve never believed in them,” Jimin nods, sipping at this tumbler. He doesn’t sound particularly angry, simply curious. “You think I won’t believe you.”Jeongguk spreads his hands. It’s not secret how sceptical Jimin can be, how vehemently he mocks anything other than what he can see. How sometimes in the dark he even curses the gods for not saving his parents when they needed them most. “I’m not wrong in thinking that way.”“You’re not,” Jimin assures, squeezing Jeongguk’s shoulder. He bites into his lip, eyes wandering. He frowns, conflict all over his face. “But I can start—for you.”“Goodness, that’s self-sacrifice alright.”“Don’t push it,” Jimin warns, then sighs. “I don’t want you to ever feel like you can’t tell me things because of how I will react. Even if I’m an arse about it, you know you can call me out for it, alright?”“Okay,” Jeongguk says, trusting him. Jimin’s never been one to lie or put up a façade. “There were elements around Tae—around the Siren which…prevented me from coming back. Even though I wanted to.”“Oh gods, just say it,” Jimin snaps, knuckles white. “What was it? Magic? Some curse or a prison?”Well, since he’s going straight for the throat. “Magic, yeah.”“Alright,” Jimin concedes. Jeongguk can tell how much he wants to scoff at it but is holding himself back. “And you went and fell for it.”“That was the only way out. I didn’t even know two years had passed. Over there—it felt like months, at most.”Jimin nods again, lips pressed into a thin line. Gulps down the last of his tumbler, sets it back. He seems to be contemplating something. “It’s not like the other times, is it?”“What?”“The love,” Jimin clarifies, and Jeongguk freezes before nodding. Takes in his own mead, scrunching his nose at the bitterness of it. “You love it—him. Whoever. You love him more than the sea.”Jeongguk’s eyes widen. “How did you—”“It’s all over your face,” Jimin says, turning towards him. Warmth swims in his eyes instead of the suspicion Jeongguk had expected. “Ever since you’ve returned. Yoongi told me you’re not the same, and I didn’t believe him. But I—I have to because I see it right in front of me. You’re gone.”“C’mon, it’s not that bad.”“I didn’t say it’s bad. I’m saying you’ve changed—for good,” Jimin says, playing with his healer’s ring. Jeongguk reaches for his hand out of habit, marvels yet again at how small it in his palms. “You want to go back, don’t you?”“Well—I mean, of course not, I’ve come back after so long—”“Cut the bullshit,” Jimin snarks, snapping a finger against Jeongguk’s forehead. “You’ve never been happy when a goal is left unachieved. That at least hasn’t changed about you.”Damn Park Jimin and his ability to read Jeongguk like a book. “Fine—yes. Yes, I do, even though I know you wouldn’t want me going back to the sea.”“You’re right, I don’t,” Jimin says, but it has none of the anger he usually possesses when talking about the ocean or sending Jeongguk away. “But you’d wither away here, so what good is it to me? I want you happy more than I want you—safe. As redundant as that sounds.”“My, my, that’s a change I never saw coming,” Jeongguk remarks, and Jimin blushes. “Park Jimin, ready to be so understanding.”“Shut up, a lot happened in two years,” Jimin mumbles. Jeongguk pulls him in, shoulders around as Jimin tucks himself into Jeongguk’s shoulder. It feels wet, and both pretend Jimin isn’t crying. “What’s stopping you?”“I can’t go back,” Jeongguk recites like a parrot, though the words burn in his mouth. “I was supposed to forget the route back the moment I crossed over.”“Magic, never logical,” Jimin mutters, still leaning in. “So what’s stopping you from finding another way?”“Nothing, but—I mean, there was one route to the island—”“It didn’t stop you the first time,” Jimin says, playing with Jeongguk’s shirt. “You didn’t even know how many routes there were. You tried anyway.”Something about the way Jimin says it makes the wheels in Jeongguk’s mind run. Jimin’s right; Jeongguk had no idea the first time—blindly trusted a sailor and followed a lead. And if there’s anything he’s learnt from his time at the island—there are loopholes, always.“You’re right,” Jeongguk says, swaying the two of them slightly. “It’s just—Taehyung told me once I left, I wouldn’t find my way back. Even though I promised I would.”“There you go. Jeon Jeongguk and his promises. You’ve always lived up to yours, haven’t you?”“But those were—different. This is—this is magic, it’s not something I’ve dealt with before.”“Oh, please. You promised me you’d come back, and you have—after living two years with a magical mythical creature everyone is terrified of,” Jimin says, rolling his eyes. He lifts his head up, eyes narrowed. “You made it back on some magic boat that kept you safe. Magic isn’t some otherworldly thing, if I go by what you’ve said. It seems like a system. And every system has a way out.”He sounds too sure and too mature, and Jeongguk is suspicious. “Exactly how long did you talk to Yoongi, again?”“I knew your arse would be shifty about the details,” Jimin says without batting an eyelid, chewing at a peanut. “I don’t believe any of this shit, alright? I still think it’s ridiculous. But I’ve always believed in you, and so the gods help me, Jeongguk—if you don’t do something about that stupid curse or promise or whatever, I will flay you myself.”“I can’t believe this,” Jeongguk exclaims. He’d asked Yoongi to keep shut but then—maybe the elder had reasons of his own. “You, of all people. You want me to go back.”“It’s that or you moping around town, and that is terrible,” Jimin says—but his fingers shake. Fear crawls over his frame. “I am scared. I want to hold you back and never let you go again. I don’t care about magic, but I care about you. And I’ll care about some stupid curse following you because you gave up too soon. I can’t have that taken from me.”“Jimin…”“Nothing ever made sense after they left. But you were there. You and your family, and you were so young but you tried so hard for me.” Jimin brushes Jeongguk hair back. His eyes are wet. “Who would I be if I didn’t help you in this, or push you towards it—even though it’s so uncertain?”“You don’t have to put yourself through this again,” Jeongguk says, his throat scratching. There’s a heavy boulder on his chest. “I’ll face whatever punishment I have to.”“I’d rather take the uncertainty of the ocean than the uncertainty of magic,” Jimin says, leaning in. “They say the Siren is a monster—but you’re here and you seem well cared for. Not a scratch on you. I have to believe that if you met him again, he’d never harm you. Would he?”“No,” Jeongguk says. His heart both races and slows down, calm at understanding Jimin and fast because the thrill of adventure is burning once again. “Not once.”“Then take the chance to find a way,” Jimin says, patting Jeongguk’s thigh. “Don’t give in so easily. That’s not you. Find a way and then come back. This time, come back happy.”Tears slip out and Jimin wipes them away. “What if I don’t this time?”He hears Jimin’s breathing hitch. His hold on Jeongguk’s hand tighten. “Then know I’ll always love you, no matter where you are. And I’ll never blame you, or the sea or—or this person. I promise.”“I hate that word now,” Jeongguk laughs wetly, rubbing his eyes. “We use them too recklessly.”“We do, don’t we?” Jimin quips. The two of them remain in their bubble, away from the crowd and the clamour of the sailors. “But this one I’m certain of. I want you to be happy, and if this is the way—so be it.”Jeongguk wraps an arm around him again. “You give too much of yourself to the world, you know that?”“I do. It’s so I am loved, as I deserve,” Jimin says primly, and Jeongguk chuckles. “I think this one changed you for the good—so hold on to it. Fight for it as you always have. And work on coming back to me. I want to see the beau who won your heart.”“Gods, don’t say it like that.”“Stole your heart, made you settle, kept your cock in your pants for a long time—”“Jimin, shut the fuck up—”“Made our Jeonggukie a holy man, a believer of spirits.”“That’s it—I’m going to outdrink you and leave you to drag your arse to home—” || Over the next few days, Jeongguk builds the resolve and decides.He’s coming back home to his heart, one way or another. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-Six|

   
Life goes on and Jeongguk settles in. A void persists somewhere, an empty space where Taehyung should have existed but doesn’t. Perhaps won’t, but Jeongguk owes it to Jimin and even himself to at least try.He takes his time, however.What felt unbearable eventually is bearable, and with time, Jeongguk makes room for the grief. The pockets half-full with joy and a net full of memories. The wishes and all the ways Jeongguk still dreams of Taehyung, their time together.Sunsong is much the same, but it’s forever changed in Jeongguk’s eyes. Where once he held only love for his town, there’s now a thin layer of irritation somewhere. The town’s obsession with being perfect, of making sure people are always working. Shaming those who differ from the norm too much, and gods forbid anyone dares utter a word about magic.It’s suffocating to live in but Jeongguk bides his time.He keeps the façade up, even months after his return. He’s still the victor, the one who miraculously came back by the grace of the gods (gods, as if Taehyung was any less) and beat the odds. Travellers and merchants come from far away to talk with him, and eventually, Jeongguk makes up tales. He can't exactly tell them about how he fell in love with the Siren, can he?“So it looked like…us? Humanoid?” A traveller asks, and Jeongguk sighs over his tumbler for the millionth time. It’s always the same question. “No tentacles? No—no teeth?”“Regular teeth, yes, like ours,” Jeongguk says, refusing to look at the person. He’d wanted a quiet night in, had thought the mystery and fascination had run out at last. Alas, Jeongguk isn’t meant to be content. “Nothing spectacular. Perhaps a bit too gorgeous.”“To beguile you into its bed perhaps,” the person says. Jeongguk bristles but keeps quiet. He doesn’t want to think about Taehyung and a bed. Anyone on a bed, really. “Was it male or…?”“Seemed like one,” Jeongguk answers. Prays for someone to save him, and maybe the gods are just as real as magic because they do hear his plea. Jimin bustles into the tavern and it’s enough to distract every patron. As Jimin’s known to do. “Excuse me, I have a friend to attend to.”“Oh, of course,” the traveller says bowing, but Jeongguk is out of the stool before the man can rise up. He catches hold of Jimin’s arm and drags him out, ignoring his squawking protests.They stumble out and Jeongguk walks a couple of blocks away into another alleyway, a quieter one with no chance of stumbling into people. Once upon a time, he would go out of his way to be the centre of attention. Change is fascinating.Until they reach an empty alleyway with no chance of people running up to him and asking him to describe his story one more time, Jeongguk doesn’t rest. Once they do, Jimin halts him—and taps his feet. “Well?”“I was losing my mind inside,” Jeongguk offers, leaning against a wall. His head is pounding and his mouth is bitter from the aftertaste of mead. “If I have to explain one more time how frightening the Siren was, I will break the tumblers.”“Touchy tonight,” Jimin says, leaning next to him. He’s far more patient with Jeongguk these days compared to the Before, as he likes to name it. “Someone needs to get laid.”“Don’t start,” Jeongguk snaps, coiling his hand into a fist. He thumps it briefly against the wall. A way to distract the pain. “I’m not fucking anyone.”“Oh, c’mon, Jeongguk,” Jimin says, rolling his eyes. “Your little prince isn’t going to mind if you get some.”“It’s not about that. It’s about principles.”“Says the same person who used to be balls deep into every second person he made eye contact with.”“Yeah, yeah, my glorious past is so entertaining,” Jeongguk mutters. Some days, all he feels is shame. How he wasted his youth, how he used people. Of course, he’s not to blame. Jeongguk had only ever been respectful and never infringed upon anyone’s space, but remembering those days still makes him feel filthy. “I miss him.”It’s been months, the world has tilted on its axis—and Jeongguk is still just as lost. Grounded, but without what he really wants. He’s been careful, made sure Jimin isn’t too conflicted about his association with magic—but it’s nice to talk about Taehyung. Jimin will perhaps never like him—but at least he doesn’t shut Jeongguk out.“How long before the ship is ready?” Jimin asks. He doesn’t ask Jeongguk to elaborate. Jeongguk has told him of Taehyung in bits and pieces, but his face must have said it all. Jimin’s excellent at reading him. “It’s taking you unusually long.”“Since I’m working on it by myself,” Jeongguk answers. Looks up at the skies, the same cluster of stars staring back at him. Somewhere, Taehyung is probably seeing the same stars. “No one knows except for you.”“Kind of reckless of you, don’t you think,” Jimin says nonchalantly. Jeongguk gulps. He still hasn’t told his family or even Yoongi that he’s planning to leave again, to do something about his promise rather than sit and wait around. “They just got you back.”“So did you. You’re sending me out soaring.”“That’s different. I happen to tolerate your little—magical nonsense,” Jimin replies coolly. Jeongguk grimaces and he chuckles. “I know why you’re not telling them. Though I think Yoongi would be fine with it.”“Yoongi’s annoying me,” Jeongguk says, irate. “Both of them. They’re hiding something and they swear they’ve told me the truth but—I don’t believe them.”“Pirates, who would have thought,” Jimin mutters. He takes out a flask from his tunic pockets and takes a swig. Offers it to Jeongguk. “You know, once you know, it does make a lot of sense.”“It does,” Jeongguk says, swishing the drink in his mouth. It numbs his tongue fast. “You’re really okay with me going?”“Don’t start,” Jimin imitates him. Jeongguk slaps him on the shoulder. “Yes, for the millionth time, Jeongguk. Go. I’m fine.”“I worry about you.”“I do as well, but you don’t have a choice,” Jimin insists. His eyes are sad. “My answer won’t change. You need to go and find out. You need to do this for yourself and your melodramatic arse throwing promises here and there.”“It’s just that, once I’m out there—I don’t know anything.”“Welcome to your first lesson about life’s unpredictability,” Jimin says. He reaches for Jeongguk’s hand. “You getting cold feet?”“Something like that.”“I have a herb for it.”“Of course, you do,” Jeongguk smiles. He remembers Taehyung potions and how he had something handy. If Jimin had been a little more accepting, maybe he would have been fascinated by the witch’s knowledge of healing magic. “I’ll miss you.”“Planning to go forever?”“Please. As if I’ll ever forget you,” Jeongguk says, chest warming when he receives Jimin’s beaming smile. “You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.”“Even with your witch in line?”“Even then.”“Good, you know your place,” Jimin says, smiling and Jeongguk’s heart aches. These last few months have been healing in their own way. “You have my blessing.”They cheer to that.Both soon end up on the docks, Jeongguk clutching Jimin’s hand while he avoids looking at the sea. They arrive at the station where Jeongguk’s covered the ship, a modest thing he took on as a project to distract himself. Yoongi doesn’t seem to have seen through the lie. It’s a beautiful thing, majestic in the moonlight, sleek and tan.“It is ready,” Jimin breathes, taking in the vessel. She bobs in the water lonesome. “So why aren’t you leaving?”It’s a question Jeongguk’s asked himself as well. Everything is good to go. Jimin’s even given his blessings, so what is Jeongguk really waiting for?“As I said—I’m scared,” Jeongguk says, leaning against the dock railings. Jimin sighs beside him. “I’ve just got this back. I’m alive and well and—and I get to see you, and my mother and everyone—”“But you’re not happy,” Jimin cuts in, squeezing Jeongguk’s shoulder. “Or content. The whole town’s happy except you.”Jeongguk shrugs. He’d been desperate, the first month of his return. Wanting to go back, dreaming about Taehyung, waking up with sweat-soaked sheets and Taehyung’s name on his lips. His mother asked but he’d brushed her off, and soon taken to sleeping at either Yoongi’s or Jimin’s.“I think you’re worried about how much time would pass the next time you come back,” Jimin says. Jeongguk’s knuckles tighten on the railing. “Or whether you’d come back at all. Of what it would do to them if you disappear again.”“And you say you hate Seers,” Jeongguk comments, but his heart thunders. To be seen so viscerally—only Jimin could manage it. “The first time I left, I didn’t know. I believed I would come back. Then two years passed and I can’t—I don’t want to think of the hell you must have gone through. I don’t want to repeat it again.”“I didn’t know either. That’s why it hurt more,” Jimin says gently. Jeongguk wonders if pain and grief can mellow down even the worst of fears. “But I will know now. I’ll know what to expect, and I can face it. Trust me. Above all, trust yourself.”It’s so hard, though. Once, Jeongguk had left with hope in his heart and a chip on his shoulder. Now, he is only afraid. Hopeful still, but hesitant to reach out for it.“I know where I have to go first,” Jeongguk says after a while. Jimin stiffens beside him. “I’ve been delaying it.”“So you could leave right this moment.”“I could.”“Will you?” Jimin asks, voice strained yet brave. Jeongguk will always be grateful for him and the strong front he’s always put in the face of Jeongguk’s hare-brained schemes. “If it was just me?”“It’s what I…planned,” Jeongguk says after a pause. Jimin hums, and he spreads his hands. “I don’t know how to tell them. Hey, so I’ve decided to go searching for the monster you all hate for no particular reason. Maybe love. I’d be tied down and left to rot.”“Oh, no doubt about that,” Jimin says, crossing his arms. A sudden gust of sea breeze makes its way through. “So go then.”“I can’t just—I can’t leave— there’s so much to prepare—”“All your things are packed already, aren’t they?” Jimin asks, smiling. Jeongguk shuts up. He missed this on the island, this sense of being known. No one will ever have that honour, that access to Jeongguk, not even Taehyung, or Yoongi and Seokjin. To have known him as a baby and a child, to have grown with him and learnt about him with time. “You’re simply stalling.”“You’re annoying.”“I know you the best,” Jimin shrugs, a hand around Jeongguk’s shoulders. “I’ll always know you even if I’m eighty name-days old and can’t see clearly. If you come back, that is.”“Stop joking about that,” Jeongguk whines, but curls into Jimin’s embrace anyway. Both know Jeongguk will leave tonight in the cover of the dark, the town of Sunsong unaware in deep sleep. Jimin will clean up or maybe he’ll act like he didn’t know. “I will come back. I’m going to kick your arse when I do.”“Sure. Don’t you forget me once you get your hands on that witch of yours,” Jimin says, huffing as Jeongguk kneads him in the side. “I was here first.”“As if,” Jeongguk says, rolling his eyes. He begins walking towards the ship, Jimin trailing behind him. “Taehyung can’t make me forget the fact that I’ve shat my pants as a babe.”“Love does strange things to people.”“It still won’t make you forget I shat my pants, arse.”“Just come back to me when I’m still alive and well, alright?” Jimin says, stepping onto the ship and tapping his foot. Jeongguk doesn’t look at him, getting the sails ready. Once, Jimin had seen him off and presented him with the moonstone pendant. Taehyung adored it. Jeongguk still wears it. “Bring that witch with you.”“Only if you promise not to harm him,” Jeongguk says, dusting the covers off, unfurling the sails. “You’d like him. If it wasn’t for the magic.”“More like because he stole your heart and you lost your damn head,” Jimin mutters, but then pulls Jeongguk close and holds him tight. “You’ll be safe. You’ll be happy. That’s all I want.”“I know.”“Promise me that you won’t do anything to stop yourself from that,” Jimin whispers. “None of that self-sacrificial bullshit. We’ve had a lifetime of you. Now it’s time for you to live for yourself.”Neither point out when Jeongguk muffles his cries in Jimin’s shoulders. He smells like orange blossoms and freesias, and Jeongguk will miss him. Neither says a word when Jeongguk turns away, swiftly wiping his eyes and staring out front, Jimin’s receding footsteps in the background. He hadn’t planned this for tonight, but then—he would have never made the first step like this.He starts the sails, gets the ship ready and only turns around when Jimin is far out in the docks, waving in the night. || It is funny how despite all his reservations, Jeongguk adapts remarkably easily to the route, even without the aid of a compass. He remembers the route, the day’s journey to it and how far east he had to travel before he came upon a strange, nearly silent land.In the dead of the night, the sea is calm. Steady, as if the whole world is watching with bated breath. As if magic awaits his next move, watches as Jeongguk challenges the Fates once more, plays with the life he had so graciously gotten back. The first time, he had hope in his heart and a thrill in his belly. Now, his mind only chants one thing: find a way to Taehyung and come back.He smiles to himself, acknowledging for a moment how far he has come in his journey as a sailor. He’s calmer and more mature. Cautiously optimistic, if he dare say.Jeongguk hadn’t been lying when he told Jimin he knew where to begin. It had taken Jeongguk only six months to finally set sail, but that had mostly been fear. Cold feet. It had to be Angye, the only land that seemed magical back then, and now after his experiences—Jeongguk is sure Angye carries the weight of magic in its air. He’d taken six months to study everything from a renewed, more informed lens—why the other countries plagued the island, why it was available to trade only particular herbs. The more Jeongguk studied, the more he could see trails of magic all over it.So Angye it is.It’s been two years, nearly three— and Jeongguk remembers little. Almost as if all the time spent on Taehyung’s island robbed him of anything else from before. But there had been an old lady and her assistant or apprentice and maybe this time, she would help him again. She’d asked him to see beneath after all—and Jeongguk had. He’d seen Taehyung under the garb of the Siren. He’d succeeded.The sea doesn’t thrill him like it used to. Where once he would shout for joy and spend hours around the ocean, all he wishes to do now is bid the moon goodbye and retire for the night. Perhaps prepare for the journey ahead, rest well so he is in a good state tomorrow. He stares at the Sunsong lighthouse until it blinks out of his view, and then he retires for bed.He reaches Angye by the first break of dawn.The sun breaks through the clouds just as Jeongguk wakes up, and when he comes on deck—he can see land ahead.If he finds a way back to Taehyung—he’s going to bring him here. It looks like the island, perhaps a bit denser with its emerald green forests and shanty huts along the docks. As Jeongguk gets closer, memories trickle into his mind. None of the locals react to the presence of a foreign ship, and Jeongguk is grateful. He doesn’t want to interact with anyone or explore the new land.How he has changed, indeed.Jeongguk docks and gets off, stretching. It’s a beautiful day, the kind he thoroughly enjoys and basks in. He attracts the curious gazes—but he recalls how even with the curiosity, the locals hadn’t moved at all. So unlike Sunsong—and it had appealed to him once, back when he’d resented his town for rejecting his dream. But Jeongguk is older now, and with it, wiser. Or so he hopes, as he walks towards the dock master’s cabin. The way is familiar, though it’s a lot emptier than he remembers.He has no papers this time or even the royal crest, the badge for a traveller. It’s reckless and could land him into trouble, but Jeongguk’s survived worse—he’ll make up something, surely. Or he’ll go back to Sunsong and try again. There wasn’t any pride or shame in him anymore. He’d fallen prey to them once but never again. There is so much more to life than one’s ego.He knocks on the cabin door and waits for the dockmaster.There’s a gruff bark on the other side, the heavy thud of footsteps. Jeongguk waits, hoping he has a genial smile on his face when the door opens and he meets the grumpy, sleepy face. “Yes?”“Sire?” Jeongguk asks in the world tongue, his accent off-kilter. “I am Jeon Jeongguk. I am from Sinwang.”The man on the other side is old, hair white as snow, belly bigger than his face. It is one hour past dawn, but Jeongguk doesn’t want to dawdle anymore. “So you seem to be. What are you doing in Angye?”“I have come for aid in my quest.”“Again?” The man asks, and Jeongguk frowns. “You were here last time for that as well.”“You remember me?”The dockmaster stares, and he waddles out of the door. He’s wearing only trousers and a vest, but his gaze is sharp enough to chill Jeongguk to his bones.  “The lad who met with the Great Mother, correct?”“You do remember!” Jeongguk exclaims. What were the odds? Maybe the people of Angye had a fantastic memory. “Yes, that’s me.”“Hmm. Not a long of Sinwang boys coming around here. Hard to forget.”“It would seem so,” Jeongguk says, a bead of thrill in his blood. “Actually, it’s the Great Mother I want an audience with.”“How lovely,” the man says, but nothing about his voice sounds…pleasant. The back of Jeongguk’s neck tingles and for the first time, he is alarmed. “Just saunter in, go around asking for favours. Especially if the boy takes our boys on an expedition and has them killed.”Jeongguk freezes.All of a sudden, the horrifying memory comes unbidden. The one Jeongguk had pushed deep, deep down, unable to bear the guilt and pain it brought. It had been easy on the island, what with his survival on the line and then his budding—something, with Taehyung. But Yarn of the Fates, he’d forgotten about that.It appears now, right when he wants it least. The creature in the ocean before the sirens, tentacles and gaping maw chewing up his crew. The blood misting in the air, the screams that curdled in his belly. The guilt for surviving close on his heels. Jeongguk closes his fist tightly to reel in the building scream. “I—yes. That was me.”“You some nerve coming back, boy.”The dockmaster trembles with barely restrained rage. He’s stout but at the moment, Jeongguk feels small.“I—I didn’t mean to—it was a tragic accident—” Jeongguk says, but backs away as the man steps closer, hands on his hips. “There was a monster. I hadn’t known. I’m sorry. I really am.”He hasn’t thought about those boys in a long, long time. The crew that had gone with him, the monster that had stolen them away, some prey to the sirens. It rises back up and Jeongguk nearly gags but tamps down on it.“What business do you have now?” The master barks. He’s all alone, but Jeongguk hears whatever remaining titter of people quiet down. The curious gazes honing in, the buzz of hostility building. He doesn’t want to be attacked. Doesn’t want to be seen as the man who lured their children to their deaths. “Trade? More boys?”“No,” Jeongguk says softly. Guilt lines his belly, but he can’t right his wrongs. He can only make sure he doesn’t harm anyone else. “I have come to meet the Great Mother once again.”The master stares at him. Then, he turns towards the lingering groups of people. “This is the boy who took Akio and Yuko away from us.”As expected, the people gasp. Jeongguk nearly keels over from the collected force of their hostility, the grief they carry. He remembers those boys, the eagerness with which they wanted to explore the seas as well. Remembers how Yuko had been the first to be snatched away, how Jeongguk had watched helplessly as it happened. He’d run for cover to save his own arse—and the guilt haunts him.The people’s anger haunts him too.Jeongguk stumbles back. “I don’t—I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to, the attack happened out of the blue—”“You shouldn’t have taken them!”“It’s what these Sinwang brats do! Come to our land, steal from us—”“Mock us for our savage ways while they eat our herbs—”“Throw their gold at us and show acts of mercy—”“And steal our boys!” The dockmaster roars, and the people cheer. Jeongguk is trapped in the middle of a circle, the docks now full of people who hadn’t been present. Where had they come from? Since when were the people of Angye so angry?Since you went on a reckless quest and had their boys killed. You deserve this.No, no, Jeongguk pleads inside. He hadn’t known. None of the stories back then had spoken of that monster, and Jeongguk hadn’t dared ask Taehyung about it.“Please,” Jeongguk whispers, holding his hands together, bowing. He feels someone’s shoe at his head but keeps his head down. “Please. I didn’t know. I didn’t want to take them, but they insisted—”“Oh, so it’s their fault?”“No! But it’s not mine either. If I had known the seas were infested with such creatures, I would have held them back. Please, believe me.”“Why should we?” A woman asks shrilly, and the others echo her. “We are an old land. Our people are old. We don’t have young ones, and you took all the good ones away from us.”“I know. I’m sorry,” Jeongguk tries again. Helplessness corrodes in his heart. He doesn’t know how to repent. “I’ll pay with anything. I don’t want your forgiveness—what I have done, even unknowingly, is a crime. But I beg for your understanding. I would never willingly lead someone to their death. Please.”He waits, but when he raises his head—he’s only met with the dock master’s fury. The man spits in his face and flings his cap at him.“You should be paying with your life, you fool,” he says, and then—all hell breaks loose.Shoes are thrown at him. Someone shoves him to the ground and Jeongguk falls, covering his head with his arms as blows rain down upon him. He winces, ribs aching and his thighs, but he takes it. Because he deserves it. He deserves to be hurt for the rest of his life, doesn’t he?By the grace of the gods, it’s decided he doesn’t. “Master Yuri. Hello.”As much as he wishes to, Jeongguk doesn’t turn towards the new voice—but he’s grateful anyway. The people stop with their assault and Jeongguk is left cowering on the ground, licking his wounds while the crowd parts around him—and someone enters the ring.Jeongguk looks up, catches sight of sandaled toes before a hand shows up in his vision, held out for him. He grasps blindly and the man hauls him up. Jeongguk still curls into himself, refusing to meet anyone’s eyes.“What’s going on here?” The man asks but is met with silence. Jeongguk keeps quiet too. He doesn’t want to overstep in any way. “Why were you beating this poor lad?”“Poor lad?” The dockmaster—no, Yuri—exclaims, hands on his hips. “He is the one who took our boys away.”Jeongguk wants to protest but his lips hurt from a cut. The man, however, does not turn on him instantly. Instead, he hums. Jeongguk dares to look up some more.He nearly gasps out loud, for it is the same man who had guided him towards the Great Mother once. Olive green robe, though the hair is now a dusty honey-brown. Earthy, with a pleasant face Jeongguk had once found unreadable and strange. Yet now, it looks like the only friendly face amongst them all.The man looks neutrally towards Yuri, however. “Yuko and Akio?”“And others, yes,” Yuri nods, jaw set and eyes beady with anger. “This land has suffered a great loss, Namjoon.”The name has Jeongguk whipping his head back towards the figure. Namjoon. Where had he heard the name? “We did. The Healing Mother mourned with you. As did the Great Mother.”What was it with these magical folk and mothers? Mother Goddess, Healing Mother, Great Mother—Jeongguk tamps down on the frustration.“It is not enough to bring them back,” Yuri says softly. Grief lingers heavy in his eyes, and for a moment Jeongguk wonders if the man was related to the boys. “The Healing Mother works in mysterious ways. But I was still a father and an uncle.”The guilt nearly hurls itself out of his belly, but Jeongguk covers his mouth. The movement catches Namjoon’s eyes. The pity grows in his eyes. “Your loss has been the greatest, Yuri.”The dockmaster nods. “But?”“But we are not the type of people to hold on to our grudges and get involved in petty clashes.”“Your sons were not taken from you—”“No, but a loss is a loss,” Namjoon cuts in. He raises a hand and spreads it over the air—instantly, the crowd backs off, a vacant look in their eyes. Yuri is the only one unaffected, and he bristles at the display. “They went off their own volition.”Yuri scoffs. He waves away the rest of the people—who return back to their tasks. “Is that what you and the Great Mother tell yourself to sleep at night?”“Amongst other things,” Namjoon replies just as cordially. Jeongguk can only watch in growing shock. “You are hurt. Rightfully so. Your pain may never leave—but the truth is—it was their choice. Blaming it on a foreigner won’t make it go away.”The dockmaster levels Jeongguk with one last glare before walking away, banging the door of his cabin, and then—it’s just Jeongguk and Namjoon, who turns towards him and assess him from head to toe. He picks off the dust from Jeongguk’s collar and waits expectantly.“Thank you for stepping in,” Jeongguk says then. Shame sits on his shoulder, hot breath in his ears. He shakes it off. “I didn’t—I wasn’t expecting that.”“No one does out of the Angyens,” Namjoon says, before tilting his head towards the forest. “Shall we?”“You remember me?”“Yes, of course.” Namjoon begins walking and Jeongguk scrambles behind. None of the locals pay heed, the vacant, distant look still present in their eyes. “The Great Mother has been expecting you.”Out of all the things Jeongguk had thought would happen, this one takes him by surprise. “She has?”“She has been waiting for days. Months, really,” Namjoon says, voice pleasant on the ears. He walks fast, and Jeongguk struggles to keep up with him. “You took your time arriving.”“What do you mean? I’ve only just come back—”“You reached your home six months ago,” Namjoon says, levelling him with an unimpressed glance. Jeongguk’s throat dries up. “A word of advice—don’t lie. It would be more trouble than the truth.”So it seems. They walk, and none of the locals even look at Jeongguk, let alone talk to him or hurl curses at him. “What have you done to them?”“A simple forgetting spell,” Namjoon says, unbothered that he is telling a human about magic. But then, if the Great Mother has been expecting Jeongguk—it means she somehow knows of his trysts with magic, the rather intimate knowledge he has of it now. “It’ll wear off soon. Which is why we must hurry.”Jeongguk frowns. Taehyung’s spells never wore off, not unless he wanted them to. He also doesn’t see any coloured aura around Namjoon, unlike Taehyung’s purple. “Your magic doesn’t have colour.”“That’s because it’s not a spell I have access to,” Namjoon says. He’s a lot more talkative than last time—but where has Jeongguk heard the name? Had the man introduced him before? “My speciality is earth magic.”Taehyung could do that as well. Jeongguk remembers the garden patch, the herbs curling around Taehyung’s fingers. The way he sang to them and talked of them so fondly. But he keeps shut. He doesn’t want to look like a lovesick human fool in front of people with vast reserves of magic.Angye is a quiet land, and as Jeongguk walks, he finds he quite prefers this to the bustle of Sunsong. Where once Jeongguk thrived in the chaos, now he simply wants to bask in silence—preferably with someone he loves.Namjoon cuts through town easily, all the while people turning away on their own, that hazy look in their eyes. Jeongguk keeps quiet, following the—witch? Some kind of magical apprentice?—to wherever the Great Mother is. Like last time, Namjoon leads them to a stable, converses softly in Angyen before two horses are brought to them.Traversing through the forest in broad daylight is different from the night. Jeongguk sees the vibrant green, the abundance of flora all around him. Nothing disturbs these creatures, not even horses trampling nearby. It reminds him of Taehyung’s island, the woods behind his cottage a whole universe of its own. The hours spent frolicking in it, the way he and Taehyung would sit by the lake sometimes. He looks down then, patting the horse’s hide to distract himself from the pang of nostalgia.They reach the cabin by mid-afternoon, the sun burning the back of Jeongguk’s neck.“Leave the horses be,” Namjoon says, walking swiftly towards the cottage. Jeongguk’s belly begins dancing with nerves, because up until then on the sea, it was a distant hope. But now—he’s so close to an answer. A possibility. Of finding Taehyung, but also getting rejected, because magic isn’t benevolent. Taehyung’s curse taught him that much.The door opens on its own, and the heavenly scent of sage overpowers his nose.Tears spring to his eyes.He’s not here. He’s not. Sage belongs to everyone, not just him. He breathes through it and follows, wiping his eyes discreetly.Jeongguk recalls little of his first visit, but he remembers that the Great Mother had been old. Sprightly for her age, a sharpness vivid in her eyes. But who he meets now is nothing like that image. The woman in front of him looks old, back bent and hair white as chalk. Her face sags, and though her eyes are sharp as ever, she doesn’t seem as strong.“What in the name of gods,” Jeongguk exclaims, before slapping a hand over his mouth. Did he really just say that? “I mean—I don’t actually know.”“I look quite old, don’t I?” The Great Mother rasps, mouth wide open in a grin—and several teeth missing. What had happened in two years? “I feel it too. My bones creak with each step.”“Are you alright?” Jeongguk asks, lurching forward when the woman takes a step—and hobbles before steadying. “Where is—is there a chair? Something to sit on?”“Aren’t you a darling,” the woman croons, and something about the way she calls him darling sends shivers down his spine. The good kind, like when Taehyung used to peck him as a reward. Not that he wants to be pecked by this person. “I’m fine, dear. Nothing I can’t handle.”She takes out a stool from under a table and settles on it, hands gripping the walking stick. Jeongguk stands awkwardly nearby, still shocked by the transformation of this woman. She sips at a cup of tea while Namjoon makes another one, her eyes trained on Jeongguk the whole time. He wants to look away—but he meets her, eye to eye. And notes the rings or purple around the vibrant blue.Purple.“So you’re back at last,” she starts. Her hands tremble from holding the cup too long. Jeongguk can only stare at the rings of purple. “I knew you’d come back.”He looks away. “You did?”“Mm. You looked like you had the knack for it,” she says, sipping some more. She tilts her head before she smiles. “Tell me—how is my Taehyung doing?”And then it clicks.The old age. The familiar velvet robes, the ancient thrum of power around her and the rings of purple, how had Jeongguk been so daft—“You’re her,” he breathes, knees shaking from the truth. He can see it now—the laughter lines, the rectangular mouth. The perpetual twinkle in her eyes that Jeongguk had spent so long trying to win until Taehyung had gifted him with the same. “You’re his—his grandmother. Oh, gods.”“Ah, so he told you then,” she says, smiling warmly at him. Even her smile is the same—Jeongguk reels from the familiarity. “Namjoon, some tea for the lad, please.”“Namjoon,” Jeongguk whispers, and the apprentice turns towards him, confused. Jeongguk, however, collapses on the ground itself. He needs stability beneath him. “On gods—you. You’re the friend he made at—at his library.”The air is pregnant with its pause. Jeongguk stares at the ground, but he can sense the two exchanging glances. Maybe Jeongguk wasn’t supposed to know this much.“How do you know that?” Namjoon asks politely, setting the cup in front of Jeongguk. He keeps kneeling down, gentle as a bird.“Taehyung told me,” Jeongguk says, hissing when his tongue meets too hot tea. “He told me—everything.”Well, not about the curse or anything pertaining to it—but he’d poured his heart out to Jeongguk and sobbed in his arms. Made love to him afterwards, and Jeongguk is not about to forget any of it anytime soon.He’ll never forget that he left Taehyung behind and that he has nothing to show for it in front of the people he had spoken so fondly over.The guilt hits him like a wave.“I’m so sorry,” he says, keeping the cup aside and crawling towards the grandmother, kneeling at her feet. Up close, she smells like sage and orange blossoms. Her power threatens to sear his skin off, it feels so potent. “I’m sorry I couldn’t free him. That I couldn’t bring him to you.”Then he sobs.Maybe it’s been a long time coming. Jeongguk has been keeping silent for so long, keeping it all in neatly wrapped that he never got a chance. Who would understand? He had to pretend to be a hero for his town when he felt anything but. He couldn’t speak of magic with Jimin, who had already been so benevolent. And Yoongi and Seokjin would try to placate him, try to get rid of his shame. It was all Jeongguk had felt until he couldn’t bear it anymore, and he’d put it down.It comes rushing back up, and he breaks on the floor, head close to the Great Mother’s feet. Begging for forgiveness, for—for release, perhaps, because he failed in bringing Taehyung back. Failed to find a way out for him. Left like the utter, selfish human filth he is.He feels her bend down—and recoils, afraid of the pain to come. Taehyung had once trapped him in never-ending agony when Jeongguk had first arrived; how would it be to be punished by a person ten times more powerful?But nothing happens. Instead, she holds him by his shoulders and raises him up—and he’s met with kindness so deep, it overwhelms him. Her eyes burn a brighter purple, and Jeongguk chokes out one more sob at how similar they look. How much he misses him.“You did free him, young one,” she says, wiping under Jeongguk’s eyes. Her hands are warm even if they are calloused. “Don’t doubt that. You’ve released him.”“But. How?” Jeongguk asks, holding on to her wrist. Not in a million years would he have been comfortable touching someone so soon. And yet, the warmth she exudes puts him at peace. “He’s not here.”“I felt it in my bones when the stone broke,” she says, patting Jeongguk’s hair. Sorrow lines her eyes. “I have waited for years, nay, centuries for the curse to break.”She lifts Jeongguk with immense strength and helps him to a chair. Namjoon lingers nearby but doesn’t say a word. She pours more tea and only after Jeongguk has stopped hiccupping, she sits back down. All of them do.“When Taehyung had been imprisoned and sentenced for banishment—I didn’t have much time,” she says after a while. Jeongguk listens with rapt attention. “It was the one thing I couldn’t predict. I didn’t have time to study the curse in its entirety.”“You were also kept away since you were his grandmother,” Namjoon quips. The Great Mother nods.“Yes. I am powerful but not enough to go against an entire kingdom. And so, I had to bide my time.”It makes sense. Why else would Taehyung willingly stay for centuries on an island? “But Taehyung seemed to know what to do about the curse. At least, it seemed that way.”“I managed to leave some hints, a scroll or two,” she answers. She frowns. “I hid them well, because if they had been found—I would have been banished as well. I suppose I hid them too well—if it took so much time.”“Humans have been visiting the island for years,” Jeongguk says. No one apart from him had survived—why had Taehyung never attempted to fall for them? “How—how did you stay alive for so long? I know Taehyung’s island has the magic of immortality.”She smiles. When she inhales, her breath rattles in her lungs. “I have lived for so long at a great cost. Dark magic, if you will.”“She had to bargain with the darker aspects in exchange for limitless life,” Namjoon explains when Jeongguk turns towards him. “As you can see, it is taking a toll on her now.”“You didn’t seem so old before, right.”“I asked for limitless life so long as Taehyung’s curse remained,” she says, holding her stick close to her chest. “Since he’s free—of sorts—I no longer need to be immortal. Alive even, really. A bargain is a bargain.”It pierces him even more then, that he couldn’t bring Taehyung and that she might leave the world before he got to see her again—the Fates were cruel. “I—you really loved him.”“No one did in that ghastly land,” she spits out. Jeongguk edges back into his seat. “Such a precious boy—sweet as a winter flower. He had nothing but love to give—and they only ever saw how different he looked.”“He told me as much,” Jeongguk says. His chest throbs from recalling the pain, the desperation in Taehyung’s voice. The need to be loved, to be held. “He told me everything. Including why he was banished.”“The human, yes,” the grandmother says, nodding. “I had warned him—but then, he’s always been stubborn. I can’t blame him for that. I’m much the same.”“What did you do with the bargain but? You wished to wait for him?”“I wanted to free him, yes. He of all people never deserved a curse so horrific,” she says, asking Namjoon to pour more tea. “After I hid the scrolls, I decided to leave Qinyang. They would have never trusted me again anyway. Namjoon decided to leave with me. He’s got a bleeding heart and a half.”“I felt poorly about not befriending him enough,” Namjoon says, twin pools of red on his golden skin. Not as golden as Taehyung’s and yet, not as pale as what Jeongguk imagined the Fae to be. “I thought it was unfair to punish him without understanding him. But the Fae have always been that way. And I no longer wanted to be a part of that.”“And had we stayed, we would have been punished even more.”“The bargain had demanded it as such, Great Mother.”“Wait, what?” Jeongguk asks, not wanting to feel left out. “You didn’t leave on your own?”“We planned to. However, my bargain demanded…tremendous amount of life in exchange for extending my own. I’m sure you understand?”He doesn’t, quite frankly. But he knows how trade works, and in order to gain something, you exchange something else. If Taehyung’s grandmother wanted lifetimes, it meant…“You sacrificed others’ lives,” Jeongguk whispers. Somehow, he doesn’t feel the rage or judgement he would have once. He understands the magical, knows they don’t operate the way humans do. “Eye for an eye.”“Qinyang had lived long enough,” she says, Namjoon nods, and Jeongguk agrees. He’s never heard of the land in history but from what Taehyung said and his own understanding of the Conquests, knows it no longer exists. “It needed to go someday.”“Good the Conquests happened then, huh?”The Great Mother smiles. Namjoon chuckles into his cup.“My boy—who do you think started the Conquests in the first place?”If Jeongguk creates a mess as he splutters out his tea, no one chastises him. “What?”Namjoon clicks his fingers and cleans the mess—the first casual display of magic. The Great Mother leans back in her chair, calm though sadness lingers in her eyes. “Yes. I left Qinyang and provided humans with the tools to bring down the Magikal.”“But…why?” Jeongguk asks. He’d always been taught about how victorious the humans had emerged, how they’d squashed magic out of sight. But to learn that the tools were given by a magic user… “What reason to turn against your own kind?”“I didn’t want to. But it was either giving in and running away, or doing something so my Taehyung could be free. And that could only happen if humans began to take over the world.”“Ah. So that they could travel the seas.”She beams, and Jeongguk preens under her warm gaze. “Back then, humans were at the bottom rung with nothing to their name. Only a few small kingdoms who were too powerless to rise against the Fae, or any Magikal creature for that matter.”Jeongguk can’t imagine how it must have felt like, to whisper against one’s own kind, to betray one’s people so thoroughly. “And only a human could break Taehyung’s curse?”“Yes. Or rather, someone who couldn’t live as long as the Magikal often do. And other Magikal creatures would never willingly go to such islands. They're quite suspicious.”“Only humans would feel curious enough.”“Yes. Isn’t that their biggest flaw?” She asks, levelling Jeongguk with an amused smile. His ears feel hot. “Wasn’t it yours?”It had been. And in some ways, it still is, because even though Jeongguk wants to know how to get back to Taehyung, he can’t help but feel enamoured by this part of history. How waylaid and manipulated they had been. All along, humans had felt so important—when someone else was handling the reigns.“So are you…dying?” Jeongguk asks, timid. A part of him wishes she lives so long as Taehyung gets to meet her. “Now that the bargain has been met.”“My time will come soon, yes,” she says. Next to her, Namjoon coughs—he looks sad. “You never told me how Taehyung is.”“Oh, he’s—he’s good,” Jeongguk says. He bites his tongue. How daft of him. “I mean—he is—thriving? He’s powerful. There’s a lot that’s happened but I think it would be—better if he tells the tale.”The Great Mother tilts her head, gaze sharpening again. Jeongguk feels the entire weight of them in him instantly, and he tries not to fidget too much. “You’ve come back for a purpose then.”Jeongguk gulps. Now is when he asks for the favour and hopes there is a way. “I wish to go back for him. That’s the only way to unchain him from the island itself.”“Hmm. And you don’t know the way? I gave you a compass.”“It broke the first time,” Jeongguk says. She raises her eyebrows but he carries on. “Taehyung told me I can’t find my way back. Because the moment I return, I’ll forget the way.”“Correct. The curse of the island is designed to keep away any notions of rescue,” she says, sipping. Taps her finger against the rim. “Why do you wish to try?”“I love him,” Jeongguk starts, flinching when she tuts. Right, it’s not the grandest reason in the world. “I swore on the Mother Goddess I’ll come back.”As predicted, both Namjoon and the Great Mother freeze in their seats. Jeongguk feels like an idiot yet again for being so hasty with his promises, but he’ll persevere. He has to.“Well,” the Great Mother starts, wetting her lips. “He’s certainly not like the others.”“Brash,” Namjoon nods. Jeongguk curls into his seat. “But perhaps what Taehyung needed all along.”“On the Mother Goddess?” She asks, and Jeongguk nods dumbly. “Well then. We must help the boy find a way back then, don’t we?”“So there is a way?”“Of course, boy. Magic always has a loophole,” she says flippantly, getting up slowly. Jeongguk smiles, can’t help but recall the way Taehyung used to say it all the time as well, and Jeongguk never believed him then. “I know a spell to make you remember.”“You can’t give me another one of those compasses?”“They’re not as common as you think,” she chides, putting away her cup. “Whoever gave that to you knew of magic.”Yoongi had given it to him, and he’d known of magic. If he was a pirate like he said, did he perhaps steal the object on a raid? But how would he know to gift it to Jeongguk?“Alright. What’s the spell?”“Not so fast,” she says, beckoning Jeongguk towards an inner chamber of the cottage. It’s dark inside, a vat with boiling liquid bubbling away in the centre. There are spell books and candles littered around, and the air smells…like magic. Power. Nothing that Jeongguk’s ever smelled before. “It’s a powerful spell. But in order for you to remember—you will have to forget.”He snaps his gaze away from the tub. “What do you mean?”“You know the way of magic?” Jeongguk nods timidly, and she rolls up her sleeves. “When you ask, you give something back. Magic is all about balance.”“Yes. So I was told.”“So if you want to remember, you will have to forget.”“Forget what?”“A person you hold closest to your heart,” she murmurs, taking out a spellbook from a closet. Her wiry frame shakes from the weight of it, but she flips with expert precision. “Someone whose love is equal to the one you wish to remember. Not necessarily romantic, of course.”All at once, it makes sense. Jeongguk’s heart thunders, trashing inside its cage as he faces the choices ahead. Use the spell and forget—someone. He doesn’t know who he gives the title too, and isn’t sure he wants to find out. “There is no other way?”“None, my boy.”If he doesn’t use the spell and returns back home, the promise from the Mother Goddess will always haunt him. Anything could happen to him without warning, and that wasn’t fair to the people who loved him. Was Jeongguk willing to take that chance?“I—I don’t know who to choose,” he stammers, twisting his hands over and over. Is he ready to forget someone for a chance at love? “I don’t know who I hold close.”“The spell will choose it for you,” the Great Mother assures, her page already open and her gaze sympathetic. “You begin saying a list of names once I cast it.”He doesn’t want to, but as she starts, Jeongguk can do nothing but watch. She puts some herbs in the tub while chanting away, and soon the air is filled with a sweet smoke. His eyes water from the pungent odour but he stays. At her cue, Jeongguk stumbles through a few names. Acquaintances, lovers, even Taehyung. Nothing happens.When he can no longer avoid it, he lists the names of his parents. His brother. Yoongi, Seokjin. He halts before he says Jimin’s name.He isn’t surprised when the surface lights up purple, even as a persistent ringing in his ears begins.“No,” he says, stumbling back. His knees shake until he nearly falls, and Namjoon supports him from behind. But Jeongguk can only stare at the liquid and how it remains stubbornly purple. “No, not him. Please. There must be—there must be a mistake.”The Great Mother warmth only increases. Namjoon lets him down on the floor and he picks at his fingernails. Pinches his elbow. He has to be dreaming. Magic couldn’t be so cruel, could it?But Taehyung is still trapped on an island. Has been for centuries with no way out.“I’m sorry, my child,” she murmurs. Jeongguk squeezes his eyes shut. Thinks of how Jimin had warned him not to forget him; who would have known it was to be a reality? “The choice is yours, of course. You can return home safe and sound. Face the consequences of the Mother Goddess whenever it strikes.”Jeongguk knows that. He wipes his eyes. “Or?”“Well, you know what to do,” she says. Namjoon pats his hair gently. “Once you make the choice and I cast the spell—there won’t be any going back.”Pick Taehyung or pick Jimin. He’d warned Jeongguk not to forget about him once he brought Taehyung back—but if the key to bringing him back was forgetting Jimin… Jeongguk doesn’t want to cause Jimin more pain than he already has. Yet, he thinks about living a life which he used to, has returned to in the last six months—and it doesn’t fill him with joy anymore. He’s had twenty years of Jimin, but Taehyung deserves a chance to catch up to the world. To explore it with love rather than see it with fear, to prosper and flourish.At least the spell isn’t asking Jimin to die. Jeongguk can live with that. “Will—will he remember me?”The Great Mother tilts her head. “Do you wish he doesn’t?”“Yes,” Jeongguk says without a pause. Perhaps it’s cowardly, to steal someone else’s memory just to bear his pain—but Jeongguk can’t live in a time where he doesn’t recognise Jimin—and watch as the other suffers. And not even know why. “If I am to forget him, then I wish he forgets me too. It is only fair.”It breaks his heart. But Jimin had been the one to tell Jeongguk not self-sacrifice and to do anything to save his life—and so Jeongguk must take it up to the Fates. The Great Mother pats his cheek softly, a sad smile on its way. Jeongguk looks away straight into the tub. Wishing this isn’t the reality he needs to bear, but knowing he would have to—for the greater good.“That can be arranged,” she murmurs, signalling Namjoon to bring out some materials. “You’ll forget him as you begin your journey. So you have—time.”Jeongguk doesn’t want to—but he can live with that. “Okay. Cast the spell.”It’s unlike anything Jeongguk has seen before.In his eyes, Taehyung had been the most powerful witch. He didn’t have a lot of experience to speak from but watching Taehyung weave his way around magic, chant without blinking an eye and do it as a thoughtless gesture made him realise how Taehyung wasn’t ordinary. But if the Great Mother was an ancestor—she had the same magic as Taehyung’s. And it seems more potent as Jeongguk watches.Where Taehyung’s incantations were a breeze, his grandmother’s is a flowing dance. Purple covers her head to toe as she closes her eyes, and the air has a sharp scent of burning coal mixed with oranges. It nearly makes Jeongguk gag—but he steps back, unable to look away from the display of magic.She holds out a hand towards Namjoon, who drops a stone—she closes a fist around it and keeps murmuring. As she speaks, a headache builds steadily around Jeongguk’s temples and he clutches at it to make it stop.There’s a strange rift he feels then as if the magic has woven its way into his head and is trifling through his memories of Jimin. Jeongguk falls to his knees as he holds his head, feeling like his soul would rip apart—how can he forget the memories of the one person who formed his entire childhood? His life, his values and why he’s so loyal, the first person he loved outside of his family and would do anything for. How can Jeongguk just let it go?“You must let go, Jeongguk,” Namjoon whispers next to him. When he reached Jeongguk, he doesn’t know. His eyes burn and his head hurts. “The spell will rupture if you don’t. Trust that you’ll gain something even as you lose.”“How—how can you just say that,” Jeongguk gasps out, can only helplessly watch as he forgets a childhood memory—it’s gone, a void left in its place. “It’s not easy.”“I know. I’m sorry it had to be this way. But magic isn’t cruel; it is just. Trust the process.”Jeongguk wants to punch him in the mouth. As it is, he kneels forward, forehead to the ground. Begs Jimin for forgiveness, even if Jimin won’t remember him as well. A small mercy.I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I love you, I always will.He closes his eyes and whispers his goodbyes.Jeongguk loses consciousness. When he comes to, the room is spinning. But it is calm.“Are you alright, dear?”He looks to his side, finds the Great Mother sitting nearby. She looks even older somehow, sweat dotting her pale face and her eyes sunken deeper than before. It almost looks like casting the spell took away a part of her life force.Namjoon makes way in his vision, helping her sip water.“I’m—I’m fine,” Jeongguk croaks out. He sits up, bones and limbs aching. His head feels—light. Void. He still remembers Jimin—but it’s hazy, like a fog over his mind. “Are you alright? You look—tired.”“Absolutely wonderful, dear,” she waves off. Her voice sounds cracked. “Casting a spell of that kind does take a toll.”“It was too much for you at this stage,” Namjoon murmurs, but the Great Mother shushes him. Jeongguk frowns. “We don’t know how much time we have.”“One step at a time, Namjoon-ah,” she says, smiling lightly at Jeongguk. It doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “Let’s not overwhelm the boy. He’s suffered a great loss.”“It—it doesn’t feel like one,” Jeongguk says, sitting cross-legged. Outside, the skies are dim. “I still remember his name.”“When you go out at sea and remember the route, the memories will be replaced,” she says. Jeongguk gulps. That’s even more painful, to watch as they went by and there’s nothing he can do. “It won’t hurt so much. The pain will vanish with them.”“Doesn’t make it easier,” Jeongguk mutters. On the upside at least he has a definitive way to get Taehyung back. “Do I just—do I leave now?”“Rest for the night. Resume tomorrow. You’ve had a long day.”He would have protested earlier. But Jeongguk can feel the ache and fatigue in his bones and wants nothing more. He nods dumbly and follows Namjoon to rest for the night.  He wakes up the next morning surprisingly refreshed.The void persists. His heart seems hollower than before, a jaded melancholy lingering in his bones. But he gets up, ready to face the day. With perhaps no choice but to face the day and bask in it.He’s silent as Namjoon gives him breakfast. The Great Mother is sleeping, tired after her casting. Namjoon looks worried, frowning and biting his lips as he keeps looking at her chamber doors. When he looks again, Jeongguk can’t hold it in.“Is she really alright?” Jeongguk asks, scooping in stew. Namjoon whips his head back. “She seems fatigued.”Namjoon presses his lips into a thin line before pouring some more tea into Jeongguk’s cup. “She is—she is old.”“She didn’t seem that way the last time.”“That’s because last time, the bargain was still keeping her—alive,” Namjoon says. Jeongguk inhales sharply. “She didn’t want you to know—but her years are catching up to her. It won’t be long before she departs.”Gods, no, Jeongguk wants Taehyung to meet her before she does. “Do you know how long?”“I’m not sure. I haven’t been around immortal people before,” Namjoon says. He tilts his head before smiling softly. “You’re asking for Taehyung, aren’t you?”Jeongguk blushes. There’s nothing embarrassing and yet, he feels so silly. “He loved her, when he spoke of her. I think—it would be nice if they could meet.”“It would. Perhaps the Mother Goddess will feel benevolent enough.”They both sip at the same time. Jeongguk stays until the sun breaks through the foliage into the room, signalling a brand new day.“I suppose it’s time for me to leave,” Jeongguk starts, getting up and fidgeting. Namjoon rises as well, fiddling in his pockets. “Thank you for your help. And your kind words.”“It was no burden, Jeongguk,” Namjoon says gently. He takes out something—a stone, like purple amethyst. He drops it in Jeongguk’s palm. “This is your totem. Your anchor, if you will. The spell ties it to you.”He stares at it. He thinks once Jimin had given him a pendant like this—but can’t recall which one. “If I lose it, will I forget?”“You won’t lose it. No matter what. Until your goal is achieved.”He nods, pocketing it away. Neither say anything until Namjoon clears his throat and walks around, leading the way. Jeongguk follows wordlessly.They reach the docks by mid-afternoon, Jeongguk’s ship bobbing away. There aren’t any people around, and Jeongguk thanks the gods for the reprieve of scrutiny. As he gets his ship ready, Namjoon lingers by.“Tell him I miss him when you meet,” Namjoon says suddenly. Jeongguk turns towards him. “And that I’m sorry.”Guilt lines Namjoon’s generally calm face. Jeongguk understands why. “He only ever spoke of you with fondness and respect, Namjoon.”“I could have done a lot more. Maybe guided him better.”“You were a friend to him,” Jeongguk insists. He should be leaving. He can spare a moment. “You save your words for him alone. I’ll see you soon.”“Thank you,” Namjoon says, stepping forward and squeezing Jeongguk’s hands. “Thank you for staying with him. For breaking through. And for making this sacrifice. The Mother Goddess will bless you.”Jeongguk nods and squeezes back. He keeps away any choice statements about the Mother Goddess in question. He gets up onto the ship, lowering the plank and unfurling the sails. The ship leaves almost immediately, the waters calm.Namjoon is a small figure in the distance when Jeongguk turns back, and bids goodbye to Angye. || He remembers the route as soon as he reaches the midpoint—and with it, loses his memories.Jeongguk cries even as he steers the ships to a normal speed, keeping track of the nautical borders and any rocks underneath. He’s all alone—and yet, he feels too full to the brim with his agony.He sails anyway.When the ship is safe, he settles down and begins noting anything he can still remember about Jimin. At least his name is safe in his mouth.His childhood. The first time he met Jimin, though he no longer remembers how. How they created ruckus in the Academy, working with Jimin’s first crush and how Jeongguk had teased him mercilessly. There is no rhyme to the notes, just whatever Jeongguk can recall as they scatter, as the magic snatches them up in its jaws. He holds out as long as he can—and when a memory leaves, he recalls a little more of the route.The time Jimin had lost his parents and Jeongguk had harboured him, taken care of him while his younger brother cried frantically. When Jimin had cleared his healer’s trade and opened his own apothecary. All the festivals they would dance at together, and the drinks at the tavern when Jeongguk was finally of age.Tears dot the landscape of the pages as Jeongguk writes furiously.When the coordinates flash in his mind, the memories are harder to hold on to. It’s a task to be at sea like this—distraught and ravaged. He will probably never enjoy the sea again, not with the pain that lingers in her waves. Dousing him time and again, refusing to let him rest.The memories wink out mid-sentence sometimes. They don’t make sense to him, and they won’t when he opens them. He won’t know who Jimin is eventually, and the thought rips through him like a hotrod.  Unlike last time, there were no casualties on his route. The weather didn’t change and that horrid monster with a gaping maw wasn’t present anywhere. It had remained so safe that Jeongguk’s sure the Great Mother had put a safety spell on his ship or on him.How can he curse magic when it’s also used for good?Jeongguk hears the song before he can see the island.He knows how the sirens sing. With their entire bodies, enticing and harmonious full of desires and promises. Recalls how they made him desire Taehyung and it changed everything. But this tune—this is unlike anything the sirens could ever make.It is the voice of the person he loves more than the sea.He smiles upon hearing it, because, unlike last time, it has no malicious intent. It’s full of both love and sorrow and sounds so much like his Taehyung, his witch with a golden heart which is now free and open and full of love—Jeongguk steers the ship faster, inward and careful of the familiar outcropping of rocks. The waters are shallow and a lovely azure blue, and he can’t make the shapes of any sirens nearby. The mist clears ever so slowly—and when they do, he can see the island once more.It is as lovely and green as when Jeongguk had left it. And there, in the distance—he can see Taehyung’s figure near the garden patch, singing away.He doesn’t wait for the ship to anchor itself before Jeongguk jumps overboard, swimming towards the shore before stumbling through the shallow parts.“Taehyung!”The singing stops. He watches as Taehyung turns—and then drop whatever he had been holding. “J-Jeongguk?”“Taehyung, it’s me!” Jeongguk yells like a mad man, avoiding the rocks though some unsuspecting ones leave cuts on his legs. He doesn’t care. “I’m back!”He reaches the shore, coughing out the saltwater and heaving. He barely stands before something crashes into him and then, his arms and nose and heart is full of Taehyung. As he had dreamed of for so, so long. He inhales in the lavender and the sage—his soul cries from it, as he nuzzles his face into Taehyung’s neck. Scents it like he remembers, his hold tight as Taehyung melts into his arms, as heat traps itself under his skin. It is heavenly. It is everything he had needed.Taehyung pulls back, and he’s crying—Jeongguk wipes his eyes reverently, can’t believe the witch is really here. That he’s made it back to him just like he promised. His heart is too full—and Jeongguk leans in, capturing Taehyung’s lips in his own. They both sigh into it before they pull apart.“You’re here. You actually came back,” Taehyung whispers, lips brushing against each other. Jeongguk presses his forehead to Taehyung’s. “Mother Goddess above. You did as you promised.”“I always see my promises through,” Jeongguk says, pecking Taehyung on the lips, then all over his face while Taehyung giggles. Their clothes are wet and sticking to each other—it’s been six months and still, it doesn’t feel that way, not around Taehyung. “I missed you. So much.”“Goddess, I love you,” Taehyung says before he pulls Jeongguk in again, and this time the kiss is hungry as if he wants to devour Jeongguk whole. Jeongguk doesn’t mind. He leans in so far they both fall to the ground, but neither stop as he kisses Taehyung’s jaw and down his neck, as he holds Taehyung’s wrists in his. He stops when neither can’t breathe anymore. “I love you so much.”“Want to get out of here?” Jeongguk asks instead, curling Taehyung’s hair behind his ear. Tracing the shape of his lips, thumbing at it. He feels too hot and too cold at the same time, and the sand doesn’t help. “The ship is ready to sail.”“Yes,” Taehyung breathes out, eyes hazy as Jeongguk nuzzles his neck again. “Give me a few moments—I will gather my things.”He pushes Jeongguk off and glides away—and Jeongguk stares at the bright afternoon sky. Lavender and sage linger in his throat and his lips feel dry, stinging from the force of the kiss. But Jeongguk will have it no other way.Quick as lightning, Taehyung arrives at the shore with a trunk of his own and a satchel. Jeongguk stands up and assesses the baggage. “You had it all ready?”“I had hope,” Taehyung answers, dropping the satchel and pulling Jeongguk by his shirt. His eyes brim with happiness. “If there’s anyone who is adamant enough to defy fate, it is you.”“You tried warning me too.”“And yet you persevered,” Taehyung says, kissing Jeongguk on the cheek. His skin burns. “I won’t ask you how you did it. Right now, just take me with you.”“What about the island? And the sirens and the green ones—”“They’ll live, Jeongguk,” Taehyung says softly, patting his cheek. His eyes are warm as is his tone. “The island will anchor itself at last and become an ordinary land. I am the last holder of magic for it. Without me, it won’t be sentient any more.”Saying that, he picks up the satchel and turns once more towards the island, surveying it with a sigh. Jeongguk stands next to him, all his memories fond and tainted with warmth. The pigs will perhaps perish or run free when the magic flows out. Jeongguk will miss it, this home of his for two years—but what’s more important is he has his home right next to him, wherever he wishes to go.Taehyung takes his hand and turns, straight into the waters. Both stare at the air in front; it is the final test to see if Taehyung’s imprisonment is truly broken—or if it was just a farce.The witch inhales sharply before walking forwards, and this time—there is no barrier in front.“So it was true,” Taehyung says, looking back. Jeongguk gapes. “I hadn’t thought it would actually work.”“You didn’t even know? And you told me anyway?” Jeongguk asks shrilly, and Taehyung giggles. Pulls him in for another kiss, one that Jeongguk can’t resist no matter how annoyed he is. “The things you’ve made me do.”“You’ve always come through. I’m so lucky,” Taehyung says, pressing another kiss on his lips before pecking him all over. He’s much more playful, grinning so wide Jeongguk’s heart vibrates dangerously. “You returned.”Jeongguk leads him to the ship and kisses him once more. “I did. I came home to your heart.” ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Twenty-Seven|

   
Taehyung has never sailed the seas before.Qinyang had been a landlocked kingdom with not a hint of the ocean around. He’d often hear tales in the whispers of his classmates or the townspeople as they went about their day, and wondered. Then he’d been banished to an island with nothing but the seas around.Sailing them steals his breath away.“Is it like you imagined?”He turns slightly and smiles, heart full and eyes unbelieving as Jeongguk grins at him, eyes scrunching in the sunlight. He turns right back, facing the onslaught of blues—in the skies, the water reflecting them. The thin trails of clouds. Jeongguk wraps his arms around Taehyung’s waist and settles in the crook of his neck.“It’s even better,” Taehyung says reverently, afraid of speaking too loudly and fracturing the tranquillity. “It—it feels like I can conquer the world.”“Which you can,” Jeongguk says, pressing kisses into his shoulder. Taehyung melts in his arms. “Sailing the seas tends to give that sense of power.”“Is this why you were so obsessed with sailing?” Taehyung says, smiling. He traces shapes along Jeongguk’s hand, the other on the railing. “I won’t blame you.”“That obsession led me to you, so I won’t complain,” Jeongguk replies, then turns Taehyung around, pressing in. “Gods—I still can’t believe you’re here.”Taehyung smiles. He pulls Jeongguk in for a kiss, one of the many he’s littered on the human since he left his—prison. Home. He’s not sure what to call it, but he’s no longer trapped there, a victim of fate. He’s free and on a ship with Jeongguk, just like the sailor had dreamed.“Believe it, because I’m not going anywhere now,” Taehyung says, tracing over Jeongguk’s face. Creating a memory out of it. “Where are we sailing to, though?”“It’s a surprise,” Jeongguk says, and there it is again, that playful twinkle in his large eyes. He’s been that way for the past couple of days, but Taehyung can’t scrutinise for long before Jeongguk whisks him away and draws out pleasure only in the way he can. “Don’t you worry your magical head about it.”“I hate when you do that,” Taehyung whines, curling into himself and pulling Jeongguk close. It drives his magic insane, and the tell-tale heat builds in his gut. It’s insatiable, and usually Taehyung would have been ashamed—but he’s sick of feeling guilty and ashamed for wanting to be loved. Jeongguk is a phenomenal lover, and their time apart hasn’t changed that. It’s even better to feel all this love when his heart is full and pumping, free from its cursed cage. “I don’t like secrets.”“Now you know how I felt,” Jeongguk says, pecking him all over. Taehyung giggles, taking it all in. He wants and he won’t tire of it anytime soon. “Having to win your heart and fall for you while knowing nothing.”“And yet, you persevered,” Taehyung giggles, yelping when Jeongguk pulls him in too close and kisses him deeper. He doesn’t complain, hungry for more. The heat nearly burns him inside out. “If you’re not going to do something more, stop kissing me.”Jeongguk pulls away. His eyes turn hazy with want, pupils blown wide and dark. It swallows Taehyung whole. “Oh? The good little witch wants something else?”Taehyung blushes, skin heating up. He hates how viscerally he reacts to Jeongguk’s teasing, how his head spins from it. “Mm. Maybe he doesn’t want to be good anymore.”He’s barely said the word out when Jeongguk lifts him and begins walking to their cabin, his eyes on Taehyung the whole time. His blood sings inside, his magic keening with pleasure already. Just the way Jeongguk looks at him is enough to have Taehyung gasping for more.He knows what is to happen when Jeongguk throws him on the bed and shrugs his shirt off. Taehyung giggles as he unties his tunic.  They bask in the late afternoon sun streaming in through the little cabin window, baking themselves alive in the heat.When Jeongguk had left, Taehyung hadn’t been able to do anything for days—such had been his sorrow. His green ones had withered, his sirens cried mournfully for their master. The island lost its lustre as his magic slumbered deep inside, grieving with him.It had been so long since Taehyung could feel like he used to that the sadness had been overwhelming. He’d come out of it ever so slowly, a flower blooming after the cold of winter. It had been so lonely without the constant presence of another being, and resigning to living alone had crushed him.But here he is now, naked as the day he was born while Jeongguk traces shapes all over his stomach, down his inner thighs. Curiously, as if he were drawing him over and over again, allowing him to manifest. Here is Taehyung because he had the fortune of falling for a man who would defy fate or die trying.“Are we going to Sunsong, then?” Taehyung asks. Jeongguk groans into his shoulder but he doesn’t want to pay heed to the sound. He cannot possibly wish to go again, can he? “Tell me already.”“Who knew you couldn’t handle a secret to save your life?” Jeongguk asks, pouting. He nibbles a little at Taehyung’s ear but he pushes him away, frowning. Jeongguk sighs. “Fine. It won’t be Sunsong. Just a country neighbouring it.”“Why?”“There is a person there who helped me find you twice. I wish to pay my respects.”“So why can’t you just tell me?”“I don’t want to.”“You’re insufferable!” Taehyung exclaims, slapping at Jeongguk’s chest while he cackles. “I give you everything—my love, my magic, and my body—”“Oh, that was up for bargain?”“—and you keep silent with that stupid, infuriatingly adorable grin—stop laughing!” Taehyung explodes, but Jeongguk doesn’t stop. Beneath the annoyance is an overwhelming bucket of love for him.“Alright, alright, I’ll stop,” Jeongguk says, wiping tears out of his eyes. He leans over Taehyung and smirks. His body is made by the gods’ hands, he’s sure of it. “How about a kiss for a hint?”Taehyung blinks and then slaps him again, pushing Jeongguk away into the pillows. He doesn’t know why he’s annoyed, or if he even is—but Taehyung doesn’t do well with being kept in the dark. He shares Jeongguk’s curiosity, but he tends to lose his mind far worse than him. “I’m leaving and standing on the deck. You are not allowed to join me.”“Aw, Taehyung, c’mon—”“No. I won’t be made fun of.”“But I’m not. I really would trade a hint for a kiss,” Jeongguk whines, hand behind his head. His face seems so innocent but his body… “Trust me on this? I won’t waylay you. I promise.”Any other time Taehyung would protest, but Jeongguk now has a stellar record of keeping his promises—so Taehyung has no option but to trust him. “Fine. I’ll be more patient.”“Lovely. Now, about that kiss—”“You’re not getting anything, Jeongguk. I’ll smite you if I see you on deck, goodbye.” Taehyung makes to move, but before he can take a step Jeongguk pulls him right back. He goes down with a shriek, a flurry of limbs and sheets until Jeongguk’s leaning over, caging him in. “Or I can smite you here.”“You could. But you won’t.”“Mm. Why is that?”“You love me too much?”Taehyung blinks at him while Jeongguk pouts, boyish and beautiful, and— “Fine. You might be correct.”Jeongguk’s giggles are a sound he will never tire of. Right after he’d vanished from sight, Taehyung had roamed around the island, restless and empty. The island, once loud and colourful, felt dull without his presence—but mostly, his laugh and that constant stream of chatter.“So about that kiss—”“Later. I wish to eat first,” Taehyung cuts in, snapping his fingers. A force of wind shoves Jeongguk away from him and he half-falls onto the floor with a huff. “Meet me upstairs. Dressed, this time.”“I was dressed last time too! You were the one eager to paw my clothes off—”“Dress in a way I don’t want to, then,” Taehyung says, tying his robe loosely around his waist. He enjoys the appreciative, hungry look Jeongguk sends his way, the one that is lustful but not crude enough to feel like spiders are crawling over him. The other prisoners weren’t well-versed in that. “Stew and fish?”“Just like the island.”  In the days past, Taehyung missed the way Jeongguk used to eat his food.He’d taken it for granted, and only when he lost it did he realise how significant it had been. The way Jeongguk relished each morsel, the sinful moans he let around them, the pride in Jeongguk’s eyes adding kindle to Taehyung’s own—he missed being appreciated for what he brought to the table.Getting to see it again is a gift from the Mother Goddess, one he accepts graciously.“You could open a kitchen in Sunsong,” Jeongguk says around a mouthful. His face is so stuffed, he resembles a baby chipmunk. “Seokjin runs one. Your cooking could add to his.”“How is he?” Taehyung asks, his own food cooling in the ocean breeze, simply content with watching Jeongguk eat. “How was it like, seeing them again?”The first few days after Jeongguk took him away, as they watched the island anchor itself and the last of the magic leave—Taehyung hadn’t really asked Jeongguk much. So overwhelmed he’d been by the freedom and Jeongguk by his side, he’d allowed himself to be a little selfish—and enjoy the man as he deserved.It’s easier to feel deserving these days.“He’s wonderful. The same old, though my absence took a toll,” Jeongguk says, swallowing. “Would you believe it, apparently he and Yoongi are—were—pirates.”“What?” It sounds unlikely, but then again—Taehyung isn’t an expert. He has no idea of the world, only glimpses through stolen textbooks and shipwrecked goods. Maybe the odd chatter from the merchants or the pirates coming to loot, but that would never hold to the experience of it. “That must have been—quite a shock.”“I was more surprised they managed to hide in plain sight for so long,” Jeongguk says. He looks lost, wistful. He gets this hazy look in his eyes sometimes, and it’s a difference from when he used to be on the island. “How are pirates?”Taehyung takes his time. When Jeongguk had first come, he’d been a jaded boy with morals too rigid and justice engraved on his head. He’d been mistrustful and rude about magic—which Taehyung had expected from humans, anyway. But he’s grown, in the time with Taehyung. More accepting and less rigid. Kinder, and that kindness had saved Taehyung.His experience with pirates has never been good. Most are battle-hardy, conniving and filthy, though he’d observed the code they follow. All who had come to him were gold-dizzy and greedy, and set their sights upon him.Yoongi, however, seems like an important person to Jeongguk. Taehyung can’t ruin that even though he has no clue who Yoongi as a pirate would have been. If he’d been cruel in the seas, but reformed around Jeongguk.“Pirates are…well, they follow their own code,” Taehyung says. He plays with his food. Would he be able to accept Jeongguk’s human life, or even fit in? “At least the ones who came to the island were…deplorable. But not everyone is the same.”“I suppose,” Jeongguk says. He’s frowning, and Taehyung aches to be rid of that doubt. “It’s strange picturing him as one.”“Then don’t,” Taehyung says softly, reaching across to hold Jeongguk’s hand. They’re using one of the row seats as a makeshift table. “He isn’t one right now, is he? You needn’t worry about the past.”“But still, he is a criminal—”“I killed people too, for whatever reason,” Taehyung says. That guilt won’t leave him, even if he’d justified it. “Am I still a killer?”“You would have killed me if I hadn’t asked your name.”“Probably,” Taehyung says, shrugging. He won’t lie to Jeongguk, not anymore. He’d done enough lying to last him a lifetime—hopefully leaving the island means he will have a regular Fae’s lifespan. “But I didn’t. Maybe he was a pirate for his reasons, but he isn’t anymore. Trust him on that.”Jeongguk bites his lips before nodding. He looks fond when he meets Taehyung’s eyes. “You’re wonderful. Even when you don’t know him, you’re speaking for him.”“I learnt to be kinder from a certain man,” Taehyung says, blushing. The days of him putting people under one label are gone. He wants to grow, to experience before he judges. He’s not angry anymore and not weighed down by his past. He’s free, as he deserves to be. “Tell me about the others.”Jeongguk is more than happy to oblige. He’s animated and Taehyung listens, fondness building in his chest. The sailor is happier and that melancholy haunting his stories doesn’t exist anymore.“You can imagine my shock at having been gone for two years,” Jeongguk says, sipping at the wine. They’d carried the stock from Taehyung’s cellar, but left behind all the gold and what not. Neither wanted to touch other aspects of the blood goods. “Two years!”“Time doesn’t quite exist on the island,” Taehyung says. Guilt lingers on his tongue and in his belly. He curbs it. “It probably will now that magic has left it. I’m so sorry, however.”“Shh,” Jeongguk says, finger on his lips and a twinkle in his eyes. “I got to spend two years with a gorgeous being. I’m not complaining.”Even now, Jeongguk litters compliments like they’re nothing. Taehyung’s cheeks heat.“So Yoongi and Seokjin apparently knew about magic and weren’t surprised,” Taehyung says instead, avoiding Jeongguk’s intense gaze. “And your mother was overjoyed. What about Jimin?”If there’s anyone Taehyung is nervous about meeting, it’s Jimin. The one person to impact and drive Jeongguk so much. Taehyung doesn’t think he could ever live up to him.But Jeongguk frowns in confusion.“Who?”Taehyung blinks. What does Jeongguk mean, who? “Your childhood friend?”Jeongguk frowns some more. Tilts his head, then shakes it. “No, I don’t know anyone named Jimin. Are you sure you didn’t mishear another name?”Oh, Taehyung’s absolutely sure he didn’t. He’s heard of Jimin far too many times to make such a blunder. “You—you told me about him. A healer of some sorts. He didn’t want you to sail the seas.”“As if anyone could stop me from that,” Jeongguk snorts, sipping wine. Taehyung stares at him, checking for any trickery. Had Jeongguk lied on the island, then? But that’s not possible; it was Jeongguk’s nightmares about Jimin that had propelled Taehyung to find a way out for him. “I told you about Yoongi and Seokjin, and my parents. My Academy too, I think. Who is this Jimin?”And then Taehyung sees it. The hazy look in Jeongguk’s eyes, the fog of lingering magic. Subtle, invisible to the naked eye—but Taehyung isn’t the most powerful witch for nothing.“I must have made a mistake. Never mind,” Taehyung says instead, and smiles to assure Jeongguk, who happily hums away, talking about the possible kitchen Taehyung could make in Sunsong.But Taehyung’s doesn’t listen anymore. He has something he needs to test.  Under the cover of the dark, Taehyung casts a spell.They’d had dinner a while back, and even though Taehyung had promised Jeongguk no more lies—to leave behind the ways of trickery is hard. It’s a part of being Fae.He laced the food with a sleep spell. He didn’t have much room on the boat to make potions, and Jeongguk had been chirpier than usual. His touch had been lingering, and any other time—Taehyung would have given in. He craved Jeongguk’s touch like an addict who craves wine. But not tonight.Out of everyone else, Taehyung had heard about Jimin the most. Jeongguk could never shut up about him back in the island, so much so that he’d been a little envious too, a small green bean budding in his belly. To have someone waiting for them back home, to have been loved so thoroughly they formed one part of a person’s value system—Taehyung had never had that. Jeongguk had been lucky to have someone like Jimin.He had made no mistake. But there was magic all over Jeongguk, magic he’d been blind to in the euphoria of their reunion. Now—he watches over Jeongguk’s sleeping form. He mutters the spell, the brief glow of purple layering over Jeongguk. Taehyung closes his eyes.Instantly, he can sense the imprint of magic settled deep inside him. Taehyung’s magic sniffs around it, curious and hissing. It’s not completely a foreign source; the magic feels like home. His magic quirks, unsure of it. Taehyung probes some more until he locates the source—some sort of memory spell. But not the kind Taehyung’s often used himself. This is different, the kind that speaks of…a bargain.What could Jeongguk have bargained for?He wasn’t supposed to return, his magic answers. Right, before Jeongguk had left with promises in his mouth, Taehyung had told him how impossible it would be. Why their love was to be a doomed one. And when Jeongguk really had come back, Taehyung had refused to ask, to bask in the glory of his freedom. But at what cost? How did he remember the route?Taehyung’s snaps his eyes open, staring at the figure with befuddled rage. Jeongguk couldn’t have…could he?“You fool,” Taehyung whispers, leaning in close. Guilt erupts in gentle but steady waves, overflowing his veins. How much will Taehyung take from him before it is enough? “You lovesick, reckless fool.”He isn’t sure yet, not without some sort of conformation, but magic has always been about balance. If one wins, they lose something else. If they cause harm, they are harmed in another way. There is no timeline to the justice of the Mother Goddess, just the acceptance that it can strike anytime.If Jeongguk chose to remember the way back to Taehyung, then he chose to forget someone—perhaps equally as important.Taehyung closes his eyes as the tears leak out, laying back down and turning his back towards Jeongguk. Stupid, reckless boy with a heart of gold—and a love too generous for what Taehyung deserves. || They reach a land Jeongguk calls Angye, and it reminds Taehyung far too much of his island. Denser, colder, and darker, but the island all the same.Quaint. Quiet, gentle waves against its shores as Jeongguk steers the ship into what Taehyung presumes would be the docks. He’s read about them in the human books but has never seen them before.With it, he sees other humans for the very first time.As Jeongguk leads him from the ship onto the plank, then the docks—Taehyung puts his hood up, afraid of attracting attention. Strange, because he’s never had anyone paying attention to him before and he’s not about to start now. And yet.He knows he stands out. His shock of blue hair perhaps, or the way he seems different from them—“Don’t worry. They’re looking at me,” Jeongguk murmurs, pulling Taehyung close by the waist. Taehyung turns to him with raised eyebrows, pointing mutely at his hair. Jeongguk smiles sheepishly. “I know. But it’s because I was here last time, and I, uh, wronged them.”He wants to ask more, but he supposes Jeongguk’s right; the locals aren’t looking at him as much as they send baleful, distrustful glances towards Jeongguk. Taehyung wants to correct that, maybe smite them so they don’t dare look at Jeongguk like that. But Jeongguk takes him away hastily before he can even think of a spell.They walk towards the town centre—and everywhere, Taehyung turns his head around. He hasn’t lived amongst so many people since Qinyang, and that had been centuries ago. The cluster of houses, the people milling about idly chattering. None of them stare at Taehyung or poke fun at him.“Where are we going?” He asks, keeping his hands hidden and pressing close to Jeongguk. There’s something odd about this land, and he can’t place a finger on it. Humans, but not like the ones he’s met or read about. The air is pregnant with something but Taehyung’s magic is blind. “I don’t quite like this.”“You will in a while,” Jeongguk assures, leading him down a path to a house where there are a couple of…horses? At least that’s what Taehyung thinks they’re called. There hadn’t been many of them in Qinyang. “We’ll wait here for a bit.”“Why?”“Waiting for someone.”Jeongguk is purposefully vague, and if Taehyung didn’t know about his stupid sacrifice and what it had cost him to rescue Taehyung, he might have started magic right there. He reels his magic in, inhaling deeply to build patience. Then he waits.And waiting is worth it, in the end when Taehyung meets the ‘someone’ they were waiting for.If Taehyung falls to his knees in shock at seeing Namjoon, no one seems to mind.“Taehyung,” Namjoon says, kneeling down and looking Taehyung in the eye. He’s grown, the full age for a Fae male—healthy, strong, and bright. He exudes earth magic in every step, his eyes ringed dull green. “It is me.”“H-how,” Taehyung stutters, nearly falling had it not been for Namjoon’s strong grip. Namjoon. The one person who had deigned to become Taehyung’s friend in a cold, unwelcome land. “That’s—I saw you then. How—how are you here—?”“Take him to the steps, the ground is not the place to be,” Namjoon tells Jeongguk, who nods, gently guiding Taehyung to the steps. His legs are weak, his knees shaking. “You aren’t dreaming.”“It is impossible,” Taehyung says again. He knows he lived so long because he had been tied to an island that stopped time and made everyone immortal. The world had moved on while Taehyung had remained behind. And yet— “You can’t be immortal. That’s dark magic.”“It is,” Namjoon says. Jeongguk stands to the side, eyes on Taehyung but leaving them be. He has a soft, sad smile on his face. “She tied my life to yours.”“What?” Taehyung asks, sure his eyes are wide as saucers. He knows who Namjoon refers to. “Tied my—that’s strenuous magic.”“But the only one that would keep me alive for so long,” Namjoon says gently, taking Taehyung’s hand in his own. “The island kept you immortal. With my life tied to yours, I would be alive as long as you were.”It’s a flawless plan, really. His grandmother had been a genius. “But. Why?”“So you had at least one familiar face in this world when you were freed,” Namjoon says, and Taehyung shakes some more. He doesn’t deserve this—this much love. What had he done to earn it? “Whenever that was, of course.”“So is it still—?”“Now my life would be a regular lifespan, I suppose,” Namjoon answers, a knowing glint in his eyes. He still hasn’t changed from that boyish, knowledgeable lad in the library. “I die when you do.”“Poetic.”“Indeed.”They stay in silence until the sun is high up enough. Then Namjoon offers to take them to his home. He’s made a life on this strange land, and Taehyung wonders if it’s Namjoon’s presence that gives it that odd feeling. But no. It’s still there, a lingering stench but not as foul.They get three horses, and all the while, Namjoon explains things in bits and pieces. Taehyung can barely listen, and only Jeongguk’s careful squeezes get him through. His grandmother had kept Namjoon alive for him. The last he’d seen her, she’d been sobbing on open ground, wailing as Taehyung had been dragged away to the cells. He’d kept silent about her and Namjoon’s involvement, made sure only he was to blame for Hoseok’s death. To keep Namjoon alive so Taehyung wouldn’t be alone…His chest aches with renewed grief. All along, Taehyung had been loved.They reach a cottage in the middle of the woods, and once again, Taehyung’s taken aback by how similar the country is to his island. The dense woods, the way the cottage is built like his—solid walls but a thatched roof.“My home,” Namjoon says, once they get off the horse. His eyes twinkle and next to him, Jeongguk hides a smile behind his fist. Taehyung frowns. “It’s not like the grandness of Qinyang—”“Thank the Mother,” Taehyung mutters, looking around, facing the path they came from. It’s deserted and much too silent. The air around the cottage throbs with that dense, odd presence. “I want nothing of Qinyang in my life.”“Not even me?”He freezes. When he turns around, his knees shake.“No,” Taehyung gasps out, facing the—tiny, nearly unrecognisable figure at the door. Old like the kind he’s never seen her be. Bent forward, her skin sagging. “No, it can’t be.”His grandmother holds out her arms, that same kind smile on her face—and Taehyung collapses once more. She sighs. “Darling, you’ll hurt your knees.”“It can’t be, it can’t,” Taehyung says, refusing to take her eyes from her. Close, Jeongguk picks him up gently—but he sags against him, unable to hold himself. He turns towards Jeongguk. “It’s her? It’s really her?”“Your grandmother, yes,” Jeongguk whispers, holding him close, scenting him lightly. “This is what I wanted you to see.”“She’s the one who helped you?” Taehyung asks, and when Jeongguk nods mutely, he lets out a keening sound. Agony or joy, he has no idea. “Oh, Goddess above.”“Will you come to me now? Or have you forgotten me for yet another lover?” She asks, hands on her waist. Taehyung doesn’t waste a single moment, walking towards her in a daze. As he nears, his magic awakens, sensing someone of a similar kind nearby. This is what it had come up against when he’d probed Jeongguk, why the magic had felt so familiar. Because Taehyung and his grandmother both share the same deep magic.She smells like sage and orange blossoms. Taehyung had always liked it, though he’d dared not asked to be scented by her. Now, however, he stands in front of her—tall, no longer the slim, runt of a boy seventeen winters old. She’s even shorter now—the old age has made her bones denser, and all of her seems to be heading downwards. His skin sparks when she touches his face, his magic frenzied inside his body. Kin to kin.“My little dove,” she whispers, and Taehyung—breaks. He bows his head, doesn’t want her to see his tears but she’s the only one who wiped them with a loving hand. Even now, she does it as if it’s second nature, as if she’s known Taehyung all along instead of being away for centuries. “My sweet, sweet boy. How I’ve missed you.”She pulls him in and Taehyung lets out his sobs into her shoulder, hoping he never has to let her go.  They go to her chambers while Namjoon and Jeongguk sit outside. She retires to bed, groaning as she gets inside, shivering. Taehyung frowns. He’s never seen her react to natural elements like this.“Are you—are you cold?” He asks, the words strange on his tongue. The Fae never felt hot or cold. “You never used to feel cold.”“That was before my body was succumbing, dove,” she says, covering herself up and sighing at last. It looks like she’s aged even more in just the walk from the front door to the bed. “Listen to me—my time is coming.”He can sense it even before her words are complete. The grief lies somewhere, but Taehyung puts it away. He’s adept at it by now. “What did you do?”“I bargained.”“Why?”“You think I would leave you to such a cursed fate, Taehyung-ah?” She asks, and Taehyung leans closer, taking one of her hands. It’s ice-cold already. “If only you had told me, dove. I would have made it go away. Hidden you.”“I was afraid,” Taehyung says. He doesn’t like remembering his past, though it hit every now and then after he spilled it out to Jeongguk. “I was angry. I made the first mistake magic tells us not to.”“It’s in the past,” she says, squeezing his hands. “I bargained for life until you were free. Which you are.”“How did you do it?”“You did your Dark Magic. I did mine,” she says, winking. Taehyung already knows what she’s referring to. Another forbidden act. “I never wanted to use my magic this way. Ours is a gift from the Mother Goddess.”“Fat lot of good it did us.”“It is not her fault,” she chastises. Taehyung looks away. He believes in the Mother Goddess, but some days—he just wants to curse the deity. “You know magic is a tool—”“Yes, yes, it is the wielder who decides if it’s evil or not,” Taehyung completes. “You promised lives in exchange for immortality.”It’s not even a question. He knows exactly how magic functions, the importance of balance.“Yes. I would live healthily as long as you were imprisoned,” she says. Her eyes, ringed with purple, carry a haunting sadness. “I have taken a lot of lives, Taehyung-ah.”So has he. He wonders if there is a punishment for all the humans he’s killed or if they were justified. If he is yet to pay a price. “So have I.”“Yours were out of protection. The Mother Goddess is benevolent,” she says, patting his cheek. “I never wanted to use deep magic for violence. But I will do anything for you, Taehyung. A hundred times over.”He holds her hand to his cheek, letting his tears fall. The grief lingers, ready to snatch him by the throat. “You sent him to find me?”“I sent everyone,” she whispers. Taehyung looks up. “Only a human could break your curse. I—I tried to send so many, but it took so long—”“All the merchants and pirates—that was you?”“Yes.”He searches deep inside for any anger inside against her. But there is none. “You knew they would die.”“Not at first. But I realised when it became a myth, a legend. I knew you hadn’t found the scrolls yet.”“I didn’t care enough to,” Taehyung admits. Thinks about how Jeongguk’s grief pushed him over the edge, made him care. “I looked only because—because Jeongguk deserved to leave.”“My boy with his heart of gold,” she says, eyes welling up with tears. “I’m sorry the world was so cruel to you that you had to hide it.”“Not your fault,” Taehyung says, wiping his eyes. He’s done blaming everyone else for his choices, even if they were misguided. “You looked out for me all along. I am grateful.”“You are a powerful Fae,” she says fiercely, holding him by his cheeks. Her grip is painful. “Never forget that. Even when I’m gone, remember you’re not alone.”He would have scoffed once. But after all this—this proof, he’s inclined to rethink his beliefs. “How much time do you have left?”“Not long. Perhaps by the new moon.”So, in two or three days. “Anything you’d like to teach me before you do?”He’s trying to be strong. She can see right through him, and she smiles fondly. “I thought you’d never ask.”  It’s a frenzy, the next three days.Taehyung spends every moment he can with her. She gets weaker until she can’t walk. Breathe. Barely keep her eyes open. Her magic flickers and Taehyung cries in response, mourning the loss coming its way. When she passes, he would become a conduit for the remaining magic. And with it, any reserves of knowledge she carries.It’s odd being so distant when Death is sitting around, sipping a cup of tea.Jeongguk is a steady presence, though he’s silent—as if he knows how sacred Taehyung’s moments are, as if he too can sense the oncoming torrent of grief. Perhaps preparing himself for picking up Taehyung’s pieces, and Taehyung is sorry the task falls upon the human once again. But he doesn’t trust anyone else.Namjoon is in sombre state as he cleans the home, prepares for the funeral to come. Outside, people begin to come—apparently the locals, and some other Magikal folk who had run to Angye for refuge.Taehyung comes to learn that the human-magic war had been instigated by his grandmother so that the humans could rise and take over—and thus explore, hopefully reaching his island by accident.Angye had been designed to provide safety to the refugees all over. It was the one land that could bear the onslaught of so much magic and protect itself from other magic hunters. Taehyung can only listen in awe while Namjoon explains how much his grandmother planned.He isn’t there when she finally leaves for the Mother’s Abode. He’s in Jeongguk’s arms while the sailor snores away, and cries silently as he feels himself fill up with her magic. Bites on his robe hard so as to not wake Jeongguk, breathing through the flurry in his veins as Namjoon crashes a cup somewhere. The grief of the Magikal is a powerful, powerful thing.They grieve together in silence as they lay the body out in a meadow close by, the traditional funeral of the Fae. A pyre reaching the skies, her body on a bed of flowers. The people who gather weep silently while Namjoon performs the rites as the apprentice. And now, the next Supreme Witch. Taehyung lights the pyre as her grandson, and he watches as the body melts, as she bursts into fine dust and rises up. The Mother accepts her as worthy.  They stay a few more days, helping Namjoon adjust. Though he specialises in Earth Magic as a Springbourne is meant to do, his years of apprenticeship with his grandmother have enhanced his reservoirs. He may never reach the stage she or Taehyung did—but he’s powerful in his own way. And enough for the people of Angye.Jeongguk leaves them be and complains of a headache so he can rest. Taehyung is grateful for the gift of time he has with Namjoon.“Where will you go after?” Namjoon asks, as they walk through a trail behind the cottage. It is like his island, but less sentient. “If you have plans, that is.”“Perhaps Sunsong, to visit Jeongguk’s family,” Taehyung replies. He plucks a daffodil in his path, blows a wish. “He’s vague. Wants to surprise me.”“You do have a lot to explore,” Namjoon admits, waving a hand and coming up with a wreath of flowers. Taehyung giggles when he presents it to him. “You mustn’t let the grief hold you.”“Of course not,” Taehyung says. It’s easier to say so. Once, he would have been rattled with guilt. “It’s the last thing she would have wanted.”Namjoon doesn’t answer. He’s quiet about his grief too. He did have a stronger demeanour than Taehyung back in the day as well. “I wanted to apologise.”Taehyung frowns. They stop by a boulder, and sit. “For what?”“I was not a better friend,” Namjoon says. He fiddles with the edges of his sleeves. “I had always noticed you. But I could never—I didn’t know how to offer friendship until you came to the library.”“That is—you’re not to blame,” Taehyung says. He might have, once. But he’s changed. He knows better. “I expected no friend. That you helped me at all and talked to me even for a task is something I will always cherish.”“I moved with her so I could repent,” Namjoon says. Sighs. “I’m sorry. You deserved better than what you got.”“Perhaps,” Taehyung says. He won’t deny himself that anymore. “We can become better friends now. You’re here as long as I am.”“Better start looking for another apprentice,” Namjoon says, and Taehyung giggles. They’ll be here a long, long time. He doesn’t want to think about what it means for him and Jeongguk. It seems Namjoon has the same thought. “Will you let me know if you ever choose to follow him to the Underworld?”“Whatever I choose, you will always know so you can prepare,” Taehyung assures. He doesn’t know the future or what it holds for him. For Jeongguk. But Taehyung will remain strong. “Say, would you happen to know something about memory spells?”“You’re asking me?” Namjoon points at himself, and Taehyung smiles. “Is this for Jeongguk?”“He forgot someone important to him,” Taehyung says, fiddling with his robe. “In any other circumstance, it would be impossible to forget this person.”“He did it to remember the route,” Namjoon says, confirming Taehyung’s suspicion. “I’m sorry. I don’t know my way around such a powerful spell. It was a bargain as well.”Of course. Magic always has a way, but to get caught in its vicious traps is to sign a fate worse than death. There has to be a solution—but if Taehyung were to find it, would it be wise to meddle without knowing the consequences?“Is there anything I can do?”“Give it time,” Namjoon says. He closes his hand, and when he opens it, there is a flower blooming in the middle. “Don’t bombard him with it. Maybe he comes across this person naturally and creates a new friendship.”“How hopeful,” Taehyung says, touching the petal. It falls instantly, but a new one grows. He’s always adored Earth Magic the most. “He doesn’t deserve so much pain.”“He has suffered,” Namjoon nods, lips pursed. “But he made a choice. You mustn’t carry the burden of it.”“He could have lived his life. I was free of the curse.”“But not really free,” Namjoon says, patting Taehyung’s knee. “You deserve to live a life too, Taehyung. Jeongguk wanted that for you. There is always a chance he can know this person again.”“But not the way he used to.”“Maybe not. But there is a chance. That’s all we have sometimes.”Taehyung’s not so sure. He’s happy he’s free—but at what cost? Then again, Jeongguk doesn’t remember enough to know the pain. It’s only Taehyung who knows of their bond, knew what Jimin meant to Jeongguk.“Well, magic always has a way,” he says after a while. The sun sets in the west, and Taehyung needs to leave soon. He can’t stay a moment longer in a place still stained with his grandmother’s death. “Perhaps I might come across a solution someday.”They walk towards the cottage, where Namjoon gifts him some of his grandmother’s old spell books, a couple of grimoires, and some charms. Taehyung accepts them all before setting off with Jeongguk on the day-long journey to their ship—and onwards to Sunsong at last. || Sunsong is as formidable as Jeongguk painted it to be.As soon as they cross the boundary lines, Taehyung’s eyes are drawn to the foreboding lighthouse at the edge of the cliff. Tall, broad, and strong, marked with red and a strange flag fluttering at the top, Taehyung is struck by its beauty.And unlike Angye, it is noisy.“Before we go,” Jeongguk whispers in his ears as Taehyung stares ahead at the sheer amount of people on the docks itself, “remember that people here aren’t generous about private space. Everyone knows everyone. They will be interested in you.”“Why?” Taehyung asks, turning sideways—nervousness churns in his guts. Even Qinyang had been dense with population, and all of them had ignored Taehyung. But Sunsong isn’t Qinyang. “Do they—do they know me?”“No. So don’t go around calling yourself the Siren,” Jeongguk says, pecking him once, twice. “You’ll be new. They’ll ask questions.”“What am I supposed to say then?” Taehyung asks, half with curiosity and half with mild panic. He has no story, no background. He knows nothing of the world beyond his island, and Qinyang is long-buried in history. “I don’t know anything, Jeongguk.”“We’ll fix that, I promise,” Jeongguk says, hugging him close and kissing his shoulder in reassurance. Taehyung melts when he noses his neck slightly. “You’re Taehyung. I found you in…Angye, and I’m bringing you here. Whirlwind romance and all.”“So you whisk away all the helpless people, huh?” Taehyung asks, tilting his head. He tries not to think of the people he will meet, the ones Jeongguk’s talked about for so long. “Will they like me?”“It doesn’t matter if they don’t. Because I like you. I want you. I’d choose you over Sunsong any day.”Well, when he says it like that. What is Taehyung supposed to do? “Then let’s meet your loved ones.”  As promised, the people come too close and peer at Taehyung like he’s a strange specimen. Which he is, but Jeongguk’s told him to pretend to be a human. One who does not speak the Sinwang tongue, though Taehyung is well-versed in it from the books. He looks down while Jeongguk talks easily with the locals, who are a lot more conversational than the ones in Angye.“What beautiful skin he has,” one of them says. Taehyung curls into himself. He had never been appreciated for his appearance; it’s strange how humans still fawn over the Fae-like beauty. “Where is he from, Jeongguk-ah?”“Angye,” Jeongguk says, pulling Taehyung close, rubbing soothing circles into his waist. “He doesn’t speak our tongue, I’m afraid. May I take him to the kitchen?”“Ah, yes. Seokjin is waiting to cleave you on his boulder.”“I better get right to it! Good meeting you.”When they turn away, Jeongguk rolls his eyes. Taehyung stifles his giggles, but Jeongguk looks fond. “You are loved in this town.”“I’m a hero for vanquishing the Siren,” Jeongguk says, his face sour. “Sunsong can be a little shallow.”“Is this from the same boy who sang its praises at every turn?”“Yes, I have changed quite a bit.” This time, Taehyung giggles loudly, attracting attention. He keeps quiet. “Okay. We’re going to meet Yoongi and Seokjin.”“Hmm…the cook and the sailor?”“Other way around, but yes. Them.”“They taught you everything you know?” Jeongguk nods, and Taehyung keeps his knowledge about Jimin to himself. “Then I’m lucky to be meeting them. I shall thank them.”They reach a house at the edge of the docks, away from the rest of the town's bustle. Taehyung quite likes it, the serenity attached, the silence around it a relief from the noise. He loves Jeongguk, but he won’t like living in Sunsong. Not like this.Jeongguk knocks on the door and smiles at Taehyung while they wait. The moon bursts out of the clouds. The door opens, and when it does—Several things happen. Namely, Jeongguk is pulled in, there is a clatter of dishes, and— Taehyung’s magic begins trashing inside.There is magic in the house. He can’t point when or where, but as Jeongguk is engulfed in a hug, it’s all Taehyung can focus on.“Who is this?” One of the people asks. Taehyung’s gaze snaps towards the man: tall, broad-shouldered, and exceedingly handsome. He could pass off for a Fae but—no, not him. A regular human with a shock of ink-black hair. He’s wearing an apron with stains all over it.“I’m—I’m Taehyung,” he introduces himself, bowing like how he’s seen Jeongguk greet his people. “I am, um—”“He’s the Siren,” Jeongguk says, and all of them freeze. What is Jeongguk doing? “The one I met at the island.”Behind the broad-shouldered man comes a painful squawk—and Taehyung’s magic hones itself at the sound. There. The source of the oddity is behind the broad-shouldered man.“Oh, lovely to meet you,” the man says, stepping aside to let Taehyung in. His nose is assaulted by a variety of scents, all mouth-watering—and a particular tang of…cold. Ice. “I am Seokjin. I run this kitchen.”“The pleasure is all mine.”“And this here is my consort, Yoongi—” There is another squeak of protest, but it is too late for the man. Jeongguk frowns in confusion and Seokjin tuts. “Yoongi-chi, don’t turtle yourself in where there is a guest—”Seokjin steps aside, and Taehyung understands at last.“You,” he says, as he faces the man—small in stature, thin and pale, so pale. Also someone Taehyung recognises. “You lived after all.”So Yoongi is the man’s name. Taehyung had always wondered in the aftermath. He didn’t like humans, but some had left their mark on him. This Yoongi was one of them.“What do you mean?” Jeongguk asks, looking between the two. Taehyung, however, stares at Yoongi, his magic probing at the man. It’s invisible to the others, but Yoongi stiffens, curling like a cat. “Lived? You know him?”Not quite, but not all humans who came close to Taehyung’s prison died. If not the monstrous appetite of Solar or his sirens, then Taehyung’s mercy from far. But Yoongi hadn’t been any of them. No, he’d been smart.Taehyung now understands how.“He came close to my island once,” Taehyung says. Yoongi meets him eye for eye. “I didn’t see him. But he sent a crew and watched. Left when he realised how hopeless it was. One of the smarter humans if I ever saw one.”Next to him, Seokjin gasps. “Yoongi, is this the time—?”“Yes, before I met you,” Yoongi says softly. Taehyung tilts his head. Pale skin, regular brown eyes. Sharp and intelligent. Ruthless. He believes Jeongguk now about Yoongi being a pirate. “You made it out, huh?”“How kind of you to be waiting for me,” Taehyung says sweetly. He can sense Jeongguk’s growing frustration. The boy hated being kept in the dark. “I understand now how you survived.”“Taehyung, what is going on?” Jeongguk finally snaps. Seokjin bites his lips nervously; he knows. They’re waiting for the ball to drop. Yoongi is openly challenging Taehyung.He answers gladly. “I’ve seen him before.”“Yoongi? Where?”“Outskirts of the island,” Taehyung says. His magic has the answer. It retreats. “He sent a crew to the island. Of course, they never made it out.”“I was simply curious,” Yoongi says calmly. Seokjin trails behind him, waiting and squeezing his shoulder. “Everyone knew the Siren. Especially amongst the pirates.”“And yet, you were smart enough to never seek me out,” Taehyung says, smiling when Yoongi bristles. “Almost as if you recognised your own.”There is silence after, with Yoongi flexing his fist at his side and Seokjin turning pale. Jeongguk is looking between all three with his jaw open.“Okay,” he says after a beat, inhaling deeply. “What the fuck?”Taehyung turns towards Yoongi. He could say it, but he won’t. Even he knows how precious this…secret seems to be, and tilts his head so. He refuses to have any secrets from Jeongguk again.Yoongi understands and lets out a breath. His frame seems to be shaking, but he turns to Jeongguk with a thin, wane smile. “So. I am half-Fae.”His magic had recognised it as such. The element of water even, edging towards ice. Perhaps a Winterbourne, though Taehyung isn’t sure yet if Yoongi is from Qinyang.Jeongguk falls back into the chair. “What?”“You asked me earlier how and why I know so much about magic,” Yoongi pushes without a break, determined to get it out. “Well, here it is. I am a half-Fae. My father was Fae, and my mother a human.”“Wait, wait, wait,” Jeongguk says, holding his head in his hands. Taehyung aches to reach him, maybe hold him—but he knows Jeongguk wouldn’t want to be touched right now. “You’re telling me you’ve been—you’ve been a Magikal creature all this while—?”“Yes. I don’t possess any magic, but yes.”Seokjin edges near Jeongguk, hovering. “We didn’t tell you, Jeongguk, because—”“Because Sunsong is anti-magic,” Jeongguk says in a trance. “What do you mean, no magic?”“He’s a hybrid,” Taehyung explains, ignoring Yoongi’s baleful look. “It’s a hit and miss with them, though they will never be fully magical. Maybe a few imprints of whatever magic their Fae parent had.”“So you can’t—?”“Not really, no,” Yoongi answers, crossing his arms. He side-eyes Taehyung and rubs his hands. “I never met him, but according to my mother, my father supposedly had a way with water.”“A Winterbourne,” Taehyung nods. He understands now why he recognised the magic so quickly. Even if Taehyung had deep magic, he was still a Winterbourne. He would recognise kin. “Seems more ice-like.”“So my mother said,” Yoongi offers grudgingly. He turns to Jeongguk, who still looks like his world is spinning. “I haven’t told anyone except Seokjin. I had no intention of misleading you.”“All those times you used to feel cold,” Jeongguk mutters, and Yoongi freezes. “All those times I looked at you wrong and you’d—it would feel like you were freezing me, I—I used to think it was just the way you are but—”“Hey, I swear, I don’t have any magic,” Yoongi says, tone soft but pleading. He kneels down in front of Jeongguk. “I really don’t. I’m going to age like a normal human and die like one. At best, I can lie well and navigate the seas.”“Reason why he became a pirate,” Seokjin jokes, and Yoongi keeps a smile in. They both become serious just as fast. “Jeongguk, darling—we—I promise. We didn’t lie to you. We never wanted you to find out because, well, we didn’t want anyone to. This was just something both Yoongi and I had moved past.”“You did lie,” Jeongguk says softly, looking up. His eyelashes are fringed together with tears, and Taehyung doesn’t know what to do, especially with people around. Maybe alone he would have comforted Jeongguk well. “You told me you had no idea about the Siren. When you did.”Yoongi and Seokjin exchange a look before Yoongi clears his throat. “You’re right. I lied about that. I have no excuse for why.”“You knew the Siren was dangerous and you sent me anyway,” Jeongguk says, a little louder. “Why, Yoongi? I know Taehyung turned out to be fucking amazing, but why send me on a death quest?”“I warned you—”“Oh, big fucking deal!” Jeongguk explodes. Taehyung keeps to the side. He won’t be hurt by this—he knows he carved a reputation of evil, and he is bearing the consequences for it. What happened later with Jeongguk was luck. “A simple, ‘hey, I’ve been to the Siren’s island before and it’s dangerous’ could have gotten through my head a lot faster!”“Jeongguk, I can’t—I’m sorry, I can’t tell you how sorry I am—”“I don’t care! Just tell me why!” Jeongguk says, sniffling. The betrayal in his voice… “I thought you two cared about me.”“We do. There’s no doubt about it.”“Then why the fuck—”“We were charged to send willing humans to the Siren, alright?” Yoongi says, and Seokjin shuts his mouth fast, eyes wide. Taehyung is sure his own are wide as saucers. Yoongi closes his eyes, like he wasn’t met to say anything. When he opens them, they’re lined with red. “It wasn’t a mandate but well. It was a rumour that had always been present. Send humans to the Siren. We must free him. That kind of thing.”Free him…oh, Goddess above. This has his grandmother all over it. “You mean…”“I don’t know who started it, but there were these—these groups who would often come and send reminders. That the Siren needs to be freed. That it had been wrongfully accused and needed humans.“I wasn’t there when they started, so by the time I was taken in by one such group, the stories had changed. Humans didn’t care about wrongful accusations. And the fact that no one came back terrified them. So they changed tracks and made it about winning gold. Defeating the evil monster.”“Mother Goddess above,” Taehyung breathes, sitting down in the chair next to Jeongguk—who is staring in shock. What had his grandmother created? “Anything to send humans, huh?”“Yes. When I became a pirate, I got curious about whether it was even true. So I led an expedition—best-case scenario, I get to loot an island full of gold. Worst—I die at the hands of this Siren. I never really believed it until I got close.”“Because you felt the pull,” Taehyung says, and Yoongi nods. The call of magic was strong, even between hybrids and purebloods. “You sent a crew anyway.”“The downside of the human side. Curiosity is a bitch,” Yoongi says, shrugging. He turns worried eyes over to Jeongguk. “I saw the crew vanish before my eyes. I was at a safe distance away; I had waylaid them away from the other monster. I could sense it from miles ahead.”“So despite knowing that the myth is real, you sent Jeongguk ahead anyway?”“I’m sorry, have you spent enough time with Jeongguk?” Seokjin cuts in, his tone cold and steely. Jeongguk’s cheeks are twin spots of red. “If he doesn’t get his way, he’ll stay adamant until he does. So don’t go around blaming us, Jeongguk. You know you would have gone anyway. Because your curiosity is definitely a bitch.”“Let’s not blame each other,” Yoongi says, getting in between. “I could have tried harder. Maybe told the truth, but we will never know. All I can say is—I am sorry for not warning you enough or telling you the truth, Jeongguk.”“No, it’s…fine. Seokjin is right,” Jeongguk says, shaking his head. “I…probably wouldn’t have listened anyway. It’s no one’s fault.”“Right,” Seokjin says. He pats Jeongguk, then Yoongi. “Up for some delicious dinner? I made roast chicken.”Everyone’s stomach growls on cue, and they laugh.  “I’m still hung up on this one thing though,” Jeongguk says, later on, mouth full of food. It is equal parts endearing and disturbing, especially when Jeongguk eats as a man starved. “You said it wasn’t mandated. But you did it anyway?”“Obviously those groups were Magikal,” Yoongi answers, playing with his vegetables. Taehyung is entirely focused on his food. Seokjin’s cooking is incredible. He can see why Jeongguk praised his food so much. “They bound us to it. Like some sort of pact. If I came across willing humans, I had to send them or encourage them to go. I tried with you, but if I went against it—”“It would rebound and cause you harm,” Taehyung says, and Yoongi nods, miserable. Seokjin squeezes his arms occasionally. “I know pacts like those. Incredibly powerful, if simple.”“I was young when I went,” Yoongi says sullenly. “They promised us food. My mother and I had a bad winter month. I didn’t care. I just didn’t want her to go hungry.”“Oh, Yoongi-chi,” Seokjin coos. He must have heard this tale and yet, his eyes are empathetic as ever. “You aren’t to blame for something you did as a child. It got you and your mother through tough times. Jeongguk understands.”“I do,” Jeongguk says, the anger of earlier vanished into thin air. “I was angry but honestly…I think it was just the whole secrecy aspect of it. And I know the ways of magic by now.” His lip curls at that and Taehyung snorts into his glass. “I don’t mind, Yoongi. Not anymore. But please—no more secrets?”“I’ll do my best.”“That’s not a yes.”“I would be stupid if I did.”“That’s a Fae if I saw one,” Taehyung mutters, and there’s a brief pause in the air before all of them burst out laughing. Seokjin claps Taehyung on the back, and Yoongi offers a grudging smile. Jeongguk beams. “We’re never quick to promise.”“Believe me, I have had a lot of practice,” Seokjin says, rolling his eyes and picking up the empty dishes. “Jeongguk, I would suggest building a reservoir of patience if you’re planning to build a life with Taehyung.”Jeongguk turns towards him with narrowed eyes. “Will you lie to me?”“Occasionally.”“If I coax the truth out of you?”“You’d have to be very good,” Taehyung says, winking, not missing the way Jeongguk’s gaze turns heated ever so slowly. Taehyung looks away. “Your food was as excellent as Jeongguk praised it to be, Seokjin. Teach me the recipe?”  That night, Jeongguk coaxes the truth out of Taehyung well, their sounds lost in the waves of the sea. || They explore Sunsong. They go back to the boat. They fuck leisurely, then explore again. Sunsong is a wonderful town, sunny and beautiful, the scent of brine and saltwater constant. And as promised, the people are constantly taken aback by Taehyung’s beauty.He doesn’t mind the praise, even if he does mind the way the townspeople cling to Jeongguk or hover around him. But Taehyung won’t be that person again. He won’t be jealous or envious or possessive. He’s glad Jeongguk has so many people who love him. Jeongguk is devoted to him and shows it well, and Taehyung is content.Eventually, they meet his parents—who are warm and welcoming. Taehyung can tell why Jeongguk was so loving, so open to love—his mother is a gem, all smiles, and warm, gentle hands. His father is playful, and they approve of Taehyung instantly. They speak their tongue slowly, and his mother even teaches him to prepare fish the Sunsong way.It’s like finding a home after years spent searching.Taehyung is happy—he gets used to people, gets used to people who don’t mock him or seek to make his life a living hell. People who mind their business and don’t go looking out for trouble, or bully others into insubordination.He is happy—but he’s on the lookout for one particular person, and he hasn’t seen a trace of him yet.It’s been a couple of days, but Taehyung hasn’t heard of Jimin. He didn’t push Jeongguk after the first time and has no idea about how he looks. He did come across a diary full of notes—and reading each entry after Jeongguk was asleep felt like a stab to his freshly unwound heart. It is a smattering of notes—and Taehyung uses it as a guide to finding Park Jimin.“Would it be alright if I walked through town on my own?” Taehyung asks right after a rough round, still coming down from the way Jeongguk took and took. Jeongguk is almost always compliant in such a state. “I just want to experience it by myself.”“Of course,” Jeongguk says, chest heaving. He’s gorgeous, a thin sheen of sweat all over, moonstone pendant stuck to the centre. “Remember—no display of magic. Not even a casual one.”“I know, I know, you’ve told me a hundred times,” Taehyung says, allowing some magic to dress himself up. He needs a release soon—all that magic being pent up isn’t good. Jeongguk’s promised him a more discreet area where he can let loose, but he needs to be patient. “I’ll be back before the sun sets.”“Alright. I love you.”“I love you more,” Taehyung says, leaning over and pecking him, then pressing kisses all over—but slapping away Jeongguk’s hand snaking around his waist. “Prepare dinner. I don’t want to cook.”“As my witch demands.”Taehyung smiles and leaves the cabin, climbing towards the deck. It’s peak afternoon, the sun threatening to sear his skin off—if it weren’t for his immunity to the heat or the cold. He whistles a nursery tune as he gets off the ship, waving goodbye to the locals gathered around the dock.He gets to the town square where the daily market is set up and asks the directions towards Jimin’s home. The locals are helpful, and Taehyung pretends his language is as broken as a newcomer’s should be. He’s still not used to the compliments, the open appraisal.Jimin’s home is like Jeongguk’s—well-maintained, hewn from rock and sweet. Taehyung knows from Jeongguk’s diary that his parents are no more, swallowed by the sea in a dreadful storm. The house carries the mark of someone who has gone out of their way to remove the stain of such a tragedy—careful hands, the mark of someone pretending to be older than they were but edged with the rough hand of a child.A path by the side leads it to another part behind the house, and Taehyung walks, enticed by the familiar scent of herbs. Sage, rosemary, thyme. And lavender, always his favourite. There is a healer’s hut behind, smoke rising out of the chimney embossed in the thatched roof.“Hello?” Taehyung says out loud, his voice cracking a little—he clears it, and waits. Sends a brief wave of magic to seek out any presence, and there is one right inside. “Anyone there?”“Be right out!” A chirpy voice sounds, a clatter of dishes inside. Then, a man comes out, hair covered in a headdress and a long robe trailing behind. His cheeks are rounded, so flushed they resemble apples in the distance. In the sun, his eyes vanish as they squint. “Yes? Who would you be?”“Hello,” Taehyung says, making sure he looks as approachable as possible. His eyes rove over the person—Jimin, so different from the way Jeongguk described him, yet just as familiar. “I—I wanted to inquire about some potions.”“I make them, yes,” Jimin says genially, a polite smile on his cherubic face. He’s pretty, rounded, and small. “Anything specific you would like, uh…?”“Taehyung.”“Taehyung, welcome. Anything specific?”“Maybe something simple? Vitality, strength, and some mixtures for wounds.”“I have them all inside if you’d like to see,” Jimin says, stepping sideways. Taehyung offers a smile, walking ahead. Truth be told, he doesn’t know what he’s doing or what he aims for from this conversation. If he knows anything about Jeongguk, the sailor must have told Jimin about Taehyung. His lack of a reaction means…Jimin may not remember Jeongguk as well. “Are you new?”“Yes, I came a while back,” Taehyung says, settling down on a chair, looking around. It’s similar to the workstation inside his cottage but bigger and brighter. Sprigs of herbs hang from the ceiling and the sun filters in through the billowing blinds. In the corner are some vats of liquid bubbling away, and a large mortar pestle stained with red and green. “You might know him. Jeon Jeongguk?”It’s a shot in the dark. Even as he sends his magic out probing towards Jimin, he can sense the same imprint that hovers over Jeongguk. Whatever spell his grandmother had done, it had transgressed all known boundaries to man. But Taehyung hopes anyway. It doesn’t sit right, that Jeongguk had to lose so much just to be with him. He lost two years of his life, he lost a sense of purpose. And yes, Taehyung loves him for the sacrifice, and that someone cared for him so. But the cost of magic can’t be so high, can it?Predictably, Jimin frowns in confusion. “No, I don’t know anyone of that name.”Taehyung knows but hearing it breaks his heart all the same. Especially with what he knows of them for that blasted diary Jeongguk kept.“He is a sailor. I met him on an expedition.”“That’s nice of him to bring you,” Jimin says, preparing a kettle for tea and adding some herbs. “You don’t mind lavender, do you?”“No, it’s my favourite. Thank you.”Jimin hums, going about it in a methodological way. Practice, the sway of experience. Taehyung observes all of it, drinks him in and this person Jeongguk had adored. Adores still, even if he doesn’t know it. The reason Taehyung decided to help Jeongguk back then.Jeongguk may have forgotten, and so has Jimin. But Taehyung will remember for the both of them until he figures out the spell.“So what brings you the healer’s hut, Taehyung?” Jimin asks, sitting in front of him. Up close, he smells of orange blossoms. “Did anything happen?”“Oh, nothing tragic. But Jeongguk has a tendency to get hurt, and I thought I’d look into some alternatives.”“You need them for these sailors. An unruly lot,” Jimin says, snorting. “I apologise. I’m not too fond of the sea or its travellers.”Because you lost your parents to them. I remember. “I understand. The sea isn’t kind.”Jimin raises an eyebrow. Perhaps he hadn’t been expecting sympathy. Taehyung wonders how often people might have brushed off Jimin’s fears. Jeongguk used to tell him how Jimin had learnt to be quiet about it eventually.“It isn’t,” Jimin agrees, though he doesn’t say why. Taehyung is a customer, after all. “Are you sure you’re new? You speak our tongue well.”He should have used the common tongue. Too late. “Ah, yes. I actually used to…host travellers. A pit-stop in their journeys. I learnt to speak their tongues, I suppose.”“It is a handy skill,” Jimin says amiably, and there it is again, that polite, soft smile. Jeongguk once said how Jimin’s smile could charm even the sourest of people. “So the potions—want to describe how you want them?”  Taehyung stays with Jimin, watches him brew the potions (after some protests of not sharing healer’s crafts—that is, until Taehyung expressed interest in being a healer himself). In that time, he learns about the man without the shadow of Jeongguk’s loss lingering over him. He learns about Jimin as he would a friend, and it’s strange because Taehyung’s never had any except Namjoon.It’s nice to converse with someone and not be hated for it or be obsessed with them. The fear and resentment no longer burrow their way through, and Taehyung can finally see the truth of humans without the shroud of cruelty in front of his eyes.Jimin is as charming, funny, and effortless as Jeongguk described him. Professional and a little closed off, but maybe Taehyung does something right because soon, Jimin warms up to him. Taehyung plies him with fantasies of his life at the island, forgoing the maiming and cruelty of his anger—he regrets it, but he’s no longer trapped by that fate. No human shall ever come close to him and harm him again. Taehyung doesn’t have to defend himself anymore. His magic purrs in his veins even as it probes at the block in Jimin’s mind.It will take its time. Perhaps years, or it may never happen. But Taehyung has a long life ahead, and he has someone to love, someone he will do anything for. Magic is just, but no one deserves this cruelty. Least of all Jimin and Jeongguk.“So you met Jeongguk while hosting him?” Jimin asks while skilfully adding herbs into the small vat. Taehyung has to admit, Jimin is better than him at brewing potions. Taehyung never quite liked the manual labour. “Sounds like you were doing more than hosting.”“It wasn’t like that,” Taehyung whines. It’s so easy to fall into that. He had worried, when Jeongguk had rescued him, about whether he’d fit in a world he hadn’t ever seen growing, so very different from the one he had grown up in. He quite likes the improvement. “Jeongguk was sweet. He would have left, but his ship broke down and needed repairs. I suppose in that time, we got to know each other. Or rather, he wouldn’t stop pestering me till he got to know me.”His Fae ancestors would at least be proud of the way he spins the tale. But it’s nice, the normalcy. He imagines if it had actually happened that way instead of the sorrow and pain, the stain of magic and time lost nowhere to be found. He thinks about Jeongguk’s fantasy—finding Taehyung in a tavern, pursuing him, and courting him until they had no choice but to find out. It warms his heart.“It sounds like someone I would know,” Jimin says, and Taehyung snaps back to the present. “I don’t know. Half the people here are quite persistent. But some can be more.”“Really?”“Mm. I don’t know, but your Jeongguk reminds me—of someone.”Taehyung’s heart starts racing. No, he wouldn’t hope so soon. But people’s bodies remember, even if their mind doesn’t. “Who?”“I don’t know. It feels like almost anyone in Sunsong, but curiosity isn’t encouraged here. I might be getting it confused with some customer,” Jimin says, shrugging. Taehyung sends out another wave of magic and sees the spell resist against his magic. It’s brighter than before as if its walls had been challenged. “Don’t mind me. My mind is getting older these days.”“However do you mean?”“Ah, nothing. Perhaps all the studying I’m doing for the healer’s exam for the main city. But some days I feel like there are empty spots in my mind. Ever had something like that?”Of course, because magic isn’t always spotless or seamless. It is powerful, and his grandmother’s spell is fortified. But one can’t steal nearly twenty years of memories from someone so flawlessly. Jimin and Jeongguk are embedded in each other.“Frequently. Like there’s something on the tip of my tongue but I don’t know what.”“Exactly!” Jimin exclaims, his eyes bright and cheeks red. Taehyung is already so fond. “Looks like we might be good friends if you stay long enough, Taehyung.”“I think so too. I have a lot to learn from you,” Taehyung says, smiling. This time, he isn’t lying. He doesn’t think he could stay in a place so long without practicing magic, but he will come back frequently. If not for his friend Jimin. “Maybe you’d warm up to Jeongguk, even if he is a sailor.”“Well, if he charmed you, I don’t see why not,” Jimin says cheekily, tongue poking out as he concentrates while pouring the potion into a beaker. “As long as he doesn’t brag about the sea.”“He’s not like that,” Taehyung assures. He used to be, but he’s changed. Grown or matured in the wake of loss. “At least, not anymore.”“I suppose I’ll have to trust you.”“I would suggest you do.”A beat of silence—and they both laugh in the wake of a new bond. || If there’s something Taehyung will never get used to and doesn’t want to ever, it would be the way Jeongguk sounds as he fucks him slowly but deeply.He doesn’t like thinking so crudely about their…night-time trysts. Well, not always night-time, since they’re both insatiable in a way Taehyung never imagined himself to be. Qinyang used to be so prim and proper about this, and Taehyung had loosened over the years, what with how he had to lure men and women to bed before he left them for dead. He still doesn’t like to be crude, however, no matter how much Jeongguk teases him for it.But there is no other way to describe it when Jeongguk is buried to the hilt inside and is relentless with him in a way that Taehyung simply melts. Sheets trapped, hair sticking and the high of his magic coupled with how terrifyingly fast his heart is. How he feels every inch of it, and the emotion tips him over the edge.More than the sex, it’s the knowledge that Taehyung can now feel all of it over and over and over again, and nothing would ever curse him to stop.“I love the way you sound,” Jeongguk breathes harshly in his ears, licking it all the way from his chin to his hair. It’s disgusting, but Taehyung revels in it like an animal. “I love how you lose yourself.”“How can you talk so much—oh—” Taehyung sobs as Jeongguk thrusts deep. His thighs have been cramping for hours, but he can’t stop. This is a whole other form of magic. “Goddess, do that again. Whatever that was.”“Fucking you deep?”“Stop saying that!” Taehyung whines, slapping his back weakly before sucking into his shoulder, tasting the salt and the sweat. The lingering pinewood. “Be a little less crude.”“Apologies—making love to you deep?”“I hate you,” Taehyung snaps but pulls him in. The bed creaks below, and he is so close. “After you’re done, I’m not sleeping with you again.”“Oh, so you’ll use my body and then give it up?”“Yes. Now stop blabbering, I want to come.”Jeongguk groans at that, and Taehyung sighs happily.  Later, as Jeongguk cleans him up—softly, gently, the hands of an artist on canvas— he asks something that sobers the mood completely.“Are you alright enough to have a conversation?” Jeongguk asks carefully, folding the washcloth and chucking it to the side. He’s still naked as the sun, but Taehyung is too satiated to feel anything roar. Maybe in a while. But no, he has to punish Jeongguk. “I wanted to ask you something.”“Of course,” Taehyung says. He holds a hand out, and Jeongguk hands him his robe. It’s thinner linen, none of the velvet he prefers. Jeongguk had said the people of Sunsong would definitely question his attire, as unsuitable as it had been for searing, humid summer. “Is everything alright? You seem troubled.”It’s been a couple of days since Taehyung and Jeongguk arrived at Sunsong and learned to blend in. It’s been difficult, especially with the lack of magic and how little he gets to release. Jeongguk’s permitted him to do little tricks on the ship where they still reside, both refusing offers to stay in anyone’s residence. Taehyung doesn’t want anyone to hear the way they sound as they take each other apart.It’s a small disadvantage of living in a place teeming with people as opposed to the island with just the two of them. They really should have been louder.The point being—even in the short duration, it seems like they’ve only learnt more about each other rather than from within the confines of the island or survival. With sorrow no longer hanging over both of them, it is a fresh start.It means Taehyung can read Jeongguk well, and allows Jeongguk to do the same, no longer afraid of showing too much. He is Jeongguk’s to learn inside out.“I came across something a while back,” Jeongguk says. He sits on his haunches and, as satiated as Taehyung feels, it won’t remain for long if he keeps looking like that. Taehyung hands him his trousers, and Jeongguk smirks briefly, putting them on. “I didn’t think much of it, but then I remembered something you’d asked.”“What is it?”“This,” Jeongguk says, leaning to his side and bringing the thick, brown leather diary out of his trunk. Taehyung had put it there after reading it, and guilt strikes him like a snake. “I don’t know how it got there.”“Must have kept it deep inside,” Taehyung remarks, pulling his robe tighter. He didn’t do anything wrong. Why does he feel guilty anyway? “What is it about?”“It speaks about someone called Jimin,” Jeongguk says slowly, carefully. Almost instinctively, his hand flies to the moonstone pendant at the hollow of his throat. The one Jimin had gifted him the first time he had left. “I don’t know anyone of that name. Except it’s my handwriting.”Taehyung waits, his magic bubbling in his chest. It means nothing. Jeongguk only looks confused, and though it aches him, Taehyung wishes for a miracle. Some ‘a-ha!’ moment where he suddenly remembers Jimin. But miracles aren’t real, unlike what humans believe. People scoff at magic, think it is not logical. But there is a system to it.“And? Why does it trouble you?”“You asked me about a Jimin on the way back,” Jeongguk says, looking up. His hands clutch the diary as if his life depends on it—which it does, in a way, because it contains a life Jeongguk no longer remembers. “You asked me about Yoongi and Seokjin and my parents. And then you asked about Jimin.”He looks down, fingers fiddling with his sheets. He can so easily shut it off, unlike Jeongguk who can’t hide for the life of him. But Taehyung promised to be better; yet, how can he tell Jeongguk this? “Maybe you misheard—”“Taehyung, don’t lie to me,” Jeongguk cuts in instantly, voice soft. He’s still confused, but he’s sure this isn’t a blunder. It’s something Taehyung has come to love about him, even though it used to bother him once; the intelligence with which he approached life, even if he had been naïve in others. Not cutthroat or ruthless or conniving, but bright and curious and sharp. Jeongguk never missed a detail. “I know you know something I don’t. You’ve been walking around it for days.”Jeongguk may not remember Jimin, but he hasn’t forgotten his intelligence. And it would be cruel of Taehyung to mislead him to protect him. Jeongguk isn’t fragile and easy to break, and Taehyung should stop treating him as such—even if the truth would hurt him.He lied and lied on the island, to hold on to their fantasy a little while longer. He can’t imagine the agony of facing the truth while floating in the seas, even if Jeongguk has forgiven him for it. Taehyung won’t do it again.“Are you sure you want to know?” He asks anyway, giving him the choice. He didn’t on the island, waiting until the last moment so Jeongguk couldn’t protest and stay behind. It turned out well, but it was a dishonour all the same. “The truth will hurt.”“I’ve faced a lot of hurt in the last three years,” Jeongguk says, straightening himself and facing Taehyung. His lips quiver though his eyes remain focused, strong. “And you promised you wouldn’t ever do what you did to me on the island.”How alike they think. If the matter hadn’t been so serious, Taehyung would have cracked a joke about souls. “Whatever happens, know that I am there with you. We will see through it together.”“I trust you. Who is Jimin?”Three simple words. Once said with disregard, now said with a confused yet hopeful trepidation. The irony isn’t lost on Taehyung, who takes Jeongguk’s hand—and tells him of a boy named Jimin, who had been Jeongguk’s best and closest friend.What Taehyung narrates will never come close to the truth, because that’s something only Jimin and Jeongguk will know. He can’t live their story for them, no matter how much he pries. It breaks his heart as he speaks, as he sees Jeongguk's eyes widen and the tears slowly gather in them. He holds Jeongguk’s hand as he tells Jeongguk of the price he paid to get Taehyung back. His own voice cracks as he says it, the guilt knocking against his heart’s door.“It is the way of magic,” Taehyung says, refusing to cry. Jeongguk is simply staring at their connected hands, tears flowing out steadily without him uttering a word. “Balance. And yes, I’m sick of it myself. I wish it hadn’t come to this, and I’m sorry.”Jeongguk is silent until he looks up and the sight pierces right through Taehyung’s chest. His eyes are bigger than usual, stars encrusted in them glittering in the pools of tears. They draw Taehyung in, sorrow something he has always been attracted to.“So Jimin is…just gone? I won’t ever know him?” His voice is so small, almost like a child asking a dreadful question.“Not like the way you did, no,” Taehyung says. He feels terrible, like a parent refusing to buy their child a gift. “I’m sorry, Jeongguk. I really am.”“I…” Jeongguk starts then trails off, eyes unseeing. His mouth quivers and Jeongguk blinks back tears. “He’s gone. He’s gone. He’s alive but I don’t know him and he —he doesn’t know me. I had a brother and he’s gone, Taehyung, I—”He bursts into tears so suddenly, Taehyung is frozen for a moment before he crawls across the space and pulls Jeongguk in, tucking him under his chin and running a hand down his back. Soaks in his sorrow, hates himself for causing the pain, even indirectly. Jeongguk sobs, and Taehyung lets him. It’s the kind he’s never seen Jeongguk fall for, always having remained calm and strong in the face of adversity, in the face of Taehyung’s despair. Save for the times he would cry in his sleep, he has never seen Jeongguk like this.It is the first of many, but all that Taehyung would devote himself to. Loving and taking care of Jeongguk no matter what.“I couldn’t explain it for the longest time,” Jeongguk says after a while, still tucked under Taehyung like a child, still heaving from the onslaught. Taehyung keeps pressing kisses along his forehead, the bridge of his nose. “After you got on the boat. Just these—these big, empty pockets of space in my head. Like something was missing, but I didn’t know what. I didn’t think much of it, what with—knowing you again, outside of the island.”“The spell is thorough, but even magic can’t flawlessly cover memories worth twenty years,” Taehyung murmurs, tucking Jeongguk in. “I know it hurts. And it’s unfair. I’m sorry for hurting you all the time—”“No, none of that,” Jeongguk says, scrambling fast enough to head-butt Taehyung in the chin—but he faces him with wild, determined eyes. “I don’t regret a single thing. Okay? I don’t. I’d do it all over again if I get to be with you.”“Jeongguk—”“No, listen to me,” Jeongguk says, cupping Taehyung’s face. His eyes are still red, his nose raw from blowing it. He is exhausted but brave. Taehyung is in love all over again. “Don’t you dare beat yourself up for it. You didn’t know, and neither did I. All I know is I promised to find my way back to you. And I know there mustn’t have been another way if it came down to—to forgetting Jimin. It’s alright.”“You shouldn’t be this okay with it.”“I’m not,” Jeongguk says, stroking Taehyung’s cheekbone. His eyes are so sad for someone so young. “Truth be told, it hurts worse than anything I’ve known. But it’s fine because I will…make new memories with him. And this time, it’ll be even better.”Taehyung frowns, confused. “And why is that?”“Because this time, you will be there with me.” || It takes him time to convince Jeongguk, but they decide to visit Jimin at last.Understandably, Jeongguk is nervous. It’s a new look on him, and Taehyung is pleasantly surprised, having seen a mostly confident version of him all along. He comes clean about striking a friendship with Jimin, and Jeongguk is put off only briefly before Taehyung makes up for the lie. He’s rather skilled in charming humans, after all.But the nerves are still present as Taehyung knocks on Jimin’s door. They’ve become friends of sorts, and Taehyung’s dropped the ruse for new potions—mostly because Jimin called him out on that. He’s incredibly smart, and if Taehyung didn’t know, he would have thought Jimin was a Fae himself. He certainly has the beauty for it.Once, it would have been Jeongguk knocking the door and leading the way, Taehyung standing demurely behind. The reversal is funny if a sour reminder of Jeongguk’s loss. But Jeongguk doesn’t remember, and he’s only confused as he looks around Jimin’s street.“It’s strange. I know this street, but this house is just—unfamiliar,” Jeongguk says as they wait. “What will I say, Taehyung?”“Who you are and how you know me,” Taehyung says, squeezing Jeongguk’s shoulder. It’s tight with tension. Taehyung would have to massage it away later. “Remember that story I told you? The one I told the townspeople?”“The one about hosting travellers for the night, yes,” Jeongguk says, lips quirking up briefly. “And how I apparently charmed you out of your clothes.”“A little less crass, perhaps.”“I’ll have you know, I was known for being quite the charmer in Sunsong.”“Yes, well, all that bragging certainly dims it down,” Taehyung says sweetly, and Jeongguk pouts. His eyes shake with nerves when they hear footsteps approaching. “You’ll be fine. Just imagine you’re making a new friend. You’re good at that too.”Jeongguk nods nervously, biting his lower lip. He squeezes Taehyung’s hand painfully as the door opens, and Jimin comes out, brightening when he meets Taehyung’s eyes. “Oh, it’s you!”“It is indeed!” Taehyung says, towing off his shoes. Another Sunsong custom he likes. “Not disturbing you, are we?”“Not at all. It’s my lunch hour. Come in, come in,” Jimin says, bowing when he meets Jeongguk’s eyes. “Oh! Is this Jeongguk?”Taehyung squeezes Jeongguk’s hand as he visibly shudders in despair. “Yes. My sailor from the seas. Isn’t he handsome?”“I can see why you spent so long ‘hosting’ him,” Jimin jokes, giggling when Taehyung swats at his shoulder. “Lovely to meet you, Jeongguk. I’ve heard so much about you from Taehyung.”“G-good things I hope,” Jeongguk says softly, sitting down. His eyes wander all over the room as if he’s trying to place any familiar memory at all. “Taehyung is quite the talker.”“That he is,” Jimin says, tidying up the place. Jeongguk’s eyes are trained on his hands. “I was setting aside barley for tea. Care for a cup?”“I wouldn’t mind. Jeongguk?”“Y-yes. Sure. I’d love some.” Jimin smiles and whistles away to the kitchen. Jeongguk lets out a breath, his entire body shuddering. “Gods above. Is it always going to be like that?”“No, because you’ll become friends again,” Taehyung says, holding his hand. “If I hadn’t told you, you would have been fine. Trust me.”“It’s a little hard when I look at him and feel like I should know him, but don’t,” Jeongguk says, lip curling. He picks at his nails, and Taehyung gently slaps them. “It’s like looking at a person and seeing a blank canvas. Yet there are colours all around.”“What an artist,” Taehyung snorts, and Jeongguk pouts. “Jeongguk. Don’t do this to yourself, or you’ll go mad trying. Treat it like a new friendship, and let the past go.”“Easy for you to say. You both already have inside jokes.”“You seem jealous,” Taehyung coos, pinching Jeongguk’s cheek and giggling when Jeongguk slaps at his hand. “Okay, this is the story: we are two newlyweds looking to settle down. We need friends. I found one, and now I’m introducing the two of you.”“Newlyweds?”“We don’t know Jimin at all, but we like him because he’s warm, friendly, and offers us barley tea even though we disturbed him at lunch hour. That’s how we know we’d like to know him more.”“You’re frighteningly good at telling stories.”“It is a Fae skill. I have more.”“I don’t doubt it. I haven’t forgotten the idea of newlyweds—”“Here it is!” Jimin steps in, balancing a tray with a kettle and three cups. “Piping hot. I added a little cinnamon. It was my—”“Mother’s favourite,” Jeongguk says absent-mindedly, then halts. Jimin also freezes. “I don’t know why I said that. I think my mother used to say so as well.”“Must be a Sunsong mother thing,” Jimin says after a while, smiling and pouring the tea. Jeongguk’s leg bounces slightly. “My parents are no more, so I try to remember them in these little ways.”“What happened, if I may ask?” Jeongguk asks politely. He knows, he read the diary front to back after Taehyung revealed the truth. But maybe he wants to know, wants to try. Build another friendship his body loves even his mind has forgotten.“They got lost in a sudden sea storm,” Jimin says, lips turning down. Only his hand shows the tremor of tragedy. “Came out of nowhere. Their crew lost sight, crashed against a wall of rocks.”“I’m sorry,” Jeongguk says. Taehyung can tell how much he wants to go over and comfort Jimin—but he can’t now. He’d have to wait a long time before he can be that comfortable again. “Is it just you or…?”“I have a younger brother. Jihyun,” Jimin says, lips smiling around his name. “He’s chosen the carpentry trade. Likes to build things.”Jeongguk had explained the Sunsong education system many, many times, and it is still lost to Taehyung. But Jeongguk’s eyes light up. “Is he any good at building ships?”“He will begin soon,” Jimin says, then tilts his head. “Are you looking?”“I am.”“I thought you were a sea traveller by trade.”“I am, but I think I’ve had enough of the sea to last me a while,” Jeongguk says. He looks hopeful all of a sudden. “I’ll perhaps work in carpentry as well during the off-seasons. You know Yoongi?”“Of course. He’s brilliant. Jihyun has been looking to work with him.”“I know him well. He’s a mentor of sorts. I can introduce them.”“Oh, would you?” Jimin’s eyes glitter in excitement. Jeongguk nods and Jimin offers a beam bright as the sun. “Taehyung, I like him. You’ve chosen well.”“I’m surprised you didn’t run into each other, living your whole life here,” Taehyung says carefully, ignoring Jeongguk’s panicked kick to his shin. “He says he was popular.”“All sailors believe that,” Jimin snorts, but his eyes glitter with—knowledge. Excitement. “It is strange though. I feel like I’ve known you forever.”“Funny you say that. I feel the same,” Jeongguk says, perhaps a tad too eagerly. He simmers back down. “Maybe we will be fast friends?”“I don’t see why not. I already like Taehyung,” Jimin says, sipping. “You know that saying in the texts? About how souls always know each other?”Jeongguk looks fond. “Yes. ‘When two old souls meet, even for the first time, they know.’ I always liked that quote.”“It is lovely. Though you don’t strike me as an avid reader. No offence.”“None taken. Perhaps you’d be surprised in the coming days.”“Well, my soul certainly agrees, Jeongguk. Come over when you can.”“I will.”“And put in that word with Yoongi.”“As you command, new friend.”And just like that, all the tension vanished, and all three laugh.  Later, as they stand on the deck and watch the sunset, Jeongguk tucks his chin on Taehyung’s shoulder, hugging him close. It’s a moment of calm, of serenity. They need to go have dinner soon at Seokjin’s, but for now—it’s just the two of them.“It felt so normal,” Jeongguk murmurs, and Taehyung hums. The tea had turned into hours of fun, so much so that Jimin had even closed his healer’s shop early. As he had expected, Jeongguk and Jimin got along like a house on fire. “Like our souls really did know each other.”“Some things even magic can’t take,” Taehyung says, watching the sun dip further and further. The skies turn grey, mauve, and pink, the inky blue ascending. “I’m happy. Seeing you like that today.”“I know it won’t be the same as a childhood bond, but—I felt hope,” Jeongguk says, squeezing him slightly. “I miss him, even if I don’t remember him.”“You will create new memories. You’ll remember a new him,” Taehyung says. He’ll keep working on a spell. He has his grandmother’s grimoire; surely there is hope. “And who knows? Maybe your souls are so entwined you do the impossible and defeat a spell.”“You really believe that, huh.”“Jeongguk, we broke not one but two curses. I think we have something special.” He turns around and winds his arms around Jeongguk’s neck, kissing him slowly and deeply. “If there’s anything I’ve learnt from you, it’s not to give up in the face of a challenge. Even if it takes us forever—we’ll find a way. Until then—you have me, and a new destiny.”“And that’s all I’ll ever need. I love you.”“I love you more. Now, let’s get ready for dinner.”“C’mon, it’s just Seokjin and Yoongi—”“Jeon Jeongguk, I won’t repeat myself—”“Alright, alright, fine. I’ll get dressed. Don’t get prettier than you already are.”“I’ll have you know—”  And just like that, their life hopes to begin. ~
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Epilogue|
 At the end of another hot summer day, Jeongguk is right at home in the tavern, drinking away from a tumbler of mead.He’s with Jimin, who outdrinks him as usual—Jeongguk doesn’t remember if that is how Jimin always was, or if they had competed over drinking. But it’s familiar, like a long-lost song in his veins as Jimin crows in victory, as Jeongguk smiles while passing him yet another copper.And then—Jeongguk sees him.“Excuse me,” he murmurs, keeping his tumbler and moving past Jimin—who frowns, turning around.“Where are you—oh, fuck no. No, I’m not waiting around for this. Goodbye.”Jeongguk barely hears him as he cuts through the throng of people. Inside, the air is a mix of salt, wood bark, and sweat, the general tang of brine that lingers over a coastal town. He doesn’t pay heed to it, or the sweat building at the base of his back. Jeongguk only pays attention to his target.He’s done this many, many times before. Visit the tavern, get a few drinks in him. Eye the pretty men and women, maybe take one home for the night. Usually, they agree, batting their eyelashes at Jeongguk and hoping to be chosen. Jeongguk always concedes; he is a young man with hot blood. He doesn’t mind sharing.He certainly doesn’t mind the beauty waiting by the bar. He stands nearby and watches. Drinks him in as if he is art, which he is—no person should be so beautiful. It’s a crime.Jeongguk would gladly be punished for it.He watches as the man ponders over the board menu, biting into a luscious lower lip, dark waves hanging over his face. He is cut from the cloth of the gods themselves, and Jeongguk can’t wait any longer.“Choose the rice wine,” he suggests, pushing the menu towards the man. “Costs a copper, but it tastes like heaven itself.”The man turns towards Jeongguk then and raises an eyebrow. “Excuse me?”“The drink of choice,” Jeongguk says, nodding at the menu. “Mead is the cheapest. Tastes like it too. Rice wine is their best.”“And you’re telling me this why?”“Well, I can’t help but want to ease you,” Jeongguk says, smiling lazily. He winks at the barmaid, who blushes. “Two rice wines, please. For me and this stranger here.”“I didn’t say yes,” the stranger says, once she leaves.“That’s not a problem,” Jeongguk says, leaning against the bar top. “I can be very convincing.”The stranger returns a smile, and it takes Jeongguk's breath, nearly breaking character. “Is that right?”“Mm. It’s hard to say no to me.”“And why is that…?”“Jeongguk,” he says, offering a hand. “Pleasure to meet you.”The stranger’s hand is warm in his. Rough and calloused but also soft, like a desert wildflower. “Can’t say the same, Jeongguk.”“Yet,” Jeongguk grins, and the stranger smiles bashfully. “Maybe I can change your mind. What’s your name, beautiful?”The stranger bites his lips and Jeongguk tries not to groan. Pink, plump and delicious. Jeongguk imagines his own on them. “Taehyung.”“A name lovely as its owner,” Jeongguk says easily, crowing internally as twin spots of red grow on Taehyung’s cheeks. His skin is golden, his hair midnight black. Jeongguk steps closer and Taehyung peers at him through wide, innocent eyes. “Maybe I’ll be saying it tonight.”Innocent eyes turn hazy with want, a brazen sort of hunger that pulls Jeongguk in. But no, they’re in public. They will have to be patient.“You are quite confident,” Taehyung says, stepping back as the barmaid keeps two glasses in front of them. “We just met.”“As I said, I can be quite convincing.”“Mm, but convince me of what?” Taehyung asks, sipping the wine but eyes refusing to leave Jeongguk’s. “How shameless you are?”Jeongguk stares as Taehyung tips his head back, the long line of his throat. Golden, supple, and begging to be marked. “That I can show you a good time.”“I’m having a good time. Why do I need you?”“To show Sunsong’s generosity,” Jeongguk says, matching point for point. The wine makes its way through, a heady dance in his blood. “Being new in such a town can be a lot.”“Ah, and I suppose you’ll guide me.”“I’d do a good job too,” Jeongguk says, leaning closer. He can smell lavender and sage and holds his ground. Not so soon. “If you give me a chance, of course.”“So the boy is polite after all,” Taehyung says, eyes twinkling. He sips, and a red drop lingers on his lip. Jeongguk aches to taste it. “Would I be safe with you, Jeongguk?”Jeongguk can only stare at the drop, and when he meets Taehyung’s eyes, they’re just as hungry as his.He catches the drop with his thumb, too brazen a move but quite welcome if the way Taehyung’s breathing hitches is any indication. He moves his thumb across the bottom, coating the wine all over, committing the soft warmth to memory. Taehyung looks like he’s barely breathing, and when Jeongguk probes against his lips—he opens them up slightly.The warm press of his tongue drives Jeongguk insane.“You are safe,” Jeongguk murmurs as Taehyung sucks, eyes trained on him. His chest is tight as are his trousers, and they shouldn’t be doing this, not in public. But the tavern is hardly known for its dignity. “I would never misguide you.”Taehyung answers by taking in his thumb deeper—before pulling away, a thin trail of spit connecting them. He catches hold of Jeongguk’s thumb and comes close, placing the glass of wine half-finished. “Why don’t you prove it to me, darling?”  They burst through one of the tavern rooms giggling in each other’s mouths, fumbling with their clothes as they hurry to take it off.Want and desire match sword for sword and all Jeongguk wants is to take Taehyung apart. He shuts the door and they crash against it, Taehyung pressed to the wood while Jeongguk makes work of his tunic.“Don’t tear it,” Taehyung says, but Jeongguk crashes their lips together and swallows up any words. Taehyung is out of his robes and Jeongguk takes off his trousers. “You tore them, didn’t you?”“I’ll get you another,” Jeongguk says, picking Taehyung up and throwing him on the bed—the witch bounces and settles down, waiting to strike. Jeongguk stands, hard and wanting, but before he can take another step—he finds himself frozen. “No. C’mon.”“As if I’ll ever make it so easy,” Taehyung says lightly, settling down upon the pillows. Jeongguk can’t move, cursing when he sees the thin trails of purple. Taehyung must have placed a charm without his notice. “Watch.”Which is all he can do, helpless as Taehyung moans, wrapping a hand around and pleasuring himself. It’s torture because Jeongguk loves it when Taehyung does that and he gets to watch. He hates it because he wants to join, and it’s not fair. He’d waited so long.He can’t move as Taehyung moans higher and his movements faster until he reaches his zenith and then—the spell releases.Jeongguk is over him in a moment’s notice.“Never do that again,” he says as he kisses him, bringing Taehyung’s hand to his mouth and sucking the remains. Bitter salt with a tinge of lavender that’s always present on Taehyung. Some sort of magical bullshit. “Fuck, Taehyung.”“In a moment you will,” Taehyung says, giggling before pulling Jeongguk in, perhaps tasting himself on Jeongguk’s tongue. “I think we need to work on the story a little bit.”“Is that really what you’re thinking about? Now?” Jeongguk asks incredulously, and Taehyung laughs. “I can’t believe you. Here I am, naked and at your mercy—”“I can do both, darling,” Taehyung croons. It makes his blood run hot. Taehyung reaches between them and strokes Jeongguk’s cock leisurely. “Lie down, and shut up. You don’t know me.”And just like that, Jeongguk forgets about it.Taehyung turns him around and takes his time, kissing down his jaw and neck, his chest while his hand is just as busy. Jeongguk closes his eyes, his stomach tightening from the anticipation as Taehyung maps his canvas, his lips hot and heavenly. He lets out a groan when Taehyung takes him in, at last, his mouth perfectly hot and wet.His hand tightens in Taehyung’s tresses and when Taehyung taps against his thigh to use him as he wants, Jeongguk is more than ready to oblige.“You’re gorgeous like this,” Jeongguk murmurs, breath hitching as Taehyung takes him in deeper. “The very best.”Taehyung hums, and it echoes in the best way, enough to make Jeongguk tip over the edge until—He pulls away and squeezes the base, wiping his mouth. “Save it for when you’re in me.”“Are you serious,” Jeongguk groans, but it would be useless to protest. Once Taehyung makes up his mind he’s difficult to convince. He’d been lying earlier; Jeongguk is convincing—except not with Taehyung. No, he’s got the resolve of a rock. “I can recover fast.”“Then I guess I don’t want to have a meal just now,” Taehyung says, climbing onto Jeongguk’s lap and slicking himself up. Then he waits, simply staring. Jeongguk stares back, content in watching him. Taehyung has those moments sometimes. “Is it alright if we take it slow?”“Whatever you want,” Jeongguk murmurs, wrapping his arm around Taehyung’s waist and hitching him close. He loves him like this too. In any way, really. “Is everything okay? We don’t have to.”“No, I want to. Just—I don’t know. Didn’t want it rough tonight.”“Alright,” Jeongguk says, pecking him once, twice. Generally, a roleplay like this would turn all sorts of messy, the rough kind Taehyung often adored. But sometimes, Taehyung wanted it easy, even in the middle. “You were a stranger who wanted it rough, but seeing how safe you felt with me, decided to be all docile and pretty.”Taehyung blinks before laughing hard, throwing his head back. “Working on the story still?”“Someone has to,” Jeongguk says. He takes Taehyung’s hands and kisses each finger. “I love you.”“I love you more,” Taehyung whispers back, before sinking down—and making him see stars once again.  “That,” Jeongguk says, head heavy and the ceiling spinning, “, was not slow.”“I like to surprise you,” Taehyung says. He sounds smug, and if Jeongguk had any energy left—which he doesn’t, because Taehyung is a minx bound to lead him astray—he would teach him a lesson. But as it is, he is melting into the sheets and his legs are jelly.“I don’t think I can feel my legs anymore,” Jeongguk says, and Taehyung giggles, curling into his side. What was supposed to be the slow ascend to pleasure was just Taehyung having the time of his life riding Jeongguk to the Underworld and back. “You better have a potion for this.”“Maybe if I kiss it better?”“Taehyung.”“Fine, fine, I won’t poke fun,” Taehyung says, poking Jeongguk’s nose instead. He snaps a finger and Jeongguk feels clean again, though bathing still sounds better. Not till tomorrow, though. “Did it play out as you had imagined?”“It was even better,” Jeongguk says, dropping a kiss on Taehyung’s forehead. “Keep surprising me, even if I complain.”“Maybe next time you can be the stranger and I’ll be the town’s local whore.”“I’m not—shut up!” Jeongguk says, but smiles when Taehyung giggles again. “Okay, maybe for you.”“Do you think the other people saw?”“The part where you took my thumb in? I’m sure half of them are wanking as we speak.”“Disgusting,” Taehyung says, pouting. His hair slowly returns to bright blue as the glimmer fades away, a true sign that his magic is safe in this room. “Can I move to the other side of the bed?”“I knew it,” Jeongguk sighs, shifting as Taehyung climbs over him and lays on the other side. “I knew you were lying about the right side.”“I fit on the left better!”“Of course. It has nothing to do with how you make the left seem better.”“Whatever you want to believe, Jeongguk. I’m just a regular person trying to sleep.”“You little—”“And you should sleep too. Tomorrow is a big day.”Jeongguk sighs and tucks Taehyung close, resigning himself to his fate. || Today is the day they leave Sunsong.Jeongguk is on the boat when Taehyung makes his way through, carrying poultices and a trunk full of his herbs and spices, and other things he might need for a bit of potion brewing. Behind him is Jimin, carrying even more supplies and failing miserably in hiding his tears.“Ah, Jimin,” Jeongguk says, pulling him in for a hug. Jimin sniffles, though he makes a show of pushing Jeongguk away. “I’m not leaving forever.”“I know,” Jimin says, placing his gifts. Jeongguk watches fondly. “I’m not happy anyway.”“I promise, the sea won’t do anything to me,” Jeongguk says, looking over to where Taehyung sifts through the trunk. “Right, Taehyung?”“Absolutely.”“Oh, like he’s some sort of magician who can keep you safe,” Jimin snarks, not noticing the glance Jeongguk and Taehyung exchange. “I told you I don’t like the sea—”“I have improved upon this ship with Yoongi’s help,” Jeongguk says, placing his hands on Jimin’s shoulder. “Strongest ship there is.”Jimin snorts weakly, before moving below deck to join Seokjin in the kitchen.It had been a couple of months since Jeongguk had brought Taehyung to Sunsong. Blissful, sun-caked months spent lounging about, introducing Taehyung to the ways of humans and bringing him up to date with the world after his imprisonment. They made a home close to Seokjin’s, a temporary shelter for the two of them. Taehyung soon struck up a fast friendship with Yoongi, who explained to him about the human-magic war and the Conquests which took place.Jeongguk had thrived seeing Taehyung blossom into his own away from the island. Away from the burden of his past and his horrid curse.That being said, no matter how beautifully the witch adjusted to a world full of people, he was just as hungry for knowledge as Jeongguk and finally put his foot down, wanting to explore as Jeongguk had promised.And well, what his witch demands, Jeongguk always meets.“Make sure you do a sweep over any land you anchor upon,” Yoongi says as he climbs out of the kitchen, mostly towards Taehyung. “The route I have provided is safe, and you will hardly run into trouble. But be careful anyway.”“Yes, Father,” Jeongguk mutters, yelping when Yoongi swats him on his arse. “You’re getting grouchier as you age.”“One more joke about our old ages, I will spit in your food,” Seokjin says sweetly, chopping Jeongguk’s neck. “The reserves should last you at least six months. Try to eat as much fresh food as possible.”“Don’t worry, Seokjin,” Taehyung says gently, his eyes fond. His hair is black again for the sake of the townspeople, and Jeongguk can’t wait until they’re alone so Taehyung lets loose on the glamour. “I’ll take care of your little one. He’ll return safely.”“We’re more concerned about you, actually.”“Hey!”“What? Living with a menace like you, it’s bound to have some impact,” Yoongi says smugly, and Jeongguk pouts. Taehyung giggles and pulls him in for a kiss. “Or not, since you’re attached to each other.”“A bunch of leeches,” Jimin mutters darkly, and Jeongguk laughs. “I had to see one of their cursed roleplays last night.”“Again?”“Did they ever stop?”“That’s also true,” Seokjin says, scratching his chin. Then he claps Jeongguk on the shoulder. “Alright then. We won’t take any more of your time. Have a safe journey.”“And bring souvenirs!”“They’ll do that, Jimin, if you let them go.”“Right, of course,” Jimin says bashfully, peeling away from them. In the time since, the three of them have become particularly fast friends. Jeongguk knows it would never amount to the childhood bond he lost—but he’s just glad he still knows Jimin, and he thanks Taehyung a million times for taking the step. “Don’t take too long to visit again, alright?”“We’ll miss you,” Taehyung says, pulling Jimin in close. They hug a long time, and Jeongguk lets them be. Only the witch knows about Jeongguk and Jimin’s past, even if it’s a story Jeongguk fed him once. “Ask that boy out. The one you were talking to the other day.”“What? There’s no one—”“Jimin. You’re quite obvious. I want you playing house by the time I come back, okay?”The healer mutters a few choice words but smiles genially. Then Yoongi, Seokjin, and Jimin walk off the ship and onto the docks while Jeongguk pulls the plank in. They depart at last.  Jeongguk had always wanted to travel the world and conquer the seas. He had started young, and his wish could have been extinguished had it not been for Taehyung.He’d been disillusioned by the sea after all his adventures. The horrors of them refused to leave his mind, no matter how much Yoongi tried to show him otherwise. Until Taehyung put his foot down and demanded to be taken around the world.So here Jeongguk is on a ship of his own with Taehyung by his side—his old vision by the sirens at last realised.“Is this how the sirens showed you the first time?” Taehyung murmurs as they stare at yet another sunset, welcoming the night. He shivers, and Jeongguk wraps his arms around. “The two of us at sea?”“Something like this, yes,” Jeongguk says, smiling at the memory. He’d always been a believer in dreams, but to see it come alive right before his eyes… “Thank you for being here.”“I’m the one who dragged you,” Taehyung says, and Jeongguk can hear him rolling his eyes. “By the ear, even.”“Thank you for dragging me, then,” Jeongguk says, pulling Taehyung in and tucking himself into the crook of his neck. It’s his favourite, the best way to get the steady stream of lavender without getting too dizzy. “Do you have the map?”“All marked and ready.”“You’ll keep me safe?”“No monsters shall get to you, darling,” Taehyung says, patting Jeongguk’s cheek softly. In the months past, being with Taehyung is as easy as breathing. Their push and pull is practically non-existent, though it exists plenty in the bedroom. “I am a fearsome monster myself.”“Don’t say that,” Jeongguk tuts, but hitching him close. He’s content. So content. “Even as a joke.”“Even though you uncovered the monster’s heart and saw beneath?”“Even then.”“Fine, if you say so. I’ll keep you safe, Jeongguk. As long as I’m safe with you.”“Always.” || They go to all the lands that Jeongguk knows off. Munwang. A detour to Angye, an island called Xinjang full of strange people who are openly hostile towards them. Taehyung has to cast a memory spell on them before they can leave safely.Through seas, tides, and currents, they travel. Jeongguk gets to live his dream, and Taehyung gets to meet a new world. His scent jumps out of him, and they’re out alone at the sea to let loose. Jeongguk has never loved Taehyung more.The seas are where they belong.When they argue, it’s a break in their symphony. Taehyung is prone to shutting down, keeping silent even as purple sparks burst out of him. Jeongguk learns to remain gentle, though some days he says the wrong thing and is punished with restraints.He punishes Taehyung the way he knows, and all is well. Sometimes it isn’t, and sometimes Taehyung remembers his past too much to be subdued. Jeongguk leaves him alone but promises of being close by, and eventually, Taehyung comes back to his arms.They’re not perfect, he knows that. But Jeongguk loves Taehyung anyway, and he basks in all the love Taehyung has to give but never could. It doesn’t run out, and Jeongguk prays to the Fates it never does. || Taehyung had made a small change on the map, and Jeongguk is left to face it.“So this was Qinyang,” he comments, standing on the deck as he observes. He’d set the anchor a couple of leaps away from the ruins of what was once supposed to be the greatest land in the time of magic. Now it’s a poor caricature bereft of any human presence. Cold, entire swathes of land covered with dense forests and creepers alike. “Well, it’s certainly lacking.”“I can’t believe it myself,” Taehyung says, mouth open in shock. He snaps a finger and creates a shield around the two of them, making sure they won’t get wet as they wade through the water. “If it weren’t for that spire, I would have thought we were mistaken.”“I don’t see it,” Jeongguk says, focused on getting out of the water fast. Taehyung had told him Qinyang was landlocked, but every nation had its point of entry. “I’m assuming the kingdom must be further inside.”“Yes. I don’t recall the sea being close,” Taehyung says, tracking through the cold sand. Nothing seems to be living on the land, not even birds or animals. Here and there, however, Jeongguk can see little markings of civilisation, as well as the destruction of the Conquests. “We have a long way. Come.”His tone leaves no room for argument.The longer they walk, the more disturbed Jeongguk feels. There are ruins everywhere, and in its time, nature and greenery have taken hold of it. It smells cold too—like ice, but off. Unwelcome. Taehyung walks like he knows it well—which he might. Still, it’s been centuries.Jeongguk worries for him.It mustn’t be easy to come back to one’s homeland, especially seeing it in such a state. Taehyung has always expressed disgust and hatred for Qinyang—even then, a part nostalgic for whatever home is will ache. But Taehyung seems to be taking it bravely, and Jeongguk lets him be.They walk nearly all afternoon, according to the sundial Jeongguk has. There isn’t much sunlight either, and by the time they reach what is probably the town square—both are exhausted.“It’s gone,” Taehyung mutters, turning around slowly. His eyes remain vacant, caught in another lifetime. One where this square is bursting with people and magic, where being Fae is normal, a matter of pride. “All of it is gone.”“Yoongi did say the Conquests wiped most lands,” Jeongguk murmurs, coming close and taking Taehyung’s hand. He presses soft kisses to the back of it even as he tucks himself into Taehyung. The cold leeches the warmth away. “It’s so cold.”“Only the summer months were bearable,” Taehyung says. Leaves and rocks crunch beneath his feet as he turns towards a hall. “That’s the hall they used to hold all sorts of macabre gatherings in.”“The one Hoseok went to?”“Mm. Ugly, isn’t it?”“Too much marble,” Jeongguk comments, like he’s a tourist watching a museum. “Fae didn’t have much taste, huh?”“Not quite,” Taehyung snorts, walking around. “Cold. Passionless.”“You aren’t.”“I had the pleasurable company of humans,” Taehyung says, winking and smiling wickedly. He stops at one of the pillars; behind it is a dais. “This is where my trial happened. The people stood in the middle of the square.”Jeongguk wants to burn it down. His mouth curls, and Taehyung giggles, kissing him softly. “I think more destruction is in order.”“It’s not worth it,” Taehyung says. He doesn’t look half as affected. “I thought it would hurt. That’s why I wanted to come here, see it for myself.”“And?”“Well, you said it,” Taehyung says, curling into his robe. He looks ethereal, blue hair standing out. Jeongguk can almost imagine him, a bright flame sticking out. Others eager to blow him out. “Fae don’t have much taste.”Jeongguk bursts out laughing. Taehyung smiles, blushing softly as a petal.They explore the land—Taehyung keeps him warm with a spell. They visit the library, and its books are burnt to cinders. Some sheets lie about half-burnt, and some are miraculously alive. Taehyung takes them for himself, giggling all the while about continuing his looting even now.Taehyung takes him to what were once perhaps residential colonies. Houses still stand, some run-down, some burnt, and most unliveable. But the witch takes him past all of those, deeper into the overgrowth. Jeongguk holds on, trusting him. Taking it in, remembering and wondering about Taehyung in this cold, dreadful land.“Do you sense spirits?” Jeongguk asks as they walk, Taehyung burning away any overgrowth. “Of those who passed, I mean.”“We don’t have ghosts amongst Fae,” Taehyung says, holding Jeongguk close. “Either the Mother accepts us, or we are shunned, our essence consumed. Nothing goes to waste, not even the worst souls. What energy was used to create us is returned.”“Neat.”“Absolutely. So you needn’t be scared of ghosts watching us.”“Scared—I’m not scared!” Jeongguk exclaims. Taehyung only cackles in response, and Jeongguk huffs, upset. Until Taehyung kisses away his sulking, and how can Jeongguk say no to that?They come upon an estate then—huge and sprawling. It’s practically untouched, perhaps one of the few houses that haven’t been marked by the Conquests. Taehyung assesses it with a critical eye before entering, sending a purple blaze across.“Welcome to my home,” he says, and Jeongguk startles. “It’s lived.”“It’s quite…large,” Jeongguk says. He can see space for gardening, playing, and even some sort of lake. Royalty. “Like it’s meant for a prince.”“I was one,” Taehyung says, muttering under his breath before opening the door. Inside, it smells a cold sort of musty which is quickly taken over by Taehyung’s lavender. “The youngest. I come from a Crest family.”“Let me guess, that’s Fae royalty.”“Yes. Namjoon is a Springbourne Crest.”“Quite a system.”“The Fae love dividing its kind by blood.” Taehyung sets about working through the house in a purple blur. Soon, they have a fire crackling. Jeongguk surveys the home, and sees remains of a life rotting away. There are some scrolls in some cabinets. When Jeongguk opens it, he sees six other faces similar to Taehyung sketched in charcoal. “My family.”Taehyung says it so bitterly too, grimacing. Jeongguk looks at the sketches. All bearing his features, though he can’t say much about their hair colour or skin. All the ways Taehyung claimed he was different. “They look like you.”“Eyes and mouth,” Taehyung says, his eyes moist. “Everything else was different.”Jeongguk doesn’t ask more. He knows Taehyung was shunned by his family the most—probing his pain is the last thing he wants to do. Instead, he puts the scrolls away and walks about, helping Taehyung set up.The witch supplies him with stories—the corners he hid in, the stories he would make by himself. The hours he spent in the larder while his siblings played amongst themselves. They decide to stay for the night—the home is functional, and with a little bit of magic, it’s like nothing happened.Taehyung shows him the attic, the place where he slept. It breaks a little of his resolve, and when Taehyung’s lips quiver, Jeongguk is quick to calm him down, to remind him he’s not alone anymore.In that same, quiet voice, he begs Jeongguk to take care of him—and Jeongguk agrees, never to deny Taehyung again. The bedding is still there, cleaned by a sweeping spell—and he makes way of their clothes, unbothered by the cold.“Faster,” Taehyung murmurs, nearly tearing his clothes off. Jeongguk is just as desperate. It never ceases to amaze him, how much he wants Taehyung—and how frequently. He lays Taehyung down and worships him, pressing kisses all over. In the dim lantern filled with a purple orb, he looks exquisite. Taehyung cries as Jeongguk takes him in, swallowing him whole.He wants to take his time, but something about Taehyung’s pain and wanting to claim this spot as theirs haunts him too much to do so, and within moments he’s inside Taehyung, fucking him deep and slow. Urging him to be as loud as he wants, to claim his right. Taehyung must have always been so quiet; now, he has no one and nothing to fear. This land is not a nightmare; it is Taehyung’s birthright. He is buried to the hilt, watching as Taehyung breaks apart. His nails draw blood but Jeongguk loves the pain, the reminder of how viscerally Taehyung loves, how deeply. He captures his lips, biting his tongue when he comes inside and keeps coming, and still, Taehyung doesn’t ask him to stop.Later, as they lay in each other’s arms and the cold takes away the heat of their coupling, Taehyung presses soft kisses all over, thanking him with each one.“I never thought I’d do something here,” Taehyung murmurs. His eyes droop, and he looks sated. “It feels like blasphemy.”“Didn’t sneak up here with Hoseok?” Jeongguk teases, chuckling when Taehyung slaps him. “Probably not. You’d create a new spell, screaming the way you do.”“Stop it!” Taehyung hisses, but there is a smile in his voice. “That’s why I did it in the meadows. Far away from everyone.”A green bean of envy lights up in his belly, and Jeongguk burns. “Was he as good as me?”“Aw, is my little sailor jealous?” Taehyung quips, kissing him all over. It makes the heat bubble, and Jeongguk can’t believe himself. He hadn’t been so robust even before Taehyung, and yet. Must be the magic. “He was a scrawny boy eighteen winters old. Hardly a master.”“I was brilliant at eighteen.”“I trust you, believe me,” Taehyung murmurs, hand a loose circle around his cock, slowly slicking him up. “I’ll be taking care of you now. And I want you to let out those pretty sounds you keep inside.”  They stay for only a day. Taehyung glows inside out, no longer afraid of Qinyang or the memories he has of it. He takes Jeongguk to his grandmother’s home—a small hut, nothing like an ancient witch is supposed to have. But even run down, Jeongguk can feel the imprint of her powers even now.He takes him down to the forest, to the meadow where he’d practiced his spells—now less of a meadow, more of a wild grassland—with one of the trees bearing the marks of Hoseok’s transformation still. Taehyung sheds his tears, and Jeongguk sits with him as he mourns, as they both do. He didn’t know the man, perhaps would never like him for the sheer pain he caused Taehyung—but he’d been there when Taehyung had no one, and Jeongguk can respect that.They leave before dusk can fall, straight to the ship without looking back. Taehyung unmoors the anchor and they set off, never to visit Qinyang again. || They sail the seas, and are free as free can be.Maybe Taehyung’s pain will remain for a while, and maybe he would never trust humans fully. Maybe without Taehyung, Jeongguk would not be as fond of the seas as he used to be. But together, they face many sunrises and sunsets—and hope to heal.Through countries, lands, and odd people, Jeongguk and Taehyung learn about each other. As Taehyung meets the world again, Jeongguk holds his hand throughout. When Jeongguk is too reckless, Taehyung temps down his free soul.He was once a reckless boy in a small town wanting to conquer the seas, and conquer the Siren. But what Jeongguk has found is much more and much better than what he had ever dreamt of, and whether he’s conquered the seas or the Siren—Taehyung has certainly conquered him.And there’s no place he’d rather be. |The End.| 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |World-Building|

   
As promised, this section will be a glossary +world-building. I won’t go into complete detail but I loved the world-building aspect of this story the most. It taught me the value of creating a background as well how fun our imaginations can be when we don’t have the limit of reality on us.While there isn’t any “new” lingo as such, there are quite a lot of made up country and city names, both in Jungkook’s world as well as Taehyung’s. I realised only after writing Taehyung’s backstory that I…kind of skipped out on really planning his world, oops. But no matter.I’m not sure how many of you will want to read this but I’m just excited to have it structured on paper in an official way. So without further ado, let’s go! I hope you guys enjoy this as well. ~ About the Alternate Universe:
The universe resembles Earth, though I haven’t called it that. I passed it off as “world” and embarrassingly enough, I don’t know what to call this planet. But just imagine this world exactly like the one we live in with similar nations and shapes, but they’re not called any of the real names. Easy-peasy.
The story is focused on what we know as the Eastern Hemisphere. This is so I could feel comfortable with writing mostly Korean characters with Korean names without westernising them too much. Hence, the names of the countries also reflect Asian descent.
It can be safely assumed that there is a “West” with different kinds of people, but not the way we know them.
The era this story is set in is sort of…middle ages? Just not as barbaric and backward as our lovely world today. Honestly, writing this story was just an excuse for me to create the utopia I fantasise about on a daily basis <3
So it is the Middle Ages (not necessarily the sort on Earth)—but also more modern? Like, there is advancement and cool stuff but it’s also not super modern. People still rely on ships and horses + carriages to travel etc. I’m sure you can understand what I mean.

   

  Jungkook’s World
Jungkook comes from a country called Sinwang. Consider this the equivalent of South Korea, I guess, since I’m not a cartographer so I don’t know how boundaries and nations work. The country is small but prosperous and is divided into 5 regions by choice of major trade (there are other trades as well, but each region has the major coffin filler).Sinwang is the country and the capital is Sanjun. It is a democratic monarchy. The royal family resides here and it is a major city with all kinds of trade, in and out. Many people often immigrate into the city for job opportunities or the various trade festivals throughout the year (which is based on the Gregorian calendar w/o the names just numbered months—so it would be like the second month and so on). Here you have the Royal Palace, Theatre, Trade Market (which has a place for all trade), the main Academy (all the others in the region are off-shoots of the main one; this has the Library of Sinwang with its major scholars and academicians), and a Healing Centre where doctors, nurses, and healers often come to learn.
  Five regions of Sinwang:


Sunsong relies on the seas and thus deals with export/import, fishing, ship-building. Polytheistic but their main God would be the Sea Father and their major festival will centre on this deity. This is the region Jungkook hails from.

Sinju: Agriculture. Farmers and making the majority of the food for the kingdom. Most fertile lands and favourable weather conditions. God of Land/Agriculture/Food.

Nayeong: Clothing, though summer clothing is more manufactured than winter, and winter-wear is often imported from nearby regions in the cold.

Gangcho: Mining, metal, ores, minerals, etc.

Hangcho: Lumber; lots of forests, again fertile land but not fit for agriculture, just growing trees, etc.

  Neighbouring Countries:


Angye (where Taehyung’s grandmother resides). Its capital is Ikgye and it is, unlike Sinwang, an island with water on all sides, the main trade being rare herbs, healers and silk, and a lot of its development comes from export. I fashioned it along the lines of Japan, and it doesn’t have a lot of natural resources, unlike Sinwang. It is also cut off and further away from most countries. Though its inhabitants are humans, there are often rumours that it hosts a lot more magical species/magic-users than normal and that most of its esteemed healers are gifted. They worship the Healing Mother (also called the Mother Goddess amongst the Fae) who is unknown to the Sinwang pantheon of gods.

Munwang is somewhat similar to Sinwang (given their last syllables) but a lot more war-training and battle-focused. I fashioned this along the lines of North Korea (but a lot less dictatorial/oppressed). They’re on-off rivals and friends with Sinwang, and have conflicts from time to time. It has harsher weather conditions and is much colder compared to Sinwang, since it is north of Sinwang, which is moderately temperate except for the northern regions of Hangcho, which may be slightly colder than the rest.
 
  Culture/Society:


Language:  A common tongue is used to trade + travel (which is what Taehyung and Jungkook use to converse all along). There is no honorific-based language here, though formal and informal tones may exist, along with salutations like Master, Apprentice, Teacher etc. Patterns of speech: there are regional dialects all across Sinwang, and it is a sort of a musically toned language with highs and lows. A lot of use of hands and facial expressions when talking, which is why stoic people (like Yoongi) are seen as strange or “too quiet”.
 

Work Culture: Considered a very high-on-productivity sort of society; everyone plays a role and contributes to the social welfare and this is expected (hence the trade initiation at the end of formal education). Trades like explorer/traveller/emissary are seen as higher class work routes that are put together with choosing a life of not doing “much work”, though outright discrimination doesn’t exist. So in Jeongguk’s case, it’s highly likely that his wanting to go down the route would carry grumbles and disbelief as he comes from an established fishing trade family and he’s choosing that may or may not contribute to Sinwang.
 

Clothing: Sort of Medieval European style? The everyday style is tunic and trousers with a belt, which are made of cotton. Clothing can differ from region to region; however, I focused on Sunsong which is a temperate climate and near the sea, so the use of cotton clothing is immense. Shoes are usually open-toed to help with circulation and body temperature.
 

Food: Rice and seafood, soya for protein (sort of like Korean food/main diet); more meat up north than near the southern parts of the country (seafood). Drinks are mead/barley-based/rice wine.
 

Gods/Religious Beliefs: Polytheistic (i.e. a pantheon of gods). The Sea Father (God of the Sea) is the main one for Sunsong. There are some 6-7 gods who I couldn’t think of names for, but their titles are as follows: Goddess of Harvest, Fertility, and Life, Death, Courage and War, Wisdom and Knowledge, Time and Fate (known as the Fates; Jungkook often referred to them in his passages), Healing and Justice.
 

Festivals: based on the Titular gods: Courage, Justice, Wisdom and Knowledge, Life and Fertility, Death, Seas, Harvest (Land), Fate and Time, Healing. Rumours are that the Goddess of Healing is another name for the Mother Goddess but given that humans have a disdain for magic, her title was changed.
 

Behaviour: Polite and respectful; respect is not based on an age hierarchical structure but rather on decency and kindness. Elders get basic respect but so do the children and youngsters, and talking back to any one is frowned upon. There is a healthy use of swearing, though children are encouraged not to use it as much until puberty (the first coming of age). It is collectivistic, so people help each other out and know each other i.e. they closely interact and no one is a stranger per se.
 Unhealthy Habits/Society Beliefs:
I know I made this a super nice and pretty society (to cope with my misery with our current systems) but it’s not a complete utopia; Sinwang has it shares of stupid things too. People can be a little hot-headed, especially the trade and worker class, there is a disdain for non-productivity or those who don’t strive to do something independently (i.e. choose to rely on the family trade and live off parents), mental health is somewhat respected, though it’s only as long as it doesn’t interfere with the productivity— which means depression may not be seen in a good light or even empathetic one. Suicide is considered shameful and carrying over sin to the next life (and seen as running away from problems).
Though children can choose any trade, more often they are pressured to continue the family trade and in some extreme cases children can be disowned if they choose differently.
There is a need for scientific objectivity and rationalism in thought and work, though there are Gods; therefore magic and belief in people with powers or species with supernatural abnormalities are seen as abnormal and miffed at. Fortune tellers or palm readers are often seen as outcasts of the society and only the truly desperate would go to one.
The people are also very protective of the Sinwangian identity and nation and can be a little cold (sometimes downright hostile) towards outsiders (emissaries or tourists) though it’s very subtle.
In terms of crime, there is mostly agricultural crime, fudging of accounts, use of substances beyond alcohol and marijuana (such as processed cocaine and heroin equivalent). Rape, murder, and theft are all serious crimes; though there is little gender discrimination, those are still crimes that can happen against any human. Corruption on a higher level, tampering with evidence etc. though most are good, honest citizens, so crime statistics are rare and low. There was a time when it was high though, which is why provisions for it are made in the constitution and law.

  Education System:

The main centre is the Library of Sinwang in the capital, where students can go for higher education/more specialised training that is not just focused on trade jobs, contributing more to the royal economy, government, practices etc.
In general, there are Academies (simply called The Academy) all around the regions where the basic education consists of formally educating citizens on the history of Sinwang, the political system, value education classes, the culture classes that cover religion/spirituality, a specialised class for each region the Academy is based in, and a lot of focus on the trades of Sinwang and one’s region (for e.g. in Sunsong, there may be classes with a focus on sea trade/culture/sea god).
Children are enrolled in the Academy at age 5 till they are 19 (so 14 years), and at their 19th name-day they are officially graduates of the Academy, after which they can either: 1) seek a master of a trade and enrol as apprentices for a year, and start trading/jobs at age 20 or 2) go for higher education to the capital where they can enrol into the Library or its specialised schools and learn more about their chosen subjects (sort of like going for your Bachelors instead of working after high-school). However, the second option is more expensive and usually chosen by nobility or richer classes of each region, or zealous students who may take loans to pursue this.
Education is considered essential as all citizens are expected to work and contribute to the standard Royal Tax, and all children- poor, middle, or rich- are ensured education on a state-run basis. Home-schooling is frowned upon and such children are often seen as spoiled or not as “learned”. For children who cannot afford schooling, the state provides benefits and opportunities.
The teaching methods are divided between theoretical and application-based, with more application of trade classes. There are practice classes for each trade to familiarise students with all trades (so they may make an informed choice at 19). The norm is usually of following the family trade, but it is not a law- a student can choose any trade provided they find a willing master to apprentice under. Though in some cases there may be family pressure and the expected norm, especially the well-to-do families, it is not state law.
The “pressure” or discussion of trade choices begins picking up at age 18 (when the final year starts) and it is expected that the students have begun thinking about the future by this time. After graduation, they are given two weeks to come to a decision and choose a master and thus enroll their names+ chosen trades in the official registry.
The teachers of the region’s Academy come in to do a check and give a one-week warning if the student has still not chosen a trade (or made the decision to go to the capital), after which they may choose a trade for the student based on an aptitude test.

  Political System:


Democratic monarchy. There is a royal family but there’s also a constitution; the family is hereditary i.e. parent-to-child (regardless of gender). However, the people of Sinwang vote for their region electives who comprise of as representative of those people, and handle region to region issues, if at all, and in the capital, there are houses for which there are ministers who qualify as nobility.
These houses range from Education, Trade, Health, Justice, Agriculture, and War. There are ministers for each- again, it is sort of an egalitarian society where there isn’t any gender discrimination. There is no hereditary-based position in the Houses and these are open to the public through fair elections. There is a constitution and the royal family looks over the reign but doesn’t really rule.
They carry several powers of the state such as an emergency rule or looking over any legislation, and it’s sort of like having a president? Yeah. They may take over during wartime, though they still need discussion with the House Ministers and other leaders.

  Marriage/Relationships:

I just want to make one nice country that’s decent as fuck even if it may have problems elsewhere. All relationships are considered “normal”, though marriages are seen as a way to produce heirs or next in line. Same-sex relationships are recognised but are not called marriages as they’re no scope of producing a child; however, provisions are made for these couples to adopt a child with ease. Again, they can call their alliance a marriage and even get registered for it; it’s just the way people may refer to each other or talk about it.
However, though adoption is an easy route, the number of children to adopt may be less as orphanages are not that common. Cross-regional adoptions are also excepted, as is surrogacy (i.e. a woman willing to go through pregnancy to give birth to a child that the same-sex couple can then adopt; the progeny can belong to either of the people. If it’s a female same sex-couple they also have men willing to donate sperms (either through a bank or through a consort-relationship of sort) and the women can have their baby.
Sex is not taboo and pre-marital sex is fully approved, though it is not abnormal if people choose to abstain or don’t feel the need (shout-out to my asexual gang!) Like hell I’m making this society a heterosexual nightmare. Everyone’s welcome <3

   

  Taehyung’s World/Pre-human rule:
I can’t believe I didn’t world-build for Taehyung’s world, and in fact, made it up on the spot when I was writing his backstory. But I decided to include it here. It might not be as elaborate as Jungkook’s, but I think it is fun as well.Let’s get this straight: Taehyung is old as fuck. He’s lived practically centuries on the island because time is not real over there. This means Qinyang is an ancient Fae land from a time when the Magikal species had a hold over the world, way before the Conquests took place and hunted down magical people/shut down magic. I’ll explain that later.Qinyang was one of the most powerful regions. Jungkook’s never heard of it because it’s been many years since the Conquests. For the purpose of this story, I will focus only on one Fae country and the species within it.
  Fae of Qinyang:
The magic in this society is based upon the elements: water, air, fire, and earth. Each element has a corresponding season, so the Fae born in that particular season often carry the magic of that particular element.
Those born in the season of spring are called Springbournes. Their element is earth, so their magic is earth magic: plants, herbs, animals etc. Their aura will usually be green (magic has colours). An example of this will be Namjoon.
Similarly, those born in summer are Summerbournes. Element: Fire, so fire magic. Lots of burning, heat, mayhem in general. Aura colour: orange/red. Example: Solar
Autumn— Autumnbournes. Element: Air, so wind magic. Lots of breezes, storms, etc. Aura: yellow.
Lastly: Winterbournes. Element: water. Can manifest in the form of water, ice, most forms of water. Aura: blue/pale silver/white.
A Fae family can consist of different types of magic-users depending on what season they were born. There isn’t a family surname thus (so Taehyung is Taehyung Winterbourne; Namjoon was Namjoon Springbourne). However, a lot of Fae families plan their conception so that their family can all come under one season. This is especially so for royalty amongst the Faes.Fae royalty in Qinyang is called Crests. So Winterbourne Crest means the Fae under these are royalty/nobility. Crest families almost always plan their births and families around one common element/season so they can amplify their magic together. It is a mark of power in their society.Qinyang is an absolute monarchy. There is a Fae ruler (like a Seelie King/Queen). Very harsh, cruel, and strict society, and very critical. No gender discrimination (goes to show how much I want it GONE) and no sexuality issue, though only opposite-sex couples were allowed to marry and have children, while the others could be together but couldn’t marry or adopt children.Relations with humans were frowned upon and often times such people were outcasts. Their children received no love on either side (represent for the biracial children!)
  Characteristics of Fae:

Pale skin; but it varies from season to season with Summerbournes having the tannest skin (still not as tan as Taehyung’s) and Winterbournes having the palest complexions.
Differently coloured hair along the lines of the seasons: blonde for summer, greenish for spring, orange for autumn and white/pale-blue for winter. Also, their eyes are coloured according to their seasons.
Sort of tall, willowy people, slim and very beautiful.
Taehyung is thus an anomaly because he has tanned skin and bright blue hair, and before he discovers his deep magic, common brown eyes. In fact, once his magic awakened, his eyes would be ringed a deep purple, but it’s not visible to the naked human eye (so Jeongguk never could see them).

  Brief Qinyang History:
I briefly touched upon this in the flashback/backstory chapter, but Qinyang is sooo fucking old my dudes. They had an ancient race with far more cruel practices; I’m calling them the Old Ways. They used humans actively as sport and were horrible. An uprising happened within, who grouped together to form the New Liege: a group of new thinking Fae who didn’t want to be as cruel and were okay with human settlements. They outlawed several ancient practices including the transformation curse/spell.
  Deep Magic:


Important: As explained in Taehyung’s story and the existence of his grandmother—there is something called Deep Magic which does not exist within the limits of seasonal-elemental magic. It is rare and often skips many generations; it is a sort of all-encompassing magic—Taehyung in the story can do just about anything. His magic reservoirs are bottomless, he can attempt any elemental magic and is also able to do magic which is frowned upon, including deep healing magic.
The colour of Deep Magic is purple. No special reason, just that I associate Taehyung with purple <3 so there.
Deep Magic is a gift and a tool. It can be used either way—in a good way (sometimes called Light Arts) and also in a bad way (thus called Dark Arts). The magic Taehyung specialises in over time: transformation magic, truth-revealing magic and phantom control—all fall within the Dark Arts as they seek to disturb the balance of nature. In contrast, healing magic (healing wounds, like Taehyung does for Jungkook) comes under Light Arts (as it is a good act). Deep Magic isn’t evil—it is a tool, and its user is the one that determines whether it’s used for good or for evil. In fact, the colour of light deep magic is a light-purple, while the dark one is often a deep dark purple.
Fun fact: Solar’s curse (cast by Taehyung) makes her a monster—the same horrible, tentacle whipping monster Jungkook first comes across when he reaches Taehyung’s island.
Taehyung’s grandmother is the second other person to have Deep Magic. She was a light magic user, but after Taehyung’s banishment turned towards the dark side so she could save him.

  Magic System/Rules:
All magic use has its own set of rules. As I wrote in the ending note, I borrowed a lot of ideas from the ones used in BBC’s Merlin. Some of these include:
Balance, balance, balance. This is the core of the magic in this universe; anything and everything happens to maintain balance. Homeostasis. Anything which disturbs this has a price to pay. It is harsh but it is also just.
Examples: Taehyung’s transformation magic cost Hoseok his life. Jungkook remembering the route to Taehyung’s island meant he had to forget someone else. Taehyung’s grandmother engaged in the dark arts (for revenge) in exchange for her immortality. Namjoon’s immortality is tied to Taehyung’s life force, which means if anything happens to either of them—both are affected. Etc.
It’s not always equitable, because magic is about energy. The amount of energy used to do a spell needs to be returned back to nature.
Smaller spells may be negligible but they have their own returns. They often go unnoticed. All magic users run out of energy from time to time; however, someone like Taehyung (and his grandmother) has nearly bottomless reserves and rarely get tired. The cost of this, however, is that Taehyung’s magic is affected by his emotions/mood which can interfere with a spell + make it worse.
Magic has loopholes, but the way around those loopholes are associated with higher costs.
You can’t use magic to bring someone back from the dead; that ruins the very nature of balance.
The deity the Fae worship is the Mother Goddess. She is sacred and promises made in her name have to be carried out, which is why when Jungkook makes the harsh promise to come back, Taehyung is worried. Though she is seen as female, she is formless, existing in the various aspects of nature.

  Downfall: The Human Conquests
The underlying theme and conflict of this story which is really subtle is the conflict between the human species and the magical. Once upon a time, the world was ruled by different kinds of magical species—the Fae being one of them. Humans were treated like the lowest form of life and looked down upon. As briefly explained by Taehyung’s grandmother, right after Taehyung’s banishment—she swore to avenge Taehyung and find a way to rescue him. She is the one who instigated humans + handed them the tools to defeat the magical and make better strategies. This took many years but eventually led to a historical event called: The Conquests. I guess it’s similar to the Crusades, just more about magical genocide.In the Conquests, the humans used trickery and methods which overpowered magic. However, like all terrible events in history: they became murderous and horrible. That’s what happens when power gets to one’s head. Anyway, once the conquest simmered down, there was a new system in place: a world run by humans, and the magical species nearly hunted down to extinction. The only refuge was Angye, specially crafted by Taehyung’s grandmother just for this purpose. Angye possesses immunity and no human has ever been able to conquer it or wage a war against it, and it remains mysteriously closed off to outsiders/tourists.~ So there you have it! Not all of it, but some of the world-building notes I came up with which helped me tremendously in the plotting of this story and refining the original structure. It helped me highlight the impact on character backgrounds + their values, and I just wanted to share a part of it with you guys. Hope it was enjoyable!
  
    Chapter Text
    
  |Thank You|
 Hello everyone! Welcome to the actual, final end of this saga that lasted 1.5 years. Writing this at last gives me so much joy and relief, considering how much I’ve been fantasising it. This letter serves as both a reflection and a closure for me, in a way saying my goodbyes to the story I poured so much of myself into. So here it goes.This story has been a labour of love for me. What is love in the end? (Funny, because this is the question that haunts Taehyung throughout). I don’t have a clue, but I think it’s something along the lines of both good and bad, and loving it anyway. I never thought I could love and hate something with so much passion at the same time and yet, life keeps finding ways to surprise me. I know— hating my work? It’s far more common in writer land, and no, it isn’t something regular like “ugh I hate how my writing is and I wish I could write better” (that isn’t an insecurity we writers will let go off anytime soon). I mean this in a way of finding so much about myself in writing this story that I had way too many mixed emotions about it throughout.I’m going to be honest. I don’t know who will read this post the epilogue but hey, whoever does— thank you in advance.I first plotted this story around August 2019, way before I began to even write it. It had to be the roughest plotting in the history of plotting but god, I was so excited to write it. I never thought I could come up with a legitimate idea for a Taekook pairing, and the inspiration was this one random post that had Jungkook in sailor-like clothes and Taehyung with blue hair, looking mystical and unreal. My mind immediately jumped to a fantasy story with Siren Taehyung and Explorer Jungkook.I was in the middle of a Namkook story then and kept the idea aside. Back then, I had developed this unhealthy pressure of working on only one story at a time to have some sort of “writing discipline”. I didn’t touch upon this idea until May 2020. By then, I had also written a Taegi fic as well.The reason I’m explaining this is— both the fics had done semi-well (at least for me), and I, high off this external validation, went full gusto on this new idea. I mean, what could go wrong, right? This fic had nearly every possible thing that could make it one of “those” fics on AO3, the ones which blow up overnight or whatever and end up becoming an elite part of the top fandom fics. It was a silly little fantasy but one I indulged in. I mean:

The fic was about Taekook, which is one of THE most popular ships in the fandom according to that Twitter account that does AO3 analyses.
It is fantasy, enemies to lovers, hate to love, and all that jazz. AND magic— seriously, what else does a story require?
 Turns out, I still don’t know the answer (lmao).This is where I come to the part about hating this fic; it started with so much hope and excitement, and overnight I felt these hopes crash. I expected too much right off the bat, perhaps a tad bit overconfident about my assessments—obviously, reality hit me like a truck skidding on the highway. I became obsessive about this story, trying to understand AO3 algorithms (without having a clue), and I spent so long mulling over what went wrong. Was the ship not popular anymore? Did I assume the trope wrong? Was slow burn not a fandom acceptable, or if it is, am I writing it so slow or so bad that people don’t give a shit? I was constantly beating myself up, feeling absolutely horrid about my writing, comparing myself to other authors, sometimes feeling mean and jealous and petty. I found my excitement for the story hit such a low I felt like giving up on the idea altogether. This feeling came and went over the next few months and it was hard to keep up my motivation to continue. The only reason I did is that I’m one stubborn fucker who wanted to honour the time it took to world-build for this story. I spent nearly a month prior to posting the first chapter researching and creating a fake fantasy world to set this story in, and I swore to myself that if nothing else— without kudos, comments, or even hits— I would see this story through for the sheer effort it took to imagine.And I’m glad I did. I think in the end that persistence and determination really got me out of the rut I had driven myself into and taught me SO MUCH about writing in general. Namely: stop fucking writing for *only* external validation! I learnt to write for MY sake, not a bunch of random kudos or comments (or lack of, thereof). It was easier said than done because goodness, that was so difficult for my brain to believe or accept. It was much easier to shit on myself, my effort and indulge in self-pity.I made this reflection in the Namkook fic as well. External validation does matter— I mean, considering that fanfiction is free and a labour of love one has for something in particular— a creator’s currency would be in the form of the audience’s approval or excitement, whichever. It’s an addictive thing, that interest in your work. I got a brief taste of it for the two works prior to CHTMH and thrived on the high I got, so I got too blinded by it and had the wrong goals for this story. A part of me regrets it but a part of me is grateful I had that wake up call.Writing this story taught me so much not just about writing but who I am as a writer. I entered this idea thinking I would leave it more learned as a fantasy writer and ended up with so much more. Sure the kudos and comments might be less (especially considering the 300k+ word-mark— INSANE even for me) — but the lessons are just—wow.I learnt to stop being hard on myself. I learnt to stop being rigid as a writer. There were days I was so irritated with this story that I wouldn’t write for months, but I MISSED writing so much. I learnt to get over it and take breaks from this fic, write something else (even a one-shot) so I could at least remain in touch with writing itself. I learnt to stop worrying so much about chapter word counts— something I’m still hesitant over but man, I wrote a whole 24k chapter (Taehyung’s backstory) and I have no shame after attempting that. I learnt to write for MYSELF— MY wish to see my story out of my head and MY love for the idea, characters, world building— it was thus an endeavour in returning to myself.And so— I both loved and hated this fic. Sometimes I wish I could have had this huge learning with some other story instead of such a brilliant one (which I’m more confident about now) but oh well. You win some, you lose some. Part of life. But I hope it serves as a reminder for any budding writer out there venturing into fanfic writing or struggling with any work of your own— this is NORMAL. It’s okay to want external rewards for the hard work you put in but it’s not okay to build your self-worth around it. Remember, your writing helps someone and even if it’s one person (and it doesn’t feel enough) — it IS. Your idea is great, some stuff is out of your control and no amount of self-criticism or chase for perfectionism is going to fix the situation. Believe me, I’ve driven myself in circles trying to figure it out and I still don’t know why. I will probably never know and this story which I had so much hope for might forever remain hidden amongst the vast reserves of AO3— and there’s nothing I can do about it but accept it with a grain of salt and carry on with a more humble spirit. This isn’t a plea by the way— none of that “hey please promote my fic/take pity on me” nonsense, this is just the truth I got a taste of in the process of this work. And I’m okay with it. Now that my philosophising is over— onward to fun stuff about the fic, my writing process, how it went and what all inspired me! This will be fun so seatbelts on! 
  About the Story:
As I wrote above, the first idea for this fic happened quite suddenly because of this picture of Taekook from Boy with Love era (and Taehyung’s magnificent blue hair). I can’t locate that picture but I plotted a very rough structure. It’s laughable now that I look at it. Fun fact: the document planning this entire thing (right down to plot plus world building notes) comes to an easy 50K :DI never thought it would pan out this way, that I would make it SO slow burn it hurt (and it did, my goodness, you guys have no idea). But I had to because when I really began to write it, so much was missing from it. I had NOTHING. No town name, no culture, no background information— this is when I flirted with the idea of creating a fake world. I didn’t want to make this story happen in the world as we know it, because it would have clashed with so many actual historical realities. And let me tell y’all— world-building (when done well) is one of the most fun and enriching activities ever! The entire process spanned across a whole month. I had zero idea about fantasy (beyond what I’d read IRL) and I felt so afraid. My perfectionism issues aside, I just wanted the story to make sense. I spent hours scouring through fantasy guidelines, conversing with other authors about their tips, fake town name generators and what not. Having a fake world helped hone my story because it added richness to the character backgrounds, their thoughts and values even if it wasn’t obvious. I think it was my favourite part of writing this story. And thank god I did, because if I hadn’t taken the effort I wouldn’t have stuck by this idea. 
  Inspirations for this Story:
 A couple of comments did make accurate guesses as to where I derived my inspiration from but I’ll (finally!) be able to talk about it here and confirm. As always, I don’t think there is an original story out there as much as it is a revision of a trope and how the writer interprets it/adapts it. I owe a lot of ideas of this story and its characters from books I’ve read over the years, some of which include:


Circe by Madeline Miller. An excellent book and reinterpretation of the famous sorceress from Greek Mythology. I read about her first in the Iliad by Homer and was surprised by this work. Being a huge fan of Greek mythology, it has made its way here. It’s also the reason why I made a fake world because I couldn’t find a Korean equivalent that would fit with my idea. Taehyung’s backstory reflects Circe’s own (according to Miller) — shunned, unloved, misunderstood and terrifyingly powerful. Circe was also imprisoned on an island as punishment and notoriously turned men into pigs (considering most were after her or almost raped her). It was the explorer Odysseus who outsmarted her and defeated her magic.

Calypso from Greek Mythology with regards to the way she was imprisoned on an island for the sins of her father (the Titan God, Atlas—also known as the dude who holds the sky). The Calypso in the original myths is lovelorn and desperate for Odysseus (and really, any prisoner) to love her, and he’s actually on that island for 7 years before she allows him to leave. I, however, chose Rick Riordan’s interpretation of her story: that the prisoner’s on Calypso’s island could leave so long as she fell in love with them. Calypso was cursed to fall in love with anyone that came but she would be left behind. As you can see, I reinterpreted that to form the basis of Taehyung’s curse: that Taehyung would have to fall in love with Jungkook in order for Jungkook to leave. The only barrier being the stone heart (a secondary curse).
Funnily enough, one of my friends pointed out how the stone heart thing sounds like the one in ACOTAR, a series by Sarah J Maas. Honest to god, I had no idea and had completely forgotten about it. Spoilers: yeah there’s a character in the series which has a stone heart preventing them from fully loving or whatever. It’s just a coincidence this worked out the way it did.
The part about Taehyung being allowed to leave his island only if Jungkook found his way back— inspired from when Leo Valdez returned to take Calypso back in Blood of Olympus (oops, spoiler? But the series is 7 years old man, I won’t apologise). The only way Taehyung could leave is if the person who he fell for returned, thus proving the love. I know, all very monogamous and romantic but fantasyyyyy. I love being a writer lmao I can do whatever the fuck I want.
 So there— all the little ways things I have read over the years merging into one little pot of romance and angst. 
  About the Curse:
I spent nearly ten chapters revealing the curse so painfully slow that I got confused myself. Yes, surprise, sometimes authors are not the geniuses they present to be. But anyway, for closure and ease of understanding, I’ve broken the curse down below:

There are two parts to it. 1. Leaving the island and 2. Breaking Taehyung’s curse of the stone heart. They’re overlapping each other.

Part 1: In order to leave the island, Taehyung has to fall in love with Jungkook. However, Taehyung can’t fall in love with Jungkook because his Curse of the Stone Heart exits, preventing him from truly developing feelings just enough that would set Jungkook free (he can feel some things but they’re not enough).
What is the Curse of the Stone Heart? Essentially, Taehyung’s heart has been cast into stone—not literally, of course, but the spell is strong enough to create an illusion. This stone prevents him from feeling most of his emotions (woke brain time: it is a metaphor for how sometimes trauma numbs feelings down in order to cope). The only way it can break is for someone to fall in love with the bearer, but it is notoriously difficult because the spell is just so strong.

Part 2: In order for his stone heart to break, Jungkook has to love Taehyung first. If these conditions are met, Taehyung’s heart will be free of the stone.

Part 3: This will allow Taehyung’s full feelings to manifest, thus breaking the island’s magic and permitting Jungkook to leave at last.

Part 4: However (lmao I love how I cockblock my own story, for lack of a better word), the island boundaries will only break for Jungkook (i.e. the captive of the island). Taehyung (the main prisoner of the banishment) cannot leave with Jungkook, as the island’s magic does not allow that.

Part 5: Which leads to Jungkook (or basically any person who manages to love Taehyung according to his grandmother’s notes) having to find his way back to Taehyung’s island again, in order to break the final hold of the banishment upon Taehyung.
The catch? The island is not anchored and does not have a location, which means it is not in the same place as it’s drifting and coming across different sea routes, and so—Jungkook (or whoever gets free) can’t find his way back again. He will also forget the route once he leaves.

Part 6: Taehyung has to remain behind on the island forever (as his banishment dictates), now able to feel fully but not being able to leave unless Jungkook comes back which HAHA.
You can see how complicated I made this; I nearly tore my hair out trying to reveal this in installments without spoiling too fast, and I cursed myself for making it so long gaaahh but isn’t that why they’re called curses? Because it sure got on my nerves J 
  About the Characters:
Continuing the honesty pledge, I had zero idea exactly what I wanted to do with my characters and what aim I wanted to meet with them. Usually I’ve noticed a pattern in my writing: either there is some serious character growth or there’s a lesson I want to reveal, or sometimes both. When I began plotting this story, I just wanted a cliché enemies-to-lovers romance novel without thinking too much. Lol, as if, considering the pace of this story. Anyway, I didn’t know half the time, until the very end really, what I wanted to say through the characters, so here it goes.
   

  Taehyung:
I know I started this story with Jungkook and ended it with him but to me, Taehyung is the MVP of the story for a variety of reasons. I think writing him was my favourite part about this entire thing even if he didn’t have that much voice, compared to Jungkook. When I first read Circe, I was so touched not by the story itself but the way Miller interpreted the pain of a commonly known Greek villain into something that made my heart ache for her. The idea that even the worst of people have their reasons, their righteousness, and their pain hit me, a refreshing take in a world otherwise full of 2D heroes with no flaws and some bullshit good-versus-evil narrative. When I first plotted it, I didn’t have Taehyung’s backstory in mind—just imagined an all-powerful witch Taehyung who is misunderstood, and it became about that, I suppose. Taehyung isn’t flawless. In fact, his actions are downright horrid and no amount of pain or trauma is an excuse to mistreat others or inflict abuse upon them. I know throughout this story that may have come across, in a “please pity Taehyung uwu he didn’t know”—no, he did. He’s well aware that he made fucked up immoral choices, took people’s lives and played with them for petty revenge and his own unhealed pain. Yes, he didn’t deserve his trauma and yes, you as a reader (and me as a writer) can empathise with his past. I really do. I teared up so much when I actually wrote down the chapter of his backstory because god, no one should have to go through so much pain and neglect, especially a child. But what I wanted to portray was—Taehyung always had a choice. He could have chosen to be benevolent or kind, maybe choose to do better by giving more into the world rather than being so misguided by his anger. However, just because he did terrible acts does not mean he’s incapable of changing or making new choices after the old ones (when Jungkook tells him how wrong it was of the Fae to “take away his ability to love better”). That’s my lesson and my reflection. Yes, he made mistakes and he can improve himself any time. And more than that, that choice to be good or do good exists in all of us, even the ones with the most traumatic fucked up stories because we all have self-worth. Even villains genuinely believe what they’re doing is good because surprise: being good is subjective!I suppose a part of me related to Taehyung. I used to be a bitter, pessimistic person with loathing for the world and felt justified in my anger against it; I had the fortune of entering my college and making friends who provided me with so much unconditional love that I took the leap of faith to let my inner self out. I think love and care of any kind can truly save people or at least allow them to unleash their authentic self. Mind you, this isn’t just a “romantic love only can save people”; it was the fact that Jungkook chose to see Taehyung beyond the perception of him as a fearsome monster. He saw Taehyung as hurt, a product of his terrible traumatic past which he unleashed on everyone else, including Jungkook. It doesn’t make Taehyung’s actions right but it does explain them, and Jungkook chose to push with that and see beyond. Like Taehyung’s grandmother asks him to “see beneath” the surface. 
  Jungkook:
I’m surprised how little thoughts I have about Jungkook considering he is the one who holds the most voice in this story and is the main narrator. Goes to show how narrators aren’t always the shit. Moving on—Jungkook to me was an explorer, and yes, he played a key role in Taehyung’s “transformation”. For starters—he wasn’t written the way I typically write Jungkook (who is usually an anxious little bean). In fact, it was downright annoying sometimes to project that sense of curiosity, hope and naivety, and his playfulness. But I think what I wanted to show through him was that it’s alright to have characters without any major trauma in their life. Yes, these people exist. Yes, most people have some difficult moments in their lives and their own pains and aches, and they can also have otherwise healthy upbringings. Jungkook was loved, cared for and adored—nearly an opposite to Taehyung, in a way. It doesn’t mean he was better off—he carried his own pain. For example, as the beginning of the story saw, how the pressure to keep being the achiever he was clashed with his lifelong dream, how people turned their back towards him while berating him and even questioning him.Jungkook at the start was reckless, competitive and a bit selfish—many readers have made this reflection. And it’s true. He was a brat, spoilt and stubborn, and prone to having a big head about his abilities. But what he wasn’t was cruel. Jungkook inherently was a good person and a kind man; he always cared even in his otherwise childish pursuits. He cared for his parents, for Jimin, for Yoongi and Seokjin; and he tried hard to be good. And I think that came forth in his journey with Taehyung. I believe his penchant for kindness saved Taehyung, though I would say it was Taehyung who saved himself in the end (by accepting Jungkook’s goodness. Remember kids, it’s always a choice). Something as simple as asking for Taehyung’s name started a chain—and it goes to show how the little moments aren’t always so little. Butterfly effect and all that jazz.In the end, Jungkook matured, became more responsible and thought more for the other side. He empathised more, and his true values showed up even louder. Rest assured, Jungkook has always been confident in being loved. He didn’t think it was a scarce resource and shared it with his whole heart—and that was enough. I think we’ve all had people like Jungkook in our lives or even been like him—gone out of our way for our friends, stayed when they felt alone, made a damn difference even if we didn’t realise it ourselves. What does Jungkook teach me or anyone? I guess being kind. Sharing love, and respecting people. Being determined in the face of adversity and persisting anyway. Hey, it made me stick to this story when I had quite nearly given up. About the other Characters:The story was largely about Jungkook and Taehyung’s journey, but the other characters played a key role. I haven’t directly talked about them except as backstories or references, maybe in character monologues—but they were important. On Jungkook’s side, Jimin, Yoongi and Seokjin each played their role in Jungkook’s life.I cried a bucket when I chose Jimin to be the cost of Jungkook remembering the way back to Taehyung’s island. How tragic is it to first let your best friend and brother-in-arms go on his adventure, which lasts nearly two years—time which would make anyone think Jungkook had died—only for him to come back, and lose him again—without even knowing. I did Jimin dirty, I know. He not only lost his parents to the sea but also his friend figuratively and it honest to god hurt. Jimin deserved better.Yoongi and Seokjin—oof, I am tempted to write a spinoff one-shot of their story. I’m a sucker for Yoonjin, and an even bigger sucker for them being pseudo parents to Jungkook. Their story was actually really plain, but some of the readers came up with such brilliant theories I decided to incorporate them, so thank you <3. Maybe we’ll see them soon in their own spin-off :DOn Taehyung’s end: Hoseok and Namjoon. Namjoon was one of the few “friends” Taehyung had, even if they really were just library buddies, but he was a ray of sunshine in young Taehyung’s life. Just like my baby deserves <3 plus Vmon friendship five-ever. And Hoseok—oof, I didn’t even realise I included MCD without including it, but yeah. Hoseok was…a convenient “bad” figure in Taehyung’s past, but honestly, he was not. He was a broken boy himself and while initially I had made him a horrible guy, my bleeding heart couldn’t bear it. The transformation spell backfired, given that Taehyung was new to magic and angry when he cast it, and absolutely untested. I know one can see Hoseok as a toxic figure but honestly, he just had the bad luck of stumbling upon Taehyung and then using him as an escape from his own traumatic family—which he ended up paying for with his life. Goodness, this story is one tragedy after another. 
  Point of the Story:
This story is about love in all its forms and how we all deserve to be cherished. Whether it is platonic or romantic, we wish to be seen, heard and understood. This is a normal human need and nothing to be ashamed of, and I will scream this from all the rooftops in the world. We are human. We need love and care to survive. It’s not neediness or clinginess. When I say love, I don’t mean the hyper-romanticised version fed to us through media. I know this story caters to parts of it, but what I really want to convey is care. That kind of love can save souls. To let someone know that we’ve done shitty things to protect ourselves and taken in some toxic traits but that when we are in a good, safe place— we CAN improve. I don’t know how many of you have seen the sitcom “The Good Place” but this is one of the underlying messages of the show— how can we expect people to be or do good when they don’t have adequate safety and love around to fall back on? And I agree. As Jungkook echoes several times in the story, Taehyung hadn’t been taught to do better. He grew up in a toxic society where people genuinely hated his guts for reasons beyond his control; his own family was flaming piles of poo. And worst—his right to improve or love was taken away from him through a curse. Of course, he did what he could out of a misguided attempt to protect himself always, to make sure he would never hurt again. This story is an excellent metaphor for trauma and its life-long impact on an individual. I’m a psychotherapist, obviously, I’m going to make it about my subject lmao. 
  Final Notes
And the slow burn— god damn, even for me this was nuts. As a writer, I’m obsessed with details— not to spoon-feed the reader because y’all are smart and here for a good time, but to satisfy myself and my inability to handle plot holes. As a reader, I get so upset when I notice such obvious plot holes, and I can’t help but keep trying to rationalise them. Because of this I often find myself with long word counts, and I know I’ve addressed this so, so many times before in ANs but long word counts freak me out. I have this niggling doubt that readers would hate it even though as a reader I LOVE huge word counts! But I don’t think it’ll be an issue anymore because damn this story tackled this fear head-on. I still think that I might have provided unnecessary details in certain places, and if ever edit this story (which will be much later) I will find a way to reduce the words or make it more concise.Which gets me here: the thank you note. I know I’ve expressed it in comments and ANs but I need to be more eloquent about it. Thank you for being patient with this story and waiting for me to finish it. For keeping up with it inspite of the slow pace. Over the course of this story, I’ve recognised some of your usernames and I’m grateful I do. To the new readers— thank you for taking up the mammoth task to read all 200K+ words of this. Like, wow. I’ve come across comments going like “it took me X days but I’m finally here” and I’m in awe. Like you guys did that? I love that. You inspire me, truly.To the readers who were probably shy to comment on ao3 but reached out through Twitter, thank you. And to the ones who left their kudos or bookmarked this fic— man, I’m grateful for every little bit. It has taught me both a lot about being a writer and a reader, and all of you matter to my little heart.  Keeping that in mind— I think I’ve sufficiently expressed my feelings about this story. Thank you once again, and thank you for reading till the end. Love,Sangria (memeingfully_slytherin) 
  