
    Chapter Text
    
  
 “Come on, it’s all fake psychic crap, you’re throwing away five bucks for nothing. Guy’s probably going say your chakras need aligning or something”“It’s just a little fun! And you spent, like, twice that on the burlesque show!”“Yeah, and I got to see something good! This is just wasting money on some feel-good voodoo crap!”“What, so my interests aren’t important?!”Bucky kept the polite smile on his face while the couple argued in front of him. He was used to skeptics insulting him, and he didn’t particularly care that they did. For the most part they were right to doubt.Whether he got this customer or not didn’t matter, there were hundreds more people wandering around the carnival who might take interest in Bucky’s tarot reading- he always got a good haul on weekends- but their raised voices were starting to scare people away from his tent.“You can actually get a lot of value from a reading,” he interrupted, keeping his voice amiable and his smile polite, “Whether you believe or not, the cards can highlight areas of introspection, or bring to light solutions you hadn’t consciously considered” he said, running through the usual spiel.In all honesty, there was nothing more he wanted than to grab the woman’s shoulders and yell He’s right! It’s all fake, get outta here! just to make them leave, but for many reasons he couldn’t. If he pretended really hard, he could say the main reason was his employment. His boss wasn’t paying for a fortune teller that discouraged customers.Speaking of, he could see the boyfriend wasn’t interested in eating that line, so he fell on the other reason Fury had hired him over the standard tellers.“But if it’s entertainment you’re looking for…” he added, making his smile turn coy.Bucky took the tarot deck in his right hand and set it into an accordion shuffle, transferring the cards to his left in one fluid move that sent them flying across the two foot gap.“Oh!” the woman exclaimed, eyes alight at the trick.He usually added a little flourish to his shuffling, the result of years with nothing but the cards as company, and it paid off in his work. Of course, he wouldn’t pull out the works until they actually paid for a reading, but the little trick gave them a taste.Her boyfriend scoffed. “Whatever, go ahead and waste your time with this fairy’s card game, I’m gonna check out the freak show. Find me when you’re done”“Jesus, you fucking ass” she hissed as he left, then turned apologetically to Bucky. “I’m so sorry about him”Bucky gave her a tight smile. “It’s fine. You wanted a reading then?”She returned his smile excitedly, “Oh my god, yes”She handed over the five dollars and took a seat across from him, the little table between them spacious enough to lay the cards on. The tent’s ceiling hung low with soft electric lanterns, and at night it gave the impression of mystery. Unfortunately, the effect was ruined by the early afternoon sunlight shining in from the open flap.The tent was draped in purples and reds, and little tapestries hung down with occult symbols Bucky didn’t know the meaning of. All of it was for show, as was his appearance.He wore a wine-red shawl over top his everyday clothes, the huge swatch of fabric covering enough of his shirt that he could get away with near anything as long as the neck was deep. He sat for all his readings, and the large tablecloth hid his legs entirely, giving him complete freedom of pants.The jewelry he wore was all cheap, but it created the mystical effect his boss was looking for, from the little bands on each arm to the multitude of necklaces that hung down to the middle of his chest. Not even his hair was safe with the gold chains that bedecked his head like a flaccid crown.The last touches to his look was the makeup and polish: concealer and blush to hide imperfections, a little gold eyeliner for flair, and a bright red on his nails to better draw people’s eyes as handled the cards.It all made him look like the cheap, magical attraction he was- but that was part of the job too. Half the attractions were meant to be tacky, and the other half sleazy and scandalous. It was a gritty circus reminiscent of the early carnivals, with things for both children and adults- especially adults, if the burlesque shows’ popularity were anything to judge by.“What are you looking for?” Bucky asked his current customer, starting up his shuffle. He warmed up with a series of accordion shuffled, sending the cards back and forth between his hands.“Like, what I want to see in my future?” she asked, eyes following where his hands directed.“If it’s the future you want to see, then sure. The cards answer questions; you can ask about the future, or the solution to a problem you’re having. You can ask about the past too, learn something you didn’t know” he said, and then cut the deck in three, flipping one of the cuts in the air while he ruffled the other two together, then cut them again and caught the third between them.Her eyes were caught on the deck as he worked the cards. “I can ask anything?”He pulled a card from the middle of the deck and flicked it behind his head. It flew in an arch that followed the path of his shoulder, and he caught it back into the top of the deck with his other hand. The woman’s eyes followed the movement raptly.“Most anything. Some things the cards can’t answer, but I’ll tell you that and we can try another question. It helps if you keep your question specific” he said, then cut the deck in three again, making each cut dance between his fingers.“And you can read the answer?”Bucky nodded. “The cards give an answer, and I interpret them to you. Sometimes it’s vague and you may need to pull meaning from your own perspective, but sometimes its exact… It’s very exact” he said pointedly. It was the best warning he could give that wouldn’t scare people, or make them immediately think he was crazy.He cut the deck in two and did a basic ruffle, then cut it into four and made them dance between his fingers again. He flared them out like four flower petals before merging them all into one. Then he set the deck face-down in the middle of the table.The back of the cards were all marked with the same decal. A deep, heavy black with a single red star at the center. Everyone always said the colour was off-putting, though nobody could ever say why.Bucky knew why.But he had a job to do.“Ask your question, then touch the top card of the deck. Take your hand away after that. Do. Not. Draw the card” he instructed, putting particular warning on the last part.Her mouth screwed in a considering look, tilting her head from side to side as she thought. She glanced back at the tent’s opening and Bucky missed her expression, but her question didn’t surprise him.“Should I break up with Jason?” she asked.Bucky suppressed a huff. He could’ve answered that. Unfortunately, she’d asked if she ‘should’ break up with him. The tarot didn’t give opinions, but it could point her in the direction of an answer.He felt the familiar tug at his wrists, loose but commanding, as it was in most cases. He picked up the deck and turned the first card over.Ace of Cup, inverted. No kidding, he thought sardonically.“You’re facing issues with instability in your relationship” he said.He pulled the next card.Two of Cups, inverted. “The issue is caused from tension and broken communication” Great, thanks. He’d seen that play out first-hand. He pulled the third card.Three of Cups. She will need the aid of friendship to overcome the problem. Huh.“You got a lot of friends?” he asked.“I used to, but Jason takes a lot of my time, so I like, sorta stopped seeing them”Oh honey, that’s a red flag, Bucky thought sadly. “You should get in touch with them” was all he said, then flipped the next card.He blinked. Was this serious? He let the one-two-three of cups slide, but this was getting ridiculous. He went ahead and drew the next card as well, then hid his exasperation. Even the deck knew this was a basic problem.Four of Cups. She will need to contemplate her relationship to come to the answer.Five of Cups, inverted. She will struggle to accept the answer she finds.Bucky looked down at the cards, taking in the one-to-five progression.“What’s it say?”“They say you need to assess your relationship with him to find your answer. You’re gonna have some difficulty, but your friends can help”“Oh” she said, another contemplative look on her face. “But I haven’t spoken to them in like, forever…” she muttered.Bucky gave her a sympathetic smile. “I’m sure they’ll be happy to hear from you” And happy to tell you to dump his ass.“The cards say that?”There was a tug at his wrist, chastising him. “No, that was just my… intuition. You look like you keep good friends”“Oh my god, thank you” she said with a giggle, smiling bashfully.Another tug at his wrist. His last warning.“One more card,” Bucky said, his smile a little tighter, “Last one, this’ll tell you the outcome of these actions”He pulled the last card and flipped it, and the woman gasped in shock. “I’m going to die?!”Bucky kept himself from rolling his eyes. Every time…The last card bore a skeleton in red robes, a sickle held loosely in hand, and the words DEATH at the bottom.“No, the Death arcana isn’t literal. This is one of the best card you could’ve gotten” he assured.“What, so is, like, Jason going to die?”Bucky didn’t point out that seeing Jason’s death as the positive outcome spoke volumes of what choice she should make, but that wasn’t his place.“Death is the end of a cycle and transformation. You’ll see a great change in your life and a fresh start. This is a card of opportunity”“Huh…” was all she said, and Bucky took the time to collect the cards. He pretended to be occupied shuffling the deck to give her a moment.“You’re really good at, like, that shuffling stuff” she noted.“Thank you. Is there more mystery in your life you wish to shed light on?” Bucky asked, professional again and falling back to his script.“No thanks, you like, kinda said some stuff I gotta think about” she said as she got up. She waved a goodbye and left, not quite as excited as she’d been at the start.Bucky cut the deck and mindlessly flipped the halves between his fingers, leaning back in his chair. Not a bad reading, given the subject.He kept absently shuffling and practicing tricks, waiting for his next customer while watching people walk by, a few glancing at his tent but never coming closer. He’d get another soon enough though, business was steady at about a customer every fifteen minutes during peak hours.It wasn’t great money on its own, but that was the benefit of the communal income method the carnival used- at the end of the day everyone pooled their earning together and split it evenly. It helped workers like him who didn’t see much traffic, but whose collective presence would draw more people for the bigger events.This was the perfect job for Bucky, in more ways than one. His situation meant he couldn’t work regular jobs for long, but the fortune telling tent did away with that barrier. It was the best he would get out of life, and he was incredibly grateful for it.His attention pulled back to the present as, right on cue, someone entered his tent. He put on another smile and twirled the cut deck in his hands once more. He started his usual greeting, making his voice sultry to better sell the gimmick.“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and fate. What answers do you seek?”The man’s eyes traveled around the room. “This psychic stuff is all fake, you know that right?”Bucky kept his smile up, unfazed. Today was a big day for amateur mythbusters it seemed. He braced himself and started on his usual script.“You can actually get a lot of value from a reading…”  “Gnnuh, what is it about the people in this town and thinking they need to personally debunk psychics?” Bucky groaned, flopping backwards onto the narrow couch.“You get another self-righteous doubter?” Clint asked as he applied face paint in front of the mirror in their shared dressing space.“I got six. Why? What satisfaction do they think they’re gonna get from it? Like, good job, you paid five dollars to ignore my fortunes and say I’m wrong”“I mean, it’s money though”“It’s exhausting”Clint chuckled as he finished painting his face white. “Hey man, cheap shows get cheap crowds”“Yeah, cheap I can handle. Give me the drunk and horny any day, but by god keep away the holier-than-thou”“Do the drunk and horny even ask good questions?”“Sometimes. Once a guy asked if his dick would get bigger” he muttered, then looked to Clint and furrowed his brow.“Are you giving yourself purple raccoon eyes?”“Yeah, T’Challa’s got a sore throat so he can’t shout. I’m filling in for the big cats show”“As what, Skeletor?”“No. I’m going for hobo clown”“Jesus, go to Natasha’s trailer and get it done properly, you look terrible”“That’s the point though”“Yeah, when done right. You’ve overshot right into scary clown territory”“I have not” Clint scoffed, then assessed himself in the mirror. There was a beat, then he swore and pulled out a wet wipe to clean his work off his face.“Go see Natasha, Skeletor” Bucky said again.“Myah!” Clint cheekily retorted.Bucky sighed and let his head fall back to the couch cushion. Arguing with skeptics really took it out of him. He’d taken his break early, closing the tent and slinking back to the trailer he shared with Clint.The two of them got along well, and Clint was incredibly patient whenever Bucky asked to do a reading on him ‘for practice’. At this point Bucky had seen nearly every trajectory Clint’s life could take and helped him avoid innumerable minor disasters- not that Clint was aware of it.Clint didn’t believe any of Bucky’s taromancy, but he was polite and didn’t act like an asshole about it, as was the common courtesy among carnival workers. Similarly, nobody called bullshit when Scott claimed he spoke to his ants, or when Susan said her skin naturally turned invisible without any tricks.For all Bucky knew, those actually could be true. He was in no place to judge.“Hey, you want me to grab you anything when I’m done? I’m gonna swing by the corn dog cart for supper”“You know the reason people eat that is because it only shows up once a year for them? You’re not supposed to eat that shit regularly”“And yet I do” Clint preened like it was a point of pride.“You’re disgusting. Go see Natasha and tell her your food plans so she can stop you” Bucky said as he shooed him off. He heard Clint’s laughter slowly disappear as he went to Natasha’s trailer.Now that the dressing space was clear, Bucky debated removing his own makeup. He’d have to reapply it at the end of his break, but the freedom was probably worth it. He’d already shucked off all the jewelry and shawl.“Ah, fuck it” he muttered, and got up to grab the makeup wipes.With his face clean, he pulled his hair into a ponytail, threw on a hoodie, and tucked his cards into the hoodie’s pouch at the stomach. He hit the private employee mess first to grab a quick meal, and then he was melting in with the rest of the carnival goers as he walked the grounds.The sun was starting to get low and it would be dark soon. This was the last hour before the really young children were taken home, and then the older kids would slowly trickle out until it was late enough for the real adult entertainment to start.He paused at the freak show and waved to a few of his fellow performers; Sharon the ‘mermaid’ in her tank with the shiny tail that took thirty minutes to squeeze into, Morita the ‘half-man’ who used a mirror box to appear like his body ended under his ribs, and Hope the ‘wasp’ who had a beard of bees crawling on her face.A lot of the ‘freaks’ were more gimmick than anything; a lot of costumes and illusions, with maybe some performance thrown in if the crowd was paying well.He stopped again at the ‘big cat’ show to watch Clint, being careful to stand back from the gathered crowd. He was relieved to see actual clown makeup on him, courtesy of Natasha, and the small audience of kids were absolutely eating it up.“Get ready for the mightiest cat of the savanna! The fiercest predator in the Serengeti! The one! The only! THE KING OF THE JUNGLE!” he shouted, and the ‘King of the Jungle’ leaped out from behind a fake bush onto the wooden platform at Clint’s side.The crowd burst into shrieks and giggles, and several children yelled out delightfully “That’s not a lion! That’s a dog!”Clint put on an exaggerated look of panic and covered the dog’s ears. “Well don’t tell him that!” he cried, earning more laughs and shrieking giggles.The dog was having a blast, smiling wide with his tail wagging at lightning speeds, unbothered by the fake lion mane hanging loosely around his head.Clint took his hands away from the dog’s ears and pulled out a large hoop. “The majestic lion- who is definitely a lion- is very smart, and he’s learned so many tricks that he wants to share with you all! What do you say, wanna see the mighty lion’s tricks?”“YEAH!!!” the kids yelled in unison.Bucky smiled, watching as Clint tried and failed to get the ‘lion’ to jump through the hoop, resorting to showing the lion how it was done. The culmination of which was Clint being ‘fooled’ into doing all the tricks, including jumping through the hoop that the dog held in his mouth, doing several flips, roaring, and a variety of others.Usually T’Challa didn’t milk this bit so much, but Clint was a better acrobat than ringmaster, and he played to his strengths.Bucky left him to it, moving on past the other acts like the swords sallower and the stilt walkers. Every one of these acts had at least three different people who could do the same thing, allowing for shift changes that left the performances running all day. Bucky was the only tarot reader however, and he worked nearly all day on weekends. Fury wasn’t a monster though, and Bucky was given a lot of leniency with his breaks.Walking around helped clear his head of the frustration that the know-it-all customers had been, and he let himself enjoy being around people. The itch to offer a reading sat at the back of his mind as it always did, but it was well and thoroughly scratched at this point. He was free to ignore it.He was enjoying the sight of the knife throwers chucking daggers at volunteers when he felt something grip his leg tightly at the knee. He looked down and froze, seeing a small child hugging his leg and looking up at him with an equal amount of panic.Bucky’s mind honed in on her hands and how close they were, how she could reach up for his pouch and get the cards inside. Fear paralyzed him, and his thoughts went blank. With nothing to distract him, the earlier itch he’d been ignoring came roaring in his mind like a mantra of read her fortune read her fortune read her fortune-“Mona!” a voice called worriedly. The child, Mona, leg go of his leg, and a moment later she was scooped up into someone’s arms.“Mona! Don’t run off like that, you had everyone worried” a man spoke, hoisting her against his side. Bucky’s heart was rabbiting, still caught in terror at how close she’d been. Both his hands dove into the hoodie’s pouch and gripped the deck, assuring him only he was touching it.A child had touched him, had gotten close, far too close- nearly a hairsbreadth from the cards. She was away and still the urge echoed to read her fortune read her fortune-The man pulled a phone from his pocket a dialed someone, which brought Bucky’s attention to him. Bucky focused on the man, needing something else to take his attention away from his spiraling thoughts and the growing need, and suddenly his breath caught.
  Wow.
The itch disappeared as something inside Bucky stirred. It might’ve been his dick.This guy was just… wow. Tall, blond and handsome, he was built like an athlete who could snap Bucky in half. He held the girl up with one arm while he made the call, showing off his muscled arms in the form-fitting shirt he wore.“Sam? Hi, yeah, I found her. We’re near the knife throwers. I don’t… I’m not sure which direction that’s in”Bucky should’ve left- should’ve turn and walked away right then- but something about this man had him rooted in place, and it wasn’t fear this time. “Uh, I work here, I can, help?” Bucky offered stiltedly before he could think better of it.“Really? Yes, please. Thank you” the man said in relief, then into the phone “No, I was talking to a carnival worker, he says he can help”Bucky nodded. Right, yes. Lost people were easy to handle. He’d given directions before. “You need directions to your friend or your friend to here?” he asked.The man handed him the phone, surprising Bucky. “Would you mind? I don’t wanna get lost with her” he said, indicating the girl in his arm and shrugging sheepishly. Dear god, he was adorable too. He was probably staring at the guy like a creep.“Yeah, sure” Bucky said, and he took the phone before he made a bigger fool of himself.“Hi, this is James” he said into the phone, turning so handsome guy wasn’t directly in his line of sight, “Can you tell me where you are? I’ll walk you through the grounds”“Hey man, thank you so much. I’m at the fire breathers”“Is it a tall man or a tattooed woman?” Bucky asked. Johnny worked by the front while Pepper kept close to wherever Tony set up his machines, which could be anywhere.“Uh, tall man”Bucky mentally mapped the attractions nearby and how to best describe the route. “Alright, there should be a corn dog stand to your left, start walking in that direction until you hit the snake whisperer…”Bucky kept giving directions until handsome guy was suddenly waving, and he looked over to see a man and woman rushing over. The man was holding a phone that he hung up, ending the call on Bucky’s end. That must’ve been Sam then.“Mona baby, oh, let me see you” the woman said urgently, taking the girl from the handsome guy’s arms.“She’s fine, I think she just got turned around” the handsome guy said, letting her go easily.“Hey man, thanks again for your help” Sam said, holding a hand out. Bucky returned the shake, and he saw Sam’s eyes briefly look at his hand, his painted nails doing their job of catching people’s eye.“It’s no trouble, people get turned around all the time, it’s part of our job to help” Bucky smiled.“Well thank you anyway” the woman said, hugging her child closely. “Michelle” she said, shifting her hold on Mona to offer her hand as well. Bucky shook it, giving his name again “James”Handsome guy got in on the act and offered his hand as well. “Steve” he said, and Bucky shook his hand too. He felt an imagined shiver go up his arm at the touch. Wow, this guy was even more handsome up close. Was Bucky drooling? He hoped not.“Hey, you do any acts?” Michelle asked suddenly, her eyes briefly caught on his nails. “We can check you out tomorrow, throw an extra tip your way”“Oh, well, I would, but…” he looked over to Mona and hesitated. For reasons obvious from his earlier panic, he had a large sign saying No Children at his tent. He didn’t want to snub these people, but he couldn’t exactly invite them all.“My act’s adults-only. Can’t really have children there…”“Oh… oh!” Michelle said, then snickered. “That’s fine, I’m sure these two would enjoy the show anyway” she laughed, earning a scoff from Sam and making Steve blush-?Oh. They thought he was part of the burlesque shows. That was certainly easier to let them assume than explain why he couldn’t have kids at a tarot reading. “Sure” was all Bucky said, smiling politely.“Well thank you again, but we should be going, it’s getting close to this little lemur’s supper time, and they don’t sell proper meals here, do they?” Michelle said the last bit in a goofy voice, giving Mona little bunny kisses with her nose and getting the quiet girl to laugh.“Yeah, I won’t hold you up. I need to get ready anyway, my break’s ending soon” Bucky said, already stepping away.“It was nice to meet you!” Michelle called as he walked away, the two men echoing the sentiment.Their words melted into the clamor of the carnival, and Bucky had a moment of regret for not telling them about his tent despite it being better that he hadn’t.He swung by the big cat show again on his way back, seeing Clint still going at it but close to wrapping up. He had the whole cast out now, all six dogs in their different costumes posing with the children, their parents taking pictures. Clint had his hat out for collections, turning on the charm to get as much as he could in tips, and doing a good job of it too. Bucky smiled and moved on.He had both hands in his hoodie pouch the entire way back, careful to keep the deck secure as he astutely kept away from children. He wasn’t always so paranoid with the cards, but he’d been shaken earlier and couldn’t bear the thought of risking it. She’d been so close, and he hadn’t been paying attention until then.What had he been thinking, keeping the cards in the loose pouch of a hoodie? He always, always, kept them in a pocket, usually in his pants or the inside of his coat- but slips happened, and it was slips like these that terrified him.It was a relief when he got back to his trailer, and he put his back to the door, letting himself slide down to the floor and collect himself.He pulled the cards out of hoodie and started shuffling them, the action soothing and familiar, until his mind became centered again and he could actually think.He glanced over to the dressing space and sighed, knowing he’d have to apply all his makeup again. The walk had successfully cleared his head of irritating customers- but at the cost of his anxiety with children.Whatever, his tent had the sign. He’d be fine as long as he stayed inside, and the carnival would be transitioning to adult-only in a few hours. Then the only children on the grounds would be teenagers, and they’d be too busy trying to sneak into the burlesque to come by his tent.Bucky got up from the floor and approached the mirror. He set the deck on the vanity where he could keep an eye on it and picked up his foundation brush.Time to get back to work.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Sooooooo…” Michelle needled, poking Steve’s side.“Sooo…?” he answered, unsure what she was going for.“So are you going to see his show? Check out some hot man-action?”“I swear I can’t take my friends anywhere with you” Sam griped, walking behind them with his niece in his arms.Steve felt his face heat and he rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s… not really my thing”“Come on, I saw you undressing the guy with your eyes, why not see it in real life too?”“Mish! For fu- uh, for fudge sake, lay off the guy” Sam hissed.“What? You say he’s been dry lately, and Lord knows there ain’t no male strip clubs in this town to wet ourselves in”“Jesus, jesus, I can’t tell you anything” Sam said, turning forlornly to Steve. “I’m so sorry”Steve waved him off awkwardly. “It’s fine, not like it isn’t true” he mumbled, glancing at the passing attractions while they walked. Their town didn’t exactly cater to lgbtq community- sometimes it felt like it didn’t even have a community with how poor Steve’s dating pool was.Not that he put in much effort. The bars were all the same, and he didn’t drink anyway; none of the movies at the theater suited his taste; and beside the little art gallery in town, there were no places of interest for him. All that paired with working from home meant he just didn’t go out- but when he did, it was with Sam and Riley for a very tame boys night at their house.He’d tried online, but again there was the issue of location. According to the three dating apps he was on, there was a sum total of seven men in his region to choose from.“So you’re gonna check out the show, right?” Michelle asked, waggling her eyebrows suggestively.“I… maybe. But not today”“Well duh, we carpooled. Me and Mona ain’t gonna be sitting around waiting for you two to finish ogling the pretty men”“Mish, seriously? In front of your child?” Sam asked, looking pained.“Mona gets it, don’t you lemur?”Mona nodded, “Pitty men”“Atta girl”“I fear for you sometimes” Sam said, shaking his head.Michelle only laughed. Steve chuckled with her, but his mind wandered as he caught sight of the huge burlesque tent.He hadn’t been kidding earlier- live-shows intimidated him. He’d never even been to see a musical, never mind a burlesque show. How far would they disrobe? What was the audience etiquette? He could leave if it got uncomfortable, couldn’t he?“Oooh, you’re thinking about it” Michelle grinned.“I’m considerin’” Steve muttered, quickly looking away from the tent. He felt his cheeks heat again.“Do it! Do it!” she goaded, and kept goading all the way to the car. She even roped little Mona into it, with Sam’s weak attempts to stop them peppered between.“Steve, come on. At least go at night when all the freaky stuff comes out. You don’t even have to see the show”Steve sat on the fence of indecision. “I can’t just go by myself” he tried, and that was true enough.“And you won’t! Sam’ll take you”Sam leaned up from where he’d strapped Mona into her car seat. “I’ll do what now?”“You’re gonna take Steve to the burlesque show tomorrow. Ooh, you can take Riley too! Make is a couple’s outing”“There an option two in that sentence?” Sam asked as he screwed his face.“You and Riley can babysit Mona, and I’ll take Steve” she said with a devilish grin.Steve shot Sam a panicked look. Michelle was great, but Sam’s sister could be… a lot. Maybe too much for a burlesque show.Sam sucked on his teeth in consideration, eyes cutting between Steve and his sister. He hummed unhappily. “You’re a menace” he said, pointing a finger at Michelle before getting into the car.“That’s a yes!” Michelle beamed.Steve chuckled at their ribbing, trying not to let his nerves show too much. He still had time to back out if he wanted- hell, he and Sam could easily stay in at his place and watch a movie, Michelle none the wiser.Then he thought of that shy smile and gentle voice, and the gorgeous man they belonged to. James. Something about him had sparked an interest Steve hadn’t felt in a while. The large hoodie he’d been wearing hid the shape of his body, but Steve had caught the impression that he was lithe and slender underneath, and the thought of seeing that confirmed was sorely tempting.Maybe it wouldn’t hurt to check out? 
 Bucky groaned and stretched his arms above his head, trying to work out the kinks in his shoulders. Today had been a day, and he was so close to finishing. It was one in the morning and the last acts were just coming to a close. They’d be open for another hour to squeeze as much money from the crowds as people slowly trickled out.Bucky quickly sipped his energy drink, trying to get his second wind. The last hour was his busiest, when the dregs of the drunken crowd would be at their height. A fortune telling booth was exactly the final hurrah some of them were looking for, usually for a good laugh.He’d gotten a few drunks already, and they’d been good customers overall.One asked if his dog would return home, to which the cards had essentially said yes, prompting the guy to tip Bucky an extra twenty dollars.Another was a pair of women asking the usual about finding their future husbands, to which the cards had said they wouldn’t ever marry- and they’d cackled like a pair of crones, delighted by that result.One woman was so drunk that Bucky literally couldn’t understand her words. The cards did, however, and Bucky blindly read the results without knowing the context. It was something about practicing moderation during separation, and she’d tipped him all the change in her pocket.His tent flap swayed as another customer came in, and he quickly tucked the drink away, starting his usual script.“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and fate. What answers do you seek?” Bucky started, and immediately got a bad feeling when he saw the man that entered.Years spent telling fortunes had given him a feel for the different types of customers. There were the people humouring the cards for fun, the skeptics looking to debunk, the hardcore astrology/crystal/essential-oils crowd, the surprisingly large number of investors looking for any leg up in the market--and then there was the desperate.Bucky hated the desperate. Whether their reasons were good or bad, the sheer intensity of their situation often made the cards a nightmare. The deck loved suffering, and it didn’t care about the toll it took on Bucky. If he could, he would’ve told this man to get out and never return.But he couldn’t say no.“You’re Barnes, right? The one Alexander Pierce saw?”Bucky’s lips curled back in a silent snarl at the name. Pierce. He hadn’t heard that name in years, and it was still too soon to hear it again.Pierce was a member of the investor crowd, and he’d built a fortune off Bucky’s tarot readings. Then he blabbed about it at a party while high on coke, and the influx of Wall Street vultures had been awful. The money they poured into his readings weren’t worth the suffering it caused.Bucky had needed to flee four states over just to get away from their kind, and still, some would always find him no matter how often the carnival moved.“Yeah, that’s me” Bucky said disdainfully.“I need to find my wife” the man grunted and threw a rolled stack of hundreds onto the table. His eyes were red-rimmed, his dress shirt was disheveled, and his tie hung loose around his neck. He reeked of alcohol in a way that made Bucky think he’d been drinking for a few days now.Bucky didn’t bother shuffling, and he didn’t bother with a smile. He pocketed the money and laid the deck down at the center of the table, the red star facing up like an open wound.“Ask your question and touch the deck. Don’t draw the card” he instructed tersely.“Where’s my wife” he said gruffly, and rapped his knuckles on the deck.There was no loose tug on Bucky’s wrists- instead there was a yank, violent and demanding, and he had to bite his cheek to stop himself crying out.He started pulling cards, the words tumbling from his mouth without control.The first depicted a man in a throne and holding a sword. At his feet a bleeding woman knelt and wept.King of Sword, inverted. “She fled your cruelty and abuse-”The second card was a woman happily spinning yarn. The yarn flowed outward and coiled around a man, holding him down like they were chains.Wheel of Fortune, inverted. “-and you can’t stand the loss of control”The man’s hands tightened into fists. Bucky kept going, unable to stop or soften the words that were pulled from his mouth like a string of barbed wire.He drew the third card. It showed an eye inside a bottle, three swords piercing it.Three of Swords, inverted. “Your intoxications blind you to the answer you already know”The next card showed a woman holding a pentacle like a cherished item, a look of peace on her face.Queen of Pentacles, inverted. “You have your suspicions and your jealous hatred, you know who she’s run to. The one who cares for her truly”“That fucking bitch, I knew she was cheating with Mark” the man hissed.The next card showed a woman and man back-to-back, each holding two swords.Four of Swords, inverted. “She fears you’ll find her, and she’s taken precautions. She has help. You will have to fight both her and another if you go this route”He drew the last card and set it down. On it was a smiling man in the likeness of the brute in front of him, grotesque and proud. Two pentacles circled his wrists like handcuffs. Over one shoulder was a woman hanging by a noose; over the other shoulder was a man, also hanged.Two of Pentacles, inverted. “You will think yourself satisfied with your actions, but it will be hollow. The joy you feel is fleeting and will hold no value”The pull of the cards cut off sharply. Bucky collapsed back into his seat with a gasp. He folded over himself and shook, his hair falling over his face to shield him from the awful sight the card made. He cradled his hands to his stomach.He didn’t look up as the man stood and growled more obscenities. The sound of him leaving didn’t bring Bucky any kind of solace. He choked back a sob and stood on shaky legs, going for the front of the tent to hastily close it.No more, he thought with anguish. No more readings today.He stumbled to his trailer in the dark, leaving the tent and the cards behind. He got in and was thankful Clint hadn’t returned yet.Bucky tried to make it to his bed only to collapse on the floor. He choked on another sob and curled up, hugging his wrists close to his chest. They hurt, god, they hurt. He could see angry red marks on each like rope burns, circling his wrists like they’d been tied. He let his next sob come out as the tears started to flow.He closed his eyes tightly and curled up, crying out his pain until his sobs turned to hiccups, and waited until those faded too. He swallowed thickly and allowed himself to uncurl. He feebly pushed up into a sitting position and stayed like that, not trusting his legs yet.A small weight poked him in the thigh, and he reached into his pocket to pull out the tarot deck.He held it loosely between his fingers. “Fuck you” he said without any passion.“Does he kill them? Can you at least tell me that?” he asked, then sent the cards flying into the air. They fluttered down, spreading out around him. Every card landed face-down, and their red stars made a hellish constellation on the floor.A single card landed face-up.It showed a man in chains with a likeness to Bucky, and a thousand red stars looming above him.The Prisoner.
  The Prisoner does not ask questions.
“Figures” he rasped, then flicked the card under the couch where it would stop existing.
  
    Chapter Text
    “You sure you’re good?” Clint asked from his bed, watching Bucky use drops to ease the red from his eyes.“Peachy” he muttered, head tilted back and blinking away the moisture.Clint didn’t sound convinced. “Seriously, you don’t look good”“That’s what this is for” he said dryly, grabbing the concealer and waving it.He glared at his reflection and noted everything that needed to be fixed. He’d need foundation for the sickly paleness. The dark bags under his eyes would take more concealer than usual to hide. Most troubling of all, his lips had chapped enough to crack- he’d need lipstick to cover that up, which was his least favourite form of cosmetic to wear.He got started with his foundation.“I can cover your tent if you want. You’ve read my fortune like a hundred times, I think I can do a pretty good impression of it”“I’m fine, and you’ve got four archery sets today on top of covering for T’Challa again. You’re stretching yourself already”“Oh, right” Clint said. He frowned and went quiet.Bucky sighed and put the brush down, turning to fully face Clint. “Seriously, I’m okay. I had a rough night is all, I’ll be fine with some coffee”“Did someone grab you?”Bucky’s hand twitched hard enough to nearly knock the brush off the vanity. He hastily pulled his sleeve back over his wrist, unaware it had slipped. The marks had faded to a heavy bruise overnight, and he’d been hoping Clint would go back to sleep so he could put concealer on them unnoticed.“You had a bad customer” Clint said. It wasn’t a question.“I’m fine” Bucky grit out. He took up the brush again to finish blending. He didn’t look at Clint.“You gotta report these people. If not for you then for the others, they could hurt someone else”Trust me, I’m the only one getting hurt, Bucky thought bitterly.But that wasn’t true though, was it? There was the unnamed man and woman from the cards yesterday. He’d stayed up all night looking through media feeds for new murders, but that guy could’ve come from any state, and none of the news outlets were giving out identities- not that Bucky had caught the guy’s name. All Bucky had done was depress himself further and miss out on any sleep.Right now he didn’t want to think about it. He had a job to get to.“It was just another drunk, he was on his way out anyway” Bucky said dismissively. He moved on to the concealer and went ahead with covering his wrist, not bothering to hide it now.More silence, and then Clint spoke again. “I’ll ask Dum Dum to run his act by your tent today”“I don’t need protection” Bucky tisked. Dum Dum’s strongman act was a guarantee to keep the unruly crowds away, and he was often strategically placed near the more at-risk performers- which Bucky wasn’t.“Then can I at least check up on you between shows?”“God, alright. Just don’t show up in that hobo clown getup, you’ll clash with my mystique”“But tights are okay?”“The purples match, it’s fine”“Cool” Clint nodded, folding his arms behind his head.Bucky finished with the concealer and worked on adding the last touched with eyeliner. Then it was a quick brush to fix his hair, throwing on the rest of his outfit, and he’d be off to his tent.“Hey, you maybe want a taser in the future? Darcy’s got one hidden at her booth, she’s used it twice already. Says it really helps”“Clint” Bucky warned.“Alright, alright, I’d shutting up” he muttered. He closed his eyes to doze, but he still had his hearing aids in which meant he was only pretending. Whatever, as long as he stayed quiet it was fine. Everything was fine.Bucky slipped the golden bands onto his arms, careful of the concealer on his wrists, and did his best to tuck his bitterness away.He wanted nothing more than to stay in bed and skip today, but that would only cause more suffering for himself. The intensity of last night’s reading didn’t satisfy the cards any stronger than the other readings he did, and he needed to take this opportunity to get as much done as he could. Weekend readings helped tide him over for the rest of the week.He consciously didn’t slam the door on his way out, stepping through the alleys of trailers and cutting through the mess area. Today they were serving eggs and bacon, and he’d gotten his freshly made earlier.He hadn’t been particularly hungry, but neither had he been nauseous, which was on the better end of his morning-afters.He should’ve known it was coming. At least once every month or two he’d get an intense, awful reading, and he’d been due for one soon. The frequency wasn’t too bad- it was a marked improvement of what it used to be, actually.Another blessing of the carnival was the infrequency of the depraved. Carnival goers usually weren’t entangled in something terrible or tragic, unlike the people Bucky used to read on the streets, and he mostly enjoyed his days filled with mundane fortunes.On the other hand, it was unfortunate that with a steady job came an easy way to find him. All it had taken was one extremely desperate man who’d stalked through hundreds of fortune tellers across the states until finding Bucky, and then later informing the rest of his ilk where he could be found.Now if any of those investor types wanted Bucky’s reading, all they had to do was hunt down the Hill-Fury Carnivàle.It was an unfortunate situation, but ultimately manageable, and better still than the streets. The carnival moved often enough that it was inconvenient for most investors to fly out to him, and the ones that did would find themselves eventually recognized and banned from their multiple visits.Another benefit to his employment: protection from constant harassment.In return he netted the carnival a few hundred each weekend- except this weekend, seeing as the roll of bills from last night shook out at two-thousand dollars. Bucky had tossed the roll with disgust into the collection bin at Hill’s trailer, careful not to be caught. He didn’t want the blood money associated with him.He exited the trailer park and entered the grounds, waving and wishing good morning to the other early acts. The very start of the mornings were slow and intimate, until the trickle of guests picked up and they got into the swing of things.For now Bucky could walk in his full costume unimpeded, casually passing vaudeville clowns and people carrying medieval weaponry like it was another day in the office.He made it to his tent in short time. He paused at the entrance and frowned, a sense of unease creeping up on him, but he pushed past it and into the tent. He couldn’t let these things hold him back.Inside it wasn’t so bad. He’d forgotten to shut off the lights last night, and he didn’t realize he’d knocked over his chair in his haste to leave, but otherwise everything was in more or less the usual configuration.The tablecloth was a little skewed so he fixed it, tossed yesterday’s energy drink into the nearest trash bin outside, and made sure all his signage was still standing. Then the tent flaps were opened and clipped up, and he was ready to start the day.He sat down behind his table and took out the deck, absently shuffling it. The little red stars flew by from left to right then back again, over and over. The sight was off-putting in the way the cards always would be, but the motion soothed him nonetheless.Outside he could see more people walking the grounds, a few already glancing at his tent with consideration. He leaned back in his chair and put on a small smile, a placeholder for when he had to turn his expression up when he was approached, and waited for his first customer to make their appearance. 
 Steve pulled up to Sam’s house a little after supper time and waited in his driveway for a minute to collect himself. He was having second thought already, and he hadn’t even gotten to the carnival.All day he’d been working up the nerve to call and cancel, only to talk himself out of it. Michelle was right, he should go out tonight, but it was difficult. His life was a comfortable monotony, and he didn’t like how a single burlesque show was enough to spook him. He needed to do this for himself.He took a breath and psyched himself up, then got out. The little home Sam and Riley kept was delightfully suburban, with their own touch of uniqueness. He walked up the stone path that squeezed between the huge swatches of local flowers and grasses. They had a little sign on a stick proclaiming their lawn to be Bee Friendly, which was all the argument they ever needed when the homeowner’s association complained about the ‘unkempt’ wild garden.He got to the door and rang the bell, waiting nervously. There was the muffled sound of shuffling before the door opened to reveal Riley, who had a large smear of sauce on his cheek.“Steve! Hey, come in” he greeted, motioning for Steve to enter. He closed the door while Steve squeezed into the little foyer, all the while turning a curious eye to the sauce stain.“Cooking mishap?” he asked.Riley went to touch the sauce on his face before thinking better of it and grinned. “Sam thought spaghetti would be a good idea tonight” he said with an eyeroll. “Michelle won’t even go into the kitchen, her kid’s a damn sniper with those noodles”“Is that Steve?” Sam’s voice called from the kitchen.Riley moved past Steve back into the house. “Stay here unless you want a saucing too. I’ll go relieve him” he said with a laugh, and disappeared around the corner. A moment later Sam came out, his shirt looking like a casualty of an unfortunate pasta explosion.Steve whistled, impressed. “Is she even eating any of it?” he asked, eyes trailing over the carnage.Sam had a paper towel in his hand and was busy wiping away more sauce from his face. “We’re gettin’ there. It’s about a two-to-one eat:throw ratio”From the kitchen they heard Riley exclaim in shock, followed by delighted giggles from Mona. Sam looked back sympathetically. “Girl’s got a hell of an aim”“I can see that” Steve laughed. “Are you changing first or do you wanna bring the whole meal out with you?” Steve joked, but then his smile fell when Sam gave him a guilty look.“Sam?”“Don’t be mad”“Who’s ready to see some butts!” Michelle yelled from deep within the house.He’d been betrayed.“Sam” he hissed.“Tonight’s the bakeoff finale! We can’t miss that”“We could’ve snuck back to my place to watch!” Steve whisper-yelled, mindful of the ominously approaching sound of Michelle chanting bur-lesque!-bur-lesque!-bur-lesque! that grew closer.“You try lying to my sister, she’ll shove her foot so far up my a-ah! There you are!” Sam said, suddenly shifting to excited as Michelle came down the stairs. She was dressed for a night of wreaking havoc on Steve’s sanity.“Steve, guess what!”“You’re taking me to the burlesque show” he said without enthusiasm.“I’m taking you to the burlesque show! It’s gonna- stop looking like that- it’s gonna be fun!” she cheered, grabbing Steve’s shoulders and turning him so she could push him towards the door. “Now c’mon, I wanna get the good seats before it gets packed”Steve shot Sam another betrayed look over his shoulder, seeing his friend silently mouth sorry as he was forced out of the house. 
 Michelle kept quietly chanting bur-lesque!-bur-lesque!-bur-lesque! under her breath as they neared the tent, the small woman practically vibrating with excitement.“Ah! Steve, look!” she quietly squealed, watching as a woman in a mermaid costume was wheel past by three workers, sitting in a bathtub-sized tank of water. The woman smiled and waved to the people waiting in line, flicking her tail once as she disappeared around the corner.“Huh, I guess some people do both” Steve murmured to himself, recognizing her from the freak show yesterday. She’d been sitting in the same tank and was busy waving to children, letting them pet her tail and answering their questions about life under the sea. For a few dollars, kids could get their picture taken with her, as with any of the other ‘freaks’.He supposed it wasn’t as lucrative as the burlesque performances though.“This is gonna be so great, Steve, you don’t even know. The daytime shows ain’t nothin’, they’re so cheap ‘cause it’s like seven acts, but the night show, hoo!” she exclaimed. “We’re gettin’ the works!”Steve shifted, feeling unsure about the whole thing. He didn’t even know what to expect other than a striptease and some singing. How dirty did these things get?“Could we, maybe, not sit right at the front?” Steve asked, thinking of the mortification of leaving while at the front for all to see.Michelle leveled him with a look. “Steve, what do I look like?” she asked, and Steve didn’t know to answer that politely.She opened her purse and reached in. “I got a friend like you back home, she’s got agoraphobia and everything. You think I don’t know how to treat my white bread friends?” she said, surprising Steve and pulling out a pair of binoculars.“What?”“We’re sittin’ right at the back, buddy. Aisle seats by the fire exit. And I ain’t missing a thing with these babies” she said, tapping her binoculars.Steve let out a small laugh, feeling relief even as his cheek heated. “Hey, I’m not that white bread” he argued, to which Michelle gave him a pointed look.“Well it doesn’t have to be right next to fire exit” he muttered, crossing his arms.“Mm-hm, sure thing” she said, patting his arm consolingly. “We’ll sit a few chairs over, how’s that sound?”“… that sounds good” he admitted quietly. 
 The burlesque… wasn’t as bad as he’d thought. Not at the beginning at least. The opening acts didn’t even involve any stripping, mostly singing and skits that leaned on the side of raunchy. The mermaid they’d seen on the way in even made an appearance.She was part of a skit where a group of sailors debated at length the best way to have sex with a mermaid, making a slew of dirty jokes in the process, only for the mermaid to unzip her tail and step out of the tank as a human, making the punch line that their whole debate had been pointless.There was a gradual slide into the explicit as the acts went on though, and more and more Steve was looking away, feeling embarrassed at his own mortification. A lot of these were actually amazing, if only Steve could watch for longer than half a second.There was currently a woman mixing a martini using only her breasts, which was an impressive feat in all honesty, and he wanted to join Michelle in cheering her on but just couldn’t get himself to. The act before had been a man covered in balloons, slowly popping them to reveal his naked form underneath, which Steve had looked away from when he popped the very last one over his crotch.There was something vulnerable about watching it, the way the performers acknowledged the crowd like Steve was part of the act. Every time he looked at the stage, he felt like he was up there, and that in turn made him feel watched like he’d never been before.He felt a tap at his shoulder and looked over to Michelle, who’d lowered her binoculars and was giving him a sympathetic look.“Wanna go?” she asked, no judgment in her voice.Steve shook his head, then looked up at the stage and reconsidered. “I think I’ll step out” he said instead.“We’ll go” she nodded, and Steve hastily stopped her from standing.“No no, it’s fine, I’m just gonna walk around. Text me when you’re out” he said. He didn’t want to ruin her night.She frowned, but nodded. “Text me if you need to leave, I’ll come out”Steve nodded, knowing he’d wait for her to finish, and made his way out as quickly as he could to avoid bothering the other members in the audience. On his way he was joined by another guy who’d left his seat.The guy gave a knowing sneer, muttering to Steve as they got to the exit. “Didn’t sign up for a fag show either, eh?” he asked, and Steve blinked.“I suck dick on weekends” he deadpanned, standing up straighter. He kept his face impassive as the guy spluttered and huffed, eyeing Steve angrily before noting the size difference between them. Steve flexed his arms for good measure, emphasizing how bad of an idea it was to try anything. The guy grit his jaw and stomped off.Steve watched him go, feeling satisfied. He might not be witty with his words, but he was privileged enough to be bigger and stronger than most homophobes, and he used it to his full advantage- though it had been a while since he’d had to.There was an amused huff behind him, and he turned to see both the workers who were guarding the door grinning. One of them shot Steve a thumps up. Steve shyly returned a smile, cheeks and neck burning again. He moved past and left the huge tent.The cool night air felt good on his flaming skin, and he rubbed at his face until the blush disappeared. Looking around he could see the carnival was still going on outside, though much more subdued. Many of the booths were closed, particularly the ones catered to children like the face painting tent or the balloon stalls. The animals had also been put away for the night, the pony rides and animal attractions sitting empty.There was a knife juggler impressing some teenagers, and a stilt walker making the rounds. A few food stalls stayed open, serving alcohol along with greasy snacks.Steve took a breath to clear his head. He put his hands in his pockets and moved along, taking in the rest of the attractions. It was more peaceful at this hour, the crowds far thinner with most people inside the burlesque tent- less hectic than yesterday when the place was packed. He could actually take his time walking, not worried about blocking other people or getting stuck behind a slower group.He looked up and caught sight of a few stars, the moon a little bigger than half. The air had the faint smell of popcorn and cooked meats. It was a nice night.He wished he could’ve stayed for the whole show, but… coming out at all had to be worth something at least, right?He slowed his walk when he caught sight of the knife-throwing board from yesterday where he’d found Mona after a frantic search, and he was reminded of the worker who’d sparked this whole thing.James, with the kind voice and soft eyes and red nails that caught him off-guard in a pleasant way. Was his act coming up soon? Was it as bold as the rest of them?Steve sighed, sad he’d missed it. Maybe it would’ve been different knowing what James looked like outside of the makeup and costume.It was the sound of laughter, high-pitched and grating that drew Steve’s attention. A woman was exiting a tent, red-faced and laughing. She was hooting and hollering, wiping a stray tear from her face as she sauntered away with a jump in her step.He turned back to the tent and smiled when he read the sign, Fortune Teller Extraodinaire, and underneath in smaller text, Find the Answers You Seek. Then, in even smaller text, Readings: $5 each. It sounded like that woman had gotten her money’s worth.There was a low light coming from within, soft and welcoming. He could just make out a table and a figure sitting at it, shuffling some cards.A second sign caught Steve’s attention then, which only confused him.
  No Children
Huh. Was there such a thing as a dirty fortune teller? Steve was curious now.The tent was small enough to only fit two or three more people, and he could see the teller was the only one there. They weren’t busy right now; he figured he could stick his head in and ask them what it was about real quick.If it was dirty, then this could be a way to make it up to Michelle by sharing the discovery. She’d definitely get a kick out of it.Steve walked up and brushed the flap aside, ducking into the low light.“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and fate. What answers do you seek?” a voice purred.“Um, hi, I was just wondering…” Steve started to ask but trailed off, eyes widening as he got a proper look at the teller.Glossy brown hair flowed around his face, highlighting the sharp detail of his makeup. Jewelry hung from his neck and arms- in his hair too- and he was swathed in deep reds. All of it cut a striking figure, the colours complimenting each other to bring every detail into sharper focus.He looked so different that Steve almost thought his mind was playing tricks, but it was the same soft eyes underneath the sharp eyeliner.It was James.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky shuffled his cards, smiling as the woman practically skipped out out his tent. She was going home happy in the knowledge that her ex was worse off without her.It had gotten quiet with the show still going on, and he had a while yet before the crowds were let out and he’d see his last business boom for the night. It was a good opportunity to collect himself, and he snuck another mouthful of the granola bar he was slowly getting through.The day had gone well, all his readings mundane and all his customers decent. No amateur mythbusters either, which had been a bonus.He figured he’d finish tonight’s shift and go to bed early, leave a little note on the trailer door so Clint knew not to be loud when he got back. He’d sleep in tomorrow, maybe find a local bakery and treat himself to something sweet. Something with chocolate, or caramel, or chocolate and-He snapped out of his thoughts and quickly got to putting a coy smile on his face for the next customer. He was a tall one, enough that he had to duck under the tent flap to enter.“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and fate. What answers do you seek?” he said, tucking the cards against his palm in anticipation of his next shuffle.“Um, hi, I was just wondering…”Bucky’s smile turned a little more genuine when he recognized the guy from yesterday- his name starting with an ‘S’ was about all Bucky could remember of it. He was still large and gorgeous, and now he was in Bucky’s tent with a dumb look on his face, mouth hanging open a little and standing at the entrance.“Hey- hi” Bucky greeted, stumbling only a little. Thankfully, he had his professional persona shielding him from looking like an idiot this time.The guy blinked, mouth closing. He stepped into the tent fully and took a seat across from Bucky.“Hi, I- um, I’m Steve, I don’t know if you remember, but we met yesterday? You helped me find my friends”Bucky nodded. “Yeah, you had that kid with you”“Yeah” he said, rubbing the back of his neck. His eyes traveled around the tent to take it all in, then he let out a small chuckle.“You know, when you said your act wasn’t for children, I sorta thought…” and he pointed his thumb behind him.“The burlesque” Bucky finished for him, grinning.“Yeah” he said, his cheeks going a little pink, and jesus, he was adorable.“That’s fair enough, I guess I didn’t explain what I did”Which seemed rude in hindsight, especially with Steve seeing him again.“It’s fine, you were busy I’m sure- and, uh, funny thing, that’s why I came in here”“Oh?”“Yeah, I saw your sign out there and wondered about it. Why aren’t kids allowed here? If, uh, if that’s alright to ask” Steve added.This was a regular question, usually from curious customers like Steve, but sometimes from insistent parents who wanted their kid to get a reading despite the sign, which… wasn’t a good time. This was fine though, he had a prepared answer for it.He waved the deck at Steve. “The cards aren’t all kid-friendly, some of them can be scary, and some are inappropriate in other ways” he explained, leaving it open-ended for people to interpret. Most assumed nudity or sexual images, which did sometimes happen. None of it was a lie exactly, though neither was it the real reason for the sign.Steve nodded, “Huh, alright” he said, accepting Bucky’s answer. His eyes cut to the deck, and Bucky caught the slight downturn of his lips. Some people picked up on the cards’ nature more than others. He got a few of them every now and again, and for the most part they were harmless.His most recent had been last month when a woman stepped into his tent only to back out immediately with a hiss. She’d gripped the cross on her necklace, a look of confusion as she tried to pinpoint what was causing her fear before she gave up and ran.He waited a half second before he saw Steve get over it, dismissing the feeling the cards incited and staying seated.“So these fortune readings, they’re not…” Steve waved his hand, looking for a way to say the next part, and Bucky braced himself for what was going to be a polite way of telling him that tarot readings were fake-“-sexual, in any way, are they?”-or not. Bucky’s eyebrows hiked up at the question.Steve’s cheeks went pink again. “I mean, it’s not all inappropriate for kids, like- uh, a burlesque tarot-”Bucky snorted, covering a hand over his mouth to stop a burst of laughter. Burlesque tarot. Now there was an act.“-okay I guess it’s kind of a dumb question” Steve chuckled, looking away in embarrassment.“No, no, that’s-” Bucky let out a small laugh, getting himself under control, “-it’s fine, just, god, that’s a mental image right there”Bucky thought of himself stripping as he read the cards and snorted again, the absurdity of the thought sending him. He was definitely telling the others about this later, they’d get a kick out of it.Steve chuckled with him, chagrined. “Well, ah, it’s not necessarily a bad image- uh, I, I mean” Steve’s cheeks grew pinker, suddenly flustered as he realized what he’d just said.Bucky’s grin widened and leaned forward with his chin on his one hand, absently tapping the deck on the table with the other. “Oh, please go on” he laughed, feeling more confident seeing this beautiful man so rattled by him.“I- not that… okay,” Steve halted, “I think I got my foot far enough into my mouth, maybe I should just, ah” Steve pointed behind him, making to leave with an embarrassed look.“You don’t want your fortune read?” Bucky asked, raising the deck with a question. Normally he didn’t stop people from leaving, but Steve had enlivened his night a little, and he wouldn’t mind a few more minutes of his company.“Oh, um, sure? Sorry, I guess I’ve sorta been wasting your time” Steve said, slowly sitting back down.“Not at all. S’been a slow night, we got-” Bucky leaned back to look at the little watch he had hanging under the lip of the table, “-half an hour before the burlesque ends, won’t get much people until then”Steve made an ah sound, and he fumbled in his pocket before pulling out a five dollar bill.Bucky pocketed it quickly and got to shuffling. He started with an accordion to warm up, then used the trick of flicking a card across his shoulders and catching it with the deck.Steve let out a breath. “Oh, wow” he said.Bucky grinned. He drew out the act, letting Steve enjoy the show fully.He split the deck into fours, flipping them over and under each other across his knuckles. He gripped two in each hand held them in a staircase formation, letting the cards slide down in a cascade only to all land in a single deck at his palm.“I didn’t realize there’d be a full act for my fortune” Steve said, watching the performance with a delighted smile.“Well it’s no burlesque, but I do pretty good for myself” Bucky joked, enjoying the chuckle that earned him.He did a few more flourishes, turning the cards hypnotically between his fingers, tossing cuts into the air, overhand and underhand, sending the cards into waterfalls and accordions. Steve would make small sounds of wonder, encouraging Bucky to go on.A few times he caught Steve watching his hands rather than the cards, and Bucky grinned even more, having an inkling of what he might be thinking about.Bucky had been propositioned for handjobs when he worked the streets, and he’d heard plenty of comments about his hands. Steve seemed like too much of a gentleman to say anything though, and that was probably for the best. Customers like that usually faced a prompt ban from the carnival.He finished off his shuffle with one last trick where he flared the deck out in a circle, the whole thing looking like a saw blade, and then balanced the center on the back of his knuckle. One flick and he had the deck spinning in the same way one would spin a basketball on their finger.Steve gave a low, impressed whistle. “You’re good at that”“I’d hope so, I spent a long time practicing” Bucky smiled, stopping the spin and pushing the cards back into a deck. He set them down in the center of the table. “But, you didn’t just come here for a show”“You’re right; I came here wondering about your sign” Steve teased, less flustered now that he’d had time to get over his earlier fumbles.Bucky made an exaggerated shrug and waved dismissively, “Eh, tom-ato, tom-a-to, you’re here now”Steve chortled, then looked down at the deck curiously. “So, uh, how does this work?” he asked.Bucky went over the explanation with ease. “You ask the deck a question, and it’ll give an answer. You can ask nearly anything, past, present, future; or the solution to a problem. Most anything really, but I’ll let you know if your question won’t work. It helps to be specific.“The answer you get might be vague though, and you’ll need to pull the meaning from it yourself- I can only tell you what the cards say, you’re the one with a better understanding of your life”Steve raised a brow. “Aren’t fortune tellers supposed to be all-knowing?”Bucky huffed. “The cards are all knowing. I’m just the poor guy stuck reading them” he said- and wasn’t that the goddamn truth.“So I’m gonna have to do all the work here, huh?” Steve asked, but he sounded amused. He crossed his arms and leaned them on the table, sitting forward to get a better look at the deck.“Not necessarily. Sometimes these things give you something specific. Very specific” Bucky added, smile falling. He didn’t want to ruin the mood, but he had to give the warning regardless, for his own peace of mind.Steve’s own smile grew smaller, picking up on the shift in tone. “I, uh, okay?”“When you got your question ready, ask it, then touch the top of the deck. Don’t draw a card” Bucky warned.Steve chuckled. “Why, does it bite?”Bucky didn’t smile at the joke, and Steve frowned. He leaned back a little, looking uncertain. “Sorry, did I say something…?”Bucky let out a breath, giving a weak smile. “It’s fine, I’m just- I get carried away with the cards” he said as an excuse. This was why he kept a distance with customers, it made this part easier to get across without sounding like an ass.Steve didn’t look wholly convinced, but he didn’t leave either. He held Bucky’s gaze for another moment, then looked down at the cards.“I don’t really have any big questions… can I ask about my future, in general?” he asked uncertainly.“Absolutely, just know that they can get pretty vague on that front. They’ll say something like ‘you’ll live until you die and you’ll meet some people and do some things, yadda yadda’” Bucky said with a grin, trying to defuse the tension.That got a small smile out of Steve, who relaxed a little more into his seat.“Alright, I, uh. I guess… What will my future be?” he asked, then reached for the cards. His hand paused just above the deck, hesitating. He looked to Bucky again, but Bucky kept his face passively pleasant. He wasn’t allowed to influence the question asker at this point.Steve held his gaze, brow furrowing. “Maybe we should stop-” he started to say, but his hand lowered enough to brush the top of the cards, and it was too late.Pain flared in Bucky’s wrists as invisible cords jerked his hands forward, and he couldn’t hold back his cry. Steve pulled his hand away at the sound, eyes going wide in shock.Bucky’s hands smacked down on the deck, his fingers curling around it like claws as he pulled it back.Bucky’s mind was in a panic of no no No NO NO NO-NO! Not again! NOT AGAIN! but he couldn’t stop, he could never stop.He pulled the first card and flipped it, compulsion driving him beyond any control.He lay down the card, showing a man on a mountain that looked over a city, his back shunning society.The Hermit, inverted.“What- are you okay? Do you- christ, you’re bleeding” Steve said in sudden horror, eyes cast down.Bucky saw it too. Fresh cuts, like someone had taken a set of wires and pulled them too tight, breaking the skin open in a perfect loop around his wrists. Blood dripped down, droplets spattering on the table. He couldn’t stop. He couldn’t stop.“Your life is dull, isolated, lonely. You have no family. Your friends are few and occupied with their own lives. You are a creature of monotony, listless in your own existence and content in it, save for one” Bucky said, voice quavering. “You seek a connection to something of worth, something to give you purpose that you may cherish. You seek another soul”He pulled the next card. It showed a shadowed figure in a cloak, the night sky above them taken up by a huge white orb.The Moon.“James? What-what’s happening, do you need-”Bucky cut him off, the words forced up and out.“You will be tempted by one who is hidden in darkness and secrecy, who will flee from your pursuit”Blood dripped from the cuts onto the card, leaving a fat splatter on the moon, turning it red. He pulled the next cards.Steve’s hands shot out and grabbed his arms above the cuts, trying to stop him.“James, what do you need?” he asked desperately, his eyes fearful. Bucky could only yank his hands out of the grip and put the next card down.A huge building loomed, lightning striking behind it. Flames burst out of the windows, and cracks ran up the sides.The Tower.“Your life will be disturbed and thrown in upheaval. Everything you hold familiar will be gone, the life you have cultivated will be thrown into chaos” he spoke harshly, wishing so badly for it to stop stop stop!Steve had gone quiet, his hands now gripping the table so hard his knuckles were white. Bucky could only keep going, drawing the next two cards in succession.The one showed a man kneeling next to a white wolf, his hands holding its jaw with care. The wolf looked feral, teeth bared in ferocity, but the man was calm and unbothered. The other showed a cloaked man holding four pentacles protectively, hiding them from the world.Strength, and the Four of Pentacles.“Your strength of character will weather your troubles and break barriers that would hold others back. When all else would fail, your compassion will carry your forward.“The objective you seek is obscured in fear and paranoia. It is precious, it is coveted, and it is kept shielded, even from you”His tears started to fall, flowing heavy down his face. The pain in his wrists screamed, the ropes still pulling at the broken flesh. The tablecloth had splotches of dark stains as his hands moved and dripped blood over it, painting the cards in the same ugly red of the stars.Panic threatened to grip him but he forced it down. He’d lain five cards already, there was only one more to go. One more and he could be done with it, and whatever tragedy would befall this man.He lay the last card down to see the-
  No.

  NO!
No, not that one. Please, not that one, he begged. This was wrong, this was wrong! This card wasn’t supposed to be in the deck.This was the abhorrent, the cursed, the one card nobody else was ever, ever supposed to get.The Prisoner.The man in likeness to Bucky stared up at him from where he lay on the table, bound in chains, oppressed by the sky of red stars.A broken, animal cry fell from Bucky’s throat, his fear spiking at the sight of the card. Steve had gone pale, and he made a helpless noise at Bucky’s cry. This stupid, stupid man didn’t even know what he’d wrought. The Prisoner was meant for Bucky, and Bucky alone. What was it doing here for Steve?Bucky opened his mouth for the tarot’s words to explain it, but nothing came. Instead the ropes tugged at his hands and he cried out in pain. Six! It’s only ever six! There were never more than six cards, what was this?His throat felt scraped raw, his wrists ached beyond the flesh and into the bone. He wanted it to end. True terror gripped his heart in a way he hadn’t felt for years. Would this end? How many more cards would he be made to suffer through?As Bucky’s hand pulled from the deck, he looked up to Steve, his face twisted in anguish. Who was this man? What was he?He pulled the seventh card, laying it perpendicular on top of the Prisoner. It showed a man surrounded by eight swords, each one acting as a bar to his prison.The Eight of Swords.The words were pulled out of him by rusted hooks. A single sentence.“At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life”
  You will be confined to your fate.

  You will be bound to your death.
Bucky couldn’t breathe. That was meant for him. That last message was directed to him. He couldn’t- how was- it wasn’t-The cards had read him. The cards had read him.Tears blurred his vision as he tried to gasp and he couldn’t breathe- he couldn’t breathe-“James, James, I need you to take a deep breath with me. Come on, take a deep breath, follow me” someone said beyond the dark spots flashing in his vision. Someone gently took his hand and lay it on something warm and solid- someone’s chest, and he felt the rise and fall as they took slow, even breaths.“That’s it, in for four, out for eight, breathe with me”Bucky pulled his focus to that warmth and the slow movements under his palm, and slowly he started to follow along, in and out until his breathing evened and the spots at his vision cleared. In his panic he hadn’t noticed the reading had ended and that the cards had dropped their hold on him.He blinked away the tears to see a pair of striking blue eyes looking up at him with concern. It was- this was Steve, kneeling next to him and trying to calm him down.
  You will be bound to your death.
Terror gripped him again, and the sight of Steve made him recoil. He stumbled out of his chair and away, his back pressing against the fabric of the tent.“Get out” he cried venomously, pulling his bleeding wrists up against his stomach.“You’re bleeding, do you- is there a medical tent somewhere? Can I get someone for you? Is- do you have medication you need to take?” Steve asked softly, still kneeling on the floor.“Get OUT!” Bucky yelled, his voice cracking and going hoarse.“Please, you’re hurt. I won’t come closer, but you need to see someone about your wrists-”Bucky fled, stumbling out the back of the tent. His legs wouldn’t move fast enough and his breath stalled, forcing him to lean on the back of another booth. He choked though each gasp and his stomach roiled so hard he had to bend over to vomit.He caught his breath again and pushed off, desperate to get somewhere safe, but his legs collapsed without the support of the booth. He fell over, crying out when he caught himself on his hands and jostled his wrists.He collapsed into the grass, moaning in pain, his arms trapped under his own body that had grown too weak to move.A pair of hands softly gripped him and turned him over, relieving the weight on his hands. He looked up to see it was Steve again, his face showing fearful concern.“Get away” Bucky barked, flinching away from his touch.“I’m sorry, I’m really sorry, but I can’t leave you like this. I’m really sorry” Steve kept repeating as he hooked his arms under Bucky“Don’t touch me” Bucky cried- but too late, Steve was lifting him like he weighed nothing.He fought as best he could, pushing against Steve’s chest to get out of the bridal carry he was in, all the while crying for Steve to put him down, for Steve to get away from him, for Steve to stop!It was no use though, and Steve kept his hold as he took him to… Bucky didn’t even know where they were going. Nothing was making sense. Steve kept up his own litany of apologies that did nothing for Bucky as he was seized with fear.This man would make his life with the cards worse somehow, worse than it had ever been, and the thought of that sent terror through Bucky. He needed to get away from him, he needed Steve to get away.The more Bucky fought, however, the weaker he got. The black dots returned to his vision and nausea filled his throat. His ears started ringing, blocking out even Bucky’s own cries, until the world grew red and hazy with it…
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve hurried with James in his arms, the man gripped in the throes of a panic attack- if not something worse- and badly hurt.
He made his way towards the trailers tucked away at the back of the carnival, the direction James had been going in. Big events like these always had a medical tent, or a first aid kit at the least. There had to be someone at those trailers who’d know where it was, or knew how to help better than Steve.
“Help! I need help here!” he called when he got closer, spotting a group of people sitting in cheap plastic chairs around campfire.
Heads turned at his call, and half the people stood when they saw him carrying someone.
“Aw bud, your friend drink too much-?” one started to ask, but his voice cut out in a gasp- as did several others- when Steve entered the firelight and they got a look at the blood on Steve’s face and chest where James had tried shoving at him.
“Jesus, somebody get Sharon!” one of them yelled.
“Oh fuck, it’s Bucky!” someone else exclaimed, and Steve missed the rest over the din of people yelling over each other.
“Here, bring him here” someone directed, a woman grabbing his arm and pulling him along. Steve followed her to one of the nearby trailers, up the steps and insides where a couch had been pulled out to form a cot. She hastily laid some towels down and directed Steve to put James on top.
James was still thrashing feebly, and Steve apologized one more time as he lay him down, backing away as soon as he could. James quieted almost immediately, curling up into a tight ball with his head tucked in and his hair obscuring his face. His breathing started to pick up again, turning into painful sobs.
“Is there anything I can do?” Steve asked as the woman who’d directed him sat by James and shushed him quietly. She looked up briefly and shook her head, pointing to the door.
“You should step out, take a seat. Management’s going to want to talk with you”

  Make sure to cut the strings.

Steve’s mouth almost opened to say it, the thought dropped into his mind like a stone in a pond, before he stopped himself. His mind was all over the place, too much had happened.
Instead he nodded numbly while the woman turned back to James.
He cast one more look to the shaking man, and then stepped out to give them more space.
Outside the trailer a small group had gathered, waiting around anxiously and trying to peek in. Most had moved their plastic chairs to sit closer without crowding the place.
All eyes locked on Steve as he stepped out, and he hesitated a moment before speaking.
“She said I, uh, I should wait here. To talk to the management”
A beat, and then, “Well pull up a seat, son” and another chair was set down for him at the edge of the group.
Steve went and sat, mindful of the eyes on him. The man who’d set the seat out for him pulled a rag from his pocket.
“Ey, pass that water here” he called, and then soaked the cloth with it. He turned and handed it to Steve. “You got blood on you” he explained, indicating Steve should wash his face.
Steve took it with a quiet thanks, wiping his face and noting the bright red streaks that came away. He looked down at his chest, more blood smeared on his jacket and white shirt. It came off the leather decently, but he’d be stuck with the bloody shirt until he changed.
A woman suddenly rushed through the seated group, a large first-aid kit in hand as she shot up the steps and disappeared into the trailer. On her tail was another woman, her hair pulled back tightly. She was dressed for business in a blouse and slacks that stuck out from the more casual clothes of the rest.
She paused to give Steve an assessing look, and motioned over a stout man with a large mustache. She whispered something in a low voice, eyeing Steve between words, then moved to enter the trailer.
The man she’d been whispering to came up to Steve, a neutral look on his face. “Come with me, sir” he said, and Steve stood to follow, still a little dazed. A trail of eyes followed them until they turned a corner.
He was led to another trailer, bigger than the rest, and taken inside. The place looked more like an office than a living space, with two desks overflowing with papers and odd assortments of props.
“Take a seat” the mustached man instructed, pointing to one of the smaller chairs, “management’ll be with you shortly”
Steve sat, aware of the worker’s gaze boring into his back, and he couldn’t help fidgeting in his seat. He tried reading some of the papers on the desk to keep his mind busy, skimming over what looked like invoices and permit forms, when his eyes caught on a flier-
The door opened again, pulling his attention away. At the door was the woman again, the one who’d told the worker to bring Steve here.
“Thank you Dugan, you can wait outside” she said, striding in and taking a seat behind the desk just as the man stepped out. She leaned forward in her seat, and Steve had the impression of being a student at the principal’s desk.
“I’m Maria Hill, the co-owner of the carnival” she introduced, and it took Steve a second to realize she was waiting for him to do the same.
“Oh, I’m Steve. Rogers” he stammered.
“Can you tell me what happened, exactly?”
Steve opened his mouth, then closed it. What had happened? He hadn’t had a chance to reflect on it yet, and now that he tried to…
One moment they were talking, and then suddenly James was making the most pained noise Steve had ever heard. He’d started reading Steve’s fortune like it was being tortured out of him, drawing one card after another in some sort of desperation. Steve had barely been able to make sense of the words.
And his wrists. Steve hadn’t seen any blades or wires that could’ve done that- but then again, that was exactly how magicians worked, wasn’t it? Smoke and mirrors, hidden strings. They must’ve been there to help him do those card tricks.
There were wires on his wrists- there had to be, Steve knew there had to be, he swore he caught a glimpse of them- and they’d started cutting into his skin when he’d had his… panic attack? Breakdown? Steve didn’t know what to call it.
He hadn’t known what to do, and he waited out whatever episode James was having, hoping for it to pass. And then when it had…
Well, here he was.
Steve did his best to relate everything he’d seen, and waited as Maria took a moment to process.
She tapped one of her fingers against the desk as she looked him up and down, the nail making a clack-clack-clack sound in the silence.
“Well, on behalf of the Hill-Fury Carnivàle, I’d like to extend an apology” she said tersely, “for any inconvenience our employee may have caused-”
Steve leaned forward, motioning for her to stop. “No, please don’t. He didn’t do anything wrong” he said quickly. She gave him another suspicious look, and Steve went on. “Seriously, it’s not a problem at all, I just wanted to make sure he was okay” he said, then added, “Is he okay?”
Maria’s posture didn’t loosen, and Steve swore he saw her mouth twitch in a sneer.
“He was awake and talking when I spoke to him. Our on-staff nurse stopped the bleeding, she doesn’t think he’ll need to go to the hospital for this. He’s claiming it was an accident, so we won’t be bringing the police into the matter”
Steve nodded, relieved that James was okay. “Good, that’s… good” he said, then swallowed, knowing it was a longshot but needing to ask, “Can I see him? I just want to say I’m sorry for carrying him, he didn’t want to be touched, but I- I couldn’t leave him like that-”
Maria was shaking her head before he’d even finished asking. “He’d like to be left alone”
“Alright” Steve said, trying not to show his disappointment. “Would you mind telling him… tell him that I hope he feels better. And that I’m sorry?”
“I’ll let him know. Now if you wouldn’t mind signing this liability form-”
The door opened suddenly, a woman peeking in hurriedly.
“Maria, there’s a situation at the tent”
“Can it wait?”
“It’s another Buster, and Fury’s busy dealing with a pack of Holies”
Maria frowned, and Steve picked up that it was some kind of shorthand code for whatever problem they were facing.
A blank form was thrust into Steve’s hands as Maria stood, making her way out. “If you’d fill that out, I’ll only be a minute and you can be on your way” she said, and then the door was slamming shut, leaving Steve alone.
He leaned back in his seat. He could hear the muffled voices of passing workers outside, but otherwise it was quiet inside the little room of the trailer. He breathed a deep sigh, his shoulders finally relaxing now that he was alone without any hostile glares trained on him.
He let his eyes skim over the form, noting what he needed to fill- name, address, contact information, and signature. Near as he could tell, it essentially absolved both Steve and the carnival of any blame from either side.
He didn’t see the point of it, if anything he ought to give some kind of recompense for whatever he did that upset James so much, but it sounded like they rather wipe their hands of him.
He lay the form on the desk and reached for one of the pens sitting in a nearby mug, when his eyes caught again on the colourful flier sitting in the mess of papers. It was tacky and a little painful to look at, especially from an artist’s perspective, yet something about it tugged on an unnamed feeling he didn’t want to explore right now.

  Your life is dull.

Without thinking too hard about it, he picked up the sheet and folded it into his pants pocket.
Then he focused back on the form, and occupied himself with filling out his information.
 

 
His heart was beating in his throat, to tight, too tight, everything was closing in too fast.
Pressure at his shoulders, a soft voice talking to him. The tension slowly melted, but there were waves still crashing in his ears and it was noise, all just noise. Black spots filled most of his vision and left him with a small tunnel of light. He was lying down, somewhere warm and inside, and a numbing force held him still. He let himself become calcified in it, protected from anything beyond.
The touch moved to his bicep, to his elbow, then gently pulled. He let it move his arms, feeling that same soft touch and voice blanket him.
There was a terrible stinging and he flinched, the voice growing a little louder but no less soothing, and he slowly relaxed again. A pressure was at his hands, and the more he listened the more he could understand what the voice was saying, telling him he was okay.
The fog gradually faded as his vision and hearing cleared, until he was blinking back into awareness.
Bucky lifted his head a little, and through the curtain of his hair he saw Sharon’s face. She kept up a litany of assurances as she wrapped his wrists in bandages, just finishing her work.
He swallowed back the acrid taste in his mouth and tried to speak, only for a small croak to move past his lips.
Sharon looked up and smiled in relief, gently laying his hand back down on the bed.
“Hey, you doing okay?”
Bucky licked his lips and tried again. “Been better” he said.
“I’ll say” someone else spoke, and he turned his head to spot Maria, leaning with her back against the door as if to keep it barricaded shut.
Bucky grimaced. If Maria had decided to get involved, it meant he’d really fucked up. He didn’t blame her though- he’d started bleeding out in front of a customer. Again.
“If you’re up for it, can you tell us what happened?” Maria asked, her voice carefully neutral.
He sighed quietly and carefully moved to sit up, Sharon helping him so he didn’t put pressure on his wrists.
“It was an accident” he tried, tucking his arms against his stomach.
Maria crossed her arms. “I’ve got Dum Dum watching the guy, say the word and we’ll press charges”
A shiver ran up his spine. No police, he thought helplessly.
“He didn’t do anything” he said quickly, looking Maria in the eye. In this he could be honest, and he sat unflinching as she stared him down- but he could see she wasn’t buying it.
“You’ve got the whole carnival at your back, there’s nothing he can do to you that we can’t stop” Sharon added gently, still kneeling by the side of the cot.
Bucky shook his head, gritting his teeth. He hated being in this position, hated the lies he had to tell because of the cards. He looked down bitterly at the bandages on his wrists, knowing what he had to say.
“I did it to myself” he muttered, avoiding eye contact now. He had to sell it.
“You don’t have to defend him-”
“I said I did it to myself!” he snapped, pulling his arms more tightly against his stomach, almost hugging his waist. “You know how I am” he hissed.
This wasn’t the first time this had happened. Sharon had wrapped his wrist many times throughout his four years at the carnival- it was no secret to them. Nick and Maria always let it slide, but he knew one day it would be too much.
Was today going to be the final straw? It had been a while since he’d last lived on the streets, but he’d pick it up again- he wouldn’t have much choice.
He held back a bitter laugh. Was this how Steve ruined his life? It was a pitiable attempt if it was.
“Bucky” Maria said, her eyes hard when he looked at her.
“I’m going to ask you one more time if this guy did anything,” she continued, “and I want you to be honest. We can keep your name out of it, we can even hide you if that’s what you want, but don’t let your personal fears stop you. Know that whatever you say, I’ll believe you”
That was a laugh. Nobody believed him, and the ones who did only took advantage- but he understood what she meant. It would’ve been heartwarming if the situation weren’t as complex as it was.
He took a breath and looked her in the eye.
“I had an episode. I cut myself. He didn’t do anything wrong” he said, every word heavy in the air between them. She wouldn’t buy a word of it, but she’d backed herself into a corner with her promise.
They held each other’s gaze for another moment, then Maria backed down. “Alright,” she said unhappily, “I’ll send him on his way. You’re going to take the rest of the week off, check in with Sharon as many times as she asks”
Bucky nodded, accepting the concession. Maria turned to leave, but she paused to give him another look, this one kinder than the last.
“I’m glad you’re okay, and if you want to talk, you know where my trailer is” she said, then left without waiting for his response.
Bucky sighed, letting himself slouch. He moved his hands to his lap and scowled at them.
“Bucky…” Sharon said, her voice trailing off but her eyes telling him everything she wanted to say.
“Don’t” he said, sounding every bit as bone-weary as he felt. “I just wanna go to my trailer and sleep. Is that okay?”
Sharon frowned sympathetically, and she reached for her bag. “I’ll come with you-” he opened his mouth to argue, but she cut him off, “-no, no arguments, if your cuts get worse, I’ll need to re-bandage them” she said.
He knew that by ‘worse’ she meant if he hurt himself again. The lie might conveniently explain away what the cards did, but there was a still a cost.
Fine, whatever, it was better than staying here in…
Whose trailer was he in, anyway?
“Whose trailer is this?” he asked, looking around at the unfamiliar setup.
“Hope’s. She had that guy bring you in here before she got rid of him”
Bucky’s brow furrowed, but then it came back to him- Steve had picked him up after he’d collapsed. And then he must’ve carried Bucky to the trailers at the back, looking to find help.
Steve really seemed like a good person, and it was hard to believe he could do anything as horrible as the cards said.
Still, it was for the best he let Maria send Steve on his way. She’d be professional about it, and he didn’t see Steve leaving with a grudge that might come back to bite him. At least he hoped not.
“Remind me to apologize to her later” Bucky said, casting a look down at the bloody towels as he stood. Even with the covering, he’d managed to get a few smears on Hope’s sheets.
“How about I remind you to thank her instead?” Sharon said lightly, linking her arm with his as they made their way out. Bucky rolled his eyes at her little jab of positivity which she ignored, opening the door for him.
He followed her out and kept his head down, waving meekly to the small crowd who’d gathered outside. There were calls from people saying they were glad he was okay, and he let a small smile play on his face, even if the kindness still made him uncomfortable.
Sharon led him back to his trailer, opening the door for him there too.
“I’ll help you cleanup and change into some pj’s, then we can get you some juice before bed”
“I’m not a child” Bucky scoffed, though he was familiar with this routine already.
“Well you’re not bending your wrists until tomorrow” she said, rummaging through his messy drawers for a decently clean pair of pajama pants and loose shirt.
While she did that, Bucky slowly took off his jewelry and unwrapped his shawl, throwing the whole thing into a pile under the vanity.
Sharon returned with his change of clothes and set them aside, having him sit on the couch next to her so she could clean the runny makeup and blood off his face with the wet wipes. Bucky managed not to grumble too much while she did.
Then she helped ease him out of his clothes and into his nightwear, both their senses of modesty long gone after spending their fair share helping out backstage in the burlesque tent. The fact that Sharon used to be a full-time nurse, now licensed as one of their four carnival medics, also helped. She’d seen it all at this point.
She was also the only medic Bucky was comfortable letting help him- he didn’t trust the others on the same level he did with her.
She’d joined the carnival only a few months after him, and the two of them had instantly clicked when they shared a table, talking over lunch- or more accurately, Sharon talking and Bucky listening. He’d still been hiding in his shell back then, wary of too good of a thing, but Sharon hadn’t set his hackles rising in anxious fear.
It was funny, thinking back on it, how low his bar had been set.
She’d also been the first to discover his ‘condition’, finding him sneaking to his trailer with his wrists oozing blood, his poor attempt at staunching them with his shawl barely working. It took several months to get her to stop hovering over him, and she still tried to set him up with counselors, leaving brochures for helplines and websites in his trailer when he wasn’t looking.
It was sweet, and if he was actually hurting himself, he probably would’ve checked those websites by now.
But he wasn’t, so he didn’t, and he threw them away when she wasn’t looking.
He expected another brochure would magically appear in his trailer again in the coming days, and Sharon’s company to follow him around as well.
Eventually he’d assure her he was fine. Work would put a little more distance between them and they’d return to normal. Then in a few months he’d get another heavy reading- some imminent death or tragedy, and he’d bleed again, and they’d start the cycle all over.
But as Sharon helped tuck him into bed, putting a pillow under his wrists to keep them elevated, he couldn’t stop thinking about this particular read.
It had been about Steve at first, all the way until the end, when the cards suddenly turned inwards to himself.

  You will be confined to your fate.


  You will be bound to your death.

What did it mean? The cards didn’t always give a clear answer, it was left for the person to interpret, but Bucky couldn’t see how else that could be read. He was already confined to his fate with the cards, would be until his eventual death, so what more could the cards ruin?
Would he die? Would Steve cause his death early?
It might not happen, though. He remembered his last words of Steve’s reading, before the cards jumped to Bucky:

  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.

At your will, the cards had said. There was still a choice, one only Steve could make.
That was fine, wasn’t it? That was easy enough to avoid. Maria would’ve sent Steve home by now, probably a little shaken, but ultimately fine. This would all just be another anecdote for him; that time he saw a crazy fortune teller bleed all over the table.
“You good, any discomfort?” Sharon asked, pulling the blanket over his shoulders.
“Yeah, I’m fine” he answered.
“Thirsty, hungry? You want a painkiller?”
“I’d like some quiet so I can sleep” he said cheekily, though it wasn’t quite a lie. His lids felt heavy with exhaustion, the adrenaline crash hitting hard.
Sharon thumped him gently on the head with her fingers, mouth twisted in amusement, though worry still shone in her eyes.
“Alright. I’ll be out here if you need anything, just call” she said, backing out from the little alcove where his bed folded out. She closed the privacy curtain and moved away.
He heard her quietly shuffling around, probably setting up blankets on the couch for herself. He’d bet anything that as soon as Clint got back there’s be a very hushed argument as he tried to give Sharon his bed- fifty-fifty odds it would work.
He closed his eyes and shifted into a more comfortable position, careful to keep his hands on the pillow Sharon had set up for him. His wrists pulsed with a familiar ache, the skin knitting back together.
Tomorrow when Sharon changed his bandages, she wouldn’t mention how odd it was that the skin had sealed- she never did- and he’d have to field a couple dozen visitors as people stopped by throughout the day to check on him.
For now though, as his mind drifted into the void of sleep, he could relax. He shifted his head on the pillow, but paused when he felt a lump under his cheek.
With a sigh he carefully reached under the pillow and pulled out the tarot deck. He dropped them onto the mattress near his head, within his line of sight as he lay back down.
“What the fuck was all that? You never read me” he whispered.
With a small flick, he flipped the top card of the deck onto the bed sheet.
The card showed a familiar figure chained under a sky of red stars.

  The Prisoner does not ask questions.

“Thanks” he whispered sarcastically, then put the card back on top of the deck. He left the pile of cards where they were, too tired to move them any further, and sighed once more.
He closed his eyes, trying his best not to think about the future. It never did him any good.
 

 
The manager let him go after he finished signing the form, and he’d left the trailer to find not one, but five carnival workers waiting to escort him out.
He followed them as they led him through the small maze of trailers, eventually spitting him back out at the main carnival area, a short distance from the exit.
“You can find your way from here” the one with thick mustache said, indicating the parking lot beyond the darkened ticket booths.
Steve tried to smile in gratitude, though the hard look they were giving him didn’t incite the feeling that it was welcome. “Thank you” he said anyway, waving as he back away.
He turned and made his way out, feeling their eyes follow him until he got passed the gates, then breathed a tired sigh of relief. This night had taken an unexpected turn, and he was left wishing for nothing but his bed right now.
He looked back at the carnival and saw the small trickle of people still leaving, the hour late enough that everything had closed. He and Michelle would be among the last people to go home-
Oh, fuck.

  Michelle.

He hastily pulled his phone out of his pocket, remembering he’d put it on silent for the show earlier. The moment he saw the little red notification of eight missed calls and twenty text messages, he knew he was in for it.
Swallowing, he straightened his shoulders resolutely and hit Michelle’s number.
The phone was on the second ring when she picked up.
“Hey, Michelle, I’m so sorry-”
“STEVE?!” her voice boomed, and he pulled the phone away from his ear.
“ARE YOU OKAY?! WHERE ARE YOU?!” she yelled urgently, her voice easily heard despite the phone being held an arm’s length away.
“I’m fine, I’m okay, everything’s okay. Something happened and I had to see the manager, I just got out now” he said quickly.
“The manager?!”
“Yeah, there was- some stuff happened, I was helping someone who got hurt-”
“And you couldn’t send a text?!”
“I forgot and I’m really sorry-”
“Do you know,” she started irately, “how embarrassing it is to tell someone you lost a WHOLE MAN? Because I do! I had to tell these big muscly dudes that I lost a whole ass man! And then I had a woman come up and tell me ‘honey, he’s not worth it’, and I damn near agreed!”
“I’m sorry-”
“Stop saying sorry and tell me where you are!”
Steve glanced up at the gate. “I’m at the, uh, the entrance near Chesterfield”
“… of course you are”
“What’s the problem?”
“Steve, I want you to think really hard about where you parked the car”
Oh.
“Oh”
“Uh-huh”
He’d parked in the lot off Markham Street. On the opposite side of the carnival.
And the keys were in his pocket.
“I’ll be there in ten minutes”
Eight minutes later and he was coming up to his car, seeing the outline of Michelle sitting on the hood.
“What the hell, Steve!?” she barked, hopping off the hood. She crossed her arms, the dark hiding whatever angry expression she wore.
“I’m so sorry-”
“What the hell!?”
“I can explain-”
“Oh, you’re damn right you’re gonna explain! I’ve been sitting out here for twenty minutes, spent the last thirty before that looking for you, and why the hell do you have a phone if you’re not gonna answer it?!”
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, feeling deservedly chastised. “Can we sit in the car for this? I’ll explain everything” he mumbled, unlocking the doors.
“This better be a damn good explanation, there better be some life-saving heroics going on-oh my god!” Michelle exclaimed, as they sat, looking at Steve’s chest with wide eyes.
He looked down to see all the blood still smeared on his shirt, standing stark against the overhead light inside the car.
“You said you were alright!”
“Oh, no, it’s fine. It’s, uh, not my blood”
“That’s not better! What the hell happened!? Whose blood is that?!”
“I, there was- fuck” Steve took a breath, flustered from Michelle’s urgency.
“Did somebody die?”
“No, nobody died, it’s not as bad as it looks. Just- so, after I left the tent, I was walking around-”
Steve explained what happened, going over the important points again.
“They kept me around until the manager could show up and ask me what happened, and then I had to stick around and sign some paperwork, and it’s completely my fault for leaving my phone on silent. I’m so sorry, I didn’t even think about you” he finished, apologizing again.
“Well shit” she muttered, leaning back in her seat. The wind had been taken out of her anger as he’d told the story, and now she was looking out the front window in consideration.
“Yeah, it’s… there was a lot happening”
“Okay, so I’m sorry for yelling at you,” she said, “but you still deserved it a little for not answering your phone”
“That’s fair” Steve nodded.
“Okay. Good. And I’m glad you were there to help, that was a good thing you did”
“Oh, uh, thanks?” Steve said, self-conscious from the praise.
They sat in silence for a moment.
“Okay, now gimme the keys, you ain’t driving after all that” she said, holding her hand out and making a ‘gimme’ motion.
Steve didn’t argue, and they made short work of switching seats. There was another awkward moment while Steve silently sat in the passenger seat, waiting for Michelle to adjust his driver’s seat so she could see over the wheel.
“You’re also staying at Sam’s tonight, and no arguments” she pointed at him before he could say anything, keeping her eyes on the road as she started the car and pulled out of the lot. “He’s got spare shirts you can borrow, you can get cleaned and sleep on his couch, and tomorrow you’re gonna have a full breakfast with us. Then you can go home”
Steve nodded, smiling weakly. Honestly, he just wanted to sleep, and he didn’t much care where.
As Michelle drove them back, the radio on low, Steve shifted his hand to feel the folded paper in his pocket.
He thought about James, and how much fear had been in his eyes, and what he’d said to Steve before it all went wrong.
He didn’t remember all of it, he’d had other concerns at the time, but those first few words echoed in his mind now, vague and muddled.

  Your life is dull. You’re a creature of monotony.

He didn’t know why those words stuck with him, or why they bothered him so much. He liked his life. It was simple, he’d give it that, but he was comfortable and content. He had a house, a steady job doing art, and a non-zero amount of friends. He was happy. He was happy.
So why had that flier on the desk called to him so much?
It was more than just the gaudy design and bright colours. Something about it struck a cord with him, and the thought of it wouldn’t go away.
He watched the buildings and trees fly by as they drove, thinking about the flier and all it’s implications. Thinking about how that piece of paper represented the antithesis of Steve’s life summarized in a few lines of text.
More than anything, though, he was thinking about a man with a kind voice and soft eyes, whose red nails had caught his attention so thoroughly.
 
 
 
 
 

  

  
    Chapter Text
    “Mapon”
  Thap.
Steve grunted irritably at the light smack on his cheek.“Mapon”
  Thap.
His face was smooshed into the thick throw pillow of the couch, affording him only the one eye to blink open blearily, the blurred shape of Mona coming into view.“Mapon” Mona repeated, then gently smacked her chubby hand at his cheek with another thap.“I’m up, I’m up” he groaned, voice rusty with sleep.“Mapon-y” she said more forcefully, and Steve nodded, sitting up.“Yeah, okay, My Little Pony” he agreed, rubbing one hand over his face while the other reached for the remote on the coffee table across from him, turning the television on. It was already set to a children’s channel, and Mona gave a half-thought tank you as she scooted onto the couch in the space his legs had previously been taking up, her full attention on the screen.Steve ignored the manic energy of the toy commercial playing, leaning forward and groaning again, feeling groggy. He squinted at the tv box for the time- a little before eight in the morning. Barely five hours of sleep.He could feel the indentation of the pillow on his face, his mouth tacky and his eyes still sticky, each blink an effort. He exhaled deeply, sinking back into the couch. He’d just rest his eyes for a little bit until he woke up more…“Hey”“Hrm?” Steve groaned, blinking his eyes open again.Sam was standing by the couch, looking down at him with an amused expression.“Good time last night?” he asked while Steve sat up, wincing at his stiff neck. He looked over to the television, which was now turned off, the time reading eleven in the morning. He glanced over to see the couch empty, part of the blanket still curved around where Mona had been sitting, the girl now gone from the living room.“What?” Steve asked, rubbing the crick out of his neck.Sam grinned. “You and Mish got in late, man. We didn’t even hear you come in. And not that I’m complainin’, but I would’ve thought you’d go home after”“Yeah, she didn’t want me goin’ home alone” Steve mumbled, blinking away the last of the sleep in his eyes.Sam raised a brow. “What, you actually drank last night?”“You know I don’t drink. It was- just, some stuff happened”“Oh, stuff happened” Sam said with a laugh. “That why I wake up to find this on the washer?” he asked, handing Steve a post-it note.Steve held it up, reading the scribbled message written on it.Steve ruined his clothes Lent him yours Don’t open“Ruined your clothes, huh?” Sam asked, and his eyes pointedly fell to the shirt and shorts Steve was wearing, both of which Michelle had stolen from somewhere in the house last night.Steve was suddenly glad Sam hadn’t opened the washing machine. He had a feeling Sam wouldn’t be so cheery if he’d seen the bloodied contents.“Yeeeah, it’s not… a fun story” Steve said slowly, unsure how to broach the subject.“Oh” Sam said, the teasing gone from his voice, replaced with a sympathetic look. “Shit, sorry. You wanna talk about it or- no, you know what, I came you get you for breakfast, we got a spread goin’. You can tell or not tell me about it after”Steve smiled gratefully, thanking Sam as he stood, the two of them making their way to the kitchen.The smell of bacon was the first thing to greet him, followed by the sight of a generous spread of pancakes, eggs, bacon, and toast, along with a small bowl of berries. The third to greet him was Mona, who waved to him at the same time as she stuffed a plastic forkful of cut-up pancake into her mouth.“Hey Mona. Riley” he greeted the two, the other man already seated and eating from his own plate.“Morning. I hear it was a rough night” Riley said, grinning as he ate.Sam cleared his throat, giving Riley a look. Steve kept his gaze down at the table as he loaded his plate, letting the two quietly communicate in private. When he was done, Riley was notably less teasing, just as Sam had been.“So how was the burlesque?” Riley asked more carefully.Steve poked his plate, clearing his throat. His eyes cut to Mona before he started telling them a version of the story that was far less graphic for her sake, like how the fortune teller had simply ‘hurt himself’.“Do you know if he’s okay?” Sam asked after he finished.Steve shrugged unhappily. “They said he was fine when I asked. He didn’t need to go to the hospital at least”“F-fudge” Sam stuttered, catching himself on the swear in front of Mona.“You can say fuck, Lord knows that ship has sailed” Michelle said tiredly, walking into the kitchen.“Mama” Mona said happily, reaching her arms up in a grabbing motion.“Mornin’ baby” Michelle said as she leaned down and picked up her daughter. “Mornin’ all” she waved to the rest of them. Her hair was more frazzled than usual, sticking up in a poof of impressive bed head, her pajamas rumpled like she’d just gotten up.“Now you look like you had a rough night” Sam observed, making a plate for her as she bounced Mona in her arms.“Mm, this one tell you what happened?” she asked, indicating Steve.“A family version” Steve said, nodding to Mona.“Alright, well in addition to dealing with all that” she emphasized, “I was also up late dealing with the laundry, and you’re welcome” she said pointedly.“Thank you, but you really didn’t have to” Steve said, feeling sheepish. He’d just about passed out last night after washing the blood off his hands, and he felt bad he’d left it all to her.“Oh no, I had to” she countered, putting Mona back in her seat and grabbing the plate Sam prepared. “I wasn’t about to let anybody see that mess of a shirt. Looked like the damn Shining, and you know how Sam gets with blood”“Hold up,” Sam cut in, serious, “your shirt got messed with- I, wait, what d’you mean how I get?” he suddenly said, voice going higher with insult. “I don’t get anything”“You get touchy” Michelle said around a mouthful of food.“I get-? I’m a doctor”“And blood makes you touchy”“It makes me concerned”“I ain’t hearing a difference” she hummed.Sam made a frustrated noise, opening his mouth to retort, then closing it. He turned to Steve with a look instead. “You’re telling me everything that happened” he said, brokering no argument.Steve nodded, stuffing more food in his mouth to avoid saying anything else.“Oh-ho-ho, you’re gonna talk about more than that” Michelle laughed, though it sounded a little mean.Steve paused his eating, feeling something off in her tone. Was she upset about something from last night that he didn’t realize?But before he could ask what was wrong, she reached into her pocket and pulled up a folded piece of paper. He had a second to realize what it was before she had it unfolded and slapped on the table for everyone to see.“How about you talk to your middle-class white friend about how he wants to run away with the circus?” she sang, a dangerous look in her eye.“Uh” Sam said, eyebrows rising in surprise.“I’m not- I’m not running away with-” Steve stuttered, caught off-guard. He’d forgotten he’d stuffed the flier in his pocket, and he hadn’t put much thought into it after all but collapsing into sleep last night.“But you’re thinkin’ about it” Michelle accused, pointing a fork at him.“I, it’s not- It’s just something I saw. I don’t even know if I’d want to”“You’re a graphic designer! You have a house. You have a mortgage” she went on, steamrolling over him.Steve reached out and snatched the flier, folding it and tucking it into his pocket. “I don’t see why it’s a big deal. People backpack to Europe all the time, this is nothing” he said, suddenly feeling defensive.“It’s running away with the circus. What part of this” Michelle waved her hand up and down at Steve’s body, “says carny to you. You don’t even like karaoke”“Then it’s a good thing I won’t be doing karaoke” Steve bit out.Michelle’s lips thinned, but she sat back.“I’m not judging-”“Could’a fooled me” Steve muttered, looking down at his plate and stabbing another piece of pancake.“I’m not judging-” she repeated with more emphasis, “-but you know how this looks, right? You couldn’t even sit through their burlesque, what makes you think you can work there?”“It’s art, I’d wouldn’t be in the tent”“Alright, what about when you ain’t working? Gonna live in a trailer? And how long?” she leaned forward, arms crossed. “You got a life here, you got a job. Plus you’re not exactly the outgoin’ type”Steve pushed his food around his plate, fighting a scowl. He felt unfairly attacked, like she was digging into all his flaws- and right when he’d just woken up, too.He grit his teeth. “The position’s for an artist, and I’m an artist. I don’t- I’m not performing, I don’t need to be energetic for a crowd. And I lived in a car for two years, I can handle a trailer”“When the hell did you live-”“And I’m freelance” he went on, “I can finish my projects on the road”“You’re still dropping everything!”“You know I have savings, right? I could go to the Bahamas if I wanted. I’d call it a vacation and you wouldn’t think twice about it”“But this isn’t a vacation! You’re running away with the circus!”“I’m not running away!”“You’d be leaving your whole life if you go!”“What life!? ‘Cause you made it pretty clear I don’t have one!” he snapped.He hadn’t realized their voices were raised until those last words, when Mona started crying.Michelle cursed under her breath before standing and scooping Mona into her arms, hushing her gently. She gave Steve one last indiscernible look before taking her daughter out of the room.Steve deflated in his seat, the air now thick with the aftermath of the unexpected argument. The only noise was the awkward clink of Riley’s utensils as he resolutely kept his attention on his plate.“So I’m not gonna say my sister wasn’t outta line, because she was,” Sam said, pausing tentatively.Steve looked up at him, not in a mood to be handled.“And you’re an adult, so this is obviously your decision” he added quickly, hands raised, “and I’m just gonna say that, as your friend, I’m here if you wanna talk about it”Steve made a noncommittal hum in lieu of any response. He looked at his plate of unfinished food, his appetite gone.He didn’t understand why the thought of him trying something new had Michelle so upset- and why she was acting like he’d made the choice already. He’d honestly only grabbed the flier on a whim, the idea catching his interest. He hadn’t had the chance to even put much thought into it.“Thanks for the breakfast, and letting me stay the night” he said after another tense moment, getting up and moving his plate to the counter. “And the clothes. I’ll… I’ll drop them off later, but I’m gonna head home if that’s alright” he said dejectedly.“Yeah man, anytime. Don’t worry about it” Sam nodded, an apologetic look on his face, Riley echoing the sentiment beside him.The sound of Mona’s crying was growing quieter in the other room, but she wasn’t calmed yet. Michelle would be occupied for a few more minutes at least. Should he wait-?
  She’s still upset.
“Tell Michelle and Mona I said bye” he settled on, not wanting to deal with Michelle’s unwarranted attitude. He’d come by another time after she’d cooled off- when they’d both cooled off- to talk about it.He slipped out quietly, grabbing his things that had been left on the coffee table in the living room and making a beeline for his car. His house wasn’t particularly far, but it was enough of a drive to give him time to calm down and think.Did he want to join the carnival? The way he’d argued with Michelle, defending it like he’d made the choice already…The more he thought about it, though, the more appealing it sounded. A sudden desire for change, and one not entirely unexpected. It was the whole reason he’d gone the carnival in the first place, hadn’t it? And then later the burlesque.He wanted a change, something radically different than what he’d ever find locally.Normally a carnival wouldn’t have ever crossed his mind, the mere thought of it ridiculous with all the attention he would’ve gotten, all those eyes in the crowd-But then he’d gone to the fortune-telling booth, and it had been quiet. A one-on-one experience, no crowds or performances, just a small, packaged moment. Ignoring what happened afterwards, it had been… really nice.It was a facet of the carnival he’d never thought of, and he actually found it appealing when translating it to his art. It was a way to get out there- maybe a little extreme- but still controlled. One-on-one art he could share with people.Am I really considering this? he wondered.He pulled into his driveway and shut off the car, but didn’t get out.He loosened his grip on the steering wheel and sighed, looking out at his house. Now the points Michelle had brought up were coming to mind. It wasn’t like he could actually drop everything, could he?He did have a mortgage, and other bills he had to pay. He had clients with ongoing commissions, and he had…He had…?Oh. Well that was it, wasn’t it?Christ, not much of a life, he thought morosely.There was Sam and Riley of course, and a few other acquaintances he met through them. Garrett and Linda that he sometimes accompanied when their runs aligned. His neighbours. The HOA meetings he attended mostly to oppose whatever inane thing the over-controlling members tried to pull.It wasn’t much.Was this an early midlife crisis?
  No…?
Maybe.But then the more he thought, the more he wasn’t necessarily seeing anything bad about it. Sure, it would take a little juggling, but it wasn’t like he was throwing everything he’d worked for away, despite what Michelle thought. He’d actually listed a lot of good reasons at breakfast, even if at the time they’d been off the top of his head.Like he’d said, it was no different than a vacation- albeit with more work involved. He had savings to cover his bills, and his current commissions could be done on the road. Really, he had no other obligations to worry about.And so what if it was out of character for him? So what if he ended up not liking it? He could come home at anytime. There was very little risk involved for his personal life, he had a pretty decent safety net if it things went bad.He could easily join the circus.Oh.He blinked.
  I can easily join the circus.
He pulled out the flier from his pocket, reading over the duties and needed skills. While a graphic designer by trade, art was his real passion, and he excelled at it.That wasn’t misplaced confidence either- he had an unmistakable skill for it. There was a reason he was living comfortably in the suburbs as a freelancer.Portraiture? Piece of cake, he could do that in his sleep. Caricature? He’d done some cartoon work before, he could learn the style with a few YouTube tutorials. Those two alone ought to be enough, but he could pick up on the rest if needed.The crowds might prove more of an issue- he didn’t exactly have a reputation for his charming personality- but nobody in his life would call him an asshole either. He’d worked customer service before, he knew how to be polite to the public. Besides, it was art- he didn’t need to be as extravagant as a clown for that.And worst case? They didn’t hire him. Or they’d fire him. Then he’d pack up and come home.No harm, no foul.
  No strings attached.
Yeah, he thought. He could do this.He was going to do this.  “-and says ‘Why not?’. Now I can see she’s all wound up, ready to lay in me, so I say, ‘Because ma’am, that’ll literally kill you’”There was a burst of laughter from the group, with even Bucky chuckling along despite having heard this story from Clint already. Almost everyone had heard this story already, but that wasn’t the point of it.Each of them had at least a dozen stories of crazy customers and guests, and those stories were passed around like cheap cigarettes between the workers during their free time.Not that there was much free time with their lifestyle. Their days were occupied with work, whether it was entertaining, practicing their acts, or the manual labour of setting up or packing away.Today was a Monday, which meant is was a packing day. Tents and equipment were being disassembled and loaded into trucks, and it was all-hands on decks.Except for Bucky, who was ordered to take it easy. He didn’t particularly mind the break, he would’ve enjoyed the chance to kick back and read one of his books, but that was clearly not going to be happening.Word of his ‘episode’ had spread like wildfire, as it was wont to in their tight-knit group, and so Bucky’s trailer had become the hot spot for anyone who might give even the smallest damn about his well-being.All day, heads popped in at his door to say hi, ask how he was holding up. Sometimes coming in for a few minutes to chat. The early afternoon had been an exercise of seeing how many people could squeeze into his trailer as they ate their lunch, talking about their day and asking Bucky how his was going.Bucky gave them tight smiles through it all, saying he was fine, hiding his wrists in his lap despite the long sleeves that were already covering the bandages. If at any point he needed to grab something, be it his own lunch or a glass of water, there was a ceaseless number of volunteers who’d leap to grab it for him.They were all being so nice to him.He hated it.He didn’t know what to do with their smothering kindness, their smiles and jokes that somehow only made the elephant in the room that much more obvious by how they never acknowledged it. He often wished knowledge of his ‘condition’ never got out and he could continue hiding it under the guise of feeling sick and taking the day.Four years in the carnival had all but snuffed that possibility. He was technically a senior member at this point, and all the others permanent workers were in the know. And they all accepted him despite it.It made his head spin sometimes, how many people he knew now, and how good of a relationship he had. Real friends, who really cared about him. Too much, right now, but the reality was hard to dispute.And he knew an amount of them were here because Sharon had asked- had needed someone to keep an eye on him while she dealt with her other duties- but the fact of the matter was she didn’t need five people at once to do it at any given moment.They were good people- eccentric, but good- and Bucky didn’t have the heart, or energy, to kick them out. Not today, at least.He could suck it up and accept their company, listening to their stories while ignoring the twitch in his fingers as the cards sat heavy in his pocket, with a voice in his head constantly chanting read their fortune read their fortune read their fortune-He could suck it up for the day.“But Clint,” Morita said after the laughter had started to die down a little, “don’t you know the customer’s always right?”Clint barked, and that got another round of laughter.“Jesus, who asks to drink from someone else’s bottle? She didn’t even know you, who knows what you could’ve had?” Dum Dum admonished, though he was still fighting off the last snickers between his words.“No, but see, she was an expert” Clint said mockingly, “And everyone knows that fire breathers use alcohol, it definitely wasn’t kerosene in my bottle, no sir”“Should’ve just let her take a swig, see how much of an ‘expert’ she was”“Oh I wish, but, you know” Clint waved his hand vaguely into he air.“Liability” several people said at the same time.“You guys oughtta be careful, you’ll summon Fury if you say it loud enough” Bucky joked, earning more snickers in the group- until suddenly there was a knock at the door that got everyone exclaiming over each other boisterously.“Speak of the devil!” Clint laughed, leaning over to open the door.Of course it wasn’t actually Fury, that would’ve been far too much of a coincidence- instead it was Sharon, and Bucky felt a modicum of relief. Her presence meant he was about to get a break.“Hey guys, house call time” she said with a smile, waving her med kit.That was signal for everyone to leave, an unspoken respect for Bucky’s privacy- or maybe it was the elephant in the room, suddenly too acknowledged, and nobody wanted to face it.They all gave their goodbyes, shuffling out slowly and talking about how they ought to get back to work anyway. Those tents didn’t pack themselves.“So how was Wade?” Bucky asked as Sharon sat and opened her kit.“Oh, you know, same as usual. About a hundred holes in his back. Had to disinfect them all individually with a q-tip”“Ouch”“Yeah, but he said he got a few hundreds yesterday”“No kidding?” Bucky said, his brow raised in surprise.Wade was mostly in knife throwing and the fire acts, but about one day out of the month he was a human pin cushion too, letting people staple bills to his bare skin. As a way of getting money it was a hell of an eye catcher, but still, the thought made Bucky shudder.“Alright, put ‘em up” Sharon said once she had her supplies ready- her gloves, disinfectant, and a new roll of gauze.Bucky rolled up his sleeves, laying his hands on the freshly disinfected tabletop.“Any pain?” she asked as she started to cut away to old bandages.“Just an ache” he said with a shrug, somewhat lying.They ached, sure, but it was the heavy kind that ate at him not matter what he did to distract himself. They also itched like hell, a sign of the unnaturally fast healing that they didn’t talk about.Case in point, when the bandages were off, though the colour was an angry purple-brown from bruising, the skin itself was completely sealed. Not even a scar.Like he’d never been cut in the first place.Just like every other time, Sharon didn’t comment. She disinfected the area and reapplied new bandaging, her hands steady but gentle the whole while, and then just as quickly it was over. He rolled his sleeves over the his wrists again, the material of this particular sweater stretched enough to reach his knuckles, and tucked his hands back into his lap.“Thanks” he said quietly.Sharon made a humming noise as she put her supplies away, and then sighed, resting her arms on the table between them.“Seriously Bucky, how are you holding up?”He shrugged, playing with the ends of his sleeves. “Fine” he said simply. There wasn’t much to say.She looked at him sadly. “Is there anything I can do? I can tell Maria you need more time, she’ll definitely let you have it. You won’t get in trouble for this, I promise”“No, no, I’m good” he shook his head. “I’ll be okay to work again on Wednesday like I said”“But you don’t have to”“My hands will be fine to shuffle by then, I can cover the rest with makeup. Really, I don’t need the extra time”Sharon was frowning even more now. “Bucky, I don’t mean more time to physically recover. It’s okay to take some time for mental health. I know you don’t want to talk about it, and I absolutely respect that, but if it’s something like stress, or anything else, we can find something that works for you. Maria and Fury respect you, and they value everything you do here- they’d be more than accommodating, and I’ll back you up no matter what”Bucky smiled thankfully, even though he actually wanted to scream.She was so, so wrong about everything that was going on here- and what she was suggesting would make his life so much harder. Between the drunk guy on Saturday and Steve on Sunday, he hadn’t gotten as many readings as usual this weekend, and on top of not doing any readings today, he was already feeling the itch of compulsion.He’d abstain for another day until it didn’t physically hurt to handle the cards, but any more than that and he’d starts getting twitchy, like an addict in withdrawal. Sharon’s offer, while coming from a place of good intentions, was the complete opposite of what would be good for him.Part of him wanted to shake her and yell Stop! Stop trying to help!, but instead he just went on humouring her, pretending his issues were in his mind rather than his pocket.“Seriously, I’m fine. You guys already accommodate enough, and I want to work”She nodded, accepting his answer despite not being happy about it. He felt a little bad about it, but was relieved she at least respected his wishes.“Actually, there is one thing you can do, if you don’t mind” he said.Sharon perked up, listening. “Anything you need” she said, waving her hand like nothing was out of the question.“I could actually use some quiet time, alone” he said, then titled his head to the door. “You know how everyone is”And she did. Carny life didn’t attract the quiet type all too often.He could see a moment of hesitance, and he fought against rolling his eyes. “I’m not gonna hurt myself” he added, letting some of the irritation show in his voice. Could she give him a little credit here?That seemed enough to curb her wariness. “Yeah, okay. I’ll tell them you’re resting”“Thank you” he smiled, relieved.Sharon pulled her kit up against her chest like a school bag, getting up. “Just promise you won’t strain yourself. No heavy lifting, and text me if you need anything. And I’ll bring your supper later if that’s alright with you”“I will, and thanks, that’d be great” he said, sitting back as he watched her step out.She was partway down the steps, but caught the door before it closed, looking back in. “You know I’m here for you, for whatever. If you wanna talk or anything”“I know” he said tiredly. She said it every time.She gave him one more parting smile, and then the door closed behind her.He let his head fall back with a sigh, his shoulder falling now that he could finally relax. All day he’d had to put on a smile for his friends, for the people who kept poking their head in and checking on him, and this was the first chance he’d gotten to just be.He took a moment to appreciate it, then groaned and rolled his shoulders, hearing them crack in stiffness. He turned his head to look at their digital clock. He had maybe two or three hours until supper, and then it would be more people coming in and out.He sighed again, knowing what he needed to do now that he was alone. The sooner the better, while it was still fresh in his mind.Getting up, he went to the door and locked it as a precaution. He’d need to be careful to unlock it after, otherwise Sharon would go into a panic thinking the worst when she delivered his food.Then he went to his bunk area and crouched to the cabinet underneath, mindful of his wrists, and started pulling out boxes.The foremost were open bins that held his regular everyday clothes, the space acting as his dresser. Behind those were his less worn items: stuff one might call business casual, a swimsuit, his winter gear. Things he rarely used anymore, if ever.Behind those were more personal items, mostly keepsakes and miscellaneous junk he’d gotten during his time at the carnival that didn’t have a use outside of storage.Then, under all of that, was a metal box.It was simple and black, and about the size of a book binder. The dimensions were large enough to hold documents without folding them, and deep enough to store a dictionary. Next to the clasp was a small, four-number combination lock.He entered the code and opened it, the click of the mechanism soft to his ears.The first thing to greet him was a banking statement for a joint account he was part of, along with the bank card attached by a paper clip. Underneath that were other important documents- things for identification, his scant few records if they ever became important, a copy of his contract with the carnival. A sheet of names and addresses, along with their respective phone numbers. A silver necklace with a dolphin pendant. A single, dirty photograph that he avoided looking at.And then underneath all that was what he’d been looking for. A leather notebook, old and carved up in scratches, the corners worn and bent.The cover was a deep red, and in the center was a star, black as midnight.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve liked to think he handled deadlines well. He had a good grasps of his abilities, and his time estimates for a project were rarely off the mark.Still, a few hours to prepare for a drop-in interview was a tight fit for anybody.First and foremost he needed to adjust his work portfolio, pulling out most of the minimalist designer brands in favor of his more cartoonish work, and then stuffing in his portrait studies.Then there was the caricature work, of which he had none.He loaded up a series of YouTube videos and observed the styles, taking note of the advice, and then started a sketch of his own using random stock photos. It took him a few tries to get the proportions right, exaggerating just enough to make it stylistic without losing the original person’s face. Eventually he was satisfied with three of the final pieces, and he added them with his other samples.He looked at the clock and cursed. That had taken him a whole four hours of the day.His next challenge was his outfit. What did someone wear for a carnival interview? He could guess a suit and tie was too much, but he didn’t think full casual was acceptable either. The problem was that those were two opposite ends of the scale, and there was a lot of variety in the middle.He debated his options while he ate a very late lunch that was really a supper, and then some more as he showered. The question vexed him for another thirty minutes as he stood at his closet in nothing but a towel, cycling through everything on the hangers.A second opinion would’ve been nice, but he didn’t feel like getting in touch with the Sam-Riley household at the moment.In the end, he settled on the same outfit he’d worn at their wedding rehearsal; a dark blue button up, the sleeves rolled to his elbows, and a pair of dark jeans.It was getting close to seven by the time he was ready.He took a breath, standing inside at his front door, his keys in one hand and his portfolio and supplies tucked under the arm of the other. He searched himself for doubt, for second thoughts or fears that this was a bad idea, but found nothing other than nerves and a little performance anxiety.He could do this.He was going to do this.Standing tall and setting his mind, he stepped out into the evening, the sun still shining but getting close to the end of its arch.He had an interview to get to.  Steve pulled up to the carnival, a sense of relief at seeing all the trailers still in their place, though that was the only thing he could say had stayed the same since his last visit.Beyond the little park, the once busy bustle of tents and stalls were gone, as were the ticket booths and signs. Gone were the flashy colours and jingle of music, the din of a crowd yelling and talking over the noise.In its place was an open field, the grass flattened and sad, and a smattering of trucks parked in a line, the large white boxes sitting heavy with all the packed equipment. Beside those were a mishmash of other cars which he guessed belonged to the employees.The field was quiet and bare, and he only spotted a handful of workers moving about unhurriedly, some of them casting curious looks in Steve’s direction.Hesitantly he stepped out of the car, tucking his supplies under his arm as he closed the door.There was still plenty of sunlight to see by, and the trailer park- while looking like less of a maze than it had last night- was still unfamiliar to him. He had no idea where to find the manager’s trailer again.He supposed he’d just have to ask around.He made his way into the little city of trailers, the spaces between like alleyways that opened into small pocket areas holding chairs and tables, almost like a campsite, though all of them were strangely vacant of people.It wasn’t until he turned a corner that he finally spotted someone, her back turned to him.“Excuse me” he called, jogging a little to catch up before she disappeared to wherever she was going.“Hi, sorry, would you mind pointing me towards the manager’s trailer?” he asked.The woman turned around and froze, eyes going wide. Steve instinctively froze with her, suddenly worried he’d done something wrong.He tried to backtrack, “I- sorry, I can ask someone else if-”“Steve?” she asked in disbelief, cutting him off.His brow furrowed. How did she know his name?“Steve Rogers?” she asked again, eyes running up and down his body in bewilderment.“Yes? Have we met?”She shook off her surprise, seeming to come back to herself. “It’s Sharon. Sharon Carter” she added, and then suddenly it clicked.“Sharon?” he said in realization, her features suddenly becoming familiar.“Yeah!” she said, just as stunned as he was, and for a moment the two of them stood like that, gawking at the other.Steve was dumbfounded, not having expected to see his cousin of all people at a carnival. He hadn’t seen her since they were kids, and he was surprised he hadn’t recognized her face despite the loss of her childish features. They’d seen each other off-and-on during family visits, then spent the better part of a year living under the same roof. He was feeling a little mortified at not recognizing her now.“Hey. Hi” Sharon said, the first to speak.“Hey” Steve answered, still reeling.“You’re- wow, hi. It’s been… wow, sorry, you got big” she said, looking him up and down again.He also glanced down at himself, as if he’d forgotten what he looked like, and then huffed nervously. “Yeah, hit a growth spurt. Started exercising” he paused, and then added, “You’re looking good too”Sharon nodded, still coming to grips with their unexpected meeting. Steve didn’t blame her. The last time they’d seen each other…
  Get out of my house, and don’t you ever show your face here again.
“So are you… in the area?” she asked.“In-? Oh, yeah. I live a few miles away. And you’re…?”“Yeah, I work here” she said, then lifted the large red bag she was carrying with the words FIRST AID printed on it in thick white letters. “I’m one of the on-site medics. And mermaid”He nodded, and then remembered the show from the other night.“Were you the mermaid from last night’s burlesque? With the sailor skit?” he asked.“Yeah! The Fuckaneers, you saw that?”“I did, you were really good!” he laughed lightly, feeling a little less tense.Sharon laughed at that too. “Thanks! I guess you really wouldn’t have recognized me under the makeup and all” she said, waving at her face.“And it’s been a few years since I last saw you” he added.“More like a decade. God, I would’ve been what, eleven last time we saw each other?”“Yeah, sounds about right”“So… what brings you here? We’re not really open to the public right now” she asked, motioning to their surroundings.Right, the interview.“It’s, uh, a kinda funny story. I saw you guys, er, the carnival, was looking for an artist. I thought I’d try for an interview” he said, motioning to the supplies under his arm.“Oh, you’re still doing art?”“Yeah, got a degree and everything”“That’s great! I’m glad you got to follow your passion” she said, congratulating him.“And it looks like you followed yours” he returned, nodding at her bag. He had vague memories of her talking about wanting to be a doctor for most of a summer break.She shifted the bag in her grip, shrugging. “Yeah, I got into nursing for a while, then, uh…” she paused, something sad crossing her features briefly before she hid it with a smile, “then I was looking for a change of pace, so here I am”“That’s good to hear” he said. It really was good to find her enjoying her life.“But hey, don’t let me keep you” she said, shifting the topic, “You probably want to get to that interview”As much as he’d like to catch up a little more, she had a point. It was approaching sunset, and as late as it was, he didn’t think arriving after dark to ask for a job would make a good impression. Which also reminded him of why he’d approached Sharon in the first place.“Actually, about that” Steve said, chagrined, “Would you mind pointing me in the right direction? I don’t really know where I’m going”Which was how Steve ended up following her through the maze of trailers, passing unfamiliar faces that either watched them curiously or ignored them completely.To him the trailers all looked identical, and the odd mix of uniformity with the signs of people actively living in them gave the impression of something between a trailer park and sale lot.She eventually led him to a trailer that was more distinct from the rest. It had been too dark the first time he’d been here, but now, in the fading light of day, he could tell it was the manager’s trailer.It was far bigger than the rest, the whole thing beige with stripes of maroon instead of off-white, and he could almost feel the authority hiding within, like a dragon lying in wait.“So this is it” Sharon said, motioning to the trailer.“Thanks” Steve said, smiling and shifting awkwardly, “I guess I’ll just…”Did he say goodbye? Part of him wanted to catch up, but the timing wasn’t exactly ideal.“Oh, yeah” she nodded, looking like she was about to step out of his way and let him get to his interview when she donned a reconsidering look.“Actually” she said, moving up the steps, “you know what? How about I introduce you?” she said, knocking on the door before he could respond.Steve couldn’t stop his grimace, knowing he and the manager had already met on bad terms the other night. He’d planned on doing the reintroduction himself, well acquainted with having to smooth over feathers he’d ruffled in the first place, and he wasn’t sure how well Sharon’s attempt would go.It was too late, however, and she was already opening the door to enter, forcing Steve to follow behind.“Hello hello” she called cheerfully, and Steve had a moment’s pause when he saw not the woman from last night, but a man in an eyepatch sitting at the opposite desk. He looked up with a baleful glare, his hand going still from the paperwork he’d been working on.“Sharon” he greeted coolly. “Something I can do for you?” he asked, eye flicking to Steve only briefly, barely giving him a second glance, though Steve had the distinct feeling he was being scrutinized anyway.“I have someone here who’s interested in the artist’s position” she said, stepping aside to give Steve more of the spotlight.Steve raised his hand in a half wave. “Hi. I’m Steve. Rogers. Steve Rogers”The man sat back in his chair, looking at Steve even more critically, sight catching on the portfolio and supplies he held under his arm.“Oh really?” he said, then looked between Steve and Sharon. “And is he a friend of yours?”“My cousin, actually”The only response that got was a brief raise of an eyebrow before the man’s face returned to the inscrutable mask it was. “Your cousin” he repeated, sounding unimpressed.“Yeah, I- well, I haven’t seen him for a while, we just bumped into each other, but we grew up together!” she said.The was a moment- so fast he almost missed it- where she made an expression Steve didn’t quite catch, and the man returned a subtler one of his own. He looked back to Steve, tilting his head in consideration, before nodding to the chair on the other side of his desk.“Well take a seat, Mr. Rogers”There was the sense that something had been communicated between the two, and Steve suspected Sharon just had put in a good word for him.Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Steve took the seat.“Thank you, sir”“Mm, we’ll see. Call me Fury” he said, his pen picked back up and continuing its scribbling on the document. “And you can go” he added, dismissing Sharon without a glance.Sharon didn’t seem bothered by Fury’s bluntness, instead giving Steve an encouraging smile as she waved and let herself out.“So you’re interested in our artist’s position” Fury said, less of a question and more a statement of fact.“Yes, I am. I have a Bachelor’s in graphic design with a minor in art” he said, shifting into his professional voice as he pulled out his resume and handed it over. Fury moved the document he was working on to the right, pulling Steve’s resume to the left, and continued on as if he were reading both in an impressive feat of multitasking.“I’ve been working as a freelance graphic designer for the past six years with a focus on logos, infographics, technical illustrations-”He continued to rattle off his qualifications, going over his history and education in art. A lot of it was on the technical side, but he was no slouch in free creativity either. Before he’d made his living on it, he’d been a prolific hobbyist- it was how he’d developed his skill before even starting his degree.After giving his art experience, he touched on some customer service he’d done in his youth, front line stuff where he interacted with the public, peppering in the usual buzzwords.Steve would pause between the skills he listed, waiting for Fury to ask any questions, but he only made acknowledging hums, and so Steve carried on, growing more and more worried as the man across from him didn’t engage at all, unimpressed by what he was hearing.Steve didn’t let it trip him up though. After essentially giving an extended version of his resume, he pulled up his portfolio and flipped it open, laying it down for Fury to see.Now, finally, it looked like he was at least paying attention as he looked up from the papers and started to flip through Steve’s work. He scanned everything with a critical eye, pausing on certain works and skipping over others. He spent an especially long time looking over Steve’s portraits and caricatures, but… Steve wasn’t worried on that front.He wasn’t worried because there, right there was the spark of interest. His work spoke better than any of his words ever could. He supposed that someone looking for an artist wanted their qualifications shown and not described.Fury finished flipping through the portfolio, closing it without preamble and sliding it back to Steve, actually looking at him like he was more than a nuisance.“Alright. You’ve got potential. Let’s see the rest of it” he said, indicating the art supplies Steve had brought with him, well aware the job listing had said in-person demonstration on it.He pulled up the large sketching pad, flipping open to a blank page.“What kind of style do you want?” he asked, pulling out a small case that held a small mix of pencils and markers.“All of them”“All of them?”He raised a brow. “Is that a problem?”“No sir” Steve answered, gripping the pencil with purpose.“Good” Fury said, then reached into one of the drawers in his desk, pulling out a handheld stopwatch and clicking it on. “Because your time starts now”Steve had a second to take that in before he was immediately turning to the blank sheet, outlining the starts of a face. He needed the build the structure first, get the bones of the shape before he filled in the detail, then softened it with shading. He figured he’d start with his strength: realism.While he worked, Fury went back to his documents, the duet of their respective scribbling filling the trailer. Steve pushed himself to work fast- but not too fast. There was quick and there was rushed, and quality could only take so much of a hit.He got the structure done in short time, and the filling features came together like puzzle pieces. The strength of his brow, the width of his nose, the pattern of his trimmed facial hair. The eye-patch was an easy temptation to fall into, and if he’d been working off a picture, that’s what Steve would’ve put the focus on.But sitting across from the actual subject, he got the sense of what was truly the focal point of this man: his mouth.There were creases there- many were frown lines, anyone could point that out- but some were from smiles too. Hidden smiles maybe, if his gruff attitude carried over in most of his life. Steve could read a face, but not that well.In any case, those smile lines were what needed to be seen, not the eyepatch. In those lines were the real personality.Steve didn’t know how long he took when he finished, but he still had more to go. He tore the portrait out and placed it on the desk, moving on to the next work. There was a faint click as Fury marked his time on the watch, the counter still climbing for his next piece.The caricature.Steve switched to markers and began the bold strokes he’d learned only hours ago. While he did, he spotted Fury inspecting his work over the edge of the paper, but he didn’t let himself lose focus over it. He’d get Fury’s judgment after he finished.The caricature was a stark contrast from his usual work. While he tried to make his portraits about the real person, a caricature was the complete opposite. It was all surface with no substance- an exaggeration of the obvious. While political cartoons might use it maliciously, the aim here was a light comedy. You had to laugh with the subject, not at them.Before, where he’d made the eyepatch no more focal than an eyebrow or a mole, he now did the opposite. This character was the eyepatch, with a suck-on-a-lemon scowl that spoke of authority. The top of the head was made larger to accommodate the huge black fabric, along with the nose and brow to stay cartoonishly proportional. The eyes were shrunk down, the chin extended, the neck turned into a stick. He did all this while maintaining the recognizable features.The finishing touches were done with coloured pastels, laying on flat colours with simple highlights and shadows.When he finished, he tore the page out, laying it on the desk next to his previous work. The click of the stopwatch marked its completion, though Fury still held the piece like he wasn’t finished.His eye raked over the caricature momentarily, but then he was looking back at Steve.“Draw a butterfly”“What?” Steve asked, caught off guard.“Draw. A butterfly” he said, enunciating slowly as if Steve were dense, and then clicked the watch to start the timer again.“Uh, okay” Steve stammered, spurred more by the watch than the words as he pulled out his coloured pencils.A butterfly? What? he wondered. He was being tested, could suss out that much, but on what? Colours?He bit his lip, trying to decide on the palette he needed as he planned a design. Real-life studies played through his mind, trying to recall common patterns- the long petal shapes like stained glass, the symmetrical spots, the zebra-veined stripes. He was blanking on everything but the Monarch butterfly, but that was straight oranges, he’d need a design with more variety-His pencil was just about to hit the paper, the start of an outline at the tip of his fingers, when he stopped.He wanted to smack himself in the head.A butterfly. A butterfly. Jesus, maybe he was dense.Who asked to have a butterfly drawn?Kids asked for butterflies. On their face.Fury wanted a face paint design, and he’d almost done realism.He reassessed, discarding the pencils in favour of markers, dropping his nine colour choice down to four. He didn’t know much about face paint, but he knew simplicity was key. It was all flat lines and colour and fantastical designs.Drawing on a flat paper with marker wasn’t going to be the same as actually doing it on skin with paint, but he wasn’t exactly going to question his interviewer’s request- or challenge, it felt more like.He let his hand flow loosely as he made large swooping curves, adding twirling vines instead of rigid petals, filling in the colour on a gradient the best he could with markers. He let his creativity flow, the lack of structure giving him total freedom in design.When he finished, he was left with a pair of blue-pink wings in a purple outline, with some decorative dots for flair, and an abstract line that ended in twirling antennae for the body.It was by no means a masterpiece, but in his opinion it had all the makings to delight a child and impress the average non-artist.Would it be enough to impress Fury, though?The final click of the stopwatch marked his last piece, leaving Fury with the three samples of his work to judge him on. He put the timepiece away, laying all three works side-by-side to compare.Steve waited in silence as the man across from him scoured his lines and shading. He noticed Fury’s gaze kept falling to his own real-life portrait with a look of subtle admiration, and Steve felt a stab of pride. If nothing else, that one had at least been a good job.Fury must have come to some sort of decision, because he suddenly collected all three works into a pile and tucked them away into a drawer- Steve guessed he wasn’t getting those pieces back- and then leaned forward, arms on the desk with his hands together.“Your portraits are good, caricature could use refinement but it’s good enough to be paid for. You’re time’s slower than I like but not enough to put off customers. I’m assuming you’re a quick learner ‘cause everyone’s a goddamn quick learner around here, so I’ll let the butterfly slide, but I expect better in a month”Steve was taken aback by the blunt assessment. Had he-? Was this a job offer?“We’ll work out a schedule and how much you’ll charge later. You’ll have say of course, but I know what guests like to pay and they won’t take being charged like you’re a Picasso. End of the day you hand in whatever you earn into a communal pot- sixty-percent goes into upkeep, forty gets split between everyone else, you don’t complain if you get less than you made”Steve nodded, listening attentively.“We provide room, board, and transportation; if you don’t like it you can leave or pay for your own accommodations”Fury paused. Then, somehow, he looked even more serious- gravely so.“We don’t care about your background, that’s your business, but, we don’t tolerate troublemakers- that means no violence, theft, or any kind of assault to the guests, staff, or equipment”He stood then, looking over Steve menacingly, “And especially none of that shit towards kids. You hurt one kid-” he held up a finger, “and you’re not just out; you’re blacklisted. I know every damn carnival and circus on the eastern half of the country, and ain’t a single one’s gonna take you after that” he warned, pure threat in his hard voice.“Is that understood?” he asked when Steve didn’t answer right away, caught in a stunned silence.“Oh, uh, yes. Yes sir” Steve said, swallowing at the intensity of the gaze upon him. He had a stray thought of how the man really lived up to his name.“Good” he nodded, sitting back down. He pulled yet another drawer open and took out a small bundle of sheets, handing them over.“There’s the contract, it has all the details of what I just said, should answer any questions you have. Read it over, sign it, bring it back. We’re leaving tomorrow at eight sharp, if you miss us you can find us here” he said, taking his pen and scribbling an address on a sticky note that he then pasted onto the contract. “You’ll be on a six month probation, after that you’ll be considered for a permanent position if you want, but we can leave you on contract if you prefer”Steve nodded, taking the offered papers. “Thank you sir” he said, unable to hold back his smile.
  I got the job!
A sense of joy filled him, the rush of success and the thrill of something new. Here was his first leap into the unknown.His life had been mostly safe choices since he’d last gone into the world on his own, albeit unwillingly at the time, but it was all the more refreshing now that he was choosing to do it. And the comfort of his safety net- his home, his savings- pushed away any fears.“Is there anything else you need?” Fury asked impatiently, glaring at Steve with a raised eyebrow.With a start, he realized he’d been sitting in Fury’s office ogling the contract, and felt heat in his cheeks at the blunder.“No, uh, sorry. Just, thank you, for the opportunity” he said, getting up from his seat.Fury only hummed, going back to his paperwork now that his business with Steve was done. The dismissal would’ve come across as rude from anyone else, but somehow Fury made it seem impersonal in a way that left no hard feelings.You’re not unimportant, but I have a thousand and one other things to deal with so don’t expect any courtesy, his attitude seemed to say.Steve gathered his things and let himself out, a lightness to his step.Outside it had gotten dark, but he was met again by Sharon, who was leaning on the wall of the closest trailer with a flashlight in hand. She pushed off when she saw him, her smile growing when she saw the expression on Steve’s face.“Did you get it?”He held up the contract in answer, grinning. “Sure did”Sharon let out a little enthusiastic ah!, bouncing on her heels. “That’s great! When do you think you’ll start?”Steve tucked the contract into his portfolio, considering. He could start tomorrow, show up and leave with the rest of the caravan- but Michelle’s words still stuck with him like grime under his shoes, and he figured he ought to take her more valid points to heart and spend a few days sorting his business before leaving.“Fury gave me the address of your next town, I’ll probably drive down there later this week” he said.Sharon nodded. “Alright. Don’t wait too long though, we’re pretty strict on the schedule, Tuesday’s we move on to the next place”“I’ll be sure to make it on time” he assured, then had another thought. “And hey, you wouldn’t have any tips for… joining, I guess? I’ve never actually worked at a carnival”“Yeah!” Sharon said, agreeing easily. “If you’re okay sticking around, we can grab a bite and I can tell you about it. It’s been a while, I want to hear what you’ve been up to”He’d be an idiot not to take up that offer. Not just for her advice, but for the chance to reconnect too.“Sure, that sounds good” he agreed. “I know a good burger place nearby if that’s alright- my treat”“Oh, well now you’re getting the good advice” she joked, moving off to lead him out of the trailer park.He chuckled as he followed behind, feeling happier than he had all day.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky glared down at the design of the book, the red-black colours an inverse of the cards he carried, the center star a blatant reference to them. It was a perverse design that he hated, and yet he could never get around to binding the contents into a new book. He kept telling himself he’d do it one day, but he never did.
Maybe he wanted it this way. It gave him a reason not to pull it out too often- which was ironic, given how studiously he’d read the contents, not to mention how much effort he’d put into keeping it safe all these years.
He sat hunched on the floor, the mess of his items strewn about, his safe open with its contents bared to the world, ignoring all of it for the book.
He looked at the clock briefly to make sure he had plenty of time, and then he was opening the front, reading the short inscription inside.


   Property of Arnim Zola   If found return to 2768 W 8th Street,   Brooklyn, NY   718-555-7311 
And then underneath:


  Property of J. B. Barnes. If found go fuck yourselfReturn to the care of the Hill-Fury Carnivàle215-555-0104 contact@hillfurycarnivale.com
There was nothing else in the cover, no indication of what the pages held. Only the scratched out name of a dead man, the address of an empty building, and an old phone number that was out of service.
Underneath was his own inscription, his earlier messages written at a bitter time in his life, now scribbled out and replaced with what was hopefully his permanent address, transient as it was.
He’d read the pages front to back, word after awful word. A part of him knew there wasn’t anything in it that would help, but still, he had to look again. The thought kept nagging him, the fear of what if I missed something?
And even if he hadn’t, there was an obligation he had to fulfill.
So he started flipping through, skimming the entries.
The first thirty pages were from another journal, the sheets ripped out and pasted into this one. The paper was old and the handwriting long and looping. It was in a language he suspected was Italian.
Underneath each entry was a translation taped on with cue cards, written in English with a neat print that made Bucky’s work that much easier. The translator wasn’t credited, but it wasn’t Zola’s based on the handwriting.
The first entry was listed on November 14th, 1844.


  
    I am accursed in such a fowl manner by these damned tarocchi. I am shunned from my family and those I name friends. The Priest has declared me anathema, even his blessings do nothing- of what of my prayers?
  
  
    I carry evil everywhere I am to go, the Beast sates itself only with portent.
  
  
    News of my curse will spread, and I surely will be hunted. I must leave for where I will not be known. I have heard Pescara is agreeable, and it is beyond the Stato Pontificio.
  
  
    My Blessed Sister has gifted me enough scudo to keep me comfortable yet, but I fear it will not last me my journey. By the Lord’s Grace, I pray I will survive.
  
  
    Ambrogio Baldacci
  
It struck Bucky every time he read this entry, how far back the cards went. Ambrogio would mention later the person who had the cards before him, cursing them out for burdening him with the tarot, but he failed to detail anything more than that- like how he’d acquired them.
Did the last person create these things and loosed them onto the world? Or had they been another prisoner, like all the rest?
Bucky had resigned himself to never knowing.
He skimmed over the next dozen entries, snapshots of this man’s life as he fled through Italy, chased out of every town as a witch. He eventually found shelter traveling with some Romani people facing similar persecutions, making his way northward into Europe.
While his life had many uncomfortable parallels to Bucky’s, he didn’t detail anything that Bucky didn’t already know, and he moved on to the next prisoner.
No date on this entry other than the year. Another translation underneath, though he had no idea which language this one was in.


  
    1862
  
  
    I did not believe him when he thrust this journal in my hands. Upon first reading I believed it to be a record of lunacy. I entertained the thought of burning these pages if only to spare him the mockery of a fool that which he would surely receive in death.
  
  
    Yet the cards have proven all his pronouncements to be true. I am frightened.
  
No name was given. This mystery owner had three more entries that were similarly terse before ending.
He kept going.
The third, Polydore Lussiér didn’t last more than a year, dying on the street. Bucky only knew this because the fourth prisoner, Hervé Lussiér, had written it, citing the third owner as having been his brother.
He didn’t have many flattering things to say in his writing, given how Polydore had asked to speak to him in his dying moments, only to pass the cards to his brother with his last breath. The brother would then die six months later, also on the streets. He couldn’t hold a job with the cards, and disease took him fast, just like his brother.
These entries hadn’t been very encouraging when Bucky first read them.
The fifth was a man named Csongor Deák, who fared better and lived a decade with the cards. His writing was also not in English, though he’d learn the language later after successfully immigrating to America and changing his name to Connor Deacon.
The sixth lived through a whole forty years, though Bucky had gone a long while not knowing that.
Her entries were all in English, which ironically meant he had the most difficulty reading them. There was no neatly printed translation provided, and her handwriting had been near impossible to read at first. It was all cursive, the letters tight and the vowels only vague shapes, and it gave teenage Bucky a headache just to look at.
In the early years he’s simply skipped over them. It was only later, when his days were bleak and held no other escape that he’d spend his time attempting to make sense of it.
And once he had, well. He’d re-read them, over and over, because he’d inadvertently stumbled upon a gold-mine.


  
    June 27th, 1920
  
  
    My dearest Eustace brought me flowers again. He says they have meaning such like my cards. The daisy speak of how truly he loves me, and the pansies for how much I am in his thoughts, always. He spoke of regret that he could not afford the amaranth for how his love for me will live eternal.
  
  
    We kissed behind the wolfman’s cage at dusk. I feel my heart will burst.
  
  
    Bernadette Greene
  
Bucky had come across hope.
Hers were the only entries with anything good in them. It showed a life, one that was difficult and painful like the others, but with small pockets of joy. She had friends, and someone who loved her, even if he would later break her heart.
It was her entries that had given him even a modicum of brightness in his dark life, and it was her experience that convinced him to take the risk and join the carnival- because after all, it’s exactly what she’d done.
She’d come from a rich life- or maybe middle class, he wouldn’t know- but he recognized that she’d been comfortable. Then all that had been ruined by the cards, and she’d been on the path to dying in destitution like so many of the others.
Her saviour had been a traveling freak show, which had accepted her curse at face value, seeing her as the potential money maker she was. It turned her life around, giving her the best forty years a prisoner of the cards could hope for.
To this day, he was thankful for those little bright moments that had gotten him here.
As such, he had most of her writing memorized by now. Though he wouldn’t mind going back through some positive nostalgia, his private time was limited, and he skipped to the last entry.


  
    October 9th, 1942
  
  
    The strings have dug deep today, I am barely able to write. A murderer was in my presence again, but it was not a set path. I pray for his victim that they may live.
  
  
    I will have to cancel our planned evening with Alice, she must make do going to the Burgundy Room without me.
  
Bernadette’s last entry was just like any of her others, and then abruptly stopped. He never learned what happened to her as whoever got the cards next never wrote a single thing- or maybe the notes had gotten lost.
In any case, the seventh prisoner was a discrepancy in the record, a blanks space between 1942 and 1978. For all he knew, there could’ve been more than one person in that time- or none at all. The cards could’ve been sitting in a dusty box, her death too abrupt to pass them on.
Then the entries were picked up again in 1979 by the eighth prisoner.
Arnim Zola.
Zola never wrote of how he got the cards or the journal, referring to it only as ‘the incident of my binding’. He’d managed a respectable fifteen years of life, doing what Bucky couldn’t and raking in the big bills from Wall Street vultures while living out of his private fortune telling studio.
Near as Bucky could tell, the guy must have been some kind of scientist when he got the cards, because all he ever did was try to study them, omitting any kind of personal details that weren’t relevant. The factual nature of his entries made him seem like a cold, unfeeling man.
Bucky skipped ahead and read a random passage, if only for the sake of justifying that he ‘checked’ every section.


  
    July 8th, 1984
  
  
    Conclusion of Static vs Diverse Frequency Study
  
  
    In my study of correlation between the frequency of conducting a reading with one subject compared to reading a variety of subjects in a similar time, I have concluded that variety results in a greater satiation.
  
  
    When performing a reading for a single individual at a rate of ten unique questions in a one hour period, the compulsion to perform another reading was noted to have returned after six hours.
  
  
    Comparatively, when the same questions were asked by a unique individual for each- totaling ten unique questions by ten unique individuals- in a one hour period, the compulsion to perform another reading was noted to have returned after ten hours.
  
  
    In conclusion, ensuring more variety in subjects will allow for greater relief during off-hours.
  
  
    Note that this study does not reflect on the effects of long-term frequency of readings from regular subjects.
  
  
    Arnim Zola
  
Zola’s entries were all clear and concise like that, without room for alternate interpretations. There’d be no mention of what Bucky was looking for in any of them, so he didn’t bother to read more.
While these notes were the most helpful technical information ever written about the cards, Bucky couldn’t stomach to look at the writing for long. It only ever reminded him of the man behind the words, his beady eyes and chipped nails haunting the back of his mind.
Bucky never got to know the guy very well, their only interaction lasting all of ten minutes, but his hatred for Zola was strong, even after all these years. It ran deep, instilled early and galvanized over time and hardship, remembering the weaselly little man who’d ruined his life-

  Don’t.

-but that was an avenue best left alone. His life wouldn’t get any better stewing on old resentments for a man who was long dead.
Instead, he skipped past Zola’s section and into his own. The writing was sloppy at first, but it slowly grew neater as the years went on and Bucky actually put effort into recording his experiences.
He was about three-quarters into the journal before he landed on his last entry, dated a few months ago. He tried to keep up with regular updates of his life, even if nothing exciting was happening. Just little snippets to show he was managing, providing a future reference to whoever it was that might read it next.
Of course, if something major occurred, good or bad, he tried to include those too, aiming to follow in Bernadette’s example- and obviously something major had occurred last night.

  The Prisoner does not ask questions.

It was a well known fact. Every prisoner had tried it, all with the same results. The cards didn’t read the prisoner. Not ever.

  You will be confined to your fate. You will be bound to your death.

So what changed?
He pulled out a pen, starting a new line. He had to write slow, a fine tremor in his hands as his wrists complained from the effort.


  
    Something crazy happened last night. The cards read me! They read the Prisoner! My wrists are shot to shit, but I have to write it all down before I forget anything… 
  
He carefully detailed last night’s events, including the mention of having met Steve on Saturday and the drunk he’d read later that same night, in case either of those details proved relevant. There was no way to tell which parts had been important factors to the reading.
Twice he had to stop, swearing as he felt his heartbeat in his wrists, the muscles burning from the tension. By the time he finished they were aching worse than before, shaking so badly he’d needed both hands to hold the pen.
Sharon was going to lay into him if she noticed later.
He read over his writing to double-check, and then nodded to himself, satisfied with the entry. He closed the book and put it back in the box, covering it with his less important documents and sealing it away again. Then he went through the much harder task of putting everything back in the cabinet in roughly the same order it had come out, his wrists sending jabs of pain despite his attempt to go slowly.
I should learn to use my feet, he jokingly thought at one point, thinking of Clint and his gross monkey-foot habits that would’ve been useful in this particular moment. It wasn’t the first time he’d had to push through the pain, and it wouldn’t be the last. All he could really be thankful for was that it was never permanent.
As he packed, he went over everything again in his mind. Having written it all down, he was no closer to an answer than before. He’d been hoping to stumble upon some kind of discovery, using the old records to leverage a revelation- find enough clues to connect the dots.
But no. All he’d done was drag up the past, for better or for worse. He was no closer to an answer than he was before reading.
Maybe the next  prisoner  will find it helpful, he thought glumly, shutting the cabinet door.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve woke up the next day feeling… he wanted to say lighter. His room had a thick air to it, like it was blanketed in quiet- like his house was getting ready for a hibernation.He was probably projecting, but still. It was a comfortable feeling. A calming feeling.He started his day leisurely, with an easy breakfast of eggs while the news played on low, his laptop in front of him as he pulled up his professional website, logging on as an administrator.He went about creating a message at the top of the page informing visitors he would not be accepting any commissions at this time. He set up an automatic message in his email that he was ‘out of the office’ and his responses would be delayed.Then he double-checked that all his bill payments were set to automatically take from his chequing account.And he was essentially done.Online banking was a wonder of convenience.He set down his mug and drummed his fingers on the table, frowning. This was all too easy.If he wanted, he could spend a few hours packing and then hit the road. Was that weird? Didn’t it take people longer than this to pack up their lives? Did it say something about him that he could up and leave in a day without notice?His fingers kept drumming on the table.Maybe this new experience would be good for him. Get out there and into the world. His thoughts went back to last night’s supper with Sharon, and the conversation they’d had.“Road life isn’t as pretty as it sounds” she said, snagging another fry from their shared plate. “You’re new too, so it’s going to be extra sucky”“In what way?”“So permanent workers get their own trailers- they double up. The ones with animal performers get their own solo, but they share with those same animals too. The temporary workers, on the other hand, get the bunks. Like, there’s gonna be five of you in there like sardines”
  Steve nodded. He could do cramped spaces. Shared spaces though? He’d have to see.
“And there’s no toilet in there either” she said pointedly. “You’re gonna be using the Porta Potty about ninety percent of the time. We’ve got a shower trailer, it’s got three showers in it for employee use, but good luck getting hot water”“Jesus, you live like that too?”“Haha! No” she said, laughing and shaking her head. “My trailer’s got a toilet; most permanent worker’s do. And whenever we stop, a few of us pool our money and get a hotel room together- or motel room, whatever’s close- and we share the shower. We trade off who gets to sleep in the bed too”“Fancy” Steve drawled.“Say that again when you’re on your tenth cold shower”
  Steve laughed. He didn’t doubt he’d be joining in on the practice. Hell, he could just get himself a room every time they stopped, bypass the trailer life altogether- but that would eat into his savings pretty fast, even for him.
“What about food?” he asked.“Oh my god, the food! Don’t even get me started on the food” she started. “It’s like school lunch. Every. Day. We have a goddamn chicken nugget day” she said, rolling her eyes.“Is it bad?”
  She shrugged. “Eh, it’s… fine. They keep it on rotation so it’s not the same every day, and they have a fruit and veggie section so you don’t get scurvy, but this,” she said, motioning to the food between them, “this is like fine dining to me now. Your standards are going to get low, let me tell you”
He smiled at the memory, tasting the eggs still on his tongue and consciously appreciating them.Sharon had been incredibly helpful, giving him tips on what to pack, what to expect, and what to avoid doing to get on people’s bad side.He’d felt a stab of shame, then, at not telling her about the incident. She probably knew James, especially as one of the medics. She might have even patched him up after last night, yet he couldn’t bring himself to tell her.And there was the main point of his worry. It was going to come up, he had no doubt of that. One half of the co-owners didn’t like him already, and a number of the workers who’d escorted him out hadn’t been welcoming either.None of that even counted on James. At best they guy would be scared of him, and that was an awful feeling.Still, a part of Steve wanted to make it right- and he wanted to make it right on his own. He could’ve told Sharon then, explained his side of things, gotten her to understand that his actions had good intentions, and ultimately, good impact.And then maybe she’d have a talk with the others, explain what happened and smooth the way over for him. It would save him a lot of trouble and what was almost guaranteed to be a rough start.He needed to do it himself, though. Sharon had already gone above and beyond with introducing him to Fury- she might have been the entire reason he’d gotten the job in the first place- and he wasn’t about to abuse her kindness to fix the mess he’d made.He’d only just reconnected with her too, and he didn’t think their tenuous relationship was at that point yet. He didn’t want to put any strain on it, and for all he knew, she could lose out on her own connections if he had her stick her neck out for him.So no, he didn’t tell her about the incident with James, regardless of whatever consequences that would bring.For now though, he needed to find something to fill his week before leaving, otherwise it was going to feel like he was puttering around for nothing.Obviously there was work. He was close enough to the end of one commission that he could finish it in the coming days if he worked a little overtime, leaving him with his remaining three commissions to do on the road.It would also give him time to consider what to do with his house. There were utilities that he could either keep paying or turn off while he was gone- but then, the real question was if he wanted to keep the house available or not?Renting out on Airbnb had been an idea he’d vaguely floated in his mind, as was going the route of a short-term lease. He wouldn’t be there if an issue came up, but he had no doubt Sam and Riley would be more than happy to take on the responsibility if he cut them in on whatever income that brought in.But was the extra income even worth it? Did he really want strangers staying in his house? And what if the carnival fell through and he needed to suddenly come home? Would he be stuck on Sam’s couch for a month waiting for his own house to be available?It was a lot of options that he wasn’t sure about, and taking the week to think it over was the wisest choice at the moment.He sighed. As much as he wanted to just go, he wasn’t stupid enough to actually follow that particular spontaneity. Joining the carnival in the first place was plenty spontaneous enough.And speaking of responsible choices…He turned to the small pile of stapled sheets off to the side- the job contract Fury had handed him, signature lines still blank.He’d read through the it last night, but it had been late by the time he’d dropped Sharon off at the carnival, and he’d been on the way to dozing by the time he’d started skimming the words.He was awake and sharper now though, and he gave the terms a proper read-through.As near as he could tell, it was all pretty standard. As a freelance worker himself, he was no stranger to reading his own contracts, and he’d learned to navigate them decently enough.There wasn’t anything in it that Fury hadn’t already mentioned, albeit with more detail and legal language.There was no set duration, and he could leave- or be let go- at any time. The carnival couldn’t fire him for discriminatory reasons, but seeing as one of the acceptable reasons to be dropped was unsatisfactory performance, they were all but free to do as they pleased.What it came down to was a trade-off. Complete freedom to go in exchange for a lack of job security- but as Sharon had described, half their labour force was paid hitchhikers, so that seemed more of the norm.The pay system was definitely an interesting one, too; a kind of strange, communal tip jar. There was something familial about it though, like they were all working together to keep each other afloat.Steve’s own duties were listed on the final pages. It was somewhat vague, describing him as an artist entertainer, and his duties were only a set of hours he was supposed to be entertaining guest in addition to as needed services for the carnival.That was fine though- it was meant to be vague. At least there was a reasonable minimum and maximum hours per week.The biggest caveat was the supplies. While they outlined they’d buy refills, he’d need to supply the initial materials himself. He supposed that was fair- it would be a decent loss if they paid for all those supplies only for the artist to leave.Really, everything about the contract looked above-board. I little flimsy maybe, but what did he expect for temporary work? For carnival work, no less.The buzz of his phone sounded, and he put the contract down to look at the new text.
  SamHey, you doing okay?
Steve winced at the text. He should’ve messaged Sam yesterday to let him know everything was fine.
  MeYeah, all good. Sorry for the silence, I needed some time
  SamNo worries man. Wanted to check in. You had a rough night and didn’t deserve to be yelled at about the job
  SamI talked with Mish about that btw
  MeYeah?
  SamYeah. She wants to apologize and have an adult conversation, the whole nine
  MeI could come by this afternoon? Maybe around 3? I can drop off the clothes I borrowed too
  SamSounds good
  MeSee you then
He closed the screen, putting the phone down and worrying his lip. At this point he’d settled on his decision, and he didn’t know how Michelle would take the news. Part of him just wanted to swing by, drop the clothes on Sam’s steps, and then run away; avoiding the whole deal.But Sam had said she wanted to speak like adults, and while she’d been the one acting childish, he’d be no better if he didn’t bother listening to what she had to say.So he spent the rest of the day on his commission piece, ignoring the itch to immediately pack. When that didn’t pan out, he caved with the compromise of only digging out the bags without filling them just yet.Which was how he discovered the only bags he owned were his reusable grocery sacks, his messenger bag, and an old backpack.When had that happened? He used to own three suitcases, used to live out of those tattered things, and now-?
  Spring donations.
He sat back, remembering. His life had been going so well, so boring, that he’d donated or trashed most of his old things from his rougher days.He rubbed a hand over his face. Dammit.While he stood by that decision, it still hit home the fact that he didn’t own anything for travel. Not even some shitty camping gear.
  Why didn’t I notice?
He huffed. Well. Something to add to his list of things to do this week.With that thought, he grabbed Sam’s clothes from the wash and carried it with him to the car, reluctantly driving to his friend’s house.When he arrived, he hesitated before knocking on the door, hearing the telltale sounds of someone coming to answer, the door swinging open.“Hey Sam” he greeted, holding up the clothes like a weak offering.Sam took the clothes, stepping back to let Steve in. “Hey, ‘bout time you showed up” he joked.Steve smiled sheepishly. They both knew he’d dragged his feet coming here.They went to the living room, the house ominously quiet.Steve crossed his arms, shifting on his feet. “So Michelle wanted to talk?”“Yeah, but,” Sam sat on the couch, inviting Steve to do the same, “I got some things to say first”He sat in the adjacent armchair, sitting forward attentively.“So Michelle was outta line, I’m not excusing that, but she has some reasons. And not gonna lie, I’m also concerned about this sudden wanderlust you got, but we can talk about that later”Steve nodded. He was surprised Sam hadn’t said anything about it sooner- this was the sort of thing he would’ve gotten on his case about if Michelle hadn’t beaten him to it.Sam rubbed his hands together, taking a moment to continue. “So Michelle has some hangups about… people leaving” he said, giving Steve a hard look that this was a serious topic. “She’s technically my cousin, but we grew up together when my parents took her in. And I’m sure you’ve noticed how we never talk about Mona’s father. So you can see where she might be a little touchy on you up and leaving for a circus”That was… yeah. He could connect the dots- absent parents, absent partner. People abandoning you. It didn’t make it right, but it gave some context for Michelle’s outburst.“So, you know. Don’t take it too personal” Sam finished. “And don’t tell her I told you any of that, ‘cause she’ll kick my ass, then your ass, then my ass again” he added.Steve didn’t doubt that.“Yeah, that’s. I get that. Thank you” Steve said earnestly. While it was questionable if Sam was entitled to share what he had just now, the extra context did help Steve piece together some of Michelle’s point of view.“Don’t mention it” Sam said, then put a hand on Steve shoulder without smiling, “Seriously, never mention this talk. To anyone”Before Steve could answer, there was the clatter as the front door opened, the voices of Michelle and Riley drifting in.“-have avocado flavour but not chocolate? It’s one of two staples! Like I ain’t bashing avocado, but for real? You ain’t gonna have chocolate ice cream in your ice cream- oh” Michelle stopped short mid-ramble when she entered the living room and spotted him and Sam in their seats.Steve waved awkwardly. “Hey”“Hey” she said tensely, eyeing Sam accusingly.“Nuh-uh, don’t give me that. I told you he was coming” was Sam’s only response as he got up to greet Riley, who was herding an ice cream-carrying Mona into the house.Michelle’s mouth twisted, crossing her arms the best she could while holding her own ice cream cup.Sam met Riley with a quick kiss and a quiet exchange of words before looking down to Mona.“Hey lil’ lemur, how about we go out back and finish that ice cream on the swing bench?”“Mm-hmm” Mona replied happily, the spoon in her mouth wobbling as she nodded.Riley waved awkwardly to Steve on his way out, finding himself on the receiving end of being herded. Steve had a brief feeling of sympathy for the man, who was caught in the drama like a leaf in the wind. If only Steve were so lucky.Michelle cleared her throat once they’d left, the two of them alone now.“So, I’m sorry about yesterday” Steve started.Michelle, who looked like she’d been ready to get defensive, let out a breath instead, her posture deflating into something tired. She uncrossed her arms as she reluctantly sat where Sam had been, looking down at her cup rather than at Steve.“No, you didn’t do anything wrong” she admitted morosely.“Well, I shouldn’t have yelled”“I shouldn’t have yelled” she waved away. “I shouldn’t’ve even started that whole mess”A pauses. “And I’m sorry that I did”Steve smiled weakly. “It’s okay”They sat in silence for a long moment after that, the tension far from gone. Steve drummed his fingers as she picked at her dessert.“… do you wanna talk about it?” he ventured to asked.She sighed again, stabbing at her melting ice cream. “No”Another stab, another sigh. “Yeah. I guess” she amended.Steve waited for her to start.“I have… hangups. They’re my own problem, but your whole… thing, got me touchy about it”Steve nodded attentively. This was something difficult for her to talk about, and he wasn’t going to interrupt.She huffed and put her cup down, bracing herself. “Just, I got issues with people leaving, and that ain’t on you, and I shouldn’t have put it on you” she said, looking him in the eye. “And normally I’m better about it, but, it’s. I’m just-” she made a frustrated noise and leaned forward, putting her head in her hands.“Fuck, just, my lease is ending in two weeks, and my fuckin’ landlord won’t fuckin’ renew it, and prices are all goin’ up and I my job doesn’t pay enough! And now I have to move here with Sammy ‘cause otherwise me an’ Mona will be homeless, and my apartment came furnished so I don’t even own any of our furniture and we’ll lose it all when we get kicked out and now I’m just dumping all this on you too! Fuck!”She huffed again, going quiet, her head still in her hands.Steve was taken aback. That was… more than he’d expected. A lot more. He took a second to process what she’d just said, and then felt a deeper stab of sympathy.“What if you moved into my place?” he blurted.Michelle looked up at him like he was crazy. “What?”The thought had sprung up without much consideration, but now that he’d said it, he wasn’t necessarily regretting it. “Yeah. I’m gonna be gone for a while- I got the job at the carnival by the way- and my house is just gonna sit empty. I was thinking Sam would check up on it, but I’d be more than happy if you wanted to use it”This was actually perfect- he’d have someone watching over the house, and Michelle and Mona didn’t have to squeeze into a single guest room.While he didn’t know how long he’d be gone, he had a rough hope to last a few months at least- six even, maybe more- and if he came back early, well, he’d have an easier time working it out with Michelle than if he lent the place out to a stranger.“Steve, I- no. No. This was just venting, none of this is on you” she said dismissively. “Look, I’m stressed, I took it out on you yesterday and that wasn’t okay, and I’m sorry for that- end of story. I still think what you’re doing is stupid, but it’s your life and I ain’t stoppin’ you” she said, then added “And I ain’t takin’ your house”“No, but it’s perfect” Steve insisted. “It’ll be empty whether you take it or not- and I’d rather you take it”“But I can’t afford-”“I’m not asking you to pay anything. Just, I don’t know, keep it in order. Dust the shelves once in a while. Bring in the mail. If it all works out I’ll be gone for a few months, you can at least use that time to stay comfortable”Michelle eyed him with a suspicious look. “Are you doin’ alright? You won’t even go to restaurants and now you’re joining the circus and giving away your house? Do you need to see a doctor or something?”Steve huffed. It was admittedly a little out of character, but also…“It just, it feels right” he tried. “I don’t know how to explain it, but I- I feel this pull to get out into the world. And, yeah, it’s sudden and it’s wild for me, but I feel so much, I dunno, lighter. Like I’ve been sitting at a window and the curtains have only just been opened for the first time, and now I wanna go outside and smell the fresh air”“… So, like, a midlife crisis?”“Maybe? I’m not even in my thirty’s though, don’t know if it counts”“Hey, we don’t know when we’re gonna die. This could be midlife for you” she grinned, looking happy for the first time since he saw her today.Steve gave her an unimpressed look. “Thanks”There was a beat, and then they were both laughing. Like a pin had been pulled, all the tension drained out of the room.“Lord, what’ll I tell my friends at home? I’m living in a clown’s house now?” she chuckled, laughter slowly dying down.“Artist’s house. I’m doing art” he corrected with a grin.“You’re leaving a stable house and job for circus life, I’ma call you a clown”Steve scoffed and waved her off playfully, accepting the concession. He didn’t mind people thinking his choice was stupid- in a lot of ways, it was- but all he was asking was that they respect it.“I heard laughing through the window and I’m assuming we’re all good here” Sam said as he peeked his head in.“Yeah yeah, we worked it out” Michelle said with an eye roll, patting Steve’s leg as she stood. “Hallelujah, Saint Samuel brings peace into the house once more, and now I can go eat ice cream with my daughter”Sam only stuck his tongue at her as she passed, then turned back to Steve. “So you guys good?”Steve nodded with an easy smile. “Yeah, we’re good”“Great. Now get your ass out here, the artisanal vegan ice cream Riley got you is melting”Steve’s eyebrows rose even as he pushed out of the seat. “Vegan ice cream? What’s that even made of?”Sam shrugged. “Whatever’s in vegan milk. Soy or something. Almonds maybe. I got a stash of Ben and Jerry’s here so I wouldn’t know”“Isn’t Riley allergic to both of those?”“He filled his cup with fruit toppings. Says it’s the cheapest fruit cup in the tri-state”Steve shook his head, laughing under his breath as he followed Sam outside to enjoy the rest of the day with his friends.  “Left, left” Steve called as he balanced one end of a mattress, slowly walking backwards into what was once his studio space.“I am going left!” Riley called back from beyond the door where he held the other end.“My left”“Well say that next time!”“You brought the frame in with me! It’s the exact same thing!”They finally got it in, rotating and setting it onto the bed frame, huffing as they did. Steve took a step back to admire the mostly finished room now that the mattress had been placed while Riley caught his breath, the other man far more winded.Sam and Riley had been kind enough to lend the furniture from their guest room, which consisted of all the basics plus an extra-large double bed. It wasn’t much when split between two people, but now that Michelle was taking Steve’s room, it was more than enough for Mona.He’d spent the week preparing as planned. A few late nights had gotten his one commission complete and finalized, his payments were automated, and his belongings were either packed or stowed away to make room for his house’s new occupants.He’d also spent a good share of the week at Sam’s house in a bid to spend as much time as he could with his friends before leaving. They’d sat together for suppers and lunches when they could, with evenings spent watching movies while Steve practiced his caricature and face painting.Mona turned out to be a huge help as a volunteer for the later, alternating between allowing Steve to practice what the internet said was common requests and letting her decide what he did- the spontaneity of her suggestions challenging him in a good way.The adults even got in on it, letting Mona choose their faces, which almost led to hysterics when the little girl boldly proclaimed that Uncle Sam is a fairy! when asked what his design should be. Michelle had nearly ruined her kitty face paint as she held back tears of laughter, biting her lip with barely restrained snorts, and Riley had to look away with a hand over his mouth as he fought his own giggles. Sam, to his credit, managed to mostly keep his expression still as Steve painted his face with a colourful design of vines and highlights that one might call enchanting, the both of them grinning.But now it was late Monday afternoon, and they’d spent most of the day setting up Mona’s room. Michelle had already been given the run-down of the house, told the important details like when was garbage day and such. She had his number if anything came up, though Sam and Riley were likely going to be the first choice of contact for any real issues.They’d so far only moved in the items they already had packed for Sam’s. Steve had offered to help them move the rest of their items from her apartment, but that had been shot down immediately.“Hey, for all I know you’re gonna come back in two weeks and then we gotta pack everything back up”
  Steve furrowed his brow. “You know I wouldn’t just kick you out like that-”

  She held up a hand. “If you’re still convinced to stick with your circus life after two weeks, then I’ll bring my stuff, but until then we’re gonna live light” she said, leaving no room for argument.
Thinking it over, he realized it was a fair precaution. She would effectively be homeless in a week, and while Steve would never send them away with nowhere to go- even if they did have Sam’s house to fall back on- she was right to be careful.She had to look out for her daughter, and while he didn’t appreciate her lack of faith in his commitment to see his carnival position through, he could respect the caution behind it, and so he’d dropped his offer to move all her belonging in before he left.“Alright, I got the sheets and stuff, should be everything” Sam said as he entered the room, arms topped with the pillows and bedspread.“Thank you, my dearest husband, for carrying in the sheets and nothing else” Riley said from where he sat bent over on the bed, breath still coming a little short.Sam grinned and wiggled his fingers from under the pile he carried. “Gotta keep my doctor’s hands safe” he shamelessly teased.Steve frowned, looking over the furniture again. “I could’ve carried it all myself if it was too much” he said, worried he’d overworked his friend. He’d only needed a second person to leverage the other half of the furniture, but if it had come down to it, he could’ve managed. It was no worse than when he’d moved his exercise equipment yesterday- hell, his weight set was heavier than anything in the room.“Mister Humble-Brag, everybody” Riley said sarcastically with a flourishing wave, and Steve had the decency to look abashed.The three of them got the sheets on with ease, and then they were exiting to the living room where Michelle was playing with Mona to keep her occupied and out of the way of the furniture moving.“Is that the last of it?” she asked.“Should be” Steve said, pausing near the couch. He took another look around the main living space, now more open and bare without some of his personal items or equipment- not that he’d moved much. He didn’t think Michelle would purposely destroy or steal anything, but Mona was still a toddler and accidents would happen. As such, he’d done a cursory child-proofing of moving anything easily breakable into storage.“You heading out then?”“Yeah” Steve said. His car was packed and the tank was topped off, ready for the journey.“Sure you don’t wanna stick around for supper?” Sam asked.He shook his head. “Nah, I’m just gonna grab a burger on the road. I wanna get there before it’s too late so they can get me set up”“Can’t you leave tomorrow morning then? It’s been a busy day already”“They leave on Tuesdays, and I wasn’t told the next town they’re hitting. It’s gotta be today”And sure, Steve could’ve probably found their next location if he missed them, that was the convenience of the internet, but it wouldn’t make for a good starting impression. He said he’d be there this week, and he was going to stick by that.Sam sighed quietly, understanding but unhappy. They’d had their own private conversation of what Sam thought of his decision, and like Michelle he also thought it was very stupid, but was respecting it nonetheless.“Well then don’t let us keep you” Riley said, coming up and opening his arms for a goodbye hug that Steve gladly returned.“We’re gonna miss you” he said as he thumped Steve on the back, and then he was stepping back for Sam’s turn to hug.“Don’t do anythin’ stupid”“I kinda already am” he said, and they both laughed.Then it was Michelle’s turn- or, Michelle and Mona’s turn- as she picked up her daughter to give him a combined hug from them both.“Bye-bye Ste’e” Mona said.“Bye-bye Mona” he said back, smiling at her attempt at his name.“Check in with us, okay? Even just a text every once in a while so we know you’re alive” she whispered as she squeezed him tight, Mona’s hands echoing hers around his neck.He squeezed her back. “I will” he promised, and then added with more levity, “And don’t burn my house down”She snorted. “Oh, is that all? Low bar you’re settin’ there”“Eh, you’ll handle it” he shrugged as they let go, then considered. “But if there’s anything, there’s a fire extinguisher in the kitchen and garage. And I had the smoke alarms batteries replaced in January-”“Yes! A great goodbye, we’re all teary-eyed, gonna miss you, now out the door with you” Michelle said drolly, shooing him to the door as the others laughed, Steve included.“Okay, okay!” he laughed, walking to the door, hands up in mock surrender. The others followed behind him, stopping as the driveway as he got into his car.He rolled the window down, leaning out. “Really guys, thank you. I know this isn’t… well, you know. But thanks for being here for it” he said earnestly.“Always man”- “For sure” Sam and Riley said, standing with their shoulder’s brushing.He looked to Michelle, who was giving him a strained smile from where she stood with Mona still in her arms, the little girl watching the interaction curiously.The two of them weren’t especially close- he’d only met her a handful of times at backyard barbecues at Sam’s before this week- but he felt a growing friendship was developing. Obviously she wasn’t a fan of his life choices in this moment, but there was an effort being made, and that was enough.“It’s already been said, but you look like you need it repeated, so: don’t do anything stupid, y’hear?” she said after a moment, her smile turning wry.Steve huffed. “Okay” he replied, putting in the key to start the car.He left the window down as he reversed out of the driveway, waving one last time as the others did the same. His eyes drifted to his house, giving it a final departing look, though he didn’t feel any kind of apprehension or loss. The house was just a house, a place with some items and a handful of valuables kept safe within. He was only partially surprised to realize how little attachment he felt to it now that he was leaving.And it was exactly that feeling that spurred him on to pull down the street, GPS telling him where to go, not looking back.He had a new experience to get to.
  
    Chapter Text
    “What?”
“Yep” Bucky nodded, grinning as he took a sip from his energy drink.
“A lemon?!”
“A whole lemon. Just pulled it out of his pocket”
“He paid you with a lemon” Sharon reiterated, not quite believing it.
“I have it in my trailer if you wanna see”
Sharon sputtered, all the while Clint was wheezing.
“Why did you accept a lemon?” Clint got out in a thin voice, struggling to talk as he laughed, his half-eaten fries pushed aside.
Bucky shrugged. “I mean, when life-
“No, nope, you stop right there. You don’t finish that sentence” Sharon shushed at him, jabbing him in the arm with her finger. Bucky chuckled and took another sip, but obligingly left the sentence hanging.
It was true that he’d taken the lemon as payment; in part because it had caught him off-guard, and also because of the sheer absurdity of it. The fact that he also couldn’t say no didn’t need to be mentioned.
It was the highlight of this weekend’s work, which was a relief. He’d gotten nothing worse than the usual jerk types: a few non-believers with something to prove and the odd asshole who didn’t like the answer the cards gave. Otherwise it had all been smooth sailing and happy customers.
It was a welcome respite after last week’s ordeal, and it allowed his wrists to heal fully without issue.
“Well don’t go telling Fury, ‘cause he’ll have some words” Clint said once he had his laughter somewhat under control.
“What did he even ask you?” Sharon asked, ignoring Clint.
“Ugh, he asked about his love life” he said, waving his hand in the air irritably. “Just like, ‘Will I find my true love?’. Not even interesting”
“Wow, what a real lemon” Clint snickered, to which neither Bucky nor Sharon acknowledged.
“But anyway, that’s how my weekend went” Bucky finished, draining the last of his drink.
“Not so bad, then” Sharon said, and Bucky hummed in agreement. Not so bad.
“Yeah, this town’s decent” Clint agreed, going back to finish his food. “Nobody tried to sell me drugs even once”
They were seated at the mess area, a series of small tables and plastic chairs set up food-court style in an open area amongst the trailers. It was a Monday evening and the tear-down had been finished, leaving the crew exhausted. Most had gone to eat their meals in their trailers, where they’d either pass out for the evening or go out later for drinks.
It left Mondays quiet; a sort of hush after the fanfare of the carnival crowds.
“So my cousin’s gonna be here soon” Sharon said after a moment, wiggling in her seat excitedly.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah, he texted before he left”
“And this is the artist cousin?” Clint asked
“Yup. He’s got a degree and everything”
“Fancy” Clint said sarcastically, biting into a fry.
“Hey, be nice to him” she warned.
“You said you haven’t seen him since you were five-”
“Ten”
“-and just got in touch last week. You barely know him” Clint said, dubious about the whole thing.
“We’ve been texting, and I know enough” she said. “I know he’s an orphan, and he was kicked out on the streets when he was fifteen”
"Boo-hoo. There's ten of those here" he dismissed.
“Clint, be nice”
Clint raised his hands. “Okay, okay, I won’t bite his head off first thing. But I reserve the right to make judgments”
“Good” she nodded, then turned to Bucky, “And you”
Bucky raised his hands defensively, mimicking Clint. “I’ll be nice” he promised preemptively.
“What? No, of course you’ll be nice, you’re always nice-”
Debatable, Bucky thought.
“-but you need to not hide from him”
Clint snorted at that, but he went on to shove more fries in his mouth rather than comment.
Bucky scrunched his face, grimacing. “I won’t- I don’t hide from people” he grumbled. He wasn’t that antisocial…anymore.
“Just don’t avoid us when he eats lunch with us”
“Okay, one” he held up a finger, “I’m not fourteen, and two” he held up a second finger, “I’m not that bad”
“You’re that bad” Clint immediately countered.
“I’m not”
“You did that exact thing with Scott when he first joined”
“He covers himself in ants”
“Buddy, that’s not the worst thing people cover themselves in here, and that’s the lamest excuse” Clint drawled.
Bucky made an irritated noise, unable to retort.
“Just don’t avoid him” Sharon said.
“I won’t-” he paused, dropped his voice to a lower volume, “I won’t avoid him” he said calmly.
“Good, because I really think you’re gonna like him” she said, wiggling her eyebrows suggestively, and Bucky groaned, putting his face in his hands.
“Sharon” he growled.
“No really, you’ll like him!”
“Sharon”
“He’s super nice!”
“Do not set me up with your cousin”
“You’d look so cute together, he’s exactly your type”
“My ty-? What do you know about my type?” he sputtered, “I don’t have a type- there’s no type”
“You absolutely have a type”
“How would you even know? You’ve never seen me date anyone”
Sharon only gave him a smug, knowing look. “Oh, I’ve seen you looking”
Bucky pursed his lips. “I don’t look”
Clint laughed. “You kiddin’? Might as well walk around with binoculars with how you scope ‘em out”
“I don’t look” Bucky huffed again. He didn’t look.

  Except you kinda do
  , a little voice said. It sounded suspiciously like his own.

“In any case, he checks all your boxes”
“Okay, okay. Theoretically, if I had a type, what so-called boxes does he check?” Bucky said, conceding only a little.
“Oh, I think I’ll leave that as a surprise. I wanna see your face when you see him”
“Awful” he said, pointing at her. “You’re awful”
“I’m the best” she preened.
“The worst”
The rest of the meal continued in a similar vein of bickering, but it was all in good fun. Part if it did make him more curious about the new addition to their group, though.
This cousin would be riding in on Sharon’s invite, and while she sounded confident he’d be staying with them for a while, Bucky had his doubt.
Nine out of ten people left the carnival within a month, most after their first weekend. It wasn’t a lavish lifestyle by any means, and it wasn’t as romantic as some would think either. It was work, and it was cramped, and you didn’t have access to flushing toilets most of the time. The only real comfortable positions took time and dedication to earn, by which point most would have quit before reaching.
But Sharon had her hopes, and he wasn’t going to be the one to squash them. He’d just have to wait and see if this guy lived up to all the hype.
 

 
Steve pulled up to the carnival later than he’d have liked. The two hour drive to the large, unfamiliar town in Connecticut hadn’t been too bad, though long-range driving wasn’t familiar to Steve and he’d hit a few snags. Really it was the GPS that had saved him from arriving past midnight.
He finally pulled up closer to eight at night, finding a familiar sight of a flattened field with a collection of trucks and trailers parked in a little city of its own.
He parked next to a row of other cars and got out, opting to leave his belongings for now.
He felt a pair of eyes on him as he closed the car door, and scanned the dark until he spotted a man under the awning of a trailer at the outskirts, drinking a beer and watching the cars. Steve waved unsurely to him, and got a wave in return.
“Hi, I, um. I’m looking for Fury?”
The man eyed him for a moment, then pointed to the left. “Go’n down there straight and you’ll hit his trailer”
“Thanks” Steve smiled, leaving in the direction he’d been pointed in. He felt the eyes continue to track him until he was out of sight.
He had to pull out his phone’s flashlight, the light from the shuttered windows not enough to see the various cords of wires running along the ground. The place looked the same as last time he’d been amongst the boxy trailers, the path equally maze-like despite the clear direction he’d been given.
True to the guy’s word, he did end up at the same imposing trailer as before, the unique beige and maroon colouring an easy identifier.
The trailer was quiet, but the lights were on, so he stood and the bottom of the steps and knocked.
There was the sound of movement and a blurred silhouette passing by one of the windows before the door opened to reveal the woman he’d talked to after the… incident. Maria Hill.
She looked down at him in surprise, eyes wide until her features morphed into something more cautious but put-together.
“Mr. Rogers, what brings you back to our carnival?” she asked coolly.
Ah. So he’d made enough of an impression that she remembered his name.
He put on what he hoped was a modest, apologetic smile. “Hi. I’m here about a job?”
“We’re not hiring at this time” she said without hesitation.
He pulled out the signed contract from his pocket, holding it out. “I, uh, was already hired” he said awkwardly, the papers in his hand disproving her words.
She snatched the contract out of his hand and unfolded it, skimming briefly before giving him a scrutinizing look, her lips pursed in displeasure.
“Wait here” she said, closing the door in his face.
He shuffled back a few steps, crossing his arms to wait. As he stood there, the sounds of other people started to drift from beyond the blocks of trailers now that he was paying attention.
A door slammed off to his left; an errant laugh in an unknown direction, blown away of the breeze. The ghost of life in the otherwise quiet park, with the steady hum of a some kind of machinery and the sound of cars from the nearby freeway acting as background noise.
None of it was quite able to drown out the heated voices that suddenly sprung to life in the trailer in front of him, however, and he caught snippets of an argument he probably wasn’t supposed to hear.
“-tell me he was the artist- how was I supposed to know? -not have that kind of- said it wasn’t an issue- not the point- he a problem?- technically-”
And then in a much clearer voice, Steve heard “Is. He. A problem?”, each word spoken as a demand.
The trailer went quiet after that, and Steve shifted on his feet. More time passed, and each second had him more and more convinced he was about to be sent home.
He stopped shifting and stood up straight when he saw a shadow pass across the window again, and the door opened to reveal Fury this time.
“It seems you failed to mention your run-in with one of my workers during our interview” he said, a hint of accusation in his voice. He hadn’t even gone for a greeting, just jumping right into business as he eyed Steve from the top of the steps.
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “I, uh. I didn’t think it would be relevant. To the position”
It was a weak excuse, but there was no getting around the fact that he probably wouldn’t have gotten the offer at all if he’d brought it up.
“Uh-huh. And I’m assuming Sharon wasn’t aware of your involvement either?”
Steve nodded, shame heating his neck. Fury stared at him with one inscrutable eye, then sighed, coming down the steps.
“Well you’re here now, and my employee said you didn’t do anything wrong which is good enough for me. Any problems gets dealt with between yourselves, I don’t wanna hear nothin’ about it unless one of you breaks the harassment terms, am I understood?” he said gruffly, walking to the end of the trailer.
Steve stared after him dumbly. He’d been expecting a curt farewell and directions back to his car, not… well, the job.
Fury paused at the corner of the trailer, looking back in annoyance. “Are you coming or not? I don’t have all night”
“Oh, right. Sorry” Steve stammered, kicking himself into motion.
They made their way through the jungle of trailers, Fury expertly navigating between the alleyways, cutting between tightly parked RV’s and identical campers. Steve started to notice the sound of machinery slowly getting louder, until they were standing at a collection of trailers near the edge of the park.
“You’ll be bunking here for now” Fury said in a raised voice to be heard over the noise. “There’s two free bunks in there, work it out with the others”
Steve nodded, listening as he took in the small box of a trailer.
“The carnival’s not responsible for your personal property, if you can’t prove who stole or broke it you’re on your own”
Fury went up to the trailer and knocked on the door. He waited a moment and then entered, motioning for Steve to follow behind.
Inside was roughly what he’d expected a trailer to look like. There was a small table and cushioned seating, a counter space with some small kitchenware items, and then two pairs of bunk beds at the back.
There were two men sitting at the table playing a game of cards, a small assortment of empty beer bottles littering the space between them amongst the pile of cheap poker chips they each had. They both put their cards down and turned to the two visitors.
The noise from outside was muffled enough that Fury could speak at normal volume again.
“We got a new hire, get him set up” he ordered at the two, then turned to Steve. “You picked a hell of a time to come; we’re leaving tomorrow, eight a.m. sharp. Find me in the evening to work out your schedule, and do not-” he pointed a menacing finger at Steve, “bother me before four”
And with that he left, leaving Steve alone with the two strangers.
“Hey, I’m Steve” he introduced after a moment’s pause.
The first man leaned over reached out a hand that Steve took, shaking it automatically.
“I’m John” the guy said, giving Steve a welcoming smile, then motioned to the other man, “and this is Enrique”
“Daniel” the other man corrected, and not kindly either. “My name is Daniel” he reiterated, and reached a cautious hand to Steve, who shook it as well.
“Nice to meet you” Steve said, unsure of the dynamic.
“Welcome to Chateau Crap” John said with a wide flourish of his arms, emphasizing the small space. “We have great amenities such as: microwave, kettle, a sink with no warm water, and a mini fridge big enough to hold fuck all”
His cheery tone had an underlying bitterness to it, and Steve didn’t know how to respond beyond awkwardly nodding along.
Daniel huffed, unimpressed with his companion’s description. “You can take the top left bunk; we were using it for storage so just move the stuff to the floor, we’ll shove it somewhere else” He pointed to one of the cabinets above the counter. “One of those is empty, you can put your food in there. Rules are you don’t take anything from anyone else’s shelf; we don’t do communal. You got a lot of stuff?”
“Not much that needs to come here, I’ve got most of it in my car, I can leave it there”
John whistled. “Lucky fuck”
Steve ignored him, looking over the bunk he’d been allotted, frowning. The bare mattress was covered in various travel bags, while the remaining three were furnished with thin blankets and pillows. “Fury said there were two bunks? I could just take the third empty one”
John shook his head. “Nah, that’s Frank’s. Fury probably meant this” he slapped the table surface. “The whole thing folds into a bed; but we got a gentleman’s agreement to keep it a table, you know?”
“Ah, alright” Steve agreed. “Hey, what’s that noise out there” he then asked, curious about the machinery that could still be heard.
“Generators. They go out at one in the morning. One of the benefits of living in the shits” John grinned.
“Right” Steve said. Sharon had mentioned he’d likely be placed in the worst lodging to start with. The better accommodations were reserved for long-term workers.
“Hey, you play poker?” Daniel asked, changing topic. “We can deal you in after you move your stuff”
“Maybe later if you’re still playing. I’ve actually got a friend to meet first” Steve said, appreciating the offer.
“Alright man. We’ll be here”
Steve stepped back out, stopping at the end of the steps and grimacing. He had no memory of which end he and Fury had come in from. How did the people here navigate through these things?
He pulled out his phone and opened the chat with Sharon, letting her know he’d arrived. Her responses came quickly and consecutively.


  Sharon!!!!!!!!!
  Sharon:D :D :D
  SharonWhere are you!
He looked around for some kind of landmark, but it was plain trailers all around.


  MeNear the generators? It’s loud. I’m right at the end of the rows
  SharonOof
  SharonOkay, I’ll come to you
He put his phone away, standing idly as he waited, not daring to risk venturing out to meet her halfway. He’d save exploring for when it was light out.
A few minutes later he saw a light approach with a palpable aura of excitement attached to it, and then Sharon was upon his with a hug.
“You’re here!” she shouted over the noise.
“I’m here” he agreed, returning the hug.
“Come on” she said, tugging his arm to follow. She led him deeper into the park, the generators growing quieter until they were a distant drone, which let her talk more easily as they walked.
“I have some friends I want you to meet. I think you’re really gonna like them!”
“Yeah?” he asked, unsure of the prospect. Part of him felt like it was an imposition. Would they even like him? What if they only put up with him for Sharon’s benefit? The last thing he wanted to be was a third wheel.
“Oh yeah. They’re really nice- er, okay, they can be assholes, but like in a good way, you know? One of them has an independent booth like you’ll have, so he can give you some tips too” she went on, leading him to another trailer. This one was bigger than the one he’d been assigned.
Sharon went up the steps and opened the door, walking in without knocking.
“Guess who I brought” she called playfully, though Steve didn’t fully catch the muffled answer from inside.
“Guys, meet my cousin Steve. Steve, this is Clint and Bucky” she introduced as he stepped in behind her, putting on a shy smile as he prepared to greet-

  Soft eyes.

Steve froze like a deer in the headlights, a sinking feeling in his chest as he locked gazes with the man sitting at the table; the same man he’d seen bleeding out, yelling get away from me! in fear.
Staring back at him, equally shocked, was James.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.

“Get out” Bucky said, his voice weak to his own ears.
He didn’t hear if anyone said anything. All he could focus on was Steve.
Steve, who he thought he’d never see again.
Steve, whose future was so turbulent it had broken Bucky’s skin.
Steve, whose actions would ruin Bucky’s life in some unfathomable way.
“Get OUT!” he said louder, hands shaking as he pushed himself deeper into the booth, his breath hitching on the onset of a panic.
He didn’t- he didn’t know what happened after that, what was happening around him. There were more voices and shuffling and something slammed, but he couldn’t parse it beyond the black spots in his vision, suffocating him, tightening around his chest and his throat and his wrists, and he was gasping-
-cold-cold-COLD!
“Ack!” Bucky shouted, flinching away from the sudden bite of cold at the back of his neck.
He turned sharply to see Clint at his side, his arm retreating with a can of Bucky’s own energy drinks in his hand. There was a fine mist of condensation growing on it, the can still freshly out of their little fridge.
“What the hell?” he asked, glaring at Clint and rubbing the back of his neck.
Clint wore a worried expression, shifting back in the seat to put more space between them. “Sorry man, but you were having a panic attack. I think”
“Yeah, no shit I was having a panic attack” Bucky snapped, turning away. He was still shaky, and his heart felt like it was going to run right out of his chest. His eyes were squeezed shut as he pressed his forehead against the wall of the trailer.
“Can I… do anything?” Clint asked uncertainly. “Sharon said cold on your neck helps? Do you want me to-?”
“Just give me the can” Bucky said tightly, holding a hand out. A moment later he felt the cool metal in his hand. He pressed it against the back of his neck- slowly this time- and let out a shuddering breath.
He sat like that, waiting for his heart to calm down, the cold abating the worst of his panic.
His panic over Steve.
Who wasn’t here anymore.
He put the drink down, looking up at his empty trailer where only he and Clint occupied.
“Where’d they go?”
“Sharon took her cousin out after you, you know, yelled at them to get out. And then sorta kept saying it over and over until I did that cold thing”
Bucky groaned. Goddamn it.
“You wanna talk about?”
“No, no, it’s stupid” he tried to dismiss. “He just reminded me of a thing and I wasn’t expecting it is all. It’s fine”
“He reminded you of a thing?”
Bucky waved him off. “Just. You know. He was there last week”
Clint’s brow furrowed. “Last week-?” he muttered, and then his eyebrows shot up in understanding. “Oh, oh. Last week, with the uh, the thing” he said, making a vague motion to his own wrists before quickly not doing that.
“Yeah, that thing” Bucky confirmed, turning back to rest his head on the wall again. He was growing tired, crashing after his panic like he always did.
“Wait” Clint said, and Bucky didn’t care for the revelatory tone in his voice.
“Was he the guy who grabbed you?”
“Nobody grabbed me!” Bucky snapped without thinking, which was the wrong thing to say.
“I can get the guys and have him out of here-”
“Don’t, I don’t need- he didn’t do anything” Bucky tried to back-peddle.
“You don’t have to be involved, he won’t even know it was you-”
“He’s gonna know” Bucky hissed.
Clint put his hands out in placation, “Hey, okay, we don’t have to do anything about him now, okay? We can be subtle, keep him away from you and get the bosses to let him go-”
No, no no no. If they did anything to Steve he might get upset and retaliate, and who’d be his number one target?
Bucky reached out and grabbed Clint by the shoulder. “Clint, look at me” he instructed, looking Clint dead in the eyes. “I cut myself. Me. I had an episode and cut myself, and he happened to be there. He carried me to get me help, and that’s all. Don’t do anything to him. Just don’t”
They held each other’s gaze for a long moment, Bucky channeling as much honesty as he could until Clint nodded slowly.
“Alright, my bad, man” he said, accepting Bucky’s point. “You just freaked real bad when you saw him”
Bucky let go, sagging into his seat. Fuck.
“Like I said- just wasn’t expecting him is all” he said tiredly.
“Mm-hm” Clint hummed, nodding. “So should I go out there and bring him back, or…?”

  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.

“No!” Bucky said quickly, jolted by the prospect. He couldn’t- he wasn’t ready- just, no…
He fingered the cards in his pocket. Now wasn’t a good time.
“Okay” Clint agreed easily, pulling out his phone. “I’ll let Sharon know to send him away”
Bucky breathed a sigh of relief, giving Clint a thankful look.
A moment later the trailer door opened, but it was only Sharon this time.
“I am so sorry” she immediately started, her expression pinched with remorse. “I had no idea, I swear, I wouldn’t have even brought him here if I knew”
“It’s fine” he said, smiling tightly. Well, it wasn’t fine, but he knew she hadn’t done it on purpose. How could she have known last week’s Steve was the same guy as her cousin?
She had both hands over her face now, having slouched down in the seat opposite from him and Clint. “Oh my god, I vouched for him to Fury. I’m the reason he’s here!”
“It’s fine, really. You didn’t know, and it’s- he didn’t actually do anything, you know? I just got surprised is all” Bucky tried to dismiss.
“Yeah, he told me what happened” she said dejectedly, then huffed in anger. “I can’t believe he didn’t tell me about this before. It’s kind of a big deal!”
Bucky hummed awkwardly, looking away. It wasn’t a good sign that Steve had kept that hidden, but maybe… he had a reason? He’d seemed nice at the time, and Sharon had been so confident he was a decent person.
Then again, maybe he wasn’t so good, going by what the cards said. People had all sorts of veneers; Bucky knew that better than most.
“Anyway, he said he understands if you want space. He also said he’d like to talk later if it’s okay with you”
“I’d rather not” he said without hesitation. The farther they stayed away from each other, the better. “No offense to him, I’m sure he’s great, but. Yeah” Bucky mumbled.
Sharon didn’t look all too happy about that, though whether it was because of Bucky or her cousin, he wasn’t quite sure.
“Yeah man, you do you” Clint said like he was handing out sage advice, playing with the energy drink by balancing it on two fingers, not looking at either of them.
There was a moment of silence, and then Sharon blew out another breath. “I’m really sorry about all this” she said again.
Bucky waved her off. “It’s fine” he muttered, except he had a feeling the apologies weren’t over yet.
None of that mattered though. He had more pressing things to worry about- namely Steve, and how the hell was he going to deal with him?

  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.

Bucky had gone over the words used- or the ones he could remember- and there wasn’t much to go on, but ‘at your will’ was something he could grasp at least. It meant there was choice, one that Steve was going to make that would either make or break the rest of the fortune.

  You will be confined to your fate. You will be bound to your death.

It was pretty easy to understand the consequences of it- Steve’s actions would result in something awful for Bucky.
He didn’t know what, exactly- the cards were vague and death could mean a lot of things. He could be kicked out of the carnival to rot in the streets; get cut and die from infection; sent to prison for life and in four years get shived in the throat.
A lot of things counted as death where the cards were concerned- everyone died eventually, and it was more so the quality of it that the deck cared about. Time was circumstantial.
All he knew was that something was going to happen between him and Steve, and whether it ended well or not would be at the other man’s whim.
Sharon and Clint were talking around him, but Bucky only half listened and made token contributions to the conversation. His mind was busy elsewhere, thinking of what he could possibly do about the oncoming doom he was heading towards- or coming at him, more accurately.
Bucky fingered the cards, feeling a stab of anxiety. There was no way to know for sure what was right- avoidance, confrontation, it was all the same risk. Anything Bucky did could just as likely lead to his demise as prevent it. He didn’t have an answer to this.
All he knew was that Steve was here now, and his and Bucky’s fates were on a collision course.
And there was nothing he could do to stop it.
 

 
Steve slunk back to his trailer, navigating off Sharon’s directions and the noise of the generator as a guiding point.
That had been… a mess. He knew he’d bump into James eventually, but he hadn’t expected it to go like that.
The sight of James’ panic had been painfully familiar, and it hurt knowing that he was the cause of it.
He’d stumbled out of the trailer as soon as Bucky started yelling, Sharon staying a minute before meeting him outside, a look of worry and mortification on her face.
“Oh my god, Steve, I’m really sorry about that” she said, but Steve waved to stop her.
“No, no, I should’ve- it’s my fault”
He’d gone on to explain how he’d met James the previous week and how their encounter had ended. To say Sharon had conflicting feelings was an understatement.
“Steve!” she hissed, smacking him on the shoulder. “Why didn’t you tell me?! I’ve been- oh my god” she covered her mouth with her hands, her eyes going wide. “I’ve been telling people about you!”

  He furrowed his brow. “Is that bad?”

“Yes, yes you idiot! Everyone was talking about last week, a lot of them think you hurt him!” she said, motioning back to the trailer. “When they find out my cousin is the Rescue Guy, they’re gonna… I don’t even know! And I brought you right to him without any warning! He’s having a panic attack because of me! Oh my god!” she gasped, pacing away from Steve.

  He followed behind her. “No, no, Sharon, this isn’t your fault” he said quickly. “I didn’t tell you, that’s on me. You didn’t know, okay? I messed up, and I’m sorry”

It had taken some time to calm her down, and then a little more as she cussed him out for his omission.
“I’m sorry” he said again, arms crossed and head cowed. “I thought I could work it out between us, I didn’t want to involve you”
“Okay, Steve? Everyone’s going to be involved in this” she said in a tone of saying something obvious to an idiot. “We’re a traveling carnival, everyone lives two feet from someone else. The only thing that spreads faster than gossip is the fucking flu. Everybody knows what happened”

  Steve swallowed. He figured the management would be aware, and maybe some coworkers- he hadn’t considered the entirety of the carnival.

“… Oh”
“Yeah; oh” she mimicked unhappily.

  They stood in an uncomfortable silence as the reality of the situation sunk in.

“Look, Sharon, I’m really sorry, and… and if it’s a problem, then maybe you shouldn’t be around me for a while” he tentatively suggested.
“What?”
“Just tell people the truth: I didn’t tell you and you didn’t know. Let me handle the fallout”

  Sharon crossed her arms, mouth twisting. “I’m not throwing you under the bus like that”

“You’re not though- it’s just the truth of what happened” he said, and then when her expression seemed unconvinced, he added, “And I really don’t want to be one getting you in trouble”
“Well it’s not gonna be so much trouble as it’s gonna be some bad high school politics” she amended distastefully. “Nobody’s gonna want to be your friend except the temp labourers, and they’re in a whole different clique from performers, so they might not even take you”
“Just let me work it out. Please” he begged. He’d already hurt one person, he didn’t want to drag his cousin down too. Especially when they’d only just reconnected.

  She considered him for a moment, frowning. “… Fine,” she relented, “but I’m gonna fight the rumours about you” she added, chin tilted up at him. “I’ve heard the story from both ends so I know you didn’t do anything, but just be aware that people think you hurt him- even though he keeps telling everyone you didn’t. But that’s a whole other problem” she waved away.

“Thank you” he said earnestly.
She’d gotten a text shortly after that, only telling Steve- to his relief- that James was doing better, but it would be best if they called the night there.
An awkward goodbye and a quick trip to his car for his overnight bag later, and here he was coming up on his assigned quarters.
He stepped in cautiously, feeling a second of relief that he’d gotten the right trailer when he spotted Daniel still at the table, now playing with the cards on his own in something that looked like solitaire.
He looked up as Steve entered, giving him a short nod before returning to the spread. There was a subdued feel to the air now; an underlying tension Steve couldn’t name.
“Guess I missed the game, huh?”
Daniel shrugged. “Another night maybe”
“Sure”
Steve walked past when nothing else was said, the thrum of tension sending a shiver down his spine. At the back were the bunks, the bags that had previously been on his mattress now moved to the floor. The bunk below him was occupied by John, who was emanating a scent of alcohol strong enough to make Steve’s lips curl. He hoped it didn’t waft upwards during the night.
He pulled out a thin blanket and pillow from his bag, setting the rest of his pack at the wall near his feet. He didn’t think he’d be robbed, but he also didn’t know these men, and Sharon had warned it was better safe than sorry.
He set his bed, then climbed up usig the small rungs near the wall that vaguely acted as a ladder, crawling into his chest-high bunk. It was barely wide enough to be acceptable, but the length was laughably inadequate for his height.
It took some finagling, but he worked out that his options were either curling up with his knees hanging off the side, or stretching out with his feet dangling in the air.
Not ideal, but… he’d had worse.
As he lay there with the sound of the generator vibrating through the walls and the quiet shiff of Daniel playing cards, his thoughts circled around to what he was going to do.
He was starting with a bad reputation even before he’d arrived, and he didn’t know what that would mean for him. It obviously wasn’t enough to cost his the position or he would’ve been turned away when he showed up, but that was about all he could say for it.
He didn’t need to be friends with everybody, but he’d like to make at least a few connections beyond just Sharon- and while he appreciated the effort she was going through, he had to do a lot of it on his own. He resolved to show people that he wasn’t the bad guy he’d been painted as, though how exactly he’d do that was still unclear.
As embarrassing as it was, he hadn’t had to make new friends in a long time, and he’d never been particularly good at it to begin with. People usually came to him with friendship, not the other way around, and that was a rare enough occurrence on its own.
He had a distinct feeling of being back in high school where, everybody knew him for the wrong reasons, and a familiar sense of hopelessness threatened to rise back from the depths he’d buried it in.

  No, not this time.

He wouldn’t fall back on old habits- he wouldn’t turn into a loner again. He was an adult for god’s sake. He’d turned himself around in college, and he would do it again here.
He’d talk to people, and he’d show them who he really was- and if that didn’t work, then he’d swallow his pride and go to Sharon for help.
He would also try to get to know James better, too. Maybe he was being too optimistic and that bridge had burned down for good, but he needed to try. Not just because a friendship with James would go a long way in negating his first impression, but because something about James just made Steve want to know him better.
That night in the tent, before it had all gone to hell, had been the highlight of Steve’s evening. He’d felt something with James, even if he hadn’t recognized it at the time.
The easy banter between them, the way he’d laughed and put Steve at ease. The hypnotizing way he shuffled the cards with painted nails that kept catching Steve’s gaze.
And those eyes. Those kind eyes.
There was something there that compelled him. Even seeing them earlier, painfully distressed as they’d been, had drawn Steve in.
There’d been a palpable sense of fear in that small space- one that Steve felt for the brief seconds he’d been there, and he’d couldn’t let it go.
To be the source of that fear hurt in an indescribable way- as if Steve had turned into one of the bullies he hated so much. He wanted- no, he needed- to set things right between them.
So that was his plan, then. Make some friends, fix his reputation, and most importantly of all, fix the divide between him and James.
He’d dealt with so many hardships in the past, and he’d built a life out of the ruins of his adolescence. He’d shed his small frame and worked hard for his newfound health. He’d gone from homeless to a mortgaged house in the suburbs. He’d gone from eighteen without a high school diploma to getting his GED to getting an actual goddamn college degree. He’d made a name for himself in freelance graphic design in under two years, and he’d certainly done well for himself with it.
This is nothing, he told himself. He had nothing to lose and all the reason to get ahead. His life had stagnated, sure, but the realization had only motivated him to do better. He was here for a purpose, and he was going to work to achieve it with all he had.
And there was nothing anybody could do to stop him.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky sat in the passenger seat of Clint’s pickup, shuffling the cards between his hands as he kept his gaze on the passing buildings.
Hill and Fury ran a tight ship, and they’d set out sharply at eight as usual. In all of Bucky’s years working with them, the carnival had only ever left late a handful of times, which was an impressive feat.
Though they had no qualms of leaving people behind if they weren’t ready, so there was that too.
They were in a long procession of vehicles that varied from personal cars to trucks to buses, hauling anything from people to equipment.
Bucky was again lucky to be paired with Clint, as it left just the two of them in the truck’s cab. Their trailer was hitched to the back, and all their equipment was tied down in the truck bed- both Bucky’s tent and Clint’s various acrobatic instruments. The entirety of their worldly possessions stacked in one place.
The two of them could turn off at an exit to leave the carnival forever, and there’d be nothing of theirs left behind.
Of course, the very idea of that was antithesis to both of them. Clint was career circus, born and raised, and Bucky… well, this was as good as it got for him. They were beholden to the lifestyle for as long as they’d live, and neither saw it as a bad thing.
It had been an hour since they’d been on the road, though it looked like they might be arriving soon as they hit the outskirts of a city. Bucky didn’t know much about their next site- it never really concerned him where they were going, and they usually just followed the line of trucks until they got there.
Bucky was nervous this time, though. He’d slept fretfully, all thoughts on Steve. The cards had sat piled next to his pillow acting as a terrible reminder throughout the night.
Ironically, it was now the act of shuffling them that helped keep his mind off of Steve. He ran through all his tricks as they drove, and Clint didn’t say a word- not even when he did a long ruffle that had his arms spreading wide enough to enter Clint’s personal space.
Normally Clint would bat him away and complain, saying things like “don’t distract the driver!” or “if you play fifty-two card pickup in here I swear to god”, but on this trip he didn’t say anything about it, talking about his ideas for new performances instead. Bucky half-listened, making agreeable noises where it was called for, but otherwise he let his mind wander around his dilemma.
In all that time between last night and now, he hadn’t come up with a solution. The best he had was to avoid the guy until he did come up with something, and that was all but useless.
The carnival was supposed to be the one place he was safe- or safe enough- to live his life, but now there was a walking, talking danger lurking in his home. One he could avoid, yes, but for how long? He could only delay the inevitable by so much.
“-and then I’ll slam dunk the baby through a flaming ring-”
“What?” Bucky turned sharply as he caught the end of Clint’s sentence, only to see his friend giving him a knowing smirk.
“You sorta went away there, thought I’d see how long I could talk weird until you noticed” he laughed, turning back to the road.
Bucky gave a sheepish smile, but he gently punched Clint in the shoulder anyway. “You always talk weird, can’t blame me for getting used to it”
“Well that’s a problem. I gotta up my game”
Bucky snorted. “Please, you’re already an all-star weirdo”
“Nah, gotta break my own record. I’m a pinnacle of my craft”
“You sure are”
Bucky was chuckling now, hands idly shuffling as they traded banter. Clint made it easy.
Before he knew it, they were pulling in to an open space that looked to have once been a parking lot, though now it was just a wide swatch of gravel and dirt.
Clint rolled down his window as they inched along in line with the other vehicles, waiting to be directed to their designated spot.
Bucky craned his head out to see more of the lot from his limited view. There was no fence separating the space from the surrounding buildings, which looked to be a mix of mom-and-pop shops, small businesses, and the odd empty building advertising it was available for rent. There wasn’t a name-brand among them, and a few sported subtle graffiti in their respective alleyways, just out of sight.
The place looked like it was almost on the end of being the bad part of town, but not quite there.
It was somewhere you could take kids to during the day, but still host a raunchy burlesque show without complaints from the local puritan-patrol. Empty fields outside of town were usually their best bet, but things got tricky in urban centers. Maria and Fury made do.
Such was the line they had to toe with their style of acts.
They’d be busy for the rest of the day unpacking the important things and getting their trailers sorted. Normally Bucky would stick around to help, but there was a restlessness thrumming under his skin since he woke, and it was only getting worse at they got closer to the front of the queue.
He didn’t think he could do it, not today. There was a vulnerability to Tuesdays, when the trailers were still collapsed into little boxes and the tents were nothing but piles of canvas. Everything was out in the open with voids of empty space between. There was nowhere to get away for privacy.
There was nowhere to hide.
He unclipped his seatbelt.
“Hey, I think I’m gonna stretch my legs”
Clint turned to him with a raised brow. “Yeah?”
Bucky swallowed. “Yeah, sorry. Just, felt cramped on the way hear, you know? I need some space. You gonna be alright to set the trailer?”
“Oh, no, sure. You get some air, I got it” Clint said, waving him off.
Bucky nodded his appreciation as he opened the door and stepped out. He felt bad for leaving the work to Clint, but the anxiety of being here was stronger than the guilt of leaving.
He made a beeline for the sidewalk, tucking his hands into the pockets of his hoodie as he made quick work of getting the hell out of there.
He kept going for several blocks, jogging through crosswalks and turning corners until the carnival was completely out of sight and mind.

  Run a little faster, why don’t you?

He sighed, slowing his pace to something more reasonable. The anxious feeling still echoed in his stomach, but the distance and the new surroundings had put him at ease a little.
Looking around, he saw that he’d entered a more prolific area filled with posh gentrification- a clothing district, if the boutiques and menswear signs were anything to go by. The still-early hours kept the crowds down to a trickle of pedestrians with not a child in sight, and he let his guard down, relaxing in the anonymity of the streets.
He window shopped as he meandered, no destination in mind. He was looking in at the clothing that sat perfect and prim atop their mannequins. It was all too haute couture for their garish carnival- the only fancy clothes you’d find was designed to be stripped off- but it was fun too look at.
And if he imagined himself wearing some of those fancy clothes, so what? It wasn’t like he could actually afford any of it.
He wished he could though, just for a few. A v-neck shirt or two, a nice oversize he spotted, and maybe a scarf or three for his costume. Or just to wear.
He kept strolling along, stopping at a particularly kitschy place that might’ve been in his price range. He considering going in to kill time, but then he spotted something far more alluring at the end of the block and shifted trajectory.
It looked like a good of a place as any to spend an afternoon- and he could bring back something for Clint later, when their trailer was unpacked and ready to act as a shield to the outside world.
 

 
“Not too bad a drive, huh?” Daniel asked as Steve parked where he’d been directed.
“Better than my first trip, I’ll say that” Steve grinned, killing the engine.
He’d gotten up with the others this morning and helped them pack the trailer, listening as they directed him on how to fold in the steps and attach the hitch to Frank’s truck.
Steve only got a minute to meet the guy that morning, who gave a curt nod but otherwise didn’t seem interested in talking. Daniel had said not to take it personally when he was out of earshot.
“Frank doesn’t like people much”
“You can say that again” John said. “Won’t even sleep in his bunk half the time, and sure as shit won’t give you a ride” he added, then surreptitiously nudged Steve with his elbow. “And speaking of, think you could do us a solid and give us a seat in yours?”

  Steve shifted uneasily. He’d only just met these two, and wasn’t comfortable sharing that kind of space with them just yet.

“I mean, it’s cool if not” Daniel said at Steve’s hesitation. “They got a bus we usually ride. It’s nice not to be crowded on those things, but like, your car man”
“Well, I just. I’ve still got a lot of my things in the back, there’d only be room for one…” Steve said.

  John grinned. “Oh, that’s fine. Julio here’s plenty comfortable on the bus” he said, putting an arm on Daniel’s shoulder that was quickly pushed off. The tension Steve had felt last night was suddenly back in the air.

“Most of the Mexicans ride there,” John went on, “and I don’t understand half the shit they say. I think the easy fix is I ride up with you, right? Give ‘em more room on the bus”

  Steve’s gaze cut to Daniel’s carefully neutral expression.

“You know, when you put it like that” Steve said, “I think I’ll have Daniel ride up with me”
The ensuring fallout had been… uncomfortable. John walked away huffy and bitter, and Daniel had stuck around with a cautious air, like he was sizing Steve up.
They didn’t talk about it, and the initial drive had been awkward as hell. Once they hit the highway though, the pressure started to ease as they began to chat.
It turned out Daniel was new too, having joined only two weeks ago. He was making his way to Nashville and figured the carnival was a good way to get a ride while making a buck on the way. The route was circuitous and slow, but he’d been assured they’d pass through eventually.
Steve shared his own reasons for joining, and they’d gotten a better understanding of the other while he drove.
Now they were somewhere in Massachusetts, setting up in a wide dirt lot. As he and Daniel exited the car, he got the impression of an ant colony busy at work.
People were coming and going between the vehicles, spotters yelling at drivers to keep backing up until they lined up where they needed to. Others where working in teams to lock in the trailers so they didn’t roll, pulling out side components and rebuilding the trailer park they all lived in.
Another group was unloading the bigger trucks, pulling out metal poles and scaffolding, driving out with tractors that hauled even bigger pieces behind them. There was a lot of shouting from people in orange vests who were laying down markers and directing the flow of it all.
Steve was hit with the enormity of it. So many people for such a small space, how did they manage to fit everybody?
“Come on, I saw Frank’s truck over there” Daniel said, hoisting his bag over his shoulders and pointing to a truck. Steve couldn’t tell it apart from the others dozen trucks he saw slowly driving around, but thankfully John and Frank were both outside unhitching it.
He and Daniel joined the others and made quick work of setting up their living space again, unfolding parts from both the exterior and interior until it was exactly the same as before. The work was done in mostly silence, with John giving Steve the stink-eye the whole while.
Unpacked and finished, Frank and John left their own separate ways- John especially stomping off- leaving Steve and Daniel standing outside on their own.
“So, uh, now what?” Steve asked, looking out at the rest of the carnival as people were still working around them. Fury had said to come to him in the evening to work out his position, but it wasn’t even the afternoon yet. He didn’t quite know what to do with himself.
“Now we do the real work” Daniel grinned. “Ain’t nobody sitting out on setup- even the clowns do their part”
He led Steve over to a man busy giving order, a nexus of workers coming and going as they were relegated.
While they waited, Daniel explained.
“That’s Luke, he’s in charge of setup” he whispered. “Tents have a lot of frames and shit, and there’s also all the booths too. We’re supposed to have it all up by tonight”
Steve raised his eyebrows at that, looking again at all the equipment still being unloaded. He couldn’t quite grasp how they could possibly have a fully operating carnival ready by tonight.
“You two” the man in charge, Luke, called, prompting the both of them to attention. “What crew are you on?”
“I’m on Golf” Daniel said, then motioned to Steve, “but this is the new guy, he doesn’t have a crew yet”
Luke nodded, pulling up the clipboard he held. “Name?” he asked.
“Steve Rogers”
“Rogers” he repeated to himself, marking something down. “You here as labour?”
“No sir,” Steve shook his head, “I signed on as an artist, but I can help with heavy lifting if you need”
Luke’s mouth twisted, tapping his pen on his clipboard. “Artist, artist…” he murmured thoughtfully, then looked up. “What kind of art?”
“Portraits and caricature, mostly”
Luke nodded. “Alright, then you’re on Juliett crew” he said, noting it down on his board. “They don’t start until the tent’s up, put they’ll need help unpacking until then. Go find Natasha Romanov, she’ll be your lead. And you,” he motioned to Daniel, “Golf’s on high top, you can report to your usual coordinator”
“Thank you, sir” Steve said, echoing Daniel, before Luke was pulled aside by another group.
“What’s Juliett? And Golf?” Steve asked Daniel as they walked away, following behind the smaller man.
Daniel chuckled. “They’ve got the crews named like that military alphabet. So like crew A is Alpha, B is Bravo, C is Charlie. I’m on G for Golf”
“So that puts me on J”
“Yeah, and you’re damn lucky for it”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah man, that’s the burlesque crew. You’re gonna set up the backstage, get a look at all the intimates. Corsets and shit” he waggled his eyebrows. “Might catch some of the girls trying stuff on”
Steve fought an awkward grimace, not wanting to explain the many reasons that wasn’t an incentive, and quickly changed topic.
“That’s cool. And how many crews are there?”
“Oh, it goes all the way to L I think, but the first few are like specialists. Licenses and professional stuff. I hear Echo crew’s just one guy with an engineering degree”
Steve did a little mental alphabet, and that came out to a total of twelve crews. He wasn’t sure if that was a lot or not enough for the task of putting up a carnival in one day, though it must be if they did this every week.
“Yo, Steve!” someone called, making both him and Daniel turn to the voice behind them.
A familiar man was jogging up to them, waving them down. It took Steve a second to place him, but he was pretty sure it was the man with James from last night.
“Hey” Steve greeted, “Clint, right?” he hedged.
“That’s me” Clint grinned, holding his hand out. Steve took it and they shook briefly.
“Listen, I’m sorry about last night-”
Clint waved him off, “Ah, don’t worry about it. Buck explained it all” he shrugged.
“Buck- that’s James, right?”
A look flashed across Clint’s face that Steve didn’t fully catch, but it felt like he’d mistepped somehow. Clint was quick to recover however, and he hid it with a grin. “Oh sure, but we’ve got like ten James’s walking around, and I don’t think a single one goes by it” he chuckled. “But, you know, only his friends call him that, so maybe stick with James” he added.
Steve nodded. He’d picked up on the odd nickname from Sharon, but, well. James had introduced himself with his given name for a reason.
“Anyway, I’m glad I caught you” Clint said cheerfully. “I know Luke probably already gave you your assignment, but the guys on H crew could use an extra hand, and you look like you can hold your own”
“Yeah, I’m fine with heavy lifting if they need” Steve acknowledged. “I should probably check in with Luke first to make sure-”
“Aw, don’t worry about Luke” Clint dismissed. “I’ll let him know, I’m already acting as go-between for three other guys anyway”
Maybe it was the worry of doing something wrong on his first day, but Steve got an uncomfortable feeling at Clint’s offer. He wanted to make a good first impression with these people, but was disregarding his first assignment the right way?
Then again, it was the coworker group that he had the biggest hurdle to overcome. It couldn’t hurt to fill in where he was needed, could it?
“Okay” he agreed, ignoring the feeling.
Clint grinned and lightly thumped him on the shoulder. “Thanks Simon, you’re a lifesaver!” he said as he turned to leave.
“It’s Steve”
“Right” Clint called back with a thumbs up, already disappearing behind a truck on his way somewhere else.
“Guess you’re with me then; F, G, and H all do the hard work” Daniel said. “Not gonna lie though. The guys on labour always appreciate a hand, but man, you just dropped a killer opportunity” he added, and nodded in the direction of a pair of women making their way between the trailers, a few boxes piled in their arms.
Steve shrugged. “I like to be helpful”
“Whatever man” Daniel laughed, shaking his head.
The two of them went around to the open field where the majority of the busywork was happening. People were clustered in groups on set tasks, assembling towers of scaffolding and platforms. Another group was using a mobile crane to assemble and even bigger crane, which Steve assumed would then be used to assemble the taller parts of the main tent.
“Oh hey, there’s your bossman” Daniel said as they came up on a group of workers, pointing to a man in an orange vest hauling cords out of a truck bed. “He’s in charge of H crew- I think Frank’s on that one too”
Steve nodded, seeing that most of the people in the area Daniel was pointing to looked like hardened workers, their gear worn and dusty from use.
“I guess I’ll see you around” Steve said, seeing Daniel off as he went to his own crew with a wave.
He took a moment just to observe, then approached his new boss. He stood off to the side with his arms crossed until the man eyed him, not pausing his work as he hauled more cord off and onto a pile on the ground.
“Can I help you?” he asked gruffly.
“Hi, I’m Steve Rogers. I heard you guys were short some hands?”
“Always short some hands” the man grunted. “Logan” he then said as way of introduction, tossing another set of coil. “You got any gear?”
Steve shook his head. “Just what I’m wearing”
“Those shoes steel toed?”
Steve looked down at his runners. “No sir”
Logan made a displeased noise, looking Steve up and down.
“There’s a box in the backseat” he said after a moment, indicating the truck they were standing at, “grab a pair of gloves and then go help those fellas over there” he pointed to a group of men with sledgehammers putting down pegs in the thick gravel. “They’ll give you a hammer, just do what they do and watch your feet”
“Thank you, sir” Steve said, doing just that.
As he approached the group working with hammers, his borrowed gloves fitting comfortably, he felt a smile on his face.
Now that he had an actual task to do, he was starting to feel more excited than lost. His position at the carnival was suddenly real- in a physical sense and not just on paper.
Given, he hadn’t expected his first job to involve pounding three-inch pegs into the ground with a sledgehammer, but it was a start.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky hummed quietly to himself, a faint smile on his lips as he stepped onto the carnival grounds. The sun was starting to set, and the floodlights had been put up to counter the shifting light. His shoes crunched on the gravel underneath, a box under one arm and a large coffee in the other.
Where this morning had been an empty lot filling with vehicles, now it had turned into a little city of tents, booths, and the neighbouring trailer park.
There were still empty spots waiting to be filled, and the main high top was hours away from being done, but it was recognizable as the carnival it was.
Near the front entrance he spotted his own tent and felt a pang of guilt. Clint would’ve been the one to set it up, where normally Bucky was supposed to be responsible for it.
Sure, Clint usually helped him- or any one of his friends would, just as he would help them with their setup- but the majority of the work was usually done by the performer running the show.
He hoped Clint at least hadn’t set up the interior props. Guilt aside, he would have done it wrong.
He diverted his path to swing by his tent first, just to take a peek, walking past the other quiet setups, like the contortionist stage and the balloon animal tent. They didn’t open until Friday, but him and a few others would sideline during the week as a sort of boardwalk show for passerby’s, earning some extra cash. It’s what let him scratch his itch between weekends.
He slowed when he saw a light through the thin line where the flaps sat closed on his tent, frowning. Either Clint had left the lights on, or someone was in there.
It turned out to be a little of both, as when he pushed past the flaps he was met by a stymied Clint, who was softly cussing as a set of stringed beads sat tangled in his lap.
“Need a hand with that?” Bucky asked, setting the box and coffee on the fortune telling table at the center- which wasn’t where it was supposed to go, but whatever.
Clint looked up in surprise before his shoulders sagged in relief. “Please” he said pathetically, holding up the Gordian knot for Bucky to take.
“You know I could’ve done this when I got back” Bucky said as he took the bundle, testing a few strands to see how tight Clint had managed to get it. He sat in one of the guest seats, Clint currently occupying the teller’s chair.
“And when was that gonna be?”
Bucky’s lips thinned. Fair enough.
“I brought you some coffee and doughnuts” he said instead, motioning to the items on the table. “There’s a computer cafe up a few blocks, very bougie”
Clint eyed at the box dubiously. “It isn’t vegan or anything, is it?”
Bucky scoffed, pulling a loop out of the tangle. “What do I look like? It’s s’mores flavoured, real marshmallow and everything- called s’morenuts or something. And before you ask, that coffee came from their break room pot, not the fancy machine up front”
Clint’s eyes widened in delight. “Oh-ho, now you’re talkin’” he said, grabbing the coffee and a doughnut in turn. He immediately stuffed the baked monstrosity into his mouth, taking a huge bite.
Bucky grinned as he worked, happy to see his gift go down well. He’d meant it to be a thanks for setting up the trailer alone, not realizing Clint would do this too.
“So how’d I do?” Clint asked with his mouth full, motioning around the tent. “Pretty good, righ’?”
Bucky gave a cursory look, eyes dropping back down to the loosened knot he was working on. “It’s good” he said casually.
There was a beat of silence.
“What’s wrong with it?”
“Nothing’s wrong, it’s fine”
“What is it?” Clint pushed. His eyes were roving around the space trying to spot where he’d messed up.
“It’s nothing, really. I can fix it later” Bucky insisted, finally untangling the mess in his hands.
“You’re killing me here, you know that? I’m gonna obsess over this all night if you don’t tell me”
Bucky grimaced. “Just, you got the red cloths draped over the purples. Purples need to be on top” he said, trying to make it seem like it wasn’t a big deal. And it wasn’t! It wasn’t a big deal.
Clint sputtered a moment, still chewing between words. “The whole tent’s purple, shouldn’t the red be emphasized?”
“The red’s supposed to be an accent, not a motif. It’s purple-red-purple, but you got it purple-purple-red”
“Oh my god” he laughed under his breath, shaking his head. “What else?”
Bucky spared a glance up at the lights that were aimed to emphasize his face rather than the cards on the table, which was still in the wrong spot anyway. Then there was the fairy lights, which were strung up counterclockwise instead of clockwise, and Bucky didn’t even want to get started on the rug…
“Nothing else” he said, laying the organized coil of beads down.
“Uh-huh” Clint said, not sounding convinced. “I bet I’m gonna come in here tomorrow and see everything shifted an inch to the left or something”
“It’s not that bad”
Clint took a sip of his drink, giving Bucky an amused look.
“But really, thanks for setting up” Bucky said. He didn’t usually flake like this, and the guilt of having someone else cover the work ate him up inside.
Clint waved dismissively. “You’d do the same for me. And you got me coffee, so call it even”
Bucky huffed. A box of fancy doughnuts and it was the cheap coffee that he was appreciative of.
“Alright, come on” Clint slapped his leg, standing up. “Been sittin’ too long, gotta get some practice in, you can spot for me or something”
Bucky shook his head. “You go on ahead, I’m gonna stick around a bit. Put up the finishing touches” he said, motioning to the beads.
“Yeah yeah, gotta redo the whole tent, I get it” Clint teased.
“… not the whole tent”
“Sure” Clint said with a grin, grabbing the box of doughnuts to take on his way out. “Thanks for the s’morenuts by the way, I’ll leave you one” he called, ducking through the flaps at the front.
Bucky didn’t have much hope of there being crumbs left, but that was fine. Clint more than deserved it.
He sighed, leaning his elbow on the table with his chin in his hand to take in the decorum around him. Clint was a master acrobat and performer, but an eye for design he did not have.
Bucky thrummed his fingers on the table, the rough cloth muting the sound. While easier than putting up the whole tent, it was still going to be some work taking the decorations down and putting them back up correctly.
Well, time’s a wasting, he thought. He’d just taken an impromptu day off, he had no excuses to slack now. He stood and got to work pulling down the fabrics and lights.
The tent itself was the most difficult item to put up, but with that already done, the rest was just clipping on decorations and aligning furniture- or re-aligning, in this case.
He’d just gotten the last of the fairy lights down when he heard voices approaching. People came and went regularly, especially on setup day, so he initially didn’t pay it much mind. Not until he caught the end of their words.
“-Rescue Guy is Sharon’s cousin, can you believe that?”
“Really? She never said anything”
The other person scoffed. “Can you blame her? I wouldn’t want that kind of gas following me around”
Bucky slowly stopped his work, tilting his head to listen.
“Yeah, no kidding. You hear what he did today?”
“What?”
“Luke shuffled things around to put him on J crew, and the guy never shows up”
Oh, that wasn’t good. Natasha wouldn’t have been happy with that at all.
“Wow”
“Right? They were short a hand so Widow had to grab a guy off C”
“Jeez. Any idea where he went?”
“Nah, just fucking disappeared. I think someone saw him go to the shops down the block though”
“Wow, just skipped setup. What an ass”
Bucky winced, twisting the lights in his hands. He didn’t normally skip. It had just been a lot to deal with today.
He’d put in the extra hours on tear-down at the end of the week to make up for it.
“I’m just waiting for Fury to hear about it, can’t wait to see the shitshow that-”
Their voices started to fade as the pair moved on, and Bucky let out a shuddering breath.
So Steve wasn’t getting a good start so far. Was that good for Bucky, or bad? The cards in his pocket seemed to grow heavy for a moment, the weight of their words stuck in his head. He worried his lip, moving to start re-applying the lights above him.
Maybe this could be a good thing. Maybe Steve would get kicked from the carnival and be on his way.
Or maybe he saw Bucky at the shops earlier, and when they fired him he would get upset that Bucky wasn’t being treated the same. Maybe he’d kick up a fuss and demand they fire Bucky too, just to be fair. And then when they didn’t, because Bucky had seniority and leeway on these kinds of things, he’d bide his time and come back later and, and-
Bucky took a seat in his chair, hand gripping his chest as his breaths came fast. Too many unknowns, too many variables. His mind raced with what if’s and maybe’s.
He just, he had to stop. He had to stop thinking about this.
It’s fine, he assured himself. It’s fine, it wasn’t like small things like this could snowball into something bigger. It wasn’t like the future was a vast unknown that was fast approaching to swallow Bucky into its maw.
“Maybe I will spot Clint” he said to himself, putting down the lights. He could finish his tent tomorrow, get up early or something.
Right now, he just needed get out of here.
He shut off the lights, sealing his tent and making his way inwards towards the back of the carnival, where there was enough privacy for people to practice their acts without giving the public a free show.
He pulled up his hood to hide his face, doing his best to stick to the shadows. The carnival was safe from the outside, but all the same, he didn’t want to be caught alone.
A pang of helplessness went through him. His own home had lost any meaning of safety, and he was powerless to fix it. All he could to was watch as events unfolded around him, trapped on a path he couldn’t control. He was being forced to hide just to buy time for himself- to hold on to whatever scraps of his life he had, for however long he had it.
The sound of people talking and laughing floating up from the trailers as he got closer, easing some of the tension, though not all of it.
Here, at least, he could have some respite.
 

 
Steve dropped the sledgehammer into the pile of others, feeling a thump on his back as one of the workers walked by with a casual good meetin’ you.
He’d shaken hands with a few of the others, sharing laughs during lunch as they talked about what brought them here- a popular or private topic depending on who you asked, but the guys found it good conversation.
They’d gotten to calling him Picasso of all things when he mentioned he was hired as an artist, but then there were also guys nicknamed Footloose and Marbles who’d come up with the name, so it was all in good fun.
One of the guys, Thor- which wasn’t a nickname apparently- had even invited him to join them for drinks, but he had to decline. Maybe… maybe in the future, when he was more comfortable here, but it just wasn’t his natural scene.
Given, a carnival wasn’t his natural scene either, but one thing at a time.
He returned his gloves to the boss, getting a few grumbled words of good work today, and then he was making his way with the rest of the workers back to the trailers.
He was tired after all that work, muscles sore in places he didn’t usually use during his regular exercises, but in a good way. And despite the weariness, he was feeling pretty good.
The workers had been much nicer than Steve had thought. There were a few exceptions, a couple loners like Frank who didn’t want to talk, but the rest seemed good. They hadn’t shied away from him for technically being a performer- hell, Thor sometimes did drag for the burlesque shows, and Steve’s art hardly qualified as strange after that.
Overall, he felt like he’d made a good impression with the group, and that was a start.
He made his goodbyes and split from the herd of H crew, letting them go off to their drinking while he made his way to the manager’s trailer, their helpful parting directions telling him how to get there.
Or he thought they were helpful. He got lost in the trailers again, but he had a feeling that was more his fault. His face scrunched when he realized he’d walked past the same pink lawn chair twice now. How did anybody get around in this place?
“Excuse me” he said to a pair of people he came across that were carrying juggling pins. “Could you tell me where Fury’s trailer is?”
The two shared a look, then broke into snickers.
“I’m sure you can figure it out” the one said, and they kept walking past him with mocking laughs.
Steve frowned. When Sharon said people already didn’t like him, he didn’t think they’d be so… mean about it.
He tried getting the attention of a few others, but one gave him another snide remarks while two others just outright ignored him. A third gave him directions that were obviously wrong, even to Steve, and he had a suspicion that it was on purpose.
He finally got a few vaguely waved hands pointing him in the right direction, but it took far longer than it should’ve.
Finally, once he reached Fury’s trailer, he went up and knocked, waiting at the foot of the steps. A moment later the door opened to a scowling Maria, who silently motioned him in with a glare.
He ducked his head as he stepped past, feeling like he was being chastised. Probably for good reason, given how long it had taken him to get here.
“Um, hello sir” he greeted as he moved towards Fury’s desk, the man busy filling out a form before glancing up once with an icy look.
Maria sat down at her desk across from them, and for a minute there was only the sounds of their pens scratching across paper. Steve stayed standing, not sure if he should sit or not. The both of them seemed upset, and it was filling the trailer with a disquieted that left him antsy.
“Take a seat” Fury finally said, and Steve hurried to sit.
“Would you care to tell me” he started, putting the pen down and shooting Steve with the most irate look he’d ever received, “why you apparently chose to play hooky on your first day here?”
Steve’s eyes cut to the clock, seeing it was nearly ten at night, and winced. He meant to show up closer to three hours ago, but hadn’t realized how late the work had taken him. The time spend wandering the trailers hadn’t helped either.
“Sorry sir, I didn’t realize how long the pegs would take, but I should’ve seen the time and asked to leave-”
“Hold up” Fury cut in. “What pegs?”
“The tent pegs? For the big tent? I was helping to hammer them in”
“You were hammering pegs?”
“… Yes?”
Fury pinched the bridge of his nose, closing his eye for a moment. “Why were you hammering pegs?”
“Because it’s what H crew was told to do?” Steve said with confusion.
“And why in the fresh hell were you on H crew?”
Steve was getting a sinking feeling that he’d screwed up. “I was told to go on H crew”
Fury laughed without humour, “That’s funny, because I seem to recall my lead coordinator saying he put you on J crew. And then I get an earful from my J crew leader that the guy assigned to her never showed, leaving her one man short because Luke had to rearrange the whole damn roster to fit your ass in”
Steve shrank in his seat, realizing this was a far bigger problem than he’d thought.
Fury leaned forward. “Now are you telling me the man who runs my entire labouring staff was mistaken, and shifted a whole damn roster just to put you on H crew by mistake”
“N-no, no, he put me on J”
“So then why the hell were you on H?”
Steve swallowed. “I was told by someone else that H crew needed me. He said he was moving people around?”
“And who, exactly, told you that?”

  Clint.

Steve’s mouth thinned. Maybe not as friendly as he’d thought. But he was also James’ friend.
“Just. One of the workers, I don’t know who”
Fury’s face got pinched, lips pursing unhappily. “Unless that person was Luke Cage or one of the crew leaders, you do not go off your assignment”
“Sorry sir, I didn’t-”
“Now” Fury cut him off, “that being said, I realize some of my staff don’t quite reach the definition of being an adult, and I can see that what happened today was… let’s call it a mistake”
Steve nodded, starting to feel hopeful.
“So what I’m gonna do is let this one slide with the expectation we won’t be seeing a repeat of today, do you understand?”
“Yes sir, I’ll stay on my assignment” Steve agreed handily.
“Good, because you see your hands?” Fury said, and Steve looked down at his hands resting in his lap. “Those are meant to be doing art. And if you fuck them up throwing a hammer around all day, you won’t be doing much of that, will you?”
“No sir”
“Exactly. There’s a reason Luke put your buff ass on J, and it wasn’t ‘cause of your muscles”
Steve hadn’t thought of that- when it came to his hands, he did all the stretches and took the needed breaks, but for some reason, manual labour had never factored in. The only calluses he had were from pens and pencils.
In hindsight, it felt pretty stupid to have been slamming a hammer all day, and he was suddenly very thankful for the gloves Logan had lent him.
“I’ll be more careful” Steve promised, flexing his hands in his lap.
“Good. And I guess I’ll go ahead and give you the run-down since I’m not firing you” he said pointedly, though it was directed to Maria, who’d been silently listening in across from them. She didn’t react other than to write her next few word audibly harshly
Steve only nodded quietly, not daring to get between that.
Fury huffed before addressing Steve again. “Most of it’s covered in your contract, but I got some specifics for you to know
Steve listened attentively, not wanting to mess anything up this time.
“First things first- you’re getting your feet wet on the sideshow tomorrow- and don’t let anyone tell you to leave your post”
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky hissed as cold water showered down on him, jolting him out of his grogginess.
He hated the shower trailer with a passion, cursing that he was forced to use it this morning. He’d gotten up early and everything, but the hot water had run out long before he’d even gotten in line.
The trailer was small and divided into two sections- a shower stall in each with a small sink and counter for any other hygiene habits. The space got cleaned twice a day by the guys in charge of its operation, but with over a hundred people who might potentially use the space at any given time, it left a lot to be desired.
He wished so badly he could’ve used the shower in the motel room he and the others had pooled together to rent, but the place was too far to walk and nobody else was awake at this hour to give him a ride.
Not on a Tuesday anyway. Bucky was one of the handful who had performances outside the weekend’s main events, and he didn’t get days off like the rest.
It wasn’t like he got the short end of the stick though- he reaped other benefits for his extra work. Extra favours, extra breaks, more leeway for when the cards really fucked him over. It was a pretty good trade-off, in his opinion.
He just wished he could get some hot goddamn water every once in a while.
Stepping out with his skin still damp under his clothes and his hair a wet tangled mess, he grumbled his way back to his trailer with his toiletry bag and soggy towel in tow. He was tempted to slam the door on the way in, but while the noise wouldn’t wake Clint without his aids in, the vibrations just might.
He put his things away and threw on some sweatpants and a comfy shirt, brushed his hair, and then got started applying his face. He was going lighter for the weekday- the crowd would be sparse, and his eyeliner didn’t have to kill until Friday.
Finally it was the finishing touches of his costume, wrapping the layers of his red shawl and throwing on the bits and bobs of his jewellery.
Clint’s light snores drifted from beyond the curtains of his bed, and Bucky sighed in jealousy. He looked forlornly at himself in the vanity mirror, the tacky glam of his getup feeling like more of a uniform today. Maybe he should invest in a new shawl soon- a different shade of red, or maybe a whole new colour altogether. Shake things up a little.
Ugh, but then he’d have to redo his whole tent’s decor to match. No thanks.
He left Clint to his blissful sleep, making a stop at the mess to grab a banana and juice box, the only things available so early when the real food hadn’t even started being cooked yet. He skipped the coffee, his cold shower had woken him plenty.
Today he’d be facing outwards to the sidewalk instead of being nestled in the heart of the carnival, just like the handful of other minor booths that would join him. The goal was for passerby’s to get a look at him, hopefully tempting them to drop a couple bucks his way. Him or any of the other booths that lined the walk.
Later, they’d move all these sideshows inwards, directing people to explore the full extend of the carnival once it was ready, but for now he was part of the little sampler people got to experience beforehand, drawing in a decent pay during the weekdays.
He was coming around the corner of a quiet food stand, thinking about how good it was going to be when it was his turn in the motel room, when he stopped short and froze.
Standing there across from him was Steve. The man of his nightmares.
Last night this guy had been Bucky’s personal boogeyman, lurking in every shadow and waiting to strike. Time and distance had built him up as a looming threat, a wraith waiting to steal Bucky’s life and everything he held dear.
This was the exact scenario he’d been trying to avoid: getting caught unprepared and alone, ambushed with no way out. It was just the two of them here, nobody close enough to get here in time if Bucky started screaming for help.
Except Steve couldn’t be any less threatening in this moment if he tried.
The first thing that drew Bucky’s eye was the huge bundle that couldn’t be anything but a folded canopy tent, the simple kind that was four legs and a roof. Working here long enough, Bucky could clock these things in a second.
Usually they were packed up in a little duffle when being carried around, but for some reason Steve was carrying all the individual components in a precarious, one-armed pile.
The other arm would’ve done wonders to help, but it was currently busy balancing a loose pile of papers and three boxes stacked on top of each other, in addition to a book bag that had somehow fallen loose from his shoulder and was now dangling at his elbow.
He looked a gentle breeze away from losing control and dropping everything, and there was a very real helplessness in his eyes as he struggled to stay still while maintaining balance.
Which was to say he made a very sad sight; like a dog who’d gotten its head stuck in a bucket.
“Uh. Hi” Steve said after a moment. He looked equally surprised seeing Bucky, body held stiff and swaying like he was doing his best impression of a crumbling statue.
“Hi” Bucky returned numbly. He was still processing what the hell he was feeling at the moment. In the hard light of day, his walking nightmare just seemed like… a guy.
A guy struggling not to drop a huge armload of things.
“Do you… need a hand?” Bucky asked after another pause.
“No, no, I’m good” Steve said, wobbling unsteadily.
Bucky spent all day around people who liked to juggle any random item within reach. He knew what a steady balance looked like, and Steve was very much not good.
“Look, I’m just gonna-” Bucky muttered, hesitating a second before grabbing the papers and boxes in his empty hands. Steve’s newly freed arm immediately went to stabilize the folded tent. The bundle tottered a moment before Steve got it under control.
“Thanks” Steve said, looking lost as to what to do now. Bucky could sympathize.
He shifted the boxes in his hands. “So, uh. Where do you need these to go?”
Steve looked down the row of tents and booths along the sidewalk, his mouth twisting. “I don’t really… I’m supposed to set up somewhere here?” he half let go of the tent to wave in the general area of the sideshow.
“You don’t know where?”
“It’s, ah. I was just told to find a spot. I don’t need a lot of room” he said.
Bucky nodded. There were a few empty sections spaced along the strip that a small tent could squeeze into.
“You do art, right?”
Steve stared at Bucky a moment, like the question caught him off guard, before giving a stilted answer.
“Oh. Uh, yeah. Portraits”
“Probably want to set up in a quieter section then. Avoid the food stalls”
Steve blinked. “Huh. Yeah. That’s a good idea”
Bucky shifted on his feet. Jesus, this was awkward.
“Look, there’s a spot next to my-” he started to say but then stopped, realizing what he’d been about to offer. It was just instinct to help his fellow performers, and the words had slipped out without consideration.
Steve must have caught on too, because he shook his head.
“It’s fine, I can just. At the end somewhere” he said vaguely, and yeah. That was probably for the best.
“Sure” Bucky agreed.
Steve looked from one end to the other, deciding which direction he wanted to go before picking the left- the farthest side from Bucky’s tent.
They walked down in silence, reaching the end next to the ring-toss. Steve set the tent down and made to take the boxes off Bucky’s hands, but then paused, looking unsure about getting too close.
“Just, take them” Bucky said, holding the items away from his body.
Steve didn’t linger as he grabbed them, taking a step back once he had his things.
“Thanks for the help” Steve said, trying for a smile.
Bucky shrugged, folding his arm over his chest and looking away. “No problem. You should keep the tent in its bag next time though. Makes it easier to carry”
Steve blinked, then looked down at the unassembled tent. “It comes in a bag?”
“Yeah. You didn’t take it out of the bag?”
“They just gave it to me like this”
Bucky frowned. Steve’s might have been the cheaper kind, but nobody just handed them out without the bag. Tents were important around here, and a single lost piece made the whole thing worthless.
“Huh. Well, you should ask for the bag when you go back for the chairs”
“Chairs?”
“You know. So you and the customer can sit?” he said, waving to the empty ground Steve was setting up in.
Steve blinked again, then realization struck. He rubbed a hand over his face, sighing. “The chairs. I forgot the chairs” he muttered, looking down at his empty spot dejectedly.
“Well, uh, glad I could remind you” Bucky said awkwardly. He took a step back. “So I gotta set up my stuff…”
Steve looked up. “Oh, yeah, yeah. Don’t let me keep you. And, um, thanks. For the help” he said lamely.
“Sure” Bucky nodded, turning to leave. This couldn’t end fast enough.
“James, wait” Steve called, freezing Bucky in his tracks. He turned around hesitantly, waiting for what Steve had to say.
“Look, I’m just… I’m sorry for the other night. For both nights”
He didn’t have to specify which nights- they’d only had the two so far.
Bucky sighed tightly, rubbing at his wrist. He wanted nothing more than to hightail it out of Steve’s presence, but that look he was giving Bucky…
Why did he have to look so fucking earnest?
“It’s fine” he said, the words a little ashy on his tongue. Nothing was fine, but what else was new?
“Not your fault anyways, I have issues,” Bucky went on, motioning to his head,
Internally, Bucky was cringing. He didn’t usually throw the crazy excuse around- the more people who thought he was sane, the better- but these were special circumstances. Steve had seen him at his worst, seen the cards at their worst, and there was no hemming and hawing around that.
“Yeah, but, you know” Steve shrugged nervously. “Sorry for triggering it, and how I handled it after”
Ugh, why was he so nice?
Bucky looked away. “It’s fine. I mean, I wasn’t really thinking at the time. Was probably a good thing you carried me and stuff. So. Thanks” he mumbled, inching a step back. This was unbearable.
“Yeah, I. Sorry, I don’t wanna keep you, just wanted to-” Steve stopped, crossed his arms to make himself smaller. “Sorry, I’m just glad you’re okay is all”
Bucky nodded. “Yeah, all good” he said, smiling thinly.
“Yeah, so um-”
“Yeah”
They both stood there a second longer, and then Bucky was turning on his heels, walking back to his tent- not too fast, he wasn’t running for his life or anything, but not too slow either.
He didn’t look back, ducking straight into his tent and breathing a deep sigh of relief.
“Jesus Christ” he muttered, collapsing into his chair. That was the most awkward thing he’d ever experienced, and that included several instances of revealing a cheating spouse while both the couple were seated in front of him.
This was the guy that would ruin his life? Only five minutes of a clumsy interaction that barely counted as conversation and Bucky could already tell Steve was going to be about as sinister as a puppy.
He was unlike anyone Bucky had ever met. That first night when they’d sat together, Bucky had actually enjoyed his company. Had been thinking of ways to keep him around for more conversation before the night crowd swelled again.
Obviously that never panned out, but it was how he reacted afterwards that spoke even more volumes. When faced with Bucky’s terror, his bleeding wrists and his screaming fear, Steve had done what most strangers wouldn’t and helped him.
Now Bucky pulled the cards out of his pocket and slapped them on the table, scrutinizing the chilling black and red design.
“What’s he even going to do to me?”
He flipped the top card over. It showed a man in chains, a thousand red stars above him.

  The Prisoner does not ask questions.

He flipped the second card.

  The Prisoner does not ask questions.

He flipped the one after that.

  The Prisoner does not ask questions.

Three identical prisoners sat face up before him. Except they were him, his own face done up in stylized misery. A dour expression twisted with anguish, a body hunched under the strain, a faint line of bloody red at the shackled wrists. It was grotesque to look at.
He swept them off the table bitterly.
“Fuck you” he muttered to the deck, sitting back sullenly. He turned away from the sight, looking at the misplaced red fabrics hanging on the wall. When he looked back over the edge of the table, the three cards had disappeared from the floor.
The deck sat idly on the cloth in front of him, not a single card short.
He rubbed a hand over his face tiredly, wishing he’d opted for the coffee this morning. It was too early to be dealing with this.
 

 
Steve set the chairs down next to his other supplies, relieved it was all still where he’d left it. He’d wanted to ask James to watch his stuff while he was gone, but for several reasons that was obviously not a good idea.
He was just glad the chairs hadn’t been a hassle, nor the empty tent bag. The woman at the supply trailer had handed them over easily, though Steve had spied a whole pile of fully packed duffle bags behind her. He had a sneaking suspicion he’d been given the tent without its bag on purpose.
A part of that stung in a familiar way, and it threw him back into his high school memories. It was the same ostracization all over again, but with more of the subtlety afforded to adult bullies.
He wasn’t a teenager though, and he shrugged it off in a way that would’ve made his teen self envious. He’d just have to watch out for this kind of thing next time.
Fury had made it clear he didn’t care much about how people treated each other so long as it didn’t interfere with work or cross a serious line. Which of those two were more important to his superiors, Steve couldn’t say, but it did mean that people couldn’t go too far with their hazing and sabotage without drawing the wrath of their boss.
What it did mean was that he was left to learn the ropes on his own- like setting up his portrait stand for the first time.
Fury had given him a rundown; tent, easel, display board, art supplies, money box and chairs. He’d already gotten to a bad start on that front, and looking down at the collection of items, he felt a moment of being overwhelmed. The tent especially had him stressed, seeing as he’d never put one up before.
He took a calming breath, trying not to let it get to him. He’d come here early just for this reason. Right now it was just him in the early dawn of the day- and James, unexpectedly- and he had plenty of time to figure it out.
He bent down and started unfolding the contraption, trying to sort where everything went. He held two identical rods in each hand and sighed, wishing this thing came with instructions.
A half hour later and he was feeling no better, struggling to fit two pieces together to make the corner of what he hoped was the roof.
Out of the corner of his eyes he spotted someone approaching and turned to see who it was. A relieved smile broke out on his face when he saw it was Sharon.
“Hey” she said as she came up to him, stopping short outside his little square of scaffolding.
“Hey” he said back, lowering the bolt he’d been trying to screw in. He must have made a pathetic sight, sitting on the rough gravel with what looked like an exploded tent around him. She gazed down at his mess with amused pity, struggling to hide a laugh with a twist to her mouth.
“Thought I’d come check on your first setup. Need a hand?” she asked, echoing James’ words from before.
“That bad?” he asked jokingly, waving at his progress.
“Well, you’re trying to connect two legs together, so unless you’re making some kind of art piece...”
Steve chuckled in embarrassment, looking down at the two pieces he’d been trying to join. He’d never been too good at puzzles, he mused disparagingly.
“Come on, I can do this one in my sleep. I’ll show you how it works” Sharon said, offering Steve a hand up.
In half the time it had taken Steve to rig together his shamble of a base, Sharon had the whole thing up and finished. She snapped the pieces together so fast that he could've blinked and missed seeing it.
“And now you hammer in the pegs to keep the wind from taking it, but weather’s supposed to be nice so I think you can get away with just shoving them as far as they’ll go” Sharon explained, pushing one of the narrow pegs into the gravel by hand where it sunk barely an inch. She handed the rest to him.
“You make it look so easy” he said, moving to put the pegs in at the other three legs.
“It kind of is,” she chuckled, watching him add the last bits, “but I’ve been doing this for a while, so maybe I’m biased”
“Well I appreciate it all the same, I don’t wanna mess up my first day”
“And speaking of” Sharon said with a raised brow, “What was that disappearing act you pulled yesterday? I thought you wanted to make a good impression?”
“I didn’t- I didn’t disappear” Steve muttered, shoving the peg with added force. “Someone told me H crew needed my help and they were moving people around. I didn’t know I wasn’t supposed to”
He heard an unhappy tisk behind him, but didn’t turn to look at whatever expression she was making.
“Oh my god, somebody messed with you? Did you tell Fury that?”
“Yeah, of course I told him”
“And?”
He shrugged, moving to the next pole. “And nothing. I got a slap on the wrist and told not to let it happen again”
“Shit” she muttered. “Did you report whoever did it?”
“Nah, I didn’t know the guy. Just one of the crew”
He finished the last peg, turning to face Sharon’s concerned frown. Her arms were crossed unhappily.
“Well point him out to me if you see him, I know pretty much all the regulars”
“Sure, I’ll let you know if I see him again”
Steve didn’t particularly plan on ever telling her, or anyone, that it had been Clint. First of all, Clint was her friend, and he didn’t want to stir the pot on that front.
Secondly- and more unfortunately- nobody liked a tattle-tale.
It was dumb, he was well aware, but if high school life taught him anything, it was that. He wouldn’t make friends if he ran to the boss every time someone was mean to him. He’d just have to stick with the plan and hope he could show them he was a friendly face. More importantly though, he had to secure his employment, or it would all be for nothing. Which reminded him.
“Oh hey, are you free right now?” Steve asked, pulling up his art supplies and positioning his easel.
“Yeah, I got some time before my shift. Why?”
He pulled up a blank sheet and set it on the stand. “Well, after yesterday, I got some pretty specific instruction about my stand”
“Like have your easel face the street so people can see what you’re drawing?” she asked wryly.
Steve paused, looking at the setup he’d been doing. The easel faced inwards so that Steve could see out to the street, but nobody would see his work. “Ah. Well, not that, but thanks” he said, moving to reposition his things and feeling his cheeks heat a little. It felt like everything he did today was a misstep.
“Actually, what I need are some samples so people know what I can do. Would you be okay sitting for a portrait?” he asked once he had everything moved.
“Ooh, gonna draw me like one of your French girls?” Sharon said with an amused glint in her eye.
Steve pulled out his set of charcoals, giving her a flat look as he took up his stool in front of the easel. “Hilarious. Loved hearing that joke a thousand times at college”
Sharon grinned, pulling up the other chair to sit across from him. “I bet. And I also bet you’re gonna hear it a thousand times from customers, so learn to laugh at their shitty jokes”
“Ugh” Steve muttered, starting the outline of her face. “I almost forgot how bad customer service is. I don’t miss being a waiter” he muttered.
He paused his hand, considering her face, and… yeah, there was a cleverness to her eyes, a benevolent kind that was always looking to solve problems. The focus of the portrait was there, and with the dimples too. He’d have to downplay the chin area-
“Oh, you get a whole new flavour here” Sharon said, shifting her shoulders to sit up straighter. “Unless they’re getting physical or threatening, you’re the manager of your booth for all intents and purposes. Except they don’t believe you, and you spend twenty minutes trying to make them leave”
“Exciting” he said in a droll tone.
“Mmh. At least you can get up and walk away. Try getting yelled at in a mermaid tail”
Steve grimaced in sympathy.
“Sorry, I’m making this all sound sucky. It’s not all bad, most people are fine and the kids are almost always great. You just get a few assholes every once in a while. Makes for great cooler talk though”
Steve perked up at that. “Oh yeah?”
“Yeah. Everyone’s got like a hundred stories about customers, just ask them and you’ll get your ear talked off- if they, you know, like you” she added guiltily.
Steve waved her off. “Ah, I’ll get there. Made friends with H crew already, I think I can work my way up”
“Ha, good luck. Construction and entertainment get along like jocks and nerds”
“I dunno, that Thor guy said he does burlesque. Can’t be divided that bad”
“Eh” Sharon made a doubtful noise, “Thor’s got a sibling who does burlesque full-time, that’s his in with the crowd. We don’t get a lot of cross contamination with the cliques”
“Wow, ‘cross contamination’”
Sharon stuck her tongue out at him. “I don’t make the stupid social rules, I just arbitrarily follow them”
“Good to know where you stand on the matter” he teased, finishing off the last of the shading.
He took the portrait and turned it around for her to see. “Done. What do you think?”
Sharon’s brow rose as her mouth fell slightly open, her eyes roving over the sheet. Steve tried not to smile too proudly as she admired it. His art, at least, was something he couldn't mess up today.
“Holy shit, you can art” she said in wonder.
“I told you I got a degree in this stuff”
“And you made my chin actually look like a human chin! I swear every picture I see of myself the thing it twice the size” she said, rubbing her chin self-consciously.
“Your chin is fine”
“No, I know, I get hit on every week by men who ‘like them wet’” she said offhandedly, “Cameras usually just catch me at a weird angle is all”
“Well, the joys of portraits is I control how flattering they look”
“No kidding” she said “If you didn’t need it for your samples, I’d absolutely keep that for myself”
“I can make you another if you like” Steve offered, holding out the completed portrait for her to take. “So long as you don’t mind sitting for it”
“Uh, yes?” Sharon said like the answer was obvious. “But hold on to that one” she said, shooing away the offered portrait, “If you’re making two then I wanna choose the better one”
Steve laughed, tucking the first image to the side. “Fair enough, it’s the least I can offer for using your likeness”
“If all your work is going to be like that, better believe my likeness is gonna get you customers. Who can resist this pretty face” she said, smiling beatifically with her wrist under her chin in an exaggerated pose.
Steve snickered. “Not a soul” he snorted, starting a new drawing. “Are you gonna hold that pose the whole time?” he asked when she didn’t move.
“I need variety if I’m choosing between two”
Steve huffed. “Alright”
With the expression she was holding, the whole focus of the portrait shifted. Now it was her grin, teeth beaming in a playful smile, eyes shining with exuberance.
As he worked, he made note to thank Sharon after he finished her piece, like offer to get her something from a local restaurant later. She’d really saved his ass today.
And so had James. He’d have to find a way to thank him too.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky drew the first card, revealing the Knight of Cups as a woman atop a black horse holding a chalice, red liquid falling from the brim.
“You made a proposition that hasn’t been answered”
The woman in front of him nodded. “Yeah, I asked him to move in, and he still hasn’t gotten back to me”
He pulled the next card, showing a different woman, old and wizened with flowing robes and a sceptre; The Emperor.
“The object of your desire is held under an authority”
She huffed. “Yeah, his mom’s completely controlling. He has a fucking curfew, can you believe it? Like yeah, it’s her house, but he’s a fucking grown man”

  
    Bucky’s lips thinned, but he didn’t comment. He drew the next two cards, the 
  
  
    Five of Pentacles, reversed; and 
  
  
    the 
  
  
    King of Wands. 
  
  
    One showed an old woman screaming at a kneeling man, the other showed a younger woman dancing with a crown of flames.
  

“You will need to incite disorder to overcome this issue, but your honesty and candor can be a benefit”
“What, like just tell his mom off?” she asked.
“If that’s how you interpret that to mean. Anything that would disrupt the normal order”
She made a considering hum. “She does think her little baby is a virgin, I can totally see her kicking him out over that…”
Bucky tried not to react, but yikes. He flipped the next card before the deck could pull at him, wanting to hurry this along.
The card showed a woman holding a small, sickly dog under her arm, her hand clamped over its muzzle to keep it mute. Strength, reversed.
“Your object of desire won’t be of help, and holds a weakness against your opposing force” he said, trying not to look too closely at the miserable expression of the dog. He didn’t envy this guy.
“Ugh, he’s totally a momma’s boy for sure” she agreed. “He makes me wear a jacket when I go to his house so his mom doesn’t go apeshit over my cleavage” she said, rolling her eyes.
“Uh-huh” Bucky acknowledged diplomatically, hurrying to pull the last card. He flipped it over and set it down, looking at the King of Swords, reversed.
“You’ll usurp your opposing force and replace it, taking on the mantle of authority”
He frowned. The last card showed a crowned woman in the likeness of the one in front of him holding a sword in one hand. Rather than the usual throne the King cards held, hers was instead a man on all fours acting as her seat, his head cowed fearfully.
God, he hoped she lost interest in this guy. If she went through with this, it was going to be a toxic relationship at best.
“What, so like, I’ll be his mom?” she asked in disgust, her hands curling so her acrylic nails lined up in neat rows of baby blue.
Bucky shrugged, under no obligation to clarify. He’d done his job of voicing the card’s words, and didn’t particularly want to steer her in the correct direction.
“Ew, gross” she said, her mouth curled in distaste. “I’m telling you right now, I am nobody’s mother; I don’t cook or clean for shit” she snapped with a dramatic roll of her hand.
Bucky smiled politely. “Well, it’s good to consider how you want your relationship to work if you live with someone. If you don’t think you’re compatible, maybe rethinking what you want out of this relationship will help” he offered.
“Sure. Whatever” she muttered, pushing out of the chair and walking away.
Bucky collected the cards and shuffled them back into the deck with a deep sigh, sagging in his chair. God, he met some real pieces of work sometimes, but hopefully he’d actually done some good and made her rethink living with this poor guy, whoever he was.
Or maybe he’d just sicced her on some other hapless man who otherwise would’ve been completely happy never having met her. It was hard to say what the ripple effects were.
He rolled his neck and stretched out his arms, groaning. He’d been sitting here for hours and was due for a lunch break, so he tucked the cards away and got up, putting up his Back in 1 Hour sign on the bare table.
He stepped out, squinting in the bright sunlight after having spent the morning in the shade of his tent.
To the right was a pretzel stand run by one of the temporary workers hitching a ride with their troupe; to the left was Darcy running the information booth, answering questions about this weekend’s shows and selling early tickets to interested buyers.
He walked up to her counter and leaned an elbow in. “Excuse me miss, do you have change for a hundred? I need it in quarters” he asked teasingly as he pushed his money box across to her, ducking to avoid the hand that swatted at him.
“I will kill you if you ever ask me for that” Darcy laughed, taking the box off the top counter and tucking it underneath where people couldn’t grab at it. “Did you actually make a hundred though?” she asked, eyeing the box.
“Nah, got about twenty in there from the morning”
“Not so bad” she commented.
Bucky shrugged. Weekdays were slow with pedestrians, and four dollars an hour was a mediocre rate. It didn’t help that they weren’t in a high-traffic area, but they worked with what they had.
The games and food stalls racked in the bigger bucks anyway, he was just here to add to the overall charm of the carnival; along with the clowns putting up a good show of juggling and the contortionist sitting in a folded position for people to gawk at.
It gave the appearance of whimsy and wonder that the typical fairground booths couldn’t achieve on their own, and probably drew in more people than the food and games combined- despite those being what people ultimately spent their cash on.
Someone had once described it to Bucky as being a symbiotic relationship, like they were a fucking ecosystem or something. Maybe that wasn’t too far off though, this place definitely felt like a jungle sometimes.
“Well I’m going on break, you want me to grab anything from the mess?” he asked.
Darcy shook her head. “Nah, I’m good. My shift ends in like an hour, I’ll grab something then”
“Alright” he smiled, waving goodbye as he stepped away. He made a short walk along the strip to say hi to the other performers he knew, checking how they were faring at their respective booths. No surprises, food was selling fast and games were being played, while the acts were applauded but not given much in the form of tips.
He paused after the balloon twisting booth, brow furrowing when he spotted Clint set up with his foot archery act. He had his little perch set on the ground where he was balancing on his hands, shooting arrows at a target using his feet.
It was odd, given Clint didn’t usually take the sideshow shifts. Weekdays were spent on practice and preparation.
What made it more suspicious though, was seeing that Clint had set his act directly next to Steve’s art tent. Bucky had a sinking feeling, and he hesitantly approached.
Steve, thankfully, was facing away from Clint, and was otherwise occupied with sketching a customer who he was also conversing with. It gave Bucky an opening to approach without having to acknowledge the other man.
Clint gave him a brief glance before loosing his arrow, hitting the target at the upper-right and completing the lopsided smiley face he was drawing with his hits. The target was barely five feet away, but the spectacle didn’t lose any style for it.
“Hey” Bucky greeted, standing to the side as Clint dismounted and stood upright, shifting his bow to his hands.
“Hey Buck” Clint smiled. “Going on break?”
“Yeah, you want anything?”
“Nah, I had lunch already”
“Alright” Bucky said slowly, eyeing the setup. “You out here covering for someone?”
Clint scratched his nose, looking at the target with a shrug. “Thought I’d get some practice in where people could see today. Change of scenery, you know?”
Bucky glanced over at Steve, who was laughing at something the customer had said. He could see the progress of his work, the lines that coalesced into a likeness of the customer’s face. From where Clint had situated himself, he could observe Steve to his heart’s content without getting caught.
“Uh-huh” Bucky said.
Clint moved towards the target to collect his arrows, giving Bucky an innocent look on the way. “What?”
“What do you mean ‘what’? I asked you-” Bucky cut himself off, lowering his voice as he followed, “I asked you not to mess with him” he hissed quietly, mindful of how close the subject of their discussion was.
“I just wanna get a feel for the guy” Clint hushed in an equally subtle voice, leaning in. “You know, see what he’s about. I won’t do anything, I swear” Clint said, starting to pull his arrows out.
Bucky ran a hand over his face, a tightness growing in his chest. He couldn’t put a finger on it, but this felt too close for his liking. He wanted to keep Steve away, and Clint trying to get a feel for the guy was nowhere near away.
But then what did Bucky want Clint to do? He couldn’t ask Clint to keep his distance, that would look incredibly bad and not convince his friend that Steve wasn’t a problem.
Not that he was a problem- not yet- but he didn’t need Clint making it a problem.
He felt like he was walking on a minefield right now.
“Just… don’t make a big deal of it” Bucky muttered, watching as Clint collected his arrows in a bundle and tucked them into his quiver.
“A big deal of what?”
“Of it!” Bucky hissed, motioning around generally. “Me, that night, any of it. He’s a nice guy, just. Don’t do anything… anything- gah!” Bucky blew out a frustrated breath, words failing him.
“Hey man,” Clint said, putting a hand on Bucky’s shoulder, “It’s cool, I’ll be chill” he smiled reassuringly. “Like I said, I’m just getting a feel for the guy, right? See what his deal is, nothing else”
Bucky bit his lip, eyes cutting back to Steve briefly. “Nothing else?”
“Nothing else”
Bucky’s mouth twisted.
“Look, don’t let me keep you from your break” Clint said, changing topic. He put both hands on Bucky’s shoulders and turned him around, steering him in the direction of the mess. “It’s panini’s and steamed vegetable for lunch today”
Bucky scrunched his nose at that pairing. “Vegetable sides for a sandwich?”
“Yeah, I know,” Clint agreed sympathetically, “They overstocked again, it’s mostly cauliflower and peas, but if you’re lucky they might still have carrots”
“Ugh, I think I’ll just skip the vegetables”
“Probably the smart choice. I dumped mine into the Lucky’s bowl on the way out” Clint grinned.
“You’re gonna give that dog IBS one day,” Bucky shook his head. “If Shuri doesn’t kill you for messing with her dogs first” he added.
“Dog” Clint corrected, “I only spoil the one”
“Oh yeah, I bet all the other dogs are jealous of him. Dining on cheap steamed vegetables like a prince”
“Ah, get outta here” Clint laughed, shoving at Bucky gently. “Go get your lunch”
“Alright, alright” Bucky laughed, yielding and making his way towards the mess. “I’ll see you later” he called, grinning back at his friend.
For a brief second Bucky looked past Clint’s shoulder and caught Steve’s eye, who’d turned around at the sound of their laughing. Just as fast Steve turned away, returning his attention to the customer.
I hope he didn’t hear any of that, Bucky worried. They’d kept their voices down, right?
“See ya” Clint said, turning back to his archery set, unaware of the brief moment that had just occurred.
Bucky made his way inwards towards the mess, biting at his lip. His hand dipped into his pocket, fingering at the edge of the deck.
It’s gonna be fine, he tried to tell himself.
The tight feeling in his chest didn’t quite go away.
 

 
“Gosh son, you’ve got some talent!” Rufus said, admiring the portrait Steve had done of him.
“Just a lot of practice” Steve smiled, feeling satisfied. Rufus was his second customer of the day, and he was feeling pretty good about how he’d handled the transaction with the older man.
The guy was personable and talked plenty enough for the both of them, sharing funny anecdotes as Steve drew his rounded, mirthful face. He had the feel of a merry man, and Steve hadn’t been surprised to learn he worked as a mall Santa in the winter.
“My granddaughter’s gonna love this, thank you” he said, rolling up the portrait. Steve handed him a rubber band to wrap it with, grateful that Sharon had brought the idea up to him and then consequently gone and gotten him some from the carnival’s supplies. He was gonna have to buy her dinner for a week at this rate.
“It was my pleasure” Steve said, shaking the hand Rufus offered.
“You have a good day now”
Steve waved as he left. “You too”
Steve watched him make his way down the sidewalk to the rest of the sideshow, stopping at the hotdog cart. He sighed, turning back to his empty tent.
Rufus was his highlight so far, his first customer having been more of an awkward experience. Steve didn’t even catch his name, only made the barest conversation as he drew the man’s face. He’d at least gotten a compliment of his work at the end, but it had been a fairly sterile interaction overall.
Now that Steve was free again, he pulled up his current work, frowning in dissatisfaction. He still needed more examples to put up on his sample board, and this was his latest attempt to add to it.
He was working on a portrait based on a stock photo off the internet, one of a smiling child, but he hated how it was turning out. He never liked doing portraits off a picture, they came out too flat and lifeless for his taste, and stock photos in particular were just too artificial.
Sure it was technically accurate, and anyone not an art appreciator would call it a flawless recreation, but there’s was just no soul to it.
He did better on live subjects, but he’d yet to find anyone willing to pose for him. He’d asked the people working around him, but it had been a solid series of no’s.
He’d even tried asking Clint, hoping to bridge whatever divide was between them, but Clint had only given him a friendly no as well. Steve wasn’t fooled this time though- he could sense the dislike underneath the honeyed words.
He got the message, and kept a distance from the man shooting arrows behind him. Every now and again Steve would get a prickling feeling, convinced that any second the next thwup! of an arrow was going to be in his back, but it never came, and he had to push on and ignore it.
Clint kept up his act silently behind him the whole while, chatting up customers and sending them down the row- away from Steve, he noticed, but never directly saying anything that could prove he was doing it. Clint would just nudge people to try the food, check out the other acts, or see the fortune teller. Since Steve was right at the end of the row, it wasn’t exactly a stretch to push those people to the more populated sections.
Steve still had a bad feeling about it. Just like when he spotted Clint talking with James literally behind his back.
What had they been saying? Steve was pretty sure he’d been the topic, but their words were drowned out by the ambient noise of the other booths, plus Rufus’ voice as he’d been in the middle of telling another story.
He just hoped Clint didn’t say anything bad about him to James.
Steve tried not to dwell on it as he finished drawing the child’s face, glancing at the reference image to compare.
It’s… fine, he begrudgingly assessed. A live subject would’ve given him more to work with.
This was why he did better with logos and graphic design for regular work- those didn’t need to have soul to look good, they just had to be pleasant to look at.
At least he had Sharon’s portrait. Hers was sitting centered at the top of his sample board, her radiant smile outshining all the other still life he had up so far.
She was the clear highlight of his work, and hopefully it was enough to compensate for his other listless examples until he was able to find more people willing to let him-

  Thwang!

Steve jumped from his seat with a shocked sound, his heart skipping as he processed the sudden sight of an arrow embedded in his sample board, the shaft still shaking from the impact.
“Jesus!” he gasped. He’d felt the wind of the arrow as it passed.
“Aw shit” he heard Clint say from behind him, and Steve turned with wide eyes.
“My bad man” Clint went on with a chagrined look that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “Had a wasp in my face for a second there, lost my balance and let that one loose”
Steve was still floundering for words, his heart loud in his chest as Clint casually walked past him towards the board. Steve stepped aside to get out of his way.
“Shame about your drawing” he said, putting one had flat on the board as he yanked the arrow out. There was a long tearing noise as the paper split where the arrowhead caught.
Steve swallowed, taking in the ruined image. The one of Sharon. Her left eye was now an empty hole, with a tear cutting across her cheek and mouth like a scar.
He felt a small thrum of anger building, slowly replacing his shock.
Clint had been hitting bullseyes all day with his feet, so it evidently didn’t go unnoticed that this ‘stray arrow’ had hit Sharon’s image dead-center at her eye.
They used to tear up his drawings in high school too, yanking the paper right out of his hand when the teacher wasn’t looking. Steve’s jaw ticked, and he consciously unclenched it after a second.
He’s James’ friend, he reminded himself.
“A real shame, you really caught Sharon’s smile and everything” Clint went on, putting the arrow back in his quiver.
“Clint” Steve said seriously, waiting for the man to look him in the eye. “I don’t want to have a problem with you”
The smile that broke out on Clint’s face was anything but genuine. “What do you mean? Ain’t no problem here” he said, waving between them with his bow.
Steve didn’t say anything, holding his gaze with a hard look. After a moment Clint huffed, rubbing at his mouth in consideration, like he was checking that nobody was watching them, then walked closer so they stood face to face.
“Look,” Clint said, his voice colder than before. “Bucky’s a good friend of mine. A good friend, you know? He’s like a brother to me”
Steve nodded, letting the other man continue.
“And guys like you? When you’re caught? That’s a lifetime ban” Clint grinned, and then tapped the end of his bow at Steve’s chest. “So I don’t know what you said to Bucky that’s got him all spooked and sayin’ you’re such a great guy, but trust me when I say that I don’t take kindly to people who hurt my family” Clint all but growled, his smile turned into a sneer. Steve held firm, not moving as the tip of the bow bit into his chest.
He got it. Goddammit, but he got it. Clint wasn’t just being an ass for no reason; he was protecting James.
Problem was, he had the completely wrong idea.
Steve’s face softened. “I don’t know what you think happened, but I swear I didn’t do anything to purposely hurt him. I don’t want to see him hurt, ever”
Clint pulled the bow away, taking a step back, his disingenuous grin returned. “Well hey, of course not! You and me both, right?”
“I’m serious,” Steve insisted, “I don’t know what I did to trigger him that night, and I feel awful about it. I really just want him to be okay”
“Uh-huh, whatever you say” Clint said, turning to walk away. “Oh, and don’t worry,” he added over his shoulder, “Bucky’s sticking with that story too. Hasn’t said a word. S’just that a lotta people saw you that night, you know?”
Steve frowned. “But I didn’t-”
“Anyway!” Clint interrupted, bending down to pick up the platform he’d been balancing on, “I think my shift’s just about over. But maybe I’ll see you around tomorrow, huh?”
“Yeah” Steve muttered, reluctantly taking the dismissal and watching him pack away his set.
“He’s got a lot of other friends too” Clint explained, folding all his equipment into a single pile. “Most everyone likes him around here, looks out for him and stuff. So you know, if something were to happen to him, there’d be a lotta people lining up to have a go at whoever did that”
Steve’s first instinct was to puff up at the threat, but instead he let his shoulders relax. “Then I’m glad he has people looking out for him” he said earnestly.
“I bet” He eyed Steve for a moment, then shrugged and turned away. “See you around” he called, making his way back into the unfinished carnival.
Steve waited until he disappeared from sight before sitting back down, hunched in his seat.
“Fuck” he muttered, rubbing a hand over his face. What a mess. He looked up at his board and Sharon’s ruined portrait, sighing as he reached over and pulled the paper off. He folded it into his pocket, unsure if he was going to try to salvage it later or not.
I should make some caricatures, he thought, looking at his remaining sub-par work. Cartoons and designs always turned out good no matter the muse, unlike realism that he needed live subjects for. Maybe he’d fare better on that front.
He looked dejectedly at his finished work of the stock image child, then flipped the paper over to the back and restarted her face, this time over-exaggerating the shape.
He was still meant to be out here for hours yet, and until he got another customer, he might as well keep busy.
  
    Chapter Text
    “What makes you think that?” Sharon asked.
“I don’t know, it’s just a feeling I guess. He’s being too chill about it” Bucky muttered, taking another bite of his sandwich.
“Maybe he’s just being careful. You know he’s slow to trust, and Steve didn’t exactly make a great first impression” she said over her own sandwich, the two of them sitting across from each other at one of the mess tables.
Bucky shrugged noncommittally. Sharon would only know about as much as Bucky did on what Clint was up to. It helped to talk to her though- her optimism tended to make a good soundboard for his pessimistic views.
“Yeah, maybe” Bucky said, not wholly convinced. Sharon was right when she said Clint was slow to trust, and Bucky wasn’t buying that Clint was only practicing on the walk so he could ‘get a feel’ for Steve. But then, what else was he doing out there?
“Oh, I know. How about you ask the universe about it?” she suggested, miming the act of dealing cards.
Bucky gave her a look, and she rolled her eyes. “Sorry, I meant what if I asked the universe for you?”
He twisted his lips distastefully. While it technically was a loophole with the cards, he didn’t like to make a habit of reading his own life in that way. He, more than anyone, knew the consequences of a bad reading, especially if it was something life-altering.
Would seeing if Clint was lying be one of those? It was more of a yes or no query, depending on how Sharon worded it, so probably not; but still, did he want to risk it at lunch in front of all these people? He hadn’t even finished his sandwich yet.
“Don’t give me that look, you always say the cards help give people a new perspective on their problems, why not yours too?”
“It doesn’t work the same for me, I have a… a more solid interpretation of the tarot. I don’t get a lot of wiggle room” he muttered, looking away.
“Why not just try it? Come on, pull it out so I can ask”
There was a tug at his wrists, and Bucky’s shoulders sagged as he put down his sandwich and pushed his plate aside, reaching into his pocket.
At the same time, Sharon’s eyes went wide, her hands covering her mouth as she realized what she’d done.
“Oh shit! No, no, Bucky I’m sorry. Forget it, I don’t want a reading, just put them away- shit, shit”
“It’s fine” he said, pulling out the cards and shuffling them between his hands.
Sharon hid her face in her hands, shrinking in her seat. “No, I shouldn’t have said that. God, I’m an ass. What if I walk away right now?”
He sent the cards in a flying ruffle between his hands, smiling sadly. “It’s really easier if we just get this over with” he said, putting the shuffled deck down between them. If he didn’t do a reading for her, the urge would just nag at him until he did it for someone else anyway.
It was just a yes or no question. It was probably going to be fine.
“Is there, like, a good way for me to ask this at least?” she said, dropping her hands into her lap and looking remorseful.
“Try to make it clear and explicit, like a yes or no answer is the only option”
Sharon nodded, looking down at the cards unhappily. Most of his friends knew better by now, and she was probably kicking herself already.
Sharon took a breath before reaching up resolutely with a hand. “Okay. Is Clint Barton lying to James Barnes” she said, paused, then quickly added “-about not messing with Steve Rogers”
Bucky nodded with a tight smile, relieved for that final addition. Asking if Clint was lying in general was far too broad, and risked the cards latching onto something major.
Her hand came down and touched the top of the deck, then she pulled it away, giving Bucky the space to do his work. He felt relief as the tugging at his wrists were gentle, a small insistence as long as he did as they commanded.
“Alright” he muttered, sliding the deck closer to himself and pulling the first card.
Queen of Wands. It showed a man with a bow in one hand a flaming arrow in the other, a dog laying curled at his feet.
“The object of your interest is focused and passionate. He stands loyal by his friends, defending them to the best of his ability”
Yeah, that was vaguely Clint.
Sharon only nodded, staying quiet while he did his set.
The next card was The Fool, reversed. To nobody’s surprise, it was in the likeness of a large blond man.
“A new arrival has stirred feelings of caution in him. The unknown appears dangerous and threatening”
Yeah, okay. Bad first impressions and all that.
Next was the Seven of Wands, and then the Seven of Swords.
“He must take it upon himself to defend his family and home, using deception and trickery to avoid detection by those he wishes to protect”
Bucky paused at that, giving the two cards a flat look.
Goddammit Clint.
With a sigh, he pulled the last two cards.
The Moon, reversed; and the Five of Wands.
“He is navigating a field on misinterpretation, and will struggle to read unclear situations. His actions will sew conflict and obstinacy to hearing other truths”
There was a silence between the two of them, and then Bucky collected the cards.
“I mean… maybe he’s…”
Bucky tucked the cards into his pocket, leaning one arm on the table. “Please, give me your upbeat take on that” he said sarcastically.
Sharon’s lips thinned. “Okay, so that wasn’t… great, but, you know. It doesn’t prove he’s lying or anything, right? It just… looks that he’s lying. On the surface”
Bucky leaned back in his chair, rubbing a hand over his face tiredly.
“I asked Clint not to mess with him. I asked him. Explicitly!” he groused.
“Well, maybe you just need to talk to him?”
“I did!” Bucky snapped. “I told him nothing happened that night, I told him Steve wasn’t a bad guy, and I asked him not to make a big deal of it!”
He put his head in his hands, groaning unhappily. He’d have to have a talk with Clint. Again.
He raised his head after a moment when Sharon stayed suspiciously silent. She was grimacing slightly, like she wasn’t sure how to say what she wanted.
“What?” he asked.
“It’s just… were those the words you used for Clint?”
“Yeah?”
“Okay” she said slowly, “So you know how that sounds, right? You sounded like you were being threatened to say those things just now”
Bucky gave her a dubious look. “No I didn’t”
Her grimace got worse, her face looking pained. “You did, though. Like you’re being held hostage or something. I can totally see Clint not believing you”
“Alright, then I’ll just tell him again like I mean it”
“I don’t think that’s gonna fly at this point. Sorta dug a hole there”
Bucky groaned, pulling his plate back in front of him. “Well great, that’s just great. How am I supposed to convince him if he won’t even believe me?”
“I could talk to him for you?”
He gave Sharon a hard look. “No”
“With you? As support”
“Maybe” he allowed, taking an angry bite of his almost finished sandwich. Clint was a tough sell when it came to the people he considered friends. The guy was loyal to a fault, and while sometimes it had very literally saved Bucky’s skin, this wasn’t one of those times.
But how to convince him? He didn’t exactly know the magic words to make people believe him when he told the truth.
He’d have to figure it out soon though, because he didn’t want to see what kind of ‘conflict’ Clint’s actions would sew.
Ugh, this day was turning out more stressful than he imagined.
 

 
Steve sighed as he locked his art supplies away in the trunk of his car. Packing at the end of the day had at least been easy now that he could leave the tent up.
The rest of the day had fared better once Clint had left. Not by much, but better nonetheless. His caricatures had turned out more palatable from his flat portraits, and he counted himself lucky to get a whole three more customers for the day- one of which had been a kid!
It left him having done three portraits and two caricatures in all, and he felt pretty good about it given how quiet the sidewalk had been.
But now it was getting later in the day, and he was losing his natural sunlight. A few of the other booths kept running with their own lights, but Steve had didn’t know where to get his own set, and he didn’t feel like the end of the day was the time to ask. He’d text Sharon tonight and see about picking them up tomorrow.
For now though, he’d go get supper. He’d been subsisting off snacks and a packed sandwich today, not wanting to leave his items unsupervised at his tent, and now he was famished. Time to see what they had in the mess tonight.
He raised his brow as he walked up to the menu board, reading that it was grilled cheese and cauliflower sides. That was… interesting.
He couldn’t complain, though he’d see if his tune changed after a month of this.
After taking a plate from the pre-served table, he turned around to look out at the crowd. While it was getting late for a supper, there was still a good number of people sitting to eat, and he was struck again by a wave of nostalgia from high school.
The tables were subtly separated by friends and cliques, with a divide between the labourers and entertainers, each then subdivided into smaller groups.
He scanned the crowd for familiar faces, but nobody stood out in the performers’ area. He recognized a few guys from H crew though, and then Daniel off with his own G crew.
He’d shared his lunch and supper the previous day with H, so he figured some time with Daniel was only fair.
Steve started making his way there, ignoring the feel of glares on him as he passed the entertainer tables, keeping a sharp eye on the various items people were casually juggling and tossing to each other-
He stopped on a dime, halting his next step as his instincts kicked in. Looking down he spotted a foot in his path, the leg kicked out in a familiar tripping maneuver.
Seriously? How old were these people?
He cut his gaze upwards at the culprit, some random worker he didn’t recognize. Her eyes went wide when she realized she’d been caught. Behind her the others looked equally awkward, unsure where to go now that their friend’s ruse had failed.
Steve raised a brow, not saying anything as he pointedly stepped over her foot and continued on his way.
He felt particularly proud of that, given his first instinct had been to call her out challengingly. It was a far cry from the days he used to scrap over something like that.
He successfully made it to Daniel’s table unscathed, his plate and drink still in their receptacles.
“Hey man” Daniel greeted, scooting over to make space for Steve next to him. “Guys, this is the roomy I told you about, Steve”
The other men at the table all gave him their own greetings, which Steve returned with a small smile, unfamiliar with them.
After that they returned to their previous conversation about the burlesque performers. Steve listened idly as they discussed, ravenously working through his food.
“‘Course they wear underwear under that getup! Fancy costume like that? You don’t wanna get it dirty”
“No way, don’t you know they strip naked? What’s the goddamn point? Plus, they aren’t even wearing it for too long, not much chance to get dirty”
“No, but that’s part of it! It’s a fancy underwear, they strip out of it too!”
“How the hell would you know? You ever even seen an act?”
“You kiddin’ me? And see those dudes strip too? No fuckin’ thanks”
“Eh, I’d put up with some dick if it meant I got to see some free tits. And there’s only two, maybe three guys for every six girls. I seen porn with worse ratios’n that”
Steve steadfastly kept chewing, taking another bite immediately after swallowing to give an excuse to his silence. This was very much not his kind of crowd, he was realizing fast.
“Lucky bastards though. I hear they share the changing room with the girls. What I wouldn’t give” one said dreamily.
Daniel laughed at that. “Are you serious? You know all those guys are fruit loops, right? I mean, you’d have to be a little bent to do that stuff. People pay to see the freaks, know what I’m sayin’?”
There was a round of laughter from the other men at that, but Steve only went even quieter.
First of all, ow.
Steve had considered Daniel a friend, and that?
That hurt.
“I’m gay” Steve said out loud, before taking a casual bite of his sandwich.
You could hear a pin drop with the ensuing silence, all eyes turning to him. Steve swallowed, washing down his barely chewed morsel.
“So, you know. Wouldn’t wanna give you fella’s a free show or nothin’” he said, grabbing his things and getting up.
Daniel was giving him a shocked look, at a loss for words. Steve barely spared him a glance as he walked away, leaving them to deal with that amongst themselves.
He’d really liked Daniel, but he didn’t have time for people like that. He’d had plenty enough experience with them for one lifetime, and he was done having any more.
It took him a second to put on a happy smile after that, but he managed as he made his way to H crew’s table.
“Ey, Picasso!” the various members greeted, waving him over as he approached.
“How’d the art exhibit go?” one of the guys asked as he sat, nudging Steve playfully with an elbow.
“I got a whole five customers” he answered, smiling sheepishly at the attention.
“Hey, that’s five more than me!” the guy sitting at his other side grinned, smacking him on the back encouragingly.
“Get any art appreciators? Any ‘cone-estoirs’?”
“It’s connoisseur!”
“I’m pretty sure it’s cone-escars”
“That’s not even the same- ah, get oughtta here ya jerk! Quit doin’ that on purpose”
There was a round of laughter as the guys ribbed each other, and Steve felt a weight lifting in his chest as he laughed along. So maybe he’d joined this crew not-so-accident, but he was hard pressed to call it a mistake right now.
“Hey, uh” Steve started to say, feeling a little self-conscious as the conversation quieted down to let him speak. He’d been meaning to ask anyway, and figured now would be the time while they were on the topic.
“Speaking of, I’ve been needin’ to put some examples of my work up for people to see, but, uh, nobody’s really been wantin’ to pose. I was wondering if any of you might be okay with me-”
“Say no more!” Thor jumped in. “I will gladly volunteer my exquisite profile for your art, if you do not think it will outshine your other works that is” he laughed, flexing one of his arms so the muscles showed though his shirt. There were wolf-whistles from the other guys as he struck another pose.
“Hey, get me too if you’re gonna do prince charming- wanna even out that balance with some Brazilian beauty over here!”
“Get in line bozo, ain’t nobody outshining this glorious beard!”
Steve grinned as they started playfully arguing over their better features, not a single one declining to be drawn. Steve felt his cheeks heat at the attention as questions got thrown his way about what he needed from them, and what kind of drawing he’d do.
Eventually the hubbub died down as the topic changed, the discussion moving on the a local brewery the guys were thinking of hitting up this evening, and Steve gladly let himself fade into the background of their focus.
Glancing back at the other table, where Daniel and his friends were in their own conversation, and then further beyond where the performers were eating with their own, he had to wonder if it would be so easy to make more friends from here.
He didn’t regret what happened with the other crew just now, but he’d still burned that bridge. How many more bridges did he have left, he wondered?
And how many would he be able to salvage?
  
    Chapter Text
    It was Thursday. Big day.
Not really, but it felt like a big day the same way standing behind the curtains waiting for your cue to go on stage was a big moment. Not so much for Bucky, but he felt it second-hand from everyone around him
Today was the finishing touches on the carnival, the time were everyone triple-checked their setups and crammed as much practice as they could bear for the show tomorrow.
Bucky didn’t need much setup nor practice, and he really only had to scope out the little square of space where his tent was going to be moved tonight after the sideshow closed.
This weekend he’d be between the snake whisperer and the cotton candy machine, which was…
Better than being beside a cart that sold anything greasy he supposed- the tablecloth was a nightmare to get cleaned- but cotton candy meant kids. Even with his sign, it wasn’t always enough to keep them away…
But there was also the snake whisperer, and that tended to put parents off. He’d see how this those opposites balanced out with him in the middle.
Come to think of it, Maria might have put his tent between the two as a buffer. She was always moving around the setup in small ways to keep everyone on their toes, seeing what worked and what didn’t. Bucky’s palatable tent was targeted more often than others for these weekly changes.
Lucky him.
But hey, it also meant he could pull more favours with her, so whatever. At least she made sure not to put him next to ‘Starlord’, or one of Tony’s machines, or-
No, if he started going down the list of acts he never wanted to work next to, he’d be here all day.
Satisfied with his weekend placement, he made his way back to the trailers to get ready for his last day on the sideshow.
It was still a little early in the morning thanks to the need for him to be up to look over his tent placement, but thankfully it wasn’t as bad as yesterday’s redecorating, and he was feeling marginally less groggy.
Which meant he was in a slightly better mood when Clint came barrelling around a corner, running straight into him.
“Oof” Bucky grunted as they bumped into each other, Clint pivoting to the side to dampen the impact like the professional tumbler he was.
“Whoa, sorry Buck. My bad” he said, grabbing hold of Bucky’s arm to steady him.
“I’m fine, no worries” Bucky said, shaking off the surprise. “Are you okay? What’s the rush…” he started to ask but trailed off, taking in the messy pile of clothes tucked under Clint’s arm- in addition to a single blue towel.
Clint didn’t own any blue towels.
He gave Clint a suspicious look. “Whose clothes are those?”
“Nobody’s” Clint answered too quickly. “I mean, just, you know. Scott’s”
“Uh-huh” Bucky said, snagging one of the garments and pulling it out of the bundle, revealing a very big t-shirt.
“Funny, I didn’t know Scott wore a size large”
“It’s his pyjamas. For sleeping”
“And the towel?”
“Also for sleeping. He gets sweaty”
“Uh-huh. And you have them because-?”
“… because he needs them washed?”
Bucky sighed. “Did you steal Dugan’s clothes from the shower again?”
“Noooo…” Clint said slowly.
“Oh my god” Bucky muttered, rubbing a hand over his eyes. It was too early for their convoluted prank war. And on a Thursday no less! Tensions were already running high with the weekend coming so close, nobody needed a naked Dugan running through the camp chasing after his clothes. Again.
Bucky used Clint’s faltering state to snatch the rest of the clothes away, tucking them under his arm. Then he pushed past, making his way to the showers so he could return the clothes before this became a spectacle of nudist proportions.
“No wait, Bucky!” Clint scrabbled after him, his halted brain finally catching up.
“Nope. I’m doing you a favour right now and stopping this before Fury has to have another talk with you two”
“I, it’s not, those aren’t, uh” Clint stammered behind him.
“And you better hope all Dugan is doing right now is holding up the line, because if I so much as get a glimpse of his ‘dumbbells’ again, I swear to god”
Luckily, it looked like holding up the line really was all Dugan was doing as Bucky approached the shower trailer.
It was hardly a long line either, just five annoyed people impatiently waiting their turn. Two of them were arguing with someone inside the trailer, the door opened barely a crack as presumably Dugan was saving everybody an eyeful of himself.
“Outta the way, I got his things” Bucky called, cutting through the line to the door. “I caught him before he could toss the load” he said as he handed the bundle up to the slightly ajar door.
A hand shot out and reached for the towel in the pile, quickly retreating back inside so Dugan could cover himself.
“And for the love of all that’s holy: if you’re gonna retaliate, please do something that involves Clint being fully dressed for it” Bucky added, still holding the bundle of clothes.
“I, uh, sure?” a voice that wasn’t Dugan’s said from inside the trailer, the door opening to reveal Steve.
Steve in a blue towel. Only a blue towel.
Bucky blinked, his mind grinding to a halt.
Why-what-how-?
The morning sun shined a slanted beam into the doorway, illuminating the droplets that were in Steve’s still wet hair, making them glimmer like liquid gold. He hadn’t had a chance to dry yet, and stray drops still fell from Steve’s head to run down his sculpted chest, where they caught on the pale hairs dusting his skin.
A few more adventurous droplets didn’t stop there, and instead took the initiative to press downward to his abs before disappearing at the towel around his waist.
“Sorry, what?” Bucky said dumbly, aware that Steve had said something but having no idea what.
“I just- thanks, for getting my stuff back. I didn’t notice anyone take it until I got out” Steve said awkwardly as he unsuccessfully tried to hide his huge frame behind the door.
“Yep” Bucky replied, still caught somewhere between pectorals and hips, eyes skimming over the hand that was holding the towel securely so it didn’t fall.
“I’m sorry, I should get dressed. I don’t wanna hold the line too long”
“Yeah” Bucky said absently, suddenly feeling thirsty as he watched another drop trail down Steve’s stomach.
“So, uh, thanks again” he said, and suddenly there was a closed door where Steve had been standing a moment ago.
Bucky blinked.
“Huh” he muttered, still a little dazed as he stepped away from the trailer. He heard snickering behind him but paid it no mind, too busy going over the interaction. He kept walking on autopilot, thoughts otherwise occupied.
He’d just had his fourth encounter with Steve, and it had been…
Oh, wow. He hadn’t even looked at Steve’s face. Not once in that whole interaction.
Yeah. Okay. That was something.
He didn’t really know what to do with that.
“So…” Clint said, and Bucky nearly jumped, forgetting that Clint had been trailing him this whole time.
Clint started this whole mess, Bucky’s mind reminded him. He latched on to that thought suddenly, connecting the dots.
He’d just seen Steve half-naked because he’d been returning Steve’s clothes- because Clint had stolen Steve’s clothes, because he was trying to harass Steve and lying about not making this whole situation into something worse.
“You!” Bucky said, stopping between two trailers and turning on Clint with a fresh wave of outrage.
“Me?” Clint said dumbly.
“I asked you! I asked you not to do something like this!”
“What? It’s just a little hazing. A friendly prank” Clint tried, but Bucky wasn’t buying that excuse. He couldn’t, not when the cards had told him otherwise. The cards were a lot of terrible things, but a liar wasn’t one of them.
“Don’t lie to me! I know you’ve been messing with him when I asked you specifically not to!”
Anger flashed across Clint’s face, his meek denial suddenly gone. “Then what am I supposed to do, huh?! Sit back and watch you walk on eggshells because you’re too goddamn scared to go anywhere he might show up? After what he did to you?!” Clint yelled, pointing in the direction of the showers.
“That’s not your business, and for the record, he didn’t do anything! He helped me!”
Clint scoffed. “Oh yeah, real helpful. That’s why you won’t talk about it, right? That’s why you run away and hide every time you see him? I’m obviously not the one lying here”
“But that’s the truth!”
“If that’s the truth, then why are you scared of him? Why won’t you let us have your back?! You know we can keep you safe! We’ve done it with those others, what makes him so different!?”
“Because he hasn’t done anything yet!”
“So he threatened you!” Clint said, a feral look in his eyes.
“No! He didn’t threaten me, he, he-” Bucky stammered, running both hands through his hair in frustration. Why couldn’t Clint just believe him?
“He what, huh? What did he do?” Clint goaded.
Bucky felt tears stinging the back of his eyes. Clint was making this so difficult. Why couldn’t he leave it alone, why did he have to make it so much worse?!
Bucky let out a shaky breath, vision blurring with unshed tears. A laugh was starting to bubble up in his throat as he realized what he could say to convince Clint.
He had to lie and lie and lie because of these stupid goddamn cards, all so people would believe he was normal. Now he had to tell the goddamn truth so that Clint would stop believing him. So Clint could believe his own truth- that Bucky was a goddamn lunatic.
“Okay, you wanna know what happened that night? You really wanna know?” Bucky asked with a mad desperation in his voice.
“Yes!” Clint said, his eyes hungry for something, anything to justify himself.
“What happened was a nice guy sat down, and we had a nice talk. A great talk even! And then I started reading his fortune, and you know what it said?!
“It said he’s gonna fuck me over! That he’ll do something that’ll lead to my death, or just general suffering, I don’t really know the fucking specifics. The cards said he’ll come into my life and ruin it, just tear apart everything I love and cherish. And you know what happened after I learned that!?”
By now Clint’s righteous anger was starting to abate, replaced with a different kind of horror, but it was too late to stop now. Bucky was just frothing at the mouth to get this out after weeks of bottling it up.
“What happened was I started bleeding! You know, that thing I do when I go a little crazy! Don’t know how it happens, don’t know why it happens, but it goddamn does, and it left me sitting there in front of this great guy who’s suddenly dealing with a bleeding nutcase!
“And you know what this great guy does? What nobody else ever fucking does when I start ranting and raving and bleeding all over the fucking table?! He helped me! He fucking carried me so somebody could help! A real knight in shining fucking armor!”
Bucky was breathing hard, and he had to swallow against the dryness in his mouth. Clint was struck silent in front of him, all his anger leeched away from Bucky’s tirade and replaced with some kind of horrible pitying look.
“And you wanna, you wanna know the funny thing?” Bucky laughed, voice dropping back to normal- if a little hysterical- now that the energy that had carried him through his diatribe was fading.
“The funny thing is, the cards say he only makes my life a living hell if he chooses to. So I- I’ve been walking on eggshells so he doesn’t get upset or, or, god forbid angry with me. All so he doesn’t have a reason to make my life a living hell!
"And you,” Bucky said angrily, poking Clint in the chest with his finger, “keep giving him reasons to hate me, because if there’s any reason for him to be upset with me, it’s because my idiotic, prying, doesn’t-know-how-to-let-things-go friend keeps messing with him on my behalf!”
He could feel tears threatening to fall, and he had to turn around, rubbing at his eyes out of Clint’s line of sight. He let out a warbling gasp as he fought to control his boiling-over emotions. All that fear and stress was suddenly coming to the surface.
“Bucky, I…” Clint started to say gently.
“You what? Forgot I was crazy?” he laughed, turning around. “Well guess what,” Bucky held both hands out at his sides, “I still am! This is me, living with my, my paranoid delusions, and voices telling me some guy’s gonna hunt me down because some cards said so!”

  There it is.

He saw the moment Clint believed him, which was a loose definition at best. Clint believed that Bucky believed this was real.

  No, the cards aren’t magic- but I believe that YOU think they are. You and your crazy thoughts

Him and his crazy thoughts. Right. Bucky let out another laugh that was dangerously close to a sob.
“Aw, Buck, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to-”
“Forget it” Bucky sniffled, wiping at his nose with the back of his sleeve. “I’m going back to the trailer, don’t follow me”
He turned to walk away, then stopped without looking back, “And please, just stop. With the hazing or whatever you’re calling it. I can’t, I can’t deal with, I can’t-”
He couldn’t even finish his thought, his entire body feeling like it was going to implode at any second into the yawning cavern of his chest.
“Yeah Buck. I’ll back off” Clint said quietly.
Bucky bowed his head wordlessly and left, head held down as he exited the little alley between trailers and pushed past the people who’d been listening in. No telling how fast that little spat would spread around, or how muddled the rumours would get, but right now he didn’t care.
It was too much, everything was too much.
He didn’t fully track where he was going, but he still managed to get back to his trailer, slamming the door closed behind him.
He didn’t hesitate to crawl into his bed, pulling the sheets over his head as he curled into a ball. He just needed a minute alone, just until his eyes stopped leaking and his hands stopped trembling. Until the sob worming its way out of his throat was under control and he wasn’t at risk of caving in on himself.
He shifted, feeling the cards in his pocket dig into his thigh where he lay on them. After another moment of being unable to get comfortable, he finally reached down and pulled them out, sticking his hand out of the sheets and tossing the deck back into the main body of the trailer.
He heard the cards flutter in the air, but without seeing them, there was no telling if they ever reached the floor. For all he knew, they were suddenly in a neat pile by his pillow, just beyond the sheet he was hiding under.

  If a deck of cards falls and nobody is around to see it, do they land?

Holding back that sob was harder than he thought.
  
    Chapter Text
    The unfortunate shower incident aside, Thursday went pretty well. Yes, he’d started the day by being an absolute mess in front of James, but at least he had a reason for it. He just hoped he hadn’t mortified James too much with his unintended nudity- poor guy couldn’t even look Steve in the eye that whole time.
Now he still didn’t know who stole his towel and clothes, but it was safe to say probably someone from the performance side of the carnival. Whoever it was had also gotten away with his shampoo and razor too, but he wasn’t going to chase James down and ask about those, so he accepted the loss.
A part of him wondered if someone off G crew was responsible though, given the reveal he’d pulled yesterday. Daniel had been an uncomfortable mess of ‘didn’t mean anything by it’ and ‘just don’t hit on me and we’re cool’ afterwards when they met back up in their shared trailer, which Steve wasn’t in the habit of entertaining.
It left him alone in the trailer despite three other men occupying it for the night.
He’d managed to fill the evening with working on his still active commissions through his tablet, plus face-timing Sam, Riley, Michelle, and little Mona, but those two activities would only last him for so long. He hadn’t even spent a full week here, what was he going to be doing in the evenings a month from now? Three months from now?
Maybe he would take up H crew on their offer for drinks, if nothing else than for the company while he sipped on a coke or something. Or see if he could get Sharon’s company on occasion, if it didn’t ruin her reputation.
But that was a future problem, and he hadn’t tried to think too hard about it as he started his second day of work.
Like he’d said, things were looking up. This time there was no Clint at his back shooting arrows, only him and the ring-toss booth next door, and it was far better by the lack of hostility alone.
He also got more customers too, and it probably helped that his example board was teeming with more pieces.
It could use some more diversity beyond big, buff day labourers though- and now that he thought of it like that, he was realizing his art might come across as kinda specific- but it was a good start to his samples of works.
He’d ended his day with fourteen- fourteen!- total portraits and a single caricatures, smiling happily as he turned over his earnings. And Maria didn’t even scowl at him as he did!
So maybe a good work ethic did get him some brownie points from management.
And now it was Friday, the real start of the carnival, and he was buzzing with both excitement and nerves. He’d successfully disassembled the tent on his own, but he struggled to get it all to fit back in the duffle, and now he was up early to reassemble it in his new spot for the weekend.
Maria had given him instructions of how and where to setup, and thankfully some very clear directions on how to get there. It helped when the landmarks given were things like ‘left at the metal dragon’ and ‘keep going until you hit the bed of nails’.
She’d put him near the freak show too, which was where Sharon was going to be pulling some shifts. The relief of knowing there was going to be even a single familiar face on his first real day soothed the worst of his fears.
As he set the bag down and unzipped it however, he was starting to rethink that thought.
All of Sharon’s teaching flew out of his head as he looked down at the disorganized pile of tent material. The only thing he’d retained was what it was supposed to look like when it was complete, and how the hell was that supposed to help him?
As he crouched and pulled two rods out of the pile, his first day’s struggles coming back to him in painful familiarity, he heard someone clear their throat behind him.
He turned around to see who it was, a tiny sliver of hope that it was Sharon come to rescue him again, only to have that feeling extinguished at the sight of Clint.
“Oh, hi” Steve said guardedly, putting the rods down and standing. “Was there something you needed?”
Clint wasn’t looking at Steve, his eyes roaming at the empty freak show instead. He was wearing a t-shirt and sweatpants rather than a costume, which didn’t sit right with Steve. What was he doing here so early without his work clothes? Certainly nothing actually job-related, Steve thought wearily.
Clint’s hands were tucked in his pockets as he shifted back and forth to balance on the balls of his heels. He shrugged at Steve’s question, looking down at the duffle. “Dunno. Heard you have trouble with tents. Thought I’d lend a hand”
Steve looked Clint up and down apprehensively. What was he playing at now?
“Look,” Steve said, “I can screw this up without you, so you can save yourself the trouble. You’re welcome to stay and watch though, I’m sure you’ll get a good laugh”
Clint frowned, rubbing at the back of his neck. He still wouldn’t look Steve in the eye.
“It’s not like that”
“Oh yeah? Then what’s it like?”
“It’s like, I’m. I just…”
Clint let out a breath through his lips, tilting his head back to look up at the sky in dismay. “Look, can you just let me put up the tent so I can talk to you?”
The logical part of Steve said to decline. Clint had been nothing but a bully so far, and he’d done everything in his power to sabotage Steve’s work.
And yet.
Another part of Steve wanted to see where this was going. Something about Clint seemed… different today. It made Steve want to give him another chance-
He’s not smiling, Steve realized suddenly.
That’s what was different. Clint was being genuine right now, with none of that fake, honey-sweet smile hiding a cold interior. There was just a tired, disquiet man standing in front of Steve, hoping to have an actual conversation for once.
“Alright” Steve said hesitantly, still on guard in case this was another trick. It wasn’t like Clint could ruin the tent any worse than he would’ve though, so Steve took a few steps back, motioning to the duffle. “It’s all yours”
“Cool” Clint nodded, bowing his head as he went and knelt at the duffle, unpacking the pieces one-by-one.
“So, you probably guessed that Buck’s got some… mental health issues” Clint started to say, not looking up from his work.
Steve nodded. “Sure, but I figured it’s none of my business”
“And you’d be right” Clint agreed. “But also, and not to put too much out there, it sorta relates to what I’m gonna tell you right now. So, you know, I’m hoping you’ll be discrete about it. Like, this doesn’t leave the two of us, alright?”
Clint actually looked at Steve then, his expression serious.
“Yeah, I won’t tell a soul”
“Alright”
There was another moment of silence as Clint looked away again, going back to his work.
“So Bucky does a real good job with his whole tarot act, right? That’s mostly because he believes in that stuff. Like he actually believes it’s real, that those cards know the truth of the universe or something”
Steve personally didn’t subscribe to the belief, but he knew there were people who put a lot of faith into the occult. He didn’t judge, and it wasn’t too hard of a leap to learn that James practised what he preached.
“But he, ah, also believes a little too much, is the thing” Clint went on. “Like, if a reading goes really bad, he, uh. You know. Hurts himself. You saw first hand, I’m sure”

  One moment they were talking, and then suddenly James was making the most pained noise Steve had ever heard. He’d started reading Steve’s fortune like it was being tortured out of him, drawing one card after another in some sort of desperation.

Steve shivered at the memory. “Yeah. I saw”
“Yeah, and, uh. The thing is, he’s also got some, uh, stalkers, I guess is the word. Die-hard believers that hunt him down to get a reading, ‘cause they think his fortune telling is the most accurate in the world or something.
“And these people, they find him, and sometimes they set him off real bad. Some guys grab him if they don’t like what he has to say. A few beat on him if they get upset enough. We’ve almost had to take him to the hospital a few times ‘cause of that”
“Jesus” Steve swore. He felt a pulse of anger, struggling to imagine why anybody would get that upset over a fortune, and how they could even think of hurting James because of it.
“Yeah” Clint agreed with a sigh, like he knew where Steve was coming from. And of course he did, he was James’ friend, wasn’t he? He must have been there in the aftermath of most if not all of these encounters.
“And, you know. Some guy we’ve never seen before comes in for a reading, and suddenly Buck’s… well, you were there. And then that guy joins our carnival, and now Bucky’s all jumpy around him. Doesn’t look too great”
“Yeah, I’d imagine it wouldn’t” Steve said. Clint really painted a picture of the first impression Steve had given off.
“Anyway, so yesterday I talked with Bucky, and he, uh, made some things more clear to me about what happened that night. What really happened. And uh, turns out I may have had, you know, the wrong idea about you. And I was sorta being an ass to try and get you to quit”
“You don’t say?”
Clint sighed, pulling the tarp covering over the top of the frame.
“Yeah, I wasn’t being too subtle, huh?”
“Was kinda hard to ignore when you shot an arrow at me”
“Near you” Clint corrected firmly. “I never shoot at people. That’s a felony”
Steve snorted. “Sure felt like it was at me”
“Agree to disagree. But also it was never going to hit you”
“Sure thing”
“Okay, how about you don’t sass the guy putting up the tent you can’t do yourself?” Clint muttered, cinching the corners as he set the tent on its legs.
“You mean the guy who’s been trying to get me fired for no good reason?”
“Okay, you can have that one” he admitted, moving to put the pegs in.
“At this point I think I can have a few”
“Jesus, you really are Sharon’s cousin”
“What gave it away?” Steve asked wryly.
“You’re making it really hard to apologize right now, you know that?”
Steve held back the next quip on his tongue, grinning instead. He’d seen where this was going after Clint said James had explained things to him, trusting that James would tell the truth of what happened.
“Alright, alright, go on ahead then”
“Thank you” Clint said mock graciously, finishing the last of the pegs. When he was done, he observed his work for a moment, gripping one of the legs to give the tent a shake and make sure it was secured.
With the tent complete, Clint finally made proper eye contact as he approached Steve again, standing in front of him.
“I’m sorry for trying to get you fired. I misread the situation, and that’s on me. Can we start over?”
He held out his hand, and Steve didn’t hesitate to take it, shaking Clint’s hand as he smiled wide. “Sure thing”
“Great. I’m Clint Barton by the way. I do a little bit of everything, but mostly archery and acrobatics”
“Steve Rogers” Steve introduced as they dropped their hands. “I do art, mostly portraits and caricatures, though I’m hoping to work on face painting soon, too”
“You ever face paint before? ‘Cause I got a friend, Nat, who’s killer with makeup. I can hook you up with some lessons. You know, after I get her to stop being mad at you”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “How can she be mad at me if we’ve never met?”
“I mean, everyone’s a little mad at you ‘cause of the whole, you know, first impression. And I didn’t really help with that” he said guiltily. “But also she’s in charge of J crew, so you kinda pissed her off when you didn’t show up on setup day”
Steve frowned. “Yeah, I heard I caused a lot of inconveniences with that”
“Well, technically I did,” Clint admitted, “and I’m totally gonna own up to it. And also the other things”
“Other things?”
“Yeah, like Sharon’s picture. I can reimburse for damages?” Clint asked unsurely.
“How about you pose for one of my sample works instead?” Steve offered in stead. He didn’t really need the cash, and an art piece would be of more value to him.
“Oh, sure, no problem” Clint said easily, a stark contrast from his hard decline from the other day.
“I’ll also fix the, uh, thing with the chairs” Clint added. “And the lights. Also I’m the one who started that rumour of you and the dog, so, sorry about that. Oh, and the shower thing, sorry about that too”
Steve furrowed his brow. “What? What rumour? And what about the chairs and lights?”
Clint blinked. “Oh, you didn’t-? You know what? Don’t worry about it” Clint said hastily, clearing his throat. “Just, maybe don’t go near any of the show dogs for a week or so while I, uh, undo some of the things I did. Also give me twenty minutes to talk to Leo so he gives you the normal lights and chairs”
“O-kay” Steve said slowly, not especially happy to hear there were machination going on behind his back. “While you’re at it, could you give me back my other shower stuff? I’d like my shampoo and razor back” he added.
Clint only gave him a confused look. “I didn’t take- ah. Okay, well, that wasn’t me,” he said with a pained expression, “but I’ll see what I can do. I sorta got a lotta people on your case”
Steve sighed. Go figure it wasn’t just Clint behind everything.
“It’s fine, I’ll just pick up a new one in town” he said, trying not to sound disappointed. It wasn’t really a big deal anyway. It was more the rub of the fact that someone stole his shampoo and razor, and other minor toiletries while they were at it. Might as well steal his socks too.
“Yeah, they’ve probably been trashed if not squirrelled away in someone else’s things” Clint said sympathetically. “But also if your shampoo suddenly and mysteriously gets returned to you, check that’s it’s not hair dye before you use it. You’re a prime target for that prank” he added, looking up at Steve’s pale hair.
Steve rand his hand over the back of his neck at the thought, feeling the short strands there. The idea of walking around with anything but his natural blond sat odd with him- he’d never so much a dyed a strip, let alone the whole thing.
“Well, I appreciate what you’re doing now. Can’t say this first week’s been easy” Steve said, thinking of all the trouble he had that wasn’t even Clint’s fault. It was a lot to get used to.
“I figure, I’m pretty good at what I do” Clint said self-deprecatingly. “But tell you what, you can come to me if you need help with anything. Anything” he emphasized. “Because I really owe you”
Steve waved him off. “Nah, don’t worry about it. I get why you did what you did. Just undo your, uh, rumours I guess and we’ll call it square”
“Oh, not that” Clint shook his head, “That’s a given. A man’s gotta fix his mistakes. What I’m talking about is what you did for Bucky”
Steve looked at him questioningly. “What I did? You mean trigger him?”
“I mean help him. Most people would’a left him there, but you got him help. You know people call you Rescue Guy? I mean, they meant it sarcastically, but I guess it’s more literal now. Or it will be. I’m good at promotion, I can get your rep back to neutral at worst, guaranteed”
“I, uh, yeah. Thanks” Steve stammered at the unexpected praise- and publicity? It was a lot to take it.
“Don’t mention it” Clint smiled; and what did you know, it looked real for once.
Steve couldn’t help but return it. “Yeah, but still. Takes a lot to fess up to a mistake”
“Could say it takes a lot to forgive one too. Especially ‘cause I’m really good at being an ass”
“You were pretty good at it, yeah” Steve laughed.
“Like I said; I’m a man of many talents” Clint grinned, then lightly thumped Steve on the shoulder. “Now come on, let me help you set up your booth so you can draw me. It’s a busy day and I’m losing a lot of time as it is”
Clint started to make his way towards the supply trailers, and Steve followed along behind, listening as Clint started giving him tips for his first weekend of work.
As he nodded along, he couldn’t help but feel lighter. All his worries and fears felt smaller now, just knowing people weren’t actively against him anymore- or, they wouldn’t be at some point. Clint made it sound like that was yet to be a work in progress.
Still. Things were looking up.
Now he just had to survive his first weekend.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve’s first Friday was… a lot. But in a good way.It was like sitting back in college doing warm-up sketches of a model, except outside and with hundreds of people filtering past, some stopping to ogle his work over his shoulder before moving on. It felt a little overwhelming, and it wasn’t even halfway through the day yet. So far he’d had eleven customers.He was often surprised that what he’d call a practice drawing had people floored, and even his caricatures seemed to impress, the few he’d done.“I mean yeah, have you seen your work?” Sharon said when he told her during a lull.“It’s my usual stuff though. I’m not sayin’ it’s bad, I’m just surprised so many people want what’s essentially a sketch. I used to do these before an actual portrait” he said, motioning at his board of examples.“Ooh, Mister Fancy Artist over here, wants to paint his fancy portraits for the aristocrats” Sharon mocked jokingly.“Ah, shaddup” he waved her off with a laugh.“But actually, most people can’t draw that kind of stuff- it really is a novelty to them. That’s kinda our whole business model if you hadn’t noticed” she said, motioning to the rest of the freak show- herself included.There was the half-man, who was just a guy sitting in a chair, but with the clever use of mirrors it looked like his body ended at the torso and he was hovering midair.The human pincushion had what looked like fifty different piercings in his face alone, delighting and disgusting people in turn as he showed them off, sticking out his tongue that looked to have more metal than flesh.There was also the beast man; a misleading name for a bespoke gentleman showing off a collection of preserved oddities consisting of animal skulls and specimens in jars. He performed a macabre educational act, telling people of the strange natural mutations in his pieces like the two-headed snake or the seven-footed frog.More exciting was the wasp woman, whose name Steve learned was Hope. She operated a mobile beehive, and would sit with a beard of bees for a few hours at a time within a netted tent.And then there was Sharon. Steve had the pleasure of watching her curse and wiggle into a mermaid tail this morning, struggling like they were the world’s smallest pair of skinny jeans. He’d even managed to help her a little- after he stopped laughing of course- by lifting her off the ground and setting her in the tank, which she’d had moved next to his tent once she realized they’d be carnival neighbours.It was interesting working next to the varied crew of ‘freaks’, especially knowing the lineup would change throughout the day, and even throughout the weekend.Their work mostly consisted of being ogled at and having their picture taken, and sometimes talking with kids. Sharon especially got that latter one, with a lot of kids asking to pet her tail.And speaking of, here came one now. Sharon turned away from Steve at the approach of a family, and with no customers of his own, he sat back to watch as unobstructively as he could.The family meandered through the acts, the parents steering the kids away from the human pincushion and the beast man’s dead menagerie, but stopping to enjoy the half-man and the sight of a bee swarm on someone else’s face.When they reached Sharon’s tank, the little girl shyly approached at the encouragement of her mother.“Are you a princess?” she asked in a quiet voice.Sharon leaned down conspiratorially. “I am” she stage-whispered, “but shhh, it’s a secret. Everyone here thinks I’m just a normal mermaid”The little girl nodded with wide eyes, putting her finger to her lips.Steve smiled as he watched, hand itching to draw the scene. Instead he worked on the replacement piece for Sharon, surreptitiously stealing glances at her to finish the last of the details without coming across as staring.When the family moved on- pausing only briefly to look at Steve work- he pulled the finished piece off the easel.“What do you think?” he asked, holding it up for Sharon to see.“Oh, I love it!” she said, grinning as she looked it over. “You’re making it hard for me to let you use these pictures, I just wanna hang them all up for myself- wow, and now I sound vain”“You’re a mermaid, right? You’re supposed to be vain”Sharon dipped her hand into the water of her tank and flicked the droplets at him in rebuttal.“Hey hey! Watch the merchandise!” Steve said, hastily pulling the drawing away before she got it wet.“Why? You’ll just pump another out like a human printer. Ooh, that should be your stage-name: Steve, The Human Printer!” Sharon laughed, but Steve only rolled his eyes. Though she stopped trying to flick water at him, so there was that.“Seriously, how hard is that for you?” she asked, pointing her chin at his work.He shrugged, looking down at the piece in his hand. “I dunno… not very? It’s about as hard as cooking an omelette, I mostly just gotta pay attention to what I’m doin’”“Wow, be a little humble, huh?”“I- well. An artisan omelette” he stammered.“No no, own it. Show off those crazy skills” she encouraged. “We’re all about talent around here”“Yeah, but I really don’t mean to brag” Steve said sheepishly, moving to pin the image up on the board.“Oh, don’t worry about it. Just think about your inability to put up a very simple tent if it ever gets to your head”Steve felt his cheeks heat a little. “It’s- there’s no instructions!”“It’s a square with four legs! How much instructions do you need?”“That’s a gross oversimplification and you know it”“A square and four legs” Sharon sing-songed, raising and lowering her tail to make little waves in the tank.“You’re the worst” he said without heat, grabbing another blank sheet to put on his easel.“So how’d you lose the first one anyway? You still won’t tell me” she said, switching topic as she looked over his current board.“Just lost it” he deflected, avoiding looking at the spot her old image used to be. Thor currently occupied its place, hiding the little hole underneath with his beaming grin.“Nuh-uh, I don’t believe you ‘just lost’ my gorgeous face” she said, making little air quote with her fingers.“Well I did,” he shrugged helplessly, “I don’t know what else to tell you”“Just tell me how you lost it”“No”“Come on”“No!”“Tell me! Tell me tell me tell me!”“What are you, five? No”“Teeelll meeee” she whined, flopping in her tank, her arms dangling over the edge petulantly.“Hey!” Clint called as he approached, and Steve quietly sighed in relief at being saved from having to dodge the topic of her portrait.“Oh hey, what’s up?” Sharon asked, dropping the act and turning to greet Clint. He was also in his performing gear, decked out in contrasting purples with his quiver strapped to his back and his bow in hand.“Thought I’d see how things were going, ‘specially on your first day” he said, directing the last bit at Steve.“Pretty good actually” Steve said. “Way busier than the weekday, but good. Got a lot of portraits done, not much caricatures though”“Yeah, I can see why” Clint said, pointing at Steve’s board with the tip of his bow. “Any schmuck can do a caricature, but those portraits look like the stuff you’d pay a good buck for. Should talk to Fury or Maria about switching it up, charge a little extra for the portraits, little less for the caricatures”Steve frowned, looking at his work. It was true he could probably adjust the pricing a little, but he also didn’t want to rock the boat so soon. “I dunno, it’s still my first week…”“Fair. Think about it though. Maybe mention it when they do their monthly review of your act”Steve nodded, “Yeah, I’ll think about it”“And if you wouldn’t mind, uh, keeping what happened between us… you know” Clint added in a mumble, grimacing awkwardly.“What happened between you?” Sharon asked, her brow furrowing.“It’s nothing” Steve said.“I shot an arrow at his board and ruined your picture” Clint said at the same time.“You what?!” Sharon said in shock.“It’s not a big deal” Steve tried to quickly cover.“It’s not a-? He shot an arrow through your board!”“I’m sure he didn’t-”“This man has never missed a shot in his life, he didn’t anything. He- you-” she huffed out irately, then turned on Clint, her tail waving in agitation. “Oh! You’re so lucky I don’t have legs right now!” she growled, kicking up enough waves to send water sloshing over the edge in his direction. Clint took a step back nonetheless.“And you!” she pointed at Steve. “You’re covering for him?! And you didn’t tell me?!”“He didn’t mean it! And we worked it out anyway, I didn’t wanna bother you!” Steve tried to excuse.“Both of you! Both of you are so lucky right now!” she said angrily, sloshing more water off the side with her tail.“Okay, looks like you guys are doing great, and my break’s over, so I’m just gonna…” Clint trailed off, walking backwards a few steps before hightailing it away.Sharon shook her fist after him. “Don’t think I won’t find you later!” Sharon yelled after him, but he was already gone, disappearing in the crowd. A few eyes turned their way, but between the mix of the already yelling voices peddling their acts and the distant screams of excited children, the focus was quickly lost.“And don’t think you can just run away” Sharon said pointedly, looking to Steve with disapproval.He ducked his head, rubbing the back of his neck. “Sorry” he said. “I meant what I said though- didn’t wanna bother you. Or put you against your friends”Across from him Sharon sighed, her mouth twisting unhappily.“You know I’d be there for you, right?”“Sure”“I’m serious” she said, giving him a hard look. “I know I didn’t really stand up for you, but I’m an adult now, and I have connection that can help”Steve furrowed his brow. An adult now…? What was she- oh.“Are you talking about uncle Rick?” Steve asked, dumbfounded.“Well yeah” she said like it was obvious. “I didn’t exactly get between you two”“You were ten”“And you were fifteen”“Sixteen, and you were ten” Steve emphasized again. “Seriously, I’ve never even thought that you were responsible for any of that”“But what he did-”“Wasn’t your fault, and didn’t have anything to do with you” Steve cut in. He wasn’t hearing this. “He made his choices, and I made mine. It wasn’t your job to be involved in any of that”“Yeah, but-”“But nothing. I made it work and got where I am just fine. My life was better without him in it, and he can rot for all I care” he said. “No offense” he tacked on quickly. They were talking about her dad after all, rat bastard as he’d been.“Oh, don’t worry, I cut contact with him years ago” she said easily, not sounding an ounce ashamed.Now that had him surprised. “Really?”“Yeah, he was… well, you know how he was. And then aunt Peggy died, and I didn’t really have a reason to stick around town anymore-”“Aunt Peggy died?”Sharon’s eyes went wide as both hands shot over her mouth. “Oh, fu-uudge” she switched her swear quickly as a pair of kids scampered up to her tank. Instantly a smile was plastered on her face as she greeted them, her eyes continually shifting back to Steve even as she put on her mermaid act.Steve turned away, mind reeling. Aunt Peggy had died?He never meant to cut contact, not really, but he’d been a teenager living alone in a car- phone calls were a luxury, and emails were a chore. And then years went by and he didn’t ever think to reach out- not with all the ache that had been tied up with the Carter family. Hell, he’d been purposefully not thinking about it this this whole time, even with Sharon back in his life all of a sudden.God, he’d been sixteen the last time he’d spoken to her.“Oh my god, Steve, I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to tell you like that” Sharon said as soon as the kids were out of earshot, her tone mortified.“It’s, it’s fine” Steve said numbly, still coming to terms with the news. He swallowed. “How did she-?”“It was the cancer, you know? She went into remission for a while, but then… It was in her brain, and there wasn’t much they could do”“Yeah” Steve nodded.“God, Steve, I’m so sorry” Sharon said with sad eyes.“No, no, I get it. I’m the one who ran away, and I didn’t exactly leave you guys with a way to contact me”“Yeah…” Sharon reluctantly agreed. “But still, I was gonna tell you at a better- oh my god, no, don’t cry!” she said suddenly, dismayed.Steve wiped at his eyes, smiling weakly. “It’s fine, really” he said, and sniffled once. It was only a few tears, he’d be fine in a minute.“Shit, no, go take a break”“I just started-”“I’ll cover you!” she insisted, “Er, or watch your stuff. Whatever, just go!”“Just a few minutes” he relented, wiping at his still watering eyes. It shouldn’t have been a big deal, it wasn’t like he’d had much contact with her since he’d been a teen.“Take all the time you need, I can- we can talk about it after your shift”“Yeah” Steve nodded, packing up his art supplies and tucking it out of sight. He’d just take a few minutes to get himself under control.As he got up, Sharon held out a hand out to him and he took it, feeling her squeeze his hand in sympathy.“Only the sad clowns are supposed to cry at the carnival, and they won’t like you taking up their turf,” she said, trying for levity.He laughed weakly. “I’ll try not to steal their act”“Good, now get” she said, letting go of his hand and shooing him off. “‘Cause you’re gonna make me cry, and this waterproof makeup has limits” she said, a slight warble in her own voice.“Alright, but I won’t be long” he said, giving her one last parting look before heading towards the edge of the grounds where there were less people.On his way he spotted the fortune teller tent, and a sudden whim to visit it came upon him. Steve ignored it of course, but part of him wanted a distraction. Kind eyes and fast hands shuffling cards while cracking jokes.No, James didn’t seem all that interested in being near him anymore.Instead Steve pushed on, looking for a quiet spot to take a few minutes of solitude and mourn Aunt Peggy.  “Ask your question and touch the top of the deck, but don’t draw the card” Bucky warned, eyeing the four young men in front of him. One was seated while his three friends stood behind him, snickering as they egged him on. Bucky would guess they were hardly out of high school, and a thrum of anxious fear bubbled under his skin.If it was up to him, he’d tell them to leave, but he could never say no. So here he was.“Alright, alright” the boy sitting in front of him laughed, shaking off one of his friend’s that kept poking him.“Uh, okay. Who… does Dylan have a crush on!” he said all at once, quickly touching the cards.“Haha, nice!”“Dude, no!”“Lol, I bet this is gonna be good”The three other boys laughed or bemoaned in turn, Bucky guessing Dylan being the unhappy one of the bunch.“What, it’s not like he’s gonna give a name” the boy in the seat said, turning to laugh with his friends. Dylan only covered his eyes, grumbling unhappily.Fuck, these were practically kids.Bucky swallowed, feeling a modicum of relief when the tarot only tugged at him to get on with the reading.He started pulling cards in succession, revealing The Star; the Wheel of Fortune, reversed; and the Knight of Wands, reversed.“Your friend is optimistic in his outlook. The object of his affection was presented beyond his control, and he feels the need to compensate for that loss with volatile actions”Next was the Lovers, and the Ten of Cups.“His attraction is to someone who balances him in skill, someone he has built a harmony with in private”Bucky could hear the three boys snickering and whispering among themselves, not taking the reading seriously. Bucky didn’t care one way or another, and was just glad the reading was moving along uneventfully.He pulled the last card, looking forward to finishing.The King of Pentacles.“The object of his affection has high ambitions, and is one with a strong intellect and aptitude for study”The last card showed a woman in spectacles, a crown atop her head and seated on a throne of vines, a scroll in one hand and a feather in the other.Bucky held back a snort. Okay, that was cute.“Yoooo” one of the guys said excitedly. “You got a crush on your tutor!”“Shut up” the one who was presumably Dylan said, cheeks turning red.“You do! Dude, she’s a total nerd”“She helped me with my college essay!”Dylan started walking off, his four friends following after and jeering at him about the newly discovered crush. Bucky felt a little bad about revealing that, but it wasn’t like he could control it.He was just glad they’d finally left, collecting the cards to put back in the deck.“Good crowd today” a voice said, and Bucky looked up from his shuffling to see Clint at his tent.“Yeah, not a bad turnout” Bucky agreed. There’d been a mild worry that the out-of-the-way location would mean less people, but Maria and Fury had pulled through again and gotten a good crowd with whatever marketing magic they did.“So, look. I talked with Steve” Clint said, and Bucky groaned.“Can you just drop it” he said sullenly.“Not like that” Clint said quickly. “I mean in a good way. I apologized and stuff. And I told him you weren’t part of it or anything, so if you were worried about that…”Bucky sighed. He knew Clint meant well, but why did he have to get so involved?“That’s great” Bucky tried to say optimistically, though deep down he felt the damage had already been done. What must Steve think of him, knowing Clint had been bullying him because of Bucky?“Really, it’s all water under the bridge. We’re completely cool now. He even made me a portrait, I’ll show you later”“That’s cool”Clint frowned. “Okay, see, I hear you saying these good things, but you’re not sounding too good about them”Bucky shrugged, looking down as he shuffled. “I dunno, it just doesn’t change much. I appreciate that you did all that, don’t get me wrong” he added. “But I just don’t know if that’ll fix everything”“You mean with your card stuff?”“Yeah, it’s- look, I know you don’t believe in this kinda thing” Bucky said, and Clint didn’t disagree with him, “but I appreciate you trying. And for making it right. He really is a good guy, I’m the one being weird”Clint gave his own shrug. “Eh, weird is what we do around here, he’ll learn that pretty fast. I’m sure he’ll get to like you plenty- you know, if you want. He seems pretty good about stayin’ away”Bucky paused at that. “He’s what?”“Yeah, he’s keeping clear- not for anything bad!” Clint said quickly at Bucky’s worried look. “I just got to talkin’ with him, and he says he doesn’t wanna… you know, trigger you or something. He’s trying to be considerate”Bucky put the deck down, putting his face in his hands. “Goddammit” he muttered.“What?”“Why’s he so nice!?” Bucky bemoaned. Now he felt like an ass.“Well he’s Sharon’s cousin, so maybe it runs in the family”“Ugh” Bucky groaned. Why did his life have to be like this?“Look, if there’s no problem with how things are going now, we can just… keep going like this”Bucky looked up at him. “How do you mean”“You know- he does his thing, you do yours. Guy seems pretty up-and-up, I don’t think he minds giving you space. Just like, you guys can reasonably stay out of each other’s way if you want, is all I’m saying”Bucky considered Clint’s words. It was true he hadn’t run into Steve much since he joined- never on purpose at least. All their interactions so far had been accidents.“Huh” Bucky said. “I guess you’re right”“Sure. And like, you will bump into each other, you know how it goes around here, but I think you can reasonably keep a distance if you both put in some of the effort”“When’d you get so smart?” Bucky asked with mock suspicion.“Bah, get outta here” Clint threw a hand out at him.“You get outta here, you’re scaring off my customers with that dangerous weaponry” he laughed, motioning to Clint’s bow.“Dangerous? I’ll have you know my arrows are OSHA compliant!” Clint said with mock seriousness, and then pulled out an arrow with a suction cup at the tip, causing Bucky to wheeze out a laugh.Clint then stuck the end against his forehead, leaving it hanging between his eyes. “See? Perfectly safe!”“Get outta here!” Bucky laughed, pointing out of his tent, “Go, before you lose me any more customers! I got a mystical persona to uphold!”“Alright, alright. I’ll see you at lunch though?”“Which one?”“Third shift”“Yeah, I can do third shift lunch”“Great, see you then” Clint waved as he left, the suction-cup arrow still on his head. Bucky laughed and shook his head at his friend’s antics. Sometimes he forgot Clint did a good clown routine, even when he wasn’t filling in for one.As he was left alone once more, however ruffling the cards between his hands while he waited for another customer, he couldn’t help but think.Clint had apologized to Steve, and had even gotten to good terms with the guy. What did that mean for Bucky now?Was the crisis averted? Was it finalized with this act?He couldn’t know.A part of him hoped this was a good sign though. Maybe if he- pardon the pun- played his cards right, he might just get out of this alive and well.He continued to ruffled cards between his hands, the ominous red stars flying back and forth.Somehow, he didn’t think it would be that easy.
  
    Chapter Text
    The weekend was a mixed bag for Steve.
Friday had been a little rough- growing pains with his new job, and then the news about Aunt Peggy.
He and Sharon had talked more about it after work, eating a late supper together as she told him what happened, and he likewise caught her up on his life.
He told her about his teen years spent living in a car, working three job and getting his GED. Eventually getting a full degree, and his big break in graphic design.
She in turn told him about her time studying to become a nurse, wanting to care for Aunt Peggy, only for her to pass just after Sharon graduated and leaving her directionless. Rather than go into nursing as a career, Sharon happened to attend the carnival and see the medic tent. A few queries later and they’d hired her the same day, no questions asked.
The hit of Aunt Peggy started to fade after that, time giving him the distance to not be too burdened with her passing. It gave him and Sharon a chance to bond more too, so some silver linings there.
After that the rest of the weekend had been easier, and with Sharon’s help front loaded on his first day, he was able to work alone when she was off on her shift at the medical tent.
He managed to get to know a few of the freak show performers, even passing the time sketching some of them with their permission and adding them to his board.
He also got a good haul of cash, earning a sparse few tips from happy customers, and not a single complaint to boot.
Sharon had looked at him knowingly when he told her than. “Just you wait” she said. He didn’t doubt there’d be some rough customers in his future, but was glad they hadn’t reared their faces on his first shift.
So yes; overall, it had been a good weekend.
But now it was Monday, and they were packing up for tomorrow’s move. This time Maria had made it very clear that he was to report to J crew to help them pack, and Steve had nodded quickly at her serious glare, not wanting to mess up any more than he already had.
Which left him standing outside the large big top, unsure where to go from there.
“Uh, excuse me,” he called to a woman walking past, “Can you tell me where the leader of J crew is?”
The woman smiled. “Oh sure, he’s over by the cranes, you can-”
“Hey Stevie!” Clint suddenly greeted, cutting between the two of them. “Glad I caught you, Natasha wanted to speak with you, and I thought I’d tag along seeing as we’re going in the same direction and all that” he said, putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder and leading him into the tent.
“You know, don’t wanna be late meeting with J crew’s leader” Clint added pointedly, sending a glare behind them before they got out of sight of the woman.
“Thanks Clint” Steve said sheepishly once they were inside, too embarrassed to admit he would have mistakenly followed the woman’s directions.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll talk to her. Maybe just run thing by me or Sharon instead of asking the first person you see. I’m still, ah, running damage control” he said, leading Steve through the mostly empty tent, a few people busy folding and stacking the rows upon rows of chairs.
“Um, alright” Steve said unsurely. Just how bad had Clint smeared his name?
“Okay, so, first thing’s first, I’m gonna talk to Nat real quick before you do”
“Okay”
“And I kinda told her some things about you that might not be true, so I’m gonna correct those, and you might hear some yelling but don’t worry about it” Clint said quickly, and it took Steve a moment to process his fast words.
“What?”
“Don’t worry about it! Just know that she’d never commit a felony on carnival grounds, so I’ll definitely be okay”
Before Steve could question that statement, they were suddenly entering the backstage area, where Steve’s vision was bombarded with a vast array of colours. Many of them were reflecting off a myriad of vanity mirrors lined up in two rows on either side, their surfaces lit with a series of bright lights and their tables covered in various kinds of makeup.
Everywhere he looked between there were racks of clothes and costumes, accessories and props in bins and on tables and some just laying on the ground.
He felt his cheeks heat when he spotted a discarded thong laying draped over the back of a chair, and quickly looked away.
After the dressing area they reached a section with a few rows of paper wall partitions that Steve guessed acted as private changing areas, though he didn’t have much of a chance to look as he was finally led to a second prop area, this time with much larger items sitting in piles and pushed against the tent’s walls.
There was a woman sitting atop a small pedestal, wearing a simple getup of sweatpants and a shirt with her red hair up in a loose ponytail. A clipboard was balanced on her knee as she wrote. She looked up as they arrived, her eyes turning icy at the sight of Steve.
“You!” she said coldly, standing and putting the clipboard down. “I have some words for you-”
“Nat, wait!” Clint said quickly, stepping in front of Steve to shield him.
She regarded Clint equally coolly. “What is it?”
“Uh, can we step aside for a minute?” he asked, and Natasha sighed, walking up and motioning for Clint to follow.
“Stay here, I’m not done with you yet” she warned Steve as she past, and he wisely kept his mouth closed as he nodded, staying put.
The pair went behind one of the partitions, and Steve did his best not to eavesdrop on their hushed conversation. It got a little difficult when Natasha suddenly yelled in a language Steve didn’t understand, spitting a few choice words with strong enough emphasis for Steve to guess they were insults.
He also heard smacking sounds, followed by Clint saying ‘ow!’ and ‘I said sorry!’ quite a few times, though never enough for Steve to think he was in any real pain.
A minute later and they were done with their talk, Clint coming out looking no worse for wear, though he was rubbing the back of his head like it smarted, an unhappy twist to his mouth.
Natasha on the other hand followed behind shooting Clint a deathly glare, before she turned to Steve and her whole demeanor changed to one of professionalism.
“You must be Steve” she said, walking up to him and holding out her hand, far less cold than before.
“Um, Yes ma’am” he said, taking her hand to shake.
“I understand there was some unfortunate miscommunication on Friday” she said, eyes cutting briefly to Clint, who looked contrite.
“Yes, but we got it sorted. It won’t happen again” he assured.
“Make sure it doesn’t”
“It definitely won’t” Clint said, earning another icy glare from Natasha. “And, uh, that’s my cue to leave. You two have fun!” he added, making his retreat hastily. Steve almost wanted to follow him, but he had the sense to know that wouldn’t do him any good.
Natasha didn’t say anything for a moment, and instead looked Steve up and down. “What size are you, a men’s thirty-two?” she asked.
Steve blinked. “Uh”
“Hmm, no, your waist is too small. You might fit better in a women’s double-X”
“What?”
She looked up from where she’d been scrutinizing his hips. “Nevermind. Fury said you were an artist, right?”
He felt like he was getting whiplash at the changing topic. “Uh, yeah. Portraits mostly, but I do- I did graphic design before”
Natasha nodded. “Graphic design” she repeated, more so to herself. “Any experience with set design? Costuming? Makeup?”
“Uh, not really, but I know how a colour scheme works and can learn pretty fast. I think Fury wanted me to learn face-painting at some point, but I need some practice for that. I can also lift things if you needed a hand moving anything” he said, motioning to the plethora of props around them.
“We start packing up at noon; the performers don’t wake up until ten and they need to pack up their personal props before we can move anything” Natasha explained dismissively. “You can go out and start folding chairs, I’ll find you when I’m done here and get you to move the general props”
“Sounds good” Steve said, casting a quick glance at the mess around them. There were a lot of items laying about, and he wondered again at how they were supposed to have it all packed away by the end of the day. There must be a system in place if they did this every week.
Natasha waved to dismiss him, turning to return to her makeshift seat with clipboard in hand.
Steve left her to it, not wanting to be any more of a bother. He was just relieved to have gotten clear, concise instructions that didn’t leave much room to screw up. All he had to do was fold chairs, and there were already a handful of other workers doing that to begin with.
Returning to the main tent, he paused at the side of the stage, looking out in the rows upon rows and empty seats, huge gaps eating away at the edges as they were slowly put away.
A shiver went up his spine from the view, images of a crowd filling the space making his stomach swoop in an unbidden onset of stage fright.
How did people do this? How could anybody go up on stage with all those eyes focused on them? The thought alone was already making him break out in a cold sweat, and there were literally only six people here, none of them even looking in his direction.
It was far different from the crowd outside, where people were too busy moving, or one of the dozens of attractions pulling their attention every which way.
Not here though. If you were on that stage, you were the main even.

  All eyes on me.

Steve hurried to start work on the chairs, leaving his place from the side-stage before his nerves became any more fraught. He was nonplussed that the mere thought of a potential audience had set off his stage fright already, something he hadn’t had to deal with particularly often- especially with a crowd this big.
He was glad the tent was empty- he couldn’t imagine working while it was full.
As he started work on the chairs, taking his cue from the other workers and following their lead. The work was pretty straight-forward, and he soon found himself getting lost in the repetition of it.
So far, not a bad start to his workday.
 

 
“That’s the last of it” Natasha announced, helping Steve load the final props into the trailer. She’d been carrying the smaller end of items, while he and a few other took the load of the heavier sets.
Things like a giant bird-cage sized for a human, or a huge martini glass big enough to act as a stripper pole. A red-velvet fainting couch, a giant clam shell that took four of them to lift, and a few more odds and ends, just to name a few.
As they’d packed, more people started to show up, talking amongst themselves as they packed away their personal props and makeup. Steve had caught a few giving him the stink eye, but far less that he’d gotten used to. Some even waved to him amicably, and he considered that a good sign.
They’d taken a brief break for lunch, where Steve had gotten to sit with the guys from H crew once more. They were sorry to see him leave their shift, but were otherwise good sports about it, still welcoming him into their ranks. Thor especially was happy to hear he was on J crew- apparently, in addition to doing the occasional drag himself, he had a brother who did burlesque full time there.
After that it was back to packing- and now they were here, just barely past four in the afternoon. Steve supposed they needed to have the inside of the tent emptied before the heavy-duty crews could tear it down, but it left him wondering what he was supposed to do for the rest of the day.
Just as he had the thought, Natasha addressed him. “Good work everybody, you can take the rest of the day; Steve, come with me, we have some more things to take care off”
Steve nodded, not questioning why he was being singled out. It was probably more on-the-job training or something of the likes.
The other bid their goodbyes as they left, Steve waiting behind as Natasha locked up the trailer.
“Alright,” she said, turning to him, “Now I just need your help with the glitter, and then we can get started on your training”
Steve gave her a puzzled look. “Training?”
“With makeup and face paint. Most of the performer’s do their own initially, but sometimes they need a touch-up between sets or a full change, and it’s faster if someone else does it for them. Even better if you can do it while they change”
“Uh, I’m not sure Fury wanted-”
“Don’t worry about that, I’ll talk to him” she interrupted, leading him back into the main tent where he hurried after her. Damn, her small legs could move fast.
“And in any case, a good grasp of makeup will give you a strong base for face painting if nothing else. We’ve got a few props that need a touch-up- you saw the state of the clam- and I’ll need you to work on a few before our next show. I’d like to get you up to speed on corset tying too, we can never have enough hands for that”
“Uh” Steve said, his head spinning at all the information being given at once.
She looked back at him briefly, “Don’t worry, I kept the load light for your first week”
This was light work?, he thought dazedly.
“Uh, but what about my portrait drawing?”
“Well that’s during the day, right? Our big shows are at night, and we need all the help we can get”
“Even during the weekday?”
“Well that when you’d be working on the props so they can be ready before the weekend show, remember?”
“Uh, right”
“Now,” she said, stopping at a small stack of boxes and turning to face him. “Here’s the glitter; it’s all locked down. Try not to drop it, but if you do nothing should spill” she assured, bending to pick up one of the boxes, leaving two for Steve to get.
“Got it” he said, grabbing his share and scrabbling to keep up.
Natasha led him back out and towards the trailers, asking him questions on the way. He started to feel a little less overwhelmed as they got on a subject he actually knew about, answering her questions as he followed he lead.
She asked for more detail of his art studies and experience, and she listened to him attentively as he explained.
“Well you have a good grasp of facial structures I assume,” she said as they arrived at one of the housing trailers, and she pulled out a key to unlock the door. “That’ll be helpful- the rest is just having a good knowledge and eye for what works. Most performers will know what they want anyway, and should have a picture of what they expect”
She led them inside, and Steve cast a look around.
It was much fancier than the trailer Steve was living in, with a full kitchenette and what he assumed was her own bathroom off to the side. There was a single bed at the far end, and between there and the door was one long vanity outfitted with organized boxes of makeup, along with a desk area filled with papers and a computer.
“This is nice” he commented as he put his boxes down.
“Perks of being in charge of the burlesque” she said wryly, crouching down to unlock a cabinet. “Now help me get them in here” she said, dragging one of the boxes to the opened cabinet.
“You lock up the glitter?” Steve asked as he handed her another, watching as she stacked them into what looked like a reinforced box.
“Do you know how much glitter costs?” she said, tucking in the last box. “You had about a thousand dollars worth of the stuff in your arms on the way here- and that’s bulk prices”
Steve raised his brow in shock. “A thousand dollars?” he repeated in disbelief.
“Uh-huh” Natasha confirmed, shutting the cabinet and locking it closed. “We had a theft a few years ago- only got away with a few hundred’s worth, but we lock it up to be safe now. Same with the other makeup, but we don’t keep them all in one place” she explained, and then went to pull up a chair by the vanity.
“Now sit, I’m gonna show you how to apply makeup” she said, pulling up a second chair beside herself and patting it.
“Oh, uh, right” Steve said, taking his seat hesitantly.
He’d drawn plenty of women with makeup, and a few men too, but he’d never actually applied the stuff.
“So, uh, what am I doing?” he asked as she pulled up a box, opening it to reveal a slew of products he wasn’t familiar with.
“Just pay attention while I put it on you. Watch how I do it in the mirror”
“You’re putting it on me?”
She looked at him like he was slow. “Well I’m not teaching you how to put makeup on yourself. You need to be able to apply it to others”
“Uh, I guess” Steve said, eyeing the items warily. It wasn’t that he had anything against wearing makeup- but he was pretty sure he saw some pointed instruments in the mix, and he wasn’t so sure he wanted them near his face.
“Don’t be a baby” Natasha admonished, “You can wipe it off before you leave, nobody’s going to see you”
“That’s not what I’m worried about” he said, eyeing what looked like a monstrous pair of scissors.
She rolled her eyes. “I’m just doing basics, we can work on the artsy stuff another time” she said, grabbing a box filled with creams. “Is your skin oily or dry?”
Steve had to think. “Um, not sure”
She squinted at his face for a moment.“Hmm, I’m leaning towards dry. Let’s moisturize just in case” she decided, handing him a cream. “Rub that on your face” she said offhandedly as she rummaged for other supplies.
Steve looked down at the cream, wondering what exactly he was getting into.
With a sigh, he popped the cap, squirting a small dollop onto his open palm.
This wasn’t exactly what he had in mind when he joined the carnival, but hey, he wanted new experiences, didn’t he?
He just hadn’t been expecting a makeover.
  
    Chapter Text
    “And that’s it” Natasha said, putting down the lip gloss.
Steve turned to the mirror, finally freed from Natasha’s hands to look at himself properly.
“Oh wow” he said, eyes going wide at her transformation of his face. Sure, he’d watched her put it on in the reflection, but this was his first time actually taking it all in.
“It’s magical, right?” she said, eyes crinkling in amusement.
“I don’t throw around the word ‘fabulous’ a lot, but…” he said lightly, still shocked at his own visage.
It wasn’t bad, was the thing. He could still see himself under it all, but everything about him just… popped a little more. The blush and highlights accentuating his features, the mascara and the eyeliner emphasizing the blue of his eyes.
He looked like he could grab people’s attention. Part of that made him uncomfortable- the thought of catching people’s gaze; of turning heads.
He didn’t think it was for him.
“You’re wearing the bare basic, so maybe save that for when I show you how we do the actual performance makeup” she laughed, collecting the supplies she’d been using and pushing them towards him. “Now it’s your turn”
Steve looked down at all the products, feeling trepidation.
“Don’t worry, I’ll talk you through it- just do what I did” she assured, wiping her face down with a wet towelette. She’d been very competent during her demonstration, explaining every step explicitly as she applied the products to Steve’s skin. He’d done his best to pay attention…
But there had been a lot of steps.
“So it’s… primer first?” he said unsurely.
“That’s right, but I’ll put that on. You usually let the person apply the creams to themselves” she said, taking the primer that he handed her. “You won’t hear the end of it if you put a hydrating primer on someone with oily skin, so it’s best to let the performer do themselves on that front”
Steve nodded, looking at the supplies for the next item. “Next is, um, foundation?”
“Two for two” she said encouragingly, rubbing the primer on her skin.
“So there’s going to be a lot of variety in the makeup you see; some people use creams while others use powders, and some people skip a lot of the steps that I showed you. We’re covering all the bases right now so you know how to do them, but in all likely hood you’ll only be doing a handful of these things at a time” she explained as she finished, tilting her face up for him to start.
“You sure know a lot about makeup” he said, dipping the brush and beginning to powder her face.
“It’s my job” she said simply. “I studied it for a while, but never really knew where I wanted to go with it. There’s theatre, or television, or movies if you can cut it. Magazines need people for photo shoots. Most end up in salons. Maybe event makeup for weddings and proms”
“None of those appealed to you?”
She snorted. “You could say that. My parents owned a beauty salon- I was supposed to take over, to ‘keep family legacy’” she said, laying on a thick Russian accent for the last part, derision in her tone.
“I’m guessing that didn’t pan out” he said, finishing and switching to the concealer without prompting. When Natasha didn’t correct him but rather kept talking, he assumed he’d gotten it right.
“Not especially. Hardly a legacy either, they only opened the business when I was twelve. But it got me experience, and it got me where I am today” she said vaguely, glossing over exactly how she’d gotten here.
Steve sensed that was a no-go topic however, like it was for a lot of other people he’d talked to, so he didn’t push.
“Well, from what I hear, you do a great job”
“Of course I do, you think I’d get a whole trailer to myself if I didn’t?”
Steve cast a glanced around, feeling envious. He’d give anything just to sleep on the floor of this place rather than the tiny trailer with its three cold roommates.
“Don’t worry” she said with a grin when she caught his expression, “They bump people up if they perform well, and I have a feeling you’re gonna be seeing some new living arrangements in a while”
“Oh yeah?” he asked hopefully, switching to applying the blush.
“Well, I’m sure you heard some of the gossip about you when you got here”
Steve thinned his lips, trying to shrug dismissively. “I heard a few things. I think they were calling me ‘Rescue Guy’?”
“A bit more than that, but yes” she said, letting him tilt her face for her eyebrows next.
“But the thing is,” she went on “when we get people we aren’t too sure of, or someone who’s really new, management puts them in the Sticks”
“The Sticks?”
“It’s what they call the worst trailers- don’t ask me why, the name was here before I was” she added. “There’s a few of them, but generally it’s whichever ones are closest to the generators. They also demote the troublemakers to them”
“So it’s like a punishment?”
“Eh, more like a convenience. Somebody needs to be closest to the generator, might as well be the newbies and the shit disturbers. But anyway, now that Clint’s going around fixing what he did, so long as you keep up the good work, they’ll probably offer you someplace better”
Steve perked at that. “How soon do you think that might be?”
She shrugged, keeping her face still as he worked. “Can’t give you an exact time, but usually about a month if you’re satisfactory- sooner if you’re pulling your weight. You’re really getting the hang of this by the way” she said suddenly, and Steve was only now realizing he was applying highlighter.
“Oh” he said, pausing his work. He’d put on the skin powder, bronzer, and done her eyebrows and eyelashes all automatically, too focused on their conversation.
“Huh” he said, looking down at the brush in his hand.
“You just got the lip gloss left and then you’re good” she said, handing him the applicator. “You’re a natural- I didn’t have to correct you once”
Steve rubbed the back of his neck bashfully, not fully accepting the compliment. It hadn’t felt like he’d done all the work, and yet her face was looking like a mirror of his own- minus the glossy lips.
He quickly applied the gloss, capping it back into the tube as Natasha turned to the mirror, giving her face a proper inspection.
“Not bad at all” she said, sounding impressed. “A lot of this is just the basics for application- I’ll have you adding foundation and concealer most of the time anyway, but we can move you on to the flashy stuff when you’re used to it”
Steve felt relief at that. This had been a lot, and he wasn’t confident that he could apply a whole face on his own.
“So that’s it?” he asked, hoping that it was. It was nearing supper time, and he was starting to get hungry.
“That’s it” she said, handing him the box of wet wipes. “You can go ahead and wipe down now”
As he started to clean up his face, he tried to remember what it was she was expecting of him. “So you wanted me to… re-paint a few of the props this week, right?”
She smiled, happy he remembered. “Among other things. But I’ll have one of my assistants help you”
More relief, then, at not being left to figure it all out on his own. It was all starting to feel like a lot.
Yet at the same time, there was a giddy sort of excitement to it. He’d be working backstage for a burlesque show. How crazy was that? Barely over a week ago he’d been too mortified to sit through an entire act!
There were still nerves, of course, and a slight worry that he’d become uncomfortable all over again, but worse now because he couldn’t just up and walk out. That was all part of the plan though- how else was he supposed to get over himself if not by exposure? Maybe seeing the performers regularly would desensitize him.
That was the hope, anyway.
“So at tomorrow unpacking, you won’t run off with another crew this time, will you?” Natasha asked wryly as Steve started wiping off his face.
He ducked his head in chagrin, feeling bad about the mix-up from earlier this week. “I’ll be there” he promised.
“Good, because if not,” she said, squinting her eyes threateningly, “I can make your job much harder”
Steve swallowed, not doubting that for a second. “I, yeah- I’ll definitely be there”
“Good” she said again, and then shifted her seat away so she sat at her desk area instead of the makeup section. “You can take the rest of the day for yourself then. Monday’s are most people’s free nights before we move on, then it’s all practice until the weekend, so don’t waste it”
He nodded, taking in her words as he finished cleaning off the makeup. “So Monday’s are the only break people get?”
“Depends which group you’re in; some get more free time than others. This is a full-time gig for some of us” she said, then pointedly motioned to the stacks of paperwork on her desk.
“Ah” he said, taking the hint, “I won’t hold you up then. But, uh, thanks for the lesson. I never knew makeup had so many layers”
“Just wait until we do performance makeup- we gotta set that stuff so it doesn’t sweat off”
Steve chuckled nervously, getting out of his seat. He couldn’t imagine how complex it must get- but he had a feeling he’d find out soon enough.
“It was great meeting you by the way, I look forward to working with you” he said, giving her a wave as he made his way to the trailer’s door.
“Likewise” Natasha smiled, though suddenly her expression grew more serious, “But Steve” she said, and he paused at the door, hand on the handle.
“About what Clint did… Bucky’s a good friend of his- of a lot of people, myself included. What he did wasn’t right, but he was looking out for his family. I hope you know that”
He looked to her, face going soft. “Yeah, he explained it to me. It’s water under the bridge”
“Alright” she nodded, turning to her work. “Then that’s all. Make sure you find me tomorrow when we get to the new grounds”
“Will do” he said, taking the dismissal for what it was and exiting the trailer.
That had gone better than expected, seeing as he hadn’t been expecting it in the first place. He rubbed at his cheek, still feeling the ghost of makeup on his face, and wondered how people could wear that for hours at a time nearly every day.
He had a greater respect for the performers, that was for sure.
As he made his way through the maze of mobile homes, he thought back to Natasha’s last words.
James must mean a lot to the people here if they were all willing to turn on him at the implication that he may have hurt him. He wondered what kind of man James must be to have so many friends. Personable, no doubt, but there had to be more than that.
Steve had only the one good friend in Sam, and then a few faint connections between some people in the neighbourhood. So to have the majority of a carnival as your family? It baffled Steve’s mind, and he wondered again at James, with the painted nails and the kind eyes.
What would it be like, to be that connected? To be that loved? Steve didn’t have much in the way of experience.
Maybe he could build something like that here?
Doubtful, he thought, scoffing at himself.
He’d made friends, sure, but a family? Barring his re-connection with Sharon, he’d lost that years ago.
Still. A man could hope. And maybe a few more friends would be enough for him.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Hey stranger” Sam greeted, his face taking up Steve’s screen on the video call.“Hey Sam” Steve said back, grinning down at his phone. He had the trailer to himself for the moment, and was taking the opportunity to talk with his friends back home in private.“Is that Steve?” a voice yelled faintly from the background.“You knew I was gonna call him tonight!” Sam yelled back.“What? Hold on I can’t hear you! Don’t let him hangup before I come down!”“I literally just called him! I haven’t said more than two damn words to the man!”Steve laughed as he watched the siblings bicker in front of him. Michelle’s voice gradually growing louder as she approached, until the video shook and a moment later the two of them were in the shot.“Steve! I still didn’t burn your house down!” she said as way of greeting.“Hi Mish” he said with a laugh, the running joke of his house not being on fire still holding up.“How’s the circus going? What’s it been, a month since you left?”“Three weeks” Steve corrected, marvelling at how fast the time went.“And how’s it been? They all still giving you trouble? Tell me if they are, I’ll drive over there and talk to ‘em” Michelle threatened.“Just a few, but from what I hear, they give everybody shit, so it’s nothing new. That guy Clint, he really turned everyone around on me- I got a couple apologies!” he told her.The first week had been difficult, yes, but it really had gotten easier from there- at least, in the social aspect. Nobody tried to trip him at meal time anymore, and people actually helped him when he needed it- and he needed it often.The learning curve was steep, and now that he was properly assigned to J crew, the tasks seemed almost endless. When he wasn’t working on portrait drawings during the day, he was spending evenings painting props and learning to do makeup.Natasha had assigned him one of her assistants to act as his overseer during work, and he was incredibly grateful. Her name was Gwen, and she made everything easier just by telling him what it was he was supposed to be doing.Finished painting the clam? Move on to painting the fake hot dog stand. Finished that? Touch up the jungle background.And so on and so forth.While he was doing that, practice for the burlesque acts were held on stage, and he got to see some of them in action- better yet, he got to see them done while the performer’s were fully clothed. Sometimes.Other times they stripped anyway, and Steve would keep his eyes down on his work.It was harder to avoid when he was learning makeup. Monday really was her day off, because Natasha no longer had time to spare for a personal lesson. Instead he was shadowing… well, everybody, learning to both do makeup and tie corsets as the performers needed, the nicer ones of the group patiently explaining the process as it was done.The corsets were even more stressful than the makeup. He worried about touching the performer in some way they didn’t like as he tied them in, while also being fearful of pulling the garment too tight despite what the wearer insisted.It was all made worse by the fact that he was becoming a favourite of the performers- his strength meant he could pull the ties tightly with ease, unlike others who really had to yank to get it right.Moreover, his stammering politeness also endeared him to the performers, a majority of whom were women who weren’t particularly shy about their bodies, but appreciated his courtesy nonetheless.Their comfort only increased when it came out that he was gay, and suddenly he was becoming very familiar with the tent’s ceiling when some of the women were casually changing between sets outside of the privacy area.He found his name getting called more and more often, to the point where Natasha had to step in and shoo them off when it started eating into his set-painting time.Of course, he couldn’t share any of that with Sam and Michelle. He wouldn’t hear the end of it.“It’s good to know things are goin’ well” Sam said, giving the camera a grin.“Thanks guys. But how about you? What’s going on over there?”“Oh, Mona made a dragon in daycare today” Michelle said, leaving the screen for a moment and then returning with a crude drawing of what could arguably be considered a dragon. It certainly had some limbs and pointy teeth.“Tell her I said it looks good” he said, grinning at the messy style. There was such a unique disjointedness in children’s art.“I’ll tell her first thing in the morning- though you oughtta try and get like an hour or something free at a better time, we can’t keep messaging at ass-o-clock at night”Steve gave them a rueful look. “I’d like to, but I really don’t have the time. I guess I could wake up earlier if you’re up at five?”“In the morning?!”“Or lunch!” he quickly offered.“Steve, we’re all working adults here” Sam said. “There’s no way we can organize that”“I meant on the weekend”“Isn’t that your busiest time?”He shrugged. “I mean, if we make it fast…”“Ugh, nevermind. Just send some pictures of yourself in your clown getup”“Artist” Steve corrected, though they were all well-aware that Michelle was teasing him. “I do art”“You joined a circus my man, you ain’t nothing but a clown to me” Michelle shot back with a shit-eating grin. Steve rolled his eyes. He was never going to escape that as long as he worked here.They went on to talk about their respective weeks- Sam at his practice and Riley’s office drama, Michelle at her new job at the local grocery store. Steve shared his own notable work stories, of which there were a lot to choose from- never let it be said a carnival was uneventful.He’d worked three weekends so far, and he was still trying to get acclimated to the hustle and bustle of it all. The weekdays gave him some respite with it’s slow trickle of sideshow work, but the weekend still felt like a roller coaster between the portraiture and the burlesque.They’d moved him around after his first weekend, leaving him without Sharon’s company to help him throughout the day- but then others had started warming up to him by then, and he found allies in other acts.The second weekend he’d been placed between gaming booths- balloon and dart on one side, wheel of fortune on the other. Both booth workers had helped him with his tent during morning setup, taking pity on him when he’d asked in embarrassment.The week after that he’d been put next to a fire breathing act, and the woman, Pepper, had been a delight to talk to between sets, letting him add her image to his mostly full board.And there was another thing- he’d finally managed to fill his board with examples, a majority of them people from the carnival. He’ gotten plenty of compliments on his work, and a few requests to keep the images he drew that he gladly obliged.At one point Maria had even made an appearance, doing a quick examination of his tent. He must have been up to snuff, because she nodded to him and moved on to check the other booths without so much as a word.It left him hopeful. So far he’d still been stuck in the Sticks, and was waiting with crossed fingers for someone above him to say he was being moved somewhere else.It wasn’t altogether awful- it beat living in a car by miles- but being on bad-to-neutral terms with his bunk mates didn’t make for a great living situation.They weren’t considerate of the small things, like trying to be quiet when they came back from late-night drinking, waking Steve who was already dealing with late nights and early mornings. They left their messes in the common spaces, and it was a coin flip if they’d ever clean it up or if Steve had to bite the bullet and do it for his own piece of mind.It also didn’t help the one night he’d come back with glittery eye shadow still on his lids, completely forgetting Loki had wanted to show him how to apply his unique style of black-fading-to-green-fading-to-gold. What he’d gotten upon return was a slur out of John, avoidance out of Daniel, and the usual indifference of Frank.On top of that, the roar of the generator was a bane in the middle of the night. It made it hard for Steve to hear himself think, nevermind sleep. At least it was a steady drone, and once he managed to doze, he stayed like that until the morning alarm.He was managing, but it wasn’t great.He didn’t want to burden his friends with it, though. Especially when they were two states over while he was in Portland, Maine.He’d heard this was as far north as they went, and would be turning to head south tomorrow, going all the way down to Texas in the span of four months.The thought had made him dizzy for a second. He’d never been so far before- not even when he ran away as a kid, fleeing just one state over to avoid contact with a group of people who didn’t particularly care to look for him.But at the same time he was excited; it was a new opportunity, and he couldn’t wait.After they finished catching each other up, they said their goodbyes and goodnights, the two siblings starting to sound tired. Steve felt a little bad- what was an hour past their bedtime was Steve’s mid-evening.It was all so different than what he was used to; from suburbanite to carny, all under a month. As he hung up the call, he marvelled at the path his new life had taken.He set the tablet down, leaning back in his seat and sighing. He looked around at the messy trailer, discarded bottle and cans littering most surfaces where food wrappers didn’t.He wouldn’t trade it for the world.He would, however, trade it for slightly better accommodations, but that was something he’d talk to Clint or Sharon about. Maybe he had to actually ask for it, or it would never happen- he’d just been too worried about rocking the boat to do it until now.He grabbed his items and returned to his bunk then, setting his tablet under his pillow for safe-keeping while he stripped down to his boxers. The rest of his night was free, and he planned to spend it sleeping while he could.It only a Wednesday, but he still had to be up tomorrow for the sideshow- especially now that he’d started face-painting. He’d only recently acquired his own set of paints, and he needed to get some more subjects to add to his board for the weekend.As he tucked himself in, he smiled, wondering at what exciting new experiences he’d get out of it. 
 “And there we go” Steve said, finishing the last touches on a pink butterfly. He put his brush down and held up the mirror for the little girl to see, and she giggled in delight as she admired the art on her face.“What do we say?” her mother prompted with a smile, and the girl gave him a heartfelt ‘tank you’ that just turned his heart to mush.“You’re very welcome” he said, putting the mirror away. “And if you and your mom are okay with it, I would love to take a picture of your butterfly for my wall” he said, motioning to his art board that was sorely lacking examples of painted-faces- so far he had one of the guys from H crew who’d let him paint a his face like a dog, and two women from the burlesque who’d let him do a kitty face and a fairy-princess look.What he really needed, however, was actual children.Thankfully the mother agreed, and let him take a picture of her daughter with the camera he’d burrowed from Peter, one of the carnival photographers and part-time acrobats. He was kind enough to let Steve take his equipment while he spent the day practising his ‘Spider-Man’ routine.Steve waved goodbye to the mother-daughter duo as they left, making their way hand-in-hand to the next booth that caught their attention.He looked at his art board with hope, enjoying how filled it had become. He’d also inadvertently captured his time at the carnival on it- his growing bond with Sharon, his friendship with H crew, his remediation with Clint, and his newfound connections in the burlesque.There was just one person that Steve felt he was missing, and he knew exactly who it was.James.His absence in Steve’s day-to-day was made all the more noticeable by how Steve actively avoided him.He’d taken to eating his meals with either H crew or the burlesque performers, catching up with Sharon and Clint during the workday when their paths crossed. He never ate with them, though, because usually James was also there, and he didn’t want to put any strain on the other man with his presence.All the avoidance did was bring Steve attention to it, however, and he found himself stealing glances at James when he could, eyes inexplicably drawn to the fortune telling tent every time he passed by.It was starting to drive him a little mad, honestly. The urge to talk to James struck him at random times. He couldn’t help but think back to that first night when they’d talked, and how easy it had been. The kind eyes and the deft hands. The image just wouldn’t leave him.But he held strong and kept his distance, accepting that this was how it was going to be. Maybe though, just maybe he could patch things up-“What the fuck?” a voice said loudly, disgust dripping through their words. Steve turned back at the sound, leaning out from his tent to look down the walk.A few booths over was the fortune teller tent, Steve’s current spot the only available one when he’d set up, and he was close enough to see someone exit the flaps with a look of scorn.“Goddamn freak” the person spat, briskly turning and walking away.Steve’s lips thinned as he watched the guy walk away, feeling anger. Some customers were just assholes, and he had half a mind to confront the guy about what he’d just said. James didn’t deserve that- nobody deserved that-His thoughts halted when he heard a sob come from the tent, and he looked over with concern. Chuck, the guy in the corn dog booth next to him, did the same, as did the others who’d heard the sound, all of them leaning out to see what was going on.Steve didn’t even think as he stood from his chair, going up to the tent and ducking under the flap.“James?” he said tentatively, eyes adjusting to the dimness inside.“-blinded to your own intuitions, and deny your own troubles”“James?” he said again.James didn’t answers, instead he sat at his table with his cards spread in front of him, pulling another card from the deck. A handful of tears were falling down his face as set it on the table, and Steve felt a cold familiarity to what he was seeing. His eyes cut down to James’ wrists which were thankfully not bleeding, but look rubbed red and raw.“You’ll flee the those who would help you, scorning what you know to be true” James continued, setting the card down in the spread with the others.Steve swallowed and approached slowly, hands held out to show he meant no harm.“Hey, is there something I can do?” Steve asked, and felt a smidgen of hope when James looked up at him and shook his head. Good, at least he was more aware of what was happening around him.James pulled another card and set it down. “Ultimately, you will be freed from your burden and your life. Your choices will lead to the finality you always knew to be true”James let out a gasping breath, hands pulling in close to his body.“James?” Steve asked, stepping a little closer.“I’m fine” he said wetly, bowing his head to hide behind his hair as he sniffled.“Okay” Steve said lightly, sitting in the recently vacated seat the customer had left. “Is it okay if I sit with you for a minute?”James nodded shakily, so Steve stayed where he sat, sitting quietly while James shook. He tried to peek at James’ hands, but the man had them safely tucked in his lap under the table.Steve didn’t know what to do, so he simply offered his presence and support. At the very least, he could deter any other customers from coming in while James composed himself.He didn’t know how long he sat there, but James’ shaking eventually died down, as did his sniffling breaths.“Bucky” James said suddenly, still not looking up.“Sorry?” Steve said, not sure he caught that right.“My name, my- what my friends call me. You can call me Bucky”“Alright, Bucky” Steve said. And maybe it wasn’t the best timing, but he felt his heart skip a beat at the little olive branch he’d been offered.“Can I get you anything?” Steve asked.Bucky started to shake his head, but then paused, looking up through the fallen strands of his hair. “Actually, um. Could you. Close the tent for me? I have to- have to go to my trailer. I’m gonna take my break”Steve’s face softened in understanding. “Sure. Do you want me to get you someone to walk with you there? I can text Sharon, or Clint”“No, no, it’s fine. I just need to, um. Clean up” he said haltingly, and Steve caught him pressing his hands tight against his stomach.“Yeah, alright” he said, watching Bucky get up hastily and make his way around the table, passing Steve with his head ducked as he quickly made his escape. Steve waited until he was completely gone before getting up himself, pushing the chair back into place.He sighed, his heart going out to the guy. He didn’t know what it was exactly that Bucky suffered with, but it looked like it took its toll.He turned to set the table back in order, then paused, pursing his lips in befuddlement.A moment ago the cards had been laid out in a spread, thankfully bloodless, but still a mess. Now they were all gone, leaving the blank purple tablecloth bare.“Huh” he said. He knew Bucky was quick with the cards, but he’d completely missed the point where he must had grabbed them.Shaking his head, he went around and pushed in Bucky’s chair, pausing when he saw the sign leaning against the back leg that read Back in 1 Hour, and figured he ought to but that up.“Hey, everything alright?” someone asked, and Steve turned to see one of the sideshow workers standing at the tent’s entrance. He thought he maybe recognized her as the hula hoop dancer a few spots down.“Yeah, Bucky just needed to take a break. He asked me to close up the tent”“Oh, here, lemme help with that” she said, stepping in to start undoing the ties that held the flap open.Steve smiled in relief, glad someone with experience was here in case he missed something. “Thanks” he said.“Oh no problem. We looked after each other here” she said, giving him a warm smile.Steve returned it, giving her a nod before reaching down for the sign.As they closed up the tent temporarily, his mind wandered to Bucky. Was he okay? How badly was he hurt? It didn’t look like he’d been bleeding, but his skin had been awfully red.Steve couldn’t help but worry for him, and wonder if there was anything more he could do to help.Evidently not, but still, even closing the tent felt worlds better than doing nothing. Certainly felt better than carrying his body in search of a medic.He supposed it was something.And he’d asked him to call him Bucky, too. If nothing else, that buoyed Steve’s mood well beyond his worry.Bucky, Steve thought again, his mouth turning up just thinking it.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky quickly closed the trailer door behind him, locking it instinctively without putting too much thought into it.
He went to the table and fell back into the seat, gasping and hunching into himself.
Eyes closed, he took a deep, shaky breath, trying to calm his racing heart.
Bad read, he thought, feeling the ache in his wrists where the cards had dug in. Not his worst, not by far, but still bad. He just needed a minute to find his bearings again.
As his heart slowed by degrees, he tentatively looked down and rubbed at the wrist of his right hand, assessing the tender skin under his palm. He’d maybe need to put some lotion on it to soothe the burn, but he didn’t think a bandage was necessary.
He sighed, leaning back and letting his head thump against the backrest.
Too fucking vague, he thought bitterly of the customer he’d just had. He hated those questions, the ‘what’s in my future?’ crowd. It was far too general, and the cards just loved finding the worst possible outcome. This guy had been a smoker, and it looked like that particular habit wasn’t going to give him a long-lasting life.
And speaking of what’s in my future crowd…
Steve.
He’d suddenly showed up when the customer wasn’t even there to hear the rest of his reading, taking the guy’s seat and trying to help like some kind of white knight.
Bucky didn’t know how to feel about it, even now. Was he scared? Was he comforted? He was conflicted between the two, and maybe a little embarrassed at being seen like that again.
He didn’t know why he asked Steve to call him by his nickname. It had just come out instinctively at hearing his proper name out of the man’s mouth; it hadn’t felt right to be James to him, not then.
James was just one of the dozen workers with the same name. He only ever used it as a professional barrier between him and the customers- and he and Steve were well past that.
But then what were they? Co-workers? Colleagues? Those felt too paltry for someone whose fate was entwined with his own.
The term enemy flitted across Bucky’s mind, just as quickly dismissed. Steve was nothing if not friendly, and hardly posed a threat- tarot prediction aside.
Bucky groaned, putting his face in his hands- then immediately hissing in pain as the move jostled his still-tender wrists. Ow.
Well, the emotional turmoil had succeeded in distracting him from his more physical problems. He twisted his lips and gingerly reached into his pocket, pulling out the deck and setting it on the table in front of him, staring down at the cards unhappily.
“I hate you” he said to the deck petulantly, though there wasn’t much heat behind the words.
As usual, the cards didn’t have anything to say back. Not that they had to- every day he was shackled to these things was one big FUCK YOU.
He sighed, turning away to look back at the vanity where his and Clint’s supplies were. There was some skin cream somewhere in that mess that would hold him over until he fully healed tomorrow. He’d have to touch-up his makeup too- a few tears had fallen and smudged his eyeliner despite his best efforts.
But before he did all that, he let himself slouch in his seat, wallowing in his own misery. He needed another minute before he could muster up the energy to make himself presentable again.
Both in body and mind.
 

 
“-and you’ll find yourself moving quickly in your passion” Bucky finished, laying the Eight of Wands down as the final card.
The woman in front of him frowned. “So I’m gonna move too fast in my next relationship?”
Bucky shook his head. “Your next relationship will move fast- that doesn’t have to mean bad. Think more along the lines of excitement”
She smiled giddily, looking pleased. “So I just have to wait around and he’ll come to me?”
Bucky shrugged with a slight wince. “Eh, it’s more along the lines of keep doing what you’re doing and it’ll happen. He’s not just gonna show up at your house, you gotta meet him halfway- this just says he’ll be at the halfway point when you get there”
She nodded, not put off by the caveat. “Alright, yeah- alright!” she said excitedly.
Bucky smiled at her enthusiasm, happy for her. At least somebody was getting good news today.
“Thank you” she said, reaching into her purse. “I have been trying the online dating and keep getting zilch, but if you say I gotta keep at it, then I’m gonna keep at it!”
She pulled out a small handful of dollar bills and handed them over to Bucky. “You just made my night” she grinned, and Bucky returned it as he pocketed the tip.
“It was my pleasure” he said, seeing her off happily.
He breathed a sigh of relief when she disappeared from sight, rolling his neck until it cracked, groaning in satisfaction. He glanced down at the little watch under the table and read it was near enough to the end of the day to justify closing his tent.
Given what had happened earlier, he didn’t think the others would mind him ducking out a little early. There weren’t even that many people out today anyway.
Closing was a simple task of sealing all his earnings into his collection box, closing the tent flaps, and shutting off the lights. The rest could stay put for tomorrow’s shift, safely guarded by the night watch until morning.
As he closed, he thought again at what he’d slowly been ruminating since earlier.
Like it or not, Steve was going to be a regular feature in his life for the coming future. More and more he was convinced that their paths were unavoidably going to entwine, proven by today’s earlier incident.
They could only avoid so much, and something was bound to make them run into each other- hell, it already had. And it was just going to keep happening; Bucky couldn’t control that.
What he could control, however, was the terms.
Steve was going to be given a choice to either ruin Bucky’ life or not- and so far, Bucky had been doing his best not to give a reason to do the former.
But, what if he gave Steve a reason to want to do the latter? What if he wanted Bucky’s life to go well?
Make it an active choice, not this passive hope on good morality. If Steve had to choose between something and Bucky, why not incentivize Bucky?
To do that, he had to get close- he had to make them acquaintances at worst, but friends would be ideal.
And so, after closing up his tent, he took a deep, rallying breathe as he stepped out onto the walk- which was just the outward-facing section of field this week- and made his way down the line towards the art tent.
There was Steve, in all his… Steveness, sitting at his stool and drawing something on the paper at his easel, though there was no customer sitting opposite from him.
Bucky stood behind him, a moment, just watching as he drew some kid’s face. He was debating if he should wait until he finished or if interrupting an artist in the middle of a drawing was okay, when Steve suddenly stopped and turned as if sensing Bucky behind him.
Steve raised his brow in surprise before breaking out in a welcoming smile.
“Bucky, hey-hi” he said, dropping his hand from the paper and turning in his seat to face Bucky more.
Bucky rubbed the back of his neck. “Um, hi”
“You, ah. You’re looking good” Steve observed, motioning to Bucky’s outfit. “Not that you didn’t before, you just said you had to go clean up, and. You did. And you look good” he said awkwardly, which in all honesty helped Bucky feel less like he was the one on unequal footing here.
“Yeah. Thanks for that by the way” Bucky smiled, letting go of his neck.
“Oh yeah, anytime. Er, was that okay though? I know I’m not exactly- I know that you wanted space” Steve said, flicking his pencil against his thigh nervously.
God, why did he have to be so endearing?
“That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about” Bucky said, feeling more confident the more insecure Steve got.
Steve’s face fell at that, though he tried to hide it. “Oh, yeah. I didn’t really think, I just heard you… but I can stay away if it happens again”
“No, see, that’s the thing. I realized I’m being kinda dumb- this whole thing’s kinda dumb actually, and I was hoping we could maybe get past it?”
That seemed to take Steve by surprise, and he was struck silent for a moment before getting his bearings. “Uh, yeah. Yeah. If that’s what you want”
Bucky nodded. “Yeah, ‘cause I’ve just been dealing with a lot, but then I thought, ‘You know what? This is dumb’, and you’re actually a really nice guy, and I’m putting you through all this trouble because of my problems that you shouldn’t have to deal with-”
“No wait,” Steve cut into Bucky’s ramble. “You don’t have to worry about that- I really don’t mind. I get that you have trouble with… things, and it’s really not a problem if me staying away makes them a little easier”
Bucky rubbed a hand over his face. “See, you say things like that and then I feel like an ass”
Steve gave him an apologetic look, unable to say anything to that.
“Look, just- can we start over? Forget all that stuff happened?” Bucky said quickly, wanting to get it out.
“Yeah, uh, sure” Steve agreed, though he looked lost as to how exactly he was supposed to that.
“Great” Bucky said, pushing on. “So, I don’t know if you know, but we have movie nights sometimes. There’s one tomorrow if you wanna come- it’ll be at Sharon’s trailer. We’re watching Fury Road, Clint’s all excited to show us the Chinese pole work or something. I can text you the details?” he said unsurely, reaching into his pocket for his phone.
“Um, yeah, that sounds good” Steve said, a kind of an abashed smile starting to tinge his lips as he rubbed at the back of his neck self-consciously.
“Good. Great” Bucky said, and opened a new contact on his phone before handing it over for Steve to enter his number.
“And you can sit with Sharon at lunch too” he said as Steve did that with a dazed yet dopey look. “Or, you know, whoever you want to sit with. I just know you don’t sit with her when I’m around, but, uh, you can”
Wow, he really sounded like an ass when he said that out loud.
Steve handed back the phone when he was done, a look on his face like he couldn’t believe this was happening. “Uh, thanks” he said.
“Sure” Bucky shrugged, tucking his phone away.
There, he’d done it.
“So I’ll, uh, see you tomorrow” he said, starting to lose his nerve the longer he stood in Steve stupidly handsome gaze. His only saving grace was that Steve still seemed to be floundering at all this too.
“Yeah, see you tomorrow” Steve said numbly, and Bucky decided to get out of there before either one of them came to their senses.
He took a step back with an awkward wave, then promptly turned and left. He heard a snicker from the corn dog booth, and shot a baleful glare at Chuck as he silently laughed at him.
He felt his cheeks heat at the fact that there’d been an audience to that particular shitshow, but fuck, at least it was over with. Maybe he could talk to Steve more naturally in a group setting, actually get a rapport with the guy, like they’d had the first time they’d met. Not this awkward, fumbling dialogue they’d devolved into.
He pulled his shawl up over his shoulders to form a hood in an attempt to hide his growing embarrassment, though too little too late now. Still, he held out hope that he could maybe make it all the way to his trailer unseen.
Ugh, stupid Steve with his stupid smile and stupid niceness.
This was already proving more difficult than he’d thought.
  
    Chapter Text
    “You’re sure this is everything?” Sharon asked as she put his bag down on his new bed, frowning at the small pile.
“I told you it wasn’t much” he reminded.
“I forgot how light you newbies pack,” she said, shaking her head. “I turned into a complete pack rat once I got my permanent trailer, I don’t know why you’d be the same off the bat”
Steve chuckled lightly, moving to start unpacking his meagre belongings.
It was now seven weeks into his stay with the carnival- a whole months since Natasha had told him that he might get an upgrade if he just waited and worked diligently- and it had finally happened.
It took longer than expected, but then, he was getting a really good deal, and it may very well have been worth the wait.
In that month and a half since he started working the burlesque, he’d struck up an odd kind of friendship with one of the performers- Loki, Thor’s brother.
He still hadn’t sussed out if those were their real names or stages name, but it fit them fairly well. If anyone pulled off the names for the gods of thunder and of mischief, it was the two of them.
Loki was very…. particular about his makeup, and so far the only people who could sufficiently apply it were Loki himself and Natasha. By some miracle, Steve managed to make the sparse list too, and that had opened a floodgate of favours.
Suddenly he became Loki’s go-to for set changes between acts, something Natasha was more than relieved with. The finicky man was apparently hell on her schedule, and yet his performances were such top-tier quality that he was allowed to get away with it.
It left Steve spending a lot of time with the man, helping him get into and out of his costumes both during practice and live performances, and sitting with him backstage as they both did his makeup. They ended up striking conversations quite often, and Steve grew to enjoy the other man’s quick wit and biting humour.
Which was why, when Steve brought up his desire to be moved out of the Sticks, Loki had seen an opening and pounced on it.
Surprise surprise, the man who was impossible to work with was also impossible to live with. Even his brother couldn’t tolerate it- or maybe it was the other way around. As a single child, Steve wouldn’t know.
It left Loki cycling through roommates faster than assistants, and yet the two of them got along well enough that he was actually willing to request Steve be placed in his trailer- a move that management was more than happy to facilitate.
It put Steve in not just a better location, but better accommodations too. He was going from a narrow bunk that didn’t fit his height to a double that let him lie straight without issue. Even better- it had its own flushing toilet, and a little kitchenette too!
Granted, the rest of the space was taken up by a huge vanity that rivalled even Natasha’s, but Steve didn’t really need much more space than what was given, which worked just as well for Loki.
They’d finalized the move this morning, and here Steve was.
When he’d told Sharon the news, she’d insisted on helping him despite his assurance that it wasn’t needed. She needled him on it until he relented, letting her carry one of his three bags as they made the daunting two-minute trek across the trailer park.
He was just glad she’d listened to him when he said they didn’t need extra hands- something he had no doubt she’d find plenty of.
He’d gotten to know more of the carnival workers ever since joining movie night. It was technically a nightly occurrence, but limited space and disjointed schedules meant only a handful people could attend at a time, crowding into someone’s trailer to watch on a laptop.
A vast majority of these movie nights were private- which was to say, it was friends inviting each other over. It turned out Bucky was very well liked, and Steve had been omitted from most invites to avoid any awkward meetings.
Since Bucky had invited him, however, people took that as a sign that things were fine, and he was suddenly bombarded with too many invitation. He really had to pick and choose given how limited his free time had become- but apparently, that was the norm.
Sharon alone would give out invitations to more than thirty people at a time, knowing full well her trailer could only accommodate ten- and then at best, five would show up.
It was just how things went, and he was glad to be included. It let him get to know more of the workers better, which in turn made his work easier as people started helping out a bit more.
Catching snippets from the grape vine, Steve discovered his nickname had gone from ‘Rescue Guy’ to ‘Bad at Tents Steve’ and ‘Makeup Steve’- from the carnies and burlesque crew, respectively- when people needed to differentiate him from the four other Steve’s on the grounds.
He supposed it was better than the context of his old moniker, but overall, he still preferred his initial nickname of ‘Picasso’ from H crew, who still used it when he hung around.
Or, you know. Just Steve would’ve been fine.
Although, he was starting to understand why Bucky didn’t go by his actual name- if four Steve’s was bad, he couldn’t imagine what the thirteen James’ must go through.
And speaking of Bucky…
“Hey, are we still doing that nail painting tonight?’ he asked, folding the last of his clothes under his bunk.
He’d been slowly broadening his artist skills, from painting props to doing makeup, and he was looking to expand into painting nails after trying and failing to help some of the dancers fix their chipped nails on the fly. Sharon had some experience with the basics, and apparently so did Bucky, and so Sharon had invited him to have a sit-down tonight and teach Steve how it was done.
Sharon had been silently admiring Loki’s vast collection of products while he’d started unpacking, but turned when Steve spoke.
“Oh, yeah. We just need snacks, but that might not happen” she said.
Steve frowned. “Why not?”
“I’m busy cleaning my tail for tomorrow, and Bucky can’t find anybody for a ride into town today.
“Sharon,” Steve said, giving her a look. “I’m free to give him a ride into town”
“Yeah, but, you know. You guys would be alone together”
Fair, Steve thought. He and Bucky were on better terms, but so far Bucky had been avoiding being alone with him. They got along well in a group at least, and Steve was tentatively hoping they might strike up a friendship soon. He didn’t want to force the issue though, and he understood where Sharon was coming from.
“Then give me the list and I’ll go on my own” he offered.
Sharon frowned, lips thinning. “Yeah, but he’s got some errands to run and it would be kinda shitty of you to go without him”
Steve rubbed at his forehead. “You know what? I’ll just text him and ask if he wants a ride, and he can decide for himself”
“No! Don’t force him!”
“I’m not forcing him! I’m offering a ride; he doesn’t have to take it” Steve defended, pulling out his phone and shooting off a text before Sharon could talk him out of it.
“There” he said, putting his phone away to avoid looking at the stilted collection of texts the two of them had exchanged so far, most of which were confirming or setting plans with others.
“Fine, but if he turns you down you can’t be weird about it”
Steve looked at her with offence. “Why would I be weird?”
“‘Cause you know he needed to go to town. If he says no, it’s like, awkward then”
“Then why’d you tell me he needed to go to town!?”
“Because you asked!” she said defensively.
“I didn’t!”
“You did!”
I did not-!”
Just then he felt his phone buzz with a text, making him drop the topic to immediately grab it and check if it was Bucky.


  Bucky Yeah, we can go at 2 if that works for you. I have some errands to run if you don’t mind
Steve felt a flutter in his chest reading that, smiling as he sent a reply


  Me That’s fine. I’ll meet you in the parking lot at 2 and we can go
He heard a pitched noise then, and he looked up to see Sharon’s face had gone from defensive to delighted, the tips of her fingers covering her mouth like a school girl hearing gossip.
“What?” he asked, not liking that face being directed at him.
“That was Bucky, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah? And?”
“You like him” she said said with a delighted tease in her voice.
“I- that’s- no” he sputtered, hastily hiding his phone in his pocket.
“You liiiike him” she sing-songed, coming closer to poke him in the arm with both her hands.
He pushed her hand away. “Shut up” he mumbled, rubbing at his cheek to try and get rid of the blush he knew was happening.
Sharon giggled- honest to god giggled- as he tried to hide his embarrassment.
He was starting to understand why Loki didn’t want to live with his brother.
“It’s not funny” he tried to defend, though it came out more petulant than he intended.
“This is great. You two would be perfect for each other”
“He doesn’t even like me”
Sharon scoffed. “You’re exactly his type. You were even on the Hunk Squad for a while there”
“The Hunk Squad?”
“It’s what we call H crew” she explained casually. “All those big beefy boys. We sometimes sight-see while they work”
“Oh my god” Steve muttered, turning away from her smarmy look.
“Don’t give me that, I know you saw it too. Remember last week when it was hot out and half of them took their shirts off? I saw you at lunch time, your face was all red”
“It was hot!” he said, rubbing at his cheek harder.
“Yeah it was” she grinned, turning his words against him and making him give her a withering look.
She took pity on him though, and finally relented. “Look, I don’t think you’re giving yourself enough credit. Yeah, not a great start, but from what I hear it wasn’t anybody’s fault. And I really think you guys could have a shot”
“He doesn’t even want to be alone with me”
“Oh yeah? Then what was that text you were all happy about just now?” she asked smugly.
Steve gripped his phone close to his chest as if to hide it, but too late. Sharon could read him like a book it seemed, at least in this instance.
“He said yes, didn’t he?” she teased.
“It’s not a big deal, we’re just going into town”
“He said yes though” she grinned.
“Shaddup” he mumbled again, trying to hide his own grin now.
Okay, so maybe he did like Bucky a little. It didn’t have to be a big deal.
“You know,” she said coyly. “It’ll take me a while to clean my tail. Could even take so long that I can’t make our nail painting lesson tonight. Could be just the two of you. Alone”
She waggled her brow, emphasizing the implication.
Steve gave her a pointed look. “Don’t push it. Let’s just see how the trip to town goes first, okay?”
“Alright” she said, holding her palms out in surrender. “But the offer’s on the table. Just text me and I’ll make it happen”
“I won’t, but thanks” he said, shaking his head and turning to his bags.
He let Sharon get back to ogling Loki’s collection while he started on his art supplies. He had much more trust in the long-time burlesque dancer than he did the temporary workers of his previous trailer, and considered actually storing his equipment somewhere that wasn’t under his pillow.
In all likelihood, the sum total of Loki’s makeup was probably worth ten times Steve’s tablet and supplies, and he probably didn’t need to worry about theft from the other man.
Which was a relief. He didn’t think it was good for him to be sleeping on one of his means of income every night.
As he tucked his precious few valuables into a cabinet, he couldn’t stop the smile on his face. His phone sat snug in his pocket with Bucky’s text, confirming their trip for later.
God, why did Sharon have to make a thing about it? Now he was nervous. What if it went bad? What if he said something wrong? What if-?
But even as his nerves ate up his thoughts, part of him felt giddy.
This might just be his chance to make things right.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky stood in the car lot, waiting for Steve to arrive so they could go into town. He worried at his bag, running his hand up and down the strap that was slung over his shoulders.
Was this a good idea? So far his plan to get closer to Steve had hit a wall- the two of them would maybe exchange four words in all when they hung around each other, relying mostly on the other people to act as buffers between them. Could he actually handle being alone with him though?
That was the real question, and it was one Bucky didn’t have an answer to. He’d try though.
He had to; his very life may depend on it.
“Bucky, hey” Steve called as he came over, picking up his pace when he spotted the other man. “Sorry, I hope you weren’t waiting too long” Steve said, pulling his keys of of his pocket and leading Bucky deeper into the lot towards his car.
“Nah, it’s fine” Bucky said. “I was kinda early”
A bit of an understatement. He’d said to meet at two, and then showed up a whole twenty minutes early when his nerves couldn’t take waiting in his trailer any longer.
Though he was one to talk; Steve was ten minutes early himself.
“So where are we heading?” Steve asked as they got into his car, Bucky clipping himself into the passenger seat.
“Into town?” he said, confused. Wasn’t that the whole point of this trip?
“I- yeah” Steve stammered, starting the car. “But where in town I meant. You said you had some errands?”
“Right” Bucky said in embarrassment. Great start.
“I have to stop at the bank, and then the, uh, the pharmacy” he said, praying Steve didn’t question him about it. “Do you have anything you need to do?” he asked, hoping to curb any questions.
“Just the snacks for tonight, though I guess since we’re there I might pick up some personal food. I got half a mini fridge to myself now”
“Oh yeah, I heard you moved trailers. You’re with Loki, right?”
Thankfully that was a topic they could both carry, and they discussed the mutual colleague as they drove. Bucky knew of Loki in passing- and like many of the carnies, he was quite the character. A real killer in the burlesque too, with a brother that was… hard to miss.
Bucky didn’t have a type. He didn’t.
“-and he said ‘Gods no. If we lived together I might just end up killing him’” Steve said, putting on a very rough approximation of Loki’s accent.
Bucky laughed. “Yeah, that’s siblings. You always kinda wanna kill them a little”
“I mean, I wouldn’t know: I was a single child. I lived with Sharon for a year when I was fifteen, but I don’t think it really counts” Steve said.
“Yeah, you really need that experience of having them in your life for your formative years. What’s even tougher is growing up with a twin. Now that’s a rough one”
“You have a twin?”
Bucky smiled fondly, thinking of Becca. “Yeah, my sister. We were fraternal, but you couldn’t tell us apart for those first few years”
Then his smile fell, thoughts turning to a sadder route. “I don’t really know if she’d recognize me now, though…” he trailed off, gazing at the passing houses.
He didn’t look to see what Steve’s reaction to that was, but the other man remained silent.
A moment later they turned off from the residential road and entered a shopping area, signs for restaurants and fast-food interspersed with all manner of stores.
“We’re here” Steve said, and pulled into a lot that offered paid parking.
“I don’t have any change on me” Bucky said, looking at the listed prices and wondering if he could break a twenty.
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve smiled, shutting off the engine and unbuckling his seat belt. “I got it. Should two hours be enough?”
Bucky nodded, relieved. “Yeah, that should be plenty”
They got out, and Bucky awkwardly waited while Steve paid for parking.
“So, ah. Is it alright if I walk with you? Not sure exactly where to get snacks around here, but I figure I’ll stop at whatever convenience store comes up first” Steve said when he returned.
“I mean, I gotta stop at a pharmacy, you can just get stuff there” Bucky suggested.
Steve blinked, and then smiled with chagrin. “Oh, yeah, that’s probably easier”
“So have you ever been to Cleveland?” Bucky asked as they started walking along the sidewalk together.
“Nah, never been farther west than Baltimore. Or south”
“Wow, so this is a real adventure for you, huh?”
Steve laughed. “Yeah, you could say that”
“Just wait until we hit the real south. Knoxville is gonna knock you socks off”
“Knox my socks off” Steve grinned.
“Oof, don’t go into stand-up” Bucky said, chuckling at how terrible the wordplay had been.
Steve snapped his fingers, putting on an air of fake disappointment. “Darn. There goes my career plan”
Bucky shook his head, laughing. “Come on Mitch Hedberg, I see a bank up ahead”
“Who?”
“Wow, okay. I’m showing you some YouTube clips when we get back” Bucky said, leading them into the bank foyer.
Steve waited patiently at the back while Bucky made his deposit at the ATM, politely looking away to give Bucky privacy as he deposited his small wad of cash into an account he didn’t ever touch.
“So pharmacy next?” Steve asked as they left, continuing down the street.
“Yep. Is there anywhere you need to go after? I feel like I’m dragging you around on my errands”
“Oh, that’s fine. It’s good to get out and actually see the places we’re stopping at, you know?” Steve said, looking ahead. “I’m living with a travelling attraction, but I feel like all I get to see are fields and parking lots every time we stop. You know last week in Buffalo? Second largest city in the state of New York, and I didn’t see more than the highway”
“Yeah, that’s kinda how it goes,” Bucky said sympathetically. “But hey, if there’s anything specific you wanna see somewhere, as long as it’s not a weekend, you can ask for some time off to check it out. Best times are Wednesday and Thursday, you’re more likely to get approved time off your shifts”
“Yeah, we’ll see. I don’t wanna rock the boat”
Bucky huffed. “Pal, you’ve been here almost two months and managed a move up to being Loki’s assistant. You’ve been pulling in good customers on your own too. I think you have some room to rock the boat a little”
“I’m not his assistant, I just, you know, do his makeup between sets. Tie him into the, uh, corsets and stuff” Steve shrugged bashfully.
“Hate to break it to ya, but that’s assistant work”
Steve blinked. “Huh” he said, like it was a new revelation.
“So yeah, you’ve got some pull. I know Nat really appreciates what you do. I don’t mean to throw around the word diva like it’s a bad thing, but Loki… he can be a handful on top of all the other dancers. He once refused to go on stage because the corset for his act tore, and he couldn’t go on without that specific one”
“Is that why he has two of everything?”
“That’s how she solved the problem?” Bucky asked in turn, laughing at the new tidbit of information Steve just gave him.
“I guess?”
Bucky only laughed and shook his head. Oh, Clint and Sharon were going to love this.
They finally found a pharmacy after a little more walking, entering together.
“I guess I’ll go grab the snacks while you do what you need. We can meet back at the front after” Steve suggested.
“Sounds good,” Bucky said, “And make sure whatever you get doesn’t stain our hands- we need our fingers clean for painting” he added.
They split after that, Steve going off to the food section to scrounge up whatever snacks he could get, and Bucky made his way to the ointments, surreptitiously checking that Steve wasn’t following him.
It wasn’t that he was ashamed, per se. It wasn’t like he purposefully fucked up his wrists- the blame could be solidly placed on the deck in that regard, but it did mean he had to clean up the mess after.
The lie he told that he had some compulsive self-harming condition followed him around like a stink, one his friends were polite enough to ignore as long as it wasn’t directly under their noses.
Hence the clandestine shopping trips to pick up soothing creams and ointments to restock his private stash at home. Usually he had to find a plausible excuse to mask his purchases from whoever was giving him a ride, but Steve was thankfully a gentleman enough not to ask.
He got his supplies and made quick work of checking them out at the register, tucking them safely away in his bag and then waiting at the front for Steve to finish his own errand.
He waited for a good five minutes before losing patience.
How long did it take to grab some snacks? Surely the choices weren’t that paralyzing- it was a pharmacy, not a candy store.
Bucky huffed and went back in, walking the aisles in search for Steve. He was perplexed to find all the food section empty of one large blond, and he expanded his search to the rest of the store.
He finally tracked the guy down in the beauty section, standing with his shopping basket full of snacks and pondering the rows of nail polish.
“You know we have that at home” Bucky said wryly, sidling up to stand next to Steve.
Steve had a twist in his mouth, still scrutinizing the rack. “I know, but it’s your nail polish. And Sharon’s. I figure if I’m gonna learn, I should bring my own, right?”
That was sweet. And dumb. “It’s literally one set of hands, I think me and Sharon can afford to cover you”
“Yeah, but what if I- I don’t know, need to touch it up?” he said shyly, still keeping his eyes averted and on the collection of polishes.
Ah, nevermind. It was Bucky who was being dumb, suddenly reading between the lines.
Bucky smiled fondly, looking at the rack. “Alright. Any colour you had in mind?”
“No, that’s what I’m stuck on” Steve mumbled, like he was embarrassed this was so difficult.
“Well,” Bucky said, drawing out the word a little. “I personally enjoy a nice red”
He held out his painted nails to emphasize, waggling his fingers. He saw Steve’s gaze cut down to them, slightly mesmerized before jumping back to the rack like he’d been looking at something he shouldn’t have.
“I don’t know if I want to try anything so… bright, for my first try” he said, and Bucky read that as he didn’t want anything too eye-catching. That was fair- Bucky’s was specifically vibrant to draw the eye while he did his fancy shuffles.
“Could do a flesh tone” he suggested. “Most people won’t even notice”
“But my nails are already flesh tone?” he said questioningly, looking down at his own nails as if to confirm.
“Yeah, that’s why it’s the most subtle option to start with”
Steve frowned, humming with consideration. “I don’t want it too subtle though- I’d like to actually see it”
Bucky rolled his eyes. Subtle but not too subtle; very helpful parameters.
He looked at the choices, then picked one that seemed good on gut instinct. “What about this?” he said, holding up a pastel-blue that was borderline white in paleness.
“Blue?”
Bucky shrugged. “Feels like your kind of colour”
“I do like blue…” Steve muttered quietly, taking the nail polish out of Bucky’s hand to inspect it.
“Pastel is about as subtle as you can get without going flesh tone- unless you want a pink”
“No, no. I like the blue” Steve said, adding it to his basket. Bucky smiled, proud that he’d gotten it first try. But then again, maybe Steve- subtlety aside- wasn’t so picky about his nails.
They finally made their way to the register, Bucky waiting by the side and looking over Steve’s choice of snacks while he checked out.
Bucky nodded in approval, seeing mostly pretzels and crackers. Pretty good choices for a nail-painting party.
“You’re sure there’s nothing else you wanted to do while we’re out?” Bucky asked as they exited the pharmacy, the warm summer breeze ruffling their hair.
Steve looked down the sidewalk, considering.
“Well, I did see a nice cafe on the walk here. It’s not really an errand, but… I dunno, I’d just like to do something while I’m off the grounds. If, uh, that’s alright”
“Let’s do it then” Bucky agreed, suppressing the surge of nerves in his stomach. A part of him was still anxious to be around Steve for so long, but he’d been fighting it decently so far, and now was not the time to chicken out.
The smile Steve gave him was worth the nerves. Seeing the other man looking somewhat excited for something as simple as a cafe made his stomach flip, but he didn’t want to explore that at the moment.
They walked leisurely, the warm afternoon made all the more pleasant with the sparse crowd of the weekday, letting the two of them walk side-by-side without having to sidestep other pedestrians.
Steve led them to a medium cafe called Mocha Express, sitting between a bookstore and a retail boutique.
Inside was the artificial cool of air conditioning, the décor modern and sleek with muted greys and browns everywhere. The theme of the place seemed to be coffee.
Very creative.
It was about as run-of-the-mill as you could find, but Bucky wasn’t about to comment on it. When you lived your life in a carnival, ordinary became an exotic location.
“What do you want? My treat” Steve said as they got in line.
“No way- you already paid for parking and snacks, this one’s on me”
“You’re teaching me how to paint nails later; consider this payment”
“The snacks were payment, so if anything this covers parking” Bucky countered.
Steve pressed his lips obstinately. “Well then how about as a thank-you for helping me pick a colour”
“You sure? ‘Cause honest, I don’t mind- or at least, let’s split it”
Steve shook his head. “Your help really meant a lot. I had no idea what to pick until you came and found me. Please, let me get you something,” he said, and then added, “You can get me next time”
Bucky relented at the compromise, sighing like he was put-upon. “Fine” he said. “Get me a mocha then; I’ll grab us a seat”
He left Steve to it, taking the bags and looking for an available seat. Most people were taking their orders to go, and it left a lot of options free for the taking, so Bucky splurged on a booth for just the two of them.
As he sat, tucking his bag close to his hip, he felt his leg bounce with more nerves all of a sudden.
When Steve got back, it would only be the two of them in the booth, he realized. Just him and Steve, far away from anyone who could help if things went sour.
Maybe this was a bad idea.
Lighten up- it’s going to happen no matter what, he tried to rationalize. Whether here or with all the carnival at his back, it would happen, whatever it was. What he was trying to do was make Steve like him so it didn’t go as bad as it could.
Part of that was not calling short a casual coffee date between would-be friends. He had to stick through this.
His nerves wouldn’t quit, however, so he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out the deck, sending them on a ruffle between his hands.
The booth was wide, and he practised accordionning them between his palms to soothe himself, the familiar action helping him grow calm. When it got to a point where he didn’t feel like he was going to implode into himself, he started on a more difficult Sybil cut, cutting the deck into five and twirling them between his fingers before setting them all back into one whole deck.
From there he grew even calmer, pulling more basic tricks as he fanned out the cards, putting them back and cutting them, then fanning again.
He became so calmed that he didn’t hear her approach.
“Wow” a small voice said, and Bucky looked up in shock as a young girl, no more than seven, stood at the edge of the table and watched his hands in wonder.
“What game is that?” she asked.
Bucky swallowed, his calm shattered and gone down the drain.
She’d shown interest in the cards, and so the cards showed interest in her.
Read her fortune read her fortune read her fortune, the itch said at the back of his mind.
“These are actually just shuffling tricks- the cards are for tarot readings” he said, not wholly of his own will. He pulled the cards back into a deck and set them down in front of him.
“What’s that?”
“It’s a type of fortune-telling”
Her eyes grew wider, “Like seeing the future?”
He swallowed again, not smiling. “Past, present, future; almost anything you want an answer to”
“Can you tell me what I’m getting for my birthday?” she asked, and fuck.
Fuck fuck fuck.
“Yeah,” he said, mouth gone dry. “Ask your question and touch the top card- but don’t pick it up, okay? Just touch it, and then take your hand away” he said sternly, because he couldn’t stop this, could never stop it, but he sure as hell could warn them.
She’s just a kid!, his mind screamed in futility.
She was just a kid, and there was nothing he could if-
If the cards decided-
“What will I get for my birthday?” she said with excitement, touching her hand to the deck.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve grabbed his order with a giddy smile on his face, taking the drinks on a tray in one hand and the order of two Boston creams in the other. He figured Bucky would enjoy the extra treat- that, or Steve would eat it. Either way, he felt the gesture would be appreciated.
He was actually having a day out with Bucky! He’d had butterflies in his stomach since meeting him at the car earlier, but so far everything had been going good. They’d walked and talked, enjoying the sights of the admittedly shopping-oriented street, and he’d enjoyed every minute of Bucky’s company.
And now they were sitting down for coffee!
Steve felt like they were making a real connection, and he was glad he’d sent that text earlier. Could this day get any better?
He scouted for Bucky’s head among the patrons, spotting the familiar brown locks over by a booth. He made his way over with a spring in his step, thinking of how Bucky had agreed to buy for next time- meaning there might be a next time!
As he approached the booth, however, Steve’s smile started to fall when he spotted the young girl sitting across from Bucky.
She had her chin in her hands, looking down at the table with interest as- oh no.
Bucky was laying down another card, saying something that Steve didn’t catch in the din of the cafe. He hurried over and set the items down, looking to Bucky worriedly.
His face had gone pale, and he spared Steve a distressed glance of acknowledgement before he looked back down to the reading, pulling the next card.
“Plans will be made to leave your home to a destination of your heart’s desire” he said, laying the next card down. The little girl gasped, watching on with amazement and complete ignorance of Bucky’s growing anguish.
Steve, not knowing what else to do, scanned over the spread of cards. One showed a castle with two children dancing together, each holding a cup while four more lay in a row at their feet; another held the image of a happy family under a rainbow, several more cups laid out along its arc. Another showed a man holding a rat in one hand, standing above an ocean landscape.
He didn't know what any of that meant.
As he looked them over, he couldn’t help but stop at the card showing the form of a horned demon. It was holding a doll in each hand, the figure set in the midst of a gleeful dance.
The card was clearly set apart from the rest by the demon being naked, and though small and cartoonish, there was definitely a clearly visible penis.
Not the most PG thing to show a child, Steve thought, but judging from Bucky’s growing pallor, this wasn’t something he could stop; and so Steve stood by, trying to offer his silent support.
He watched as Bucky laid the cards down, and tensed when he saw a shine, just briefly, at his wrist- like a thin strand of fishing line catching the light.
Just as fast the sight was gone, and the strings invisible once more. Steve frowned; did Bucky kit himself for his card tricks, even on a shopping trip? Did he always have his strings on him in case of a breakout performance?
It wasn’t an encouraging sight. If Bucky got triggered, he may very well cut himself again, and this was just about the worst place for it to happen.
Steve wished he could reach out and grip Bucky’s shoulder in support, but he didn’t know how well that would be received, and instead kept himself tensed and ready to intervene if things turned ugly.
“You will arrive at a location of wonder, where your dreams will come true” Bucky finished with only a mild warble in his voice. He looked to be trembling slightly, but his wrists were thankfully pale and untouched, and Steve breathed a quiet breath of relief.
The kid, for her part, looked ecstatic, unaware of how close she’d been to witnessing a bad episode. “I’m going to Disneyland?!” she near squealed, and it was that moment her father made an appearance, looking to her with discontent.
“Izzy, are you bothering this young man?” he asked.
“He told me you’re taking me to Disneyland for my birthday!” she said excitedly, pointing at Bucky.
“What?” the father said, sounding peeved. Steve was getting ready to step in when he was suddenly pushed aside by Bucky, who fled out of his seat the moment he finished.
“Bucky, wait!” Steve called, leaving the table and drinks behind in light of chasing after Bucky.
He flew out the door, just barely missing another customer coming in, and Steve bit out a quick apology as he followed behind a second later.
Bucky didn’t go far, however, and Steve caught up to him just beyond the bookstore where an alley opened up.
“Bucky? Are you okay?” he asked, slowing to a halt.
In the shadows of the alleyway, Bucky was leaning forward with his arms braced against the wall, his head bowed. Rather than answer Steve question, he vomited.
“Oh, uh, shit” Steve said, averting his gaze instinctively at the sight and feeling his own gorge rise. “Can I get you anything?” he asked, putting his back to Bucky so he could at least shield him from any onlookers from the street.
“Just- need a minute” he ground out, and then heaved again. Steve winced in sympathy, but politely kept his back turned.
They stayed like that for a few minutes, with Bucky coughing and occasionally dry heaving while Steve watched people pass by, awkwardly nodding at anyone who looked over curiously as if to say ‘nothing to see here, move along’.
“Alright, I’m good” Bucky said after an extended time without throwing up, spitting twice and then emerging from the shade. Steve didn’t think he was necessarily good, but he wasn’t vomiting anymore, so there was that.
“Why don’t you wait here? I’ll grab our stuff and we can head back” Steve said with concern. He didn’t like the way Bucky looked- still pale and like he’d been wrung out.
“Yeah, alright” Bucky said without objection, leaning on the wall and closing his eyes tiredly.
Steve hurried back to the cafe, glad to see their stuff was still in the booth untouched. The father and daughter duo were seated a few booths down, and Steve didn’t want to stick around longer to deal with any fallout of that.
He tucked the Boston creams in with the other snacks, but regrettably left the mochas on the table. He didn’t think either of them would be drinking those before they got cold.
He was about to leave when he paused, looking down at the table in bafflement.

  Where are the cards?

He was absolutely certain that Bucky hadn’t taken them with him on his mad dash out. Hell, Bucky hadn’t even taken his own bag, nevermind the cards.
Then he looked back at the father and daughter. Had they-?
Maybe it didn’t matter. Maybe it did. What was more important was getting to Bucky.
He left the two undisturbed, taking his and Bucky’s belongings out and returning to where he’d left the other man.
“I got our things,” he said, pausing to take in Bucky’s sickly appearance. “But I think that kid took your cards. If you want I can try and get them back?”
Bucky shook his head, pushing off from the wall. “Don’t bother, I got’em right here” he said, loosely pulling out his deck of cards. And then he tossed them into the dark of the alleyway.
“Oh” Steve said, watching them fly and flutter down into the shadows. “Um, okay then” he said, turning to see that Bucky had started walking back the way they’d come. He tottered a moment and put his hand out to steady himself against the wall, and Steve felt a stab of worry.
“How about you sit on the curb? I can go get the car and pull up”
“Yeah” Bucky nodded dizzily, “Yeah, that sounds good” he said, then nearly collapsed as he sat down hard, closing his eyes and swallowing as if fighting a wave of nausea.
“I’ll be right back with the car” Steve assured, hurrying as he left.
A part of him felt bad for leaving Bucky alone, but he didn’t think he’d be able to make the walk all the way back to the car, and in the long run this would be the better option.
He just hoped Bucky would be okay until then.
 

 
Steve helped Bucky to his trailer once they got back, carrying all their bags while offering his one free arm as support.
Bucky had grown lethargic, and he leaned heavily on Steve as they moved. In any other case Steve would’ve been a bundle of nerves at all the physical contact, but as it was, all he could feel was concern.
“Do you want me to get Sharon?” he asked as they entered the trailer, dropping the bags on the table while still supporting some of Bucky’s weight.
“Nah, it’s fine” Bucky mumbled, eyes half-lidded and drowsy. “Just gotta lie down”
He let go of Steve then, and clumsily climbed into his bed, kicking off his shoes as he did, uncaring that they tumbled into a heap on the floor.
“You sure? You don’t look so hot”
“M’fine, just gotta sleep it off” he said, turning to lay on his stomach, face pressed against the pillow. He had his eyes closed almost instantly, and Steve figured he’d fallen asleep just as fast.
Steve sighed, then looked around, starting to feel awkward. Should he leave Bucky to his rest? It didn’t feel right to abandon him like that, but then what was he supposed to do standing around here?
His eyes fell to the bags he’d brought in. The Boston creams were still in there, slowly going stale, and it didn’t seem like Bucky was going eat his anytime soon.
Moving as silently as he could, Steve took a seat at the table, sitting where he could still keep an eye on Bucky’s sleeping form. He pulled out the baked treats along with his phone, bringing up his social media and getting ready to kill some time.
 

 
It was nearing the hour mark when he heard a groan come from the bed, and Steve looked up from his phone to see Bucky start to shift.
“Hey” he greeted when Bucky looked his way groggily, blinking the sleep out of his eyes.
“Hey” he rasped, rubbing at his face and sitting up. He glanced around blearily, like he’d forgotten where it was he’d fallen asleep. “How long was I out?”
“About an hour. You feeling any better?”
“Sorta. Feel like a bus hit me, but otherwise I’m good” he said, pushing off the mattress and standing. He came over and sat across from Steve.
He groaned, putting his elbows on the table and his face in his hands “Sorry for… all of that. And ruining your afternoon” he said morosely, face still hidden.
“Hey, no- don’t even worry about it. I’m just glad you’re okay” Steve assured, resisting the urge to reach out and take Bucky’s hand.
“No, but you wanted to get out and see things, and all I did was drag you back” Bucky said unhappily, slouching further into his seat.
“I mean, there wasn’t much to miss. It was just a coffee shop. I can see one of those anywhere”
“That’s not the point”
“Look, I don’t feel upset” Steve said, “I really am just happy you’re okay, so don’t beat yourself up about it. It happens”
Bucky looked up from his hands, not quite believing Steve’s reassurances. “You sure?”
Steve shrugged casually, giving Bucky a smile. “Really, it’s not a big deal. And hey, you can treat me for coffee next time, how’s that sound?”
Bucky returned his smile, albeit not a strongly. “What happened to paying me back for helping you find a colour?”
Steve snorted. “Alright, call it even then”
“Deal. But I’m still gonna treat you to coffee next town we’re in, ‘cause this-” he waved, “- was more trouble than telling you blue’s your colour”
Steve grinned happily, not minding at all. “Fair enough”
“And I’m still okay for teaching you how to paint nails tonight, if you were worried about that”
“Only if you’re up for it. We can reschedule”
Bucky made a noise of disagreement. “Nuh-uh, it’s still happening. I’m still good for tonight”
“You’re sure?”
Bucky snorted. “This isn’t my first rodeo. I’ll be fine”
“Alright. Then in that case, if you’re okay…” Steve trailed off, looking to the door.
“Need to head out?”
“Natasha’s been texting me,” he admitted sheepishly. “She needs an extra set of hands to move some stage props”
A little more than texting- she’d actually tried to call him, and he’d hastily put his phone on silent, the noise thankfully not waking Bucky. He’d had to text her back with a vague explanation that ‘Bucky was feeling sick’, and that Steve didn’t want to leave him alone, and she’d eased off.
Now that he was feeling better though, Steve didn’t think Natasha would appreciate the extra delay.
“Don’t let me keep you then! You could’ve gone already, I don’t need to be babysat” Bucky urged, making a shooing motion as Steve got up.
“I just wanted to make sure you were okay- you sorta passed out for a while, but you’re looking better now” he said.
And it was true. Bucky was slowly coming more awake, and with his wakefulness came more colour in his cheeks.
“Exactly. Thanks for looking out for me, but I’m fine, so you can go help Nat with her stuff”
“Okay, but feel free to text me if you need anything. I really don’t mind”
“Get outta here” Bucky shooed, looking livelier by the minute, and Steve couldn’t help a chuckle as he did just that.
“I guess I’ll see you later then” he said as he opened the door, taking one step out but hanging back a moment longer.
“Yeah, I’ll see you later” Bucky smiled, and Steve took that as his final push to leave.
He closed the door behind him, pulling out his phone and sending a quick text to Natasha to let her know he was on his way.
As he made his way past the trailers, he couldn’t help but feel relief at Bucky’s recovery. He didn’t know what it was that set him off, but he was infinitely glad it hadn’t resulted in any serious harm this time.
Maybe, if he was careful, he might get to know what it was that set Bucky off, and then he could help to mitigate it in the future.
Despite Bucky’s reluctance, Steve really wanted to help.
  
    Chapter Text
    Some nights, when the weather was right and the by-laws allowed it, a few of them would set up little campfires and gather around, enjoying the night before the next day’s acts.
Tonight was one of those nights, and Bucky sat bundled up in a sweater, enjoying the warmth of the flames.
It made a good end to their nail-painting party earlier, coming out here and seeing the glow of the fire reflected in their freshly painted nails.
It was exactly what Bucky had needed after the mess that had been the cafe, and then his subsequent crash afterwards.
He tried so hard to avoid kids, and yet he always got one every now and then. And the problem was that he couldn’t say no to them. He couldn’t say no to anybody, but it was children that he so desperately wished he could say it to. It was the one thing he’d give anything to change.
Anyone but a kid, he’d prayed too many times to count.
He’d take anyone but a kid.
It was always harrowing when they showed up, and each and every time he prayed nothing would happen. That it would just be a normal read- hell, he’d even take a bad read where he walked away bloody and they walked away traumatized.
Because at least they got to walk away.
He was just glad this time had turned out fine, like all the times before. He knew one day it wouldn’t, but with all his heart and soul he prayed there was never a child there when it happened.
So yes, tonight’s nail painting had been a much needed stress relief.
Steve had taken to the lesson well, his artistry coming in handy when applying the coatings. Bucky had especially liked how Steve described the process.
“It’s like a sandwich” he said, holding Sharon’s hand in his own as he applied the base coat like they’d instructed. “You got the bottom coat like the bread, then the polish is the middle filling, and then the top coat is the other slice”
“Well try not to get any bread on my skin, Mr. Sandwich Artist” Sharon chuckled, amused at the description.
Bucky hadn’t let Steve paint his nails- he’d delegated that task to Sharon, letting her use him as the example.
His hands were a sensitive subject- necessary for his craft, yes, but also tools of his imprisonment. The thought of leaving them in the care of someone else was frightening enough, but giving them over to Steve? Out of the question.
The other way around, however, was a different story. Maybe it was a little indulgent, but when Steve asked which of them would be doing his nails, Bucky had been quick on the draw to volunteer.
He’d also had to subtly kick Sharon under the table at her poorly hidden smirk, knowing full-well what she was saying with her eyes.
He didn’t have a type.
It had been a mix of intimate and awkward, not helped by Sharon’s pointed remarks that had Steve downright blushing. Bucky wouldn’t be surprised if she sported a set of bruises on her shins by how many times Bucky had to retaliate.
By the end of the evening, the three of them had come away with freshly painted nails: Bucky with his usual deep red, Sharon with a glittery aquamarine, and Steve with his subtle-but-not-too-subtle pastel blue.
The evening had been nice, and the three- in true nail-painting party fashion- had indulged in snacks and gossip.
Steve, surprisingly, turned out to be a juicy source. All that time spent around the burlesque crew, both on and off-set, put him right in the middle of some of the most interesting drama. Stolen heels and destroyed wigs. Retaliations and revenge. Surface level pettiness and deep-seated rivalries.
Even Sharon, who was in a fairly family-friendly act herself, wasn’t privy to all of it. She tried prying the more salacious details out of Steve, though he was reticent to give up anything too compromising.
Who was cheating on who? Who’d stolen who’s lover? Who’d professed their undying love this week?
She’d gotten no further than the fact that Steve did know the information, but he wouldn’t give it up.
Bucky supposed that was a good thing. He didn’t exactly want today’s earlier panic attack getting out to his friends, let alone the carnival in general. This just solidified that Steve could keep a secret when it mattered.
It had been a good evening, all things considered. Too close of a call with the kid earlier, but ultimately nothing had come of it except a ruined afternoon.
And now here they were, Steve, Sharon and Bucky sitting at one of the three campfires currently going, a handful of others joined as well.
There was revelry in the air as people did bits of their act for the amusement of their friends. A duo were juggling pins with the fire between them, giggling like school children. Clint was taking part in a challenge to do flips over another fire, the group of acrobats laughing and daring the next one to go.
Bucky’s fire was a bit more subdued, the group less acrobatically-inclined and opting for stories and tales. Bucky piped in with this week’s story of a wife who’d come to confirm her cheating husband, the incensed woman tipping him an extra ten to confirm it was the secretary.
Steve even joined in on the fun, finally having his own amusing stories to tell- or complain about.
“The kid’s five, let him have a butterfly on his face!” he groused in annoyance.
“Some parent’s don’t like that sort of stuff” Sharon said sympathetically. “I can’t tell you how many little boys get pulled away from my tank and told to go up to the wolfman”
“Yeah, but his dad tried to get me to paint his face like a skull, and the kid couldn’t have wanted that less! I had to talk him down to a dog”
“We get all sorts of folks, not all are so great” Dugan said sadly, then took a sip of his beer.
“I know” Steve said dejectedly, slouching further into his seat.
“But hey, look of the bright side” Morita piped in. “You got to sneak that butterfly on his wrist. Kid’s remember stuff like that, and it makes a difference”
A small smile played on Steve’s lips. “Yeah, he seemed pretty happy with it”
And so they went around the circle, taking turns telling more tales. The hour started to grow late, and more and more people headed off to bed, getting rested for the start of the weekend tomorrow.
Bucky was feeling restless, however, and his earlier nap had only served to stave off his sleepiness at this late hour. He figured he’d man the flames until they went out, bidding the others goodnight as they took their leave.
All except Steve, who stayed behind.
“Not tired?” Bucky asked, reaching for the stick leaning against his seat and poking at the logs.
Steve shrugged. “Not yet anyway. I guess I’m kinda excited to be sleeping in a new trailer later, which is ironic if you think about it”
Bucky chuckled. “Just be careful when you head back- if you wake Loki, you won’t hear the end of it ‘til morning”
Steve gave him a wry grin in return. “I’ll be careful”
They lapsed into silence then, just watching the flames and listening to the crackle of the wood.
“Hey, so- earlier,” Steve started, and Bucky felt his stomach drop. What about earlier? Did he mean the nail painting, or the stuff before that?
“At the cafe,” he continued, and Bucky’s spine went cold. “Is that why you have the No Children sign at your tent?”
He swallowed, thinking how to answer that. Did he go for honesty? Did he double-down on his semi-truth, that the cards could be inappropriate? One of the cards of her spread had been The Devil, and the art sure as hell hadn’t been age-appropriate.
“You, uh, don’t have to answer that” Steve backtracked quickly, rubbing at the back of his neck with a grimace. “Sorry, that was rude. I just, it looked like… nevermind. Forget I said anything”
“Sure” Bucky said, the word tasting like ash in his mouth. The question had been thrown out there, however, and it still hung heavy between them.
There was a small group still out at one of the other fires, but otherwise it was just the two of them, alone and about as private as they could get.
Did he tell him? Did he tell him about more than just his deal with kids?
Bucky looked out across the flames, where Steve sat opposite of him. He had his eyes downcast, like he was mesmerized by the glow. Shadows danced on his face, making him look pensive.

  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.

At your will, meaning Steve held the power of his fate.
Knowledge was power.
But was it the good kind? Would knowing about Bucky, about the cards, save Bucky from his doom? Or would it ensure his end?
Bucky thumbed the cards in his pocket.
He wanted to take fate into his own hands, didn’t he? Level the playing field, make Steve want to help him. Foreknowledge was forewarned and all that jazz.
Bucky swallowed down the bad feeling he had, pushing ahead with what was likely going to be a stupid idea.
He pushed past it and stood from his chair, making his way towards Steve.
Making his way towards his fated doom.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky made his way around the fire, joining Steve at the seat next to him. The other man had tracked his movements, watching curiously as Bucky came over.
“So, about earlier” Bucky started, then stopped. How did he even begin?
“You don’t have to” Steve said, an apologetic look on his face. “It’s not my business”
Bucky shook his head, “No, I wanna” he said. “I just…”
Steve didn’t push him when he fell back into silence, and Bucky opted to stare at the fire rather than look at the man beside him, thinking over how he wanted to go about this.
“I get anxious” Steve started out of nowhere, and Bucky looked over to him.
“Or, stage fright might be a better term” he clarified. “And it’s not just stages; I have trouble at bars or crowded restaurants. If there’s too many people who can look at me, I get… I don’t know how to describe it, but it’s like I can feel them watching me. Happens at grocery stores sometimes, too”
Bucky raised his brow. “And you decided to join a carnival?”
Steve laughed deprecatingly. “Yeah, sounds crazy, right? It’s sorta different here though- there’s so much going on, I don’t feel like people spare me a second glance. Not when there’s someone breathing fire or lifting a motorcycle”
Bucky nodded, understanding. “Other people take the pressure off by being weirder than you”
“Something like that” he chuckled, poking at the grass with his foot. “But the thing is, I still feel it sometimes. When I’m in the big top, just looking at the stage… even when there’s nobody there, I just- I can’t help but imagine what it’s like to be up there, and then I get all nervous.
“I think Natasha’s picked up on it, ‘cause she doesn’t send me up there too much anymore, but I still gotta go sometimes. Move some props and stuff, and it ain’t great”
Bucky gave a tight smile, nodding in sympathy. He understood what Steve was doing- sharing his own weirdness in an attempt to make things more equal between them. To show Bucky he wasn’t the only one with problems, and it was okay to share.
It was a nice thought, and Bucky could appreciate that, but his issue was far different- and arguably worse- than simple stage fright.
“So yeah” Steve finished lamely, looking back to the fire. “Probably not the worst problem anyone could have,” he acknowledged, echoing Bucky’s thoughts, “but just- I get it. Some things you can’t help. I won’t judge or nothing”
Bucky clasped his hands together, rubbing them nervously. See, Steve said he wouldn’t judge, and that may very well be true, but Bucky’s story…
Nobody just took him at face value- and if they did, it rarely turned out good.
Yet here he was, debating sharing his sordid tale. Taking a gamble with his life, either dooming or saving it with this act- or maybe this would come out a net neutral, and wouldn’t effect a thing. Who knew where this would lead?
Certainly not Bucky.
He took a deep breath, bracing himself. He kept his gaze on the fire, not trusting himself to keep going if he saw a look of realization on Steve’s face. The one people made when they thought, oh, you’re CRAZY crazy.
“When I was eight years old,” Bucky started, “My aunt took me to see this psychic”
His parents had been out of town- for what, he couldn’t recall- and left him and Becca in the care of their aunt. She was an odd character, someone who Bucky would now call a ‘believer in the mystic arts’, or maybe an extreme homeopath- but at the time, he and his sister had just thought she was a witch.
Her apartment had been loaded with crystals and incense and other esoteric items. He and Becca had been fascinated with it all, treating her apartment like a miniature museum where they were allowed to touch some of the shiny rocks.
On that particular day, they’d been out for a walk in the park, when on the way back their aunt had taken them on a detour.
It just so happened, this day fell on her weekly appointment with the local psychic.
Local, being he lived one block over in the basement apartment of a tenement. There’d been a little neon sign at the window reading FORTUNE TELLER, and that was all that was needed, it seemed.
Bucky understood now that once you got yourself a decent base of regulars, you didn’t need to advertise- they just came to you religiously, more dedicated than certain church-goers.
Especially when the cards never failed to be right.
The place had been dark-lit with electric candles and salt lamps, shelves of crystals with price tags on every wall. There’d been a few chairs set out like a waiting room, and several of them were occupied with customers who’d come early, awaiting their turn.
Aunt Jill was more practical, however, and she showed up at her allotted time, her niece and nephew in tow.
“It’ll just be a few minutes” she’d said, taking them along with her into the back room.
“His name was Arnim Zola, but he called himself ‘The Clairvoyant Doctor Zola’” Bucky said bitterly, remembering the weaselly little man with his rounded glasses and his cold gaze. His ugly, blunted nails as they laid out the cards.
“He did tarot readings, and my aunt just loved having her fortune read every week. This was the first time she’d brought me and my sister along though” Bucky went on. “He did her reading as usual, but when he finished-”
At this, Bucky paused to swallow, remembering the look in Zola’s eye. A predatory look, one filled with a desperate kind of fervour that grew more nightmarish every time Bucky remembered it, distorted with time.
“When he finished, he offered to do a reading for me and my sister. Free of charge”
He understood now, why that was. A while afterwards, when he’d asked his aunt about it, she said he did all his first readings for free. Doing it in hopes that someone like Bucky would come along.
Hoping that someone else would take the curse off him, even as he worked to study them.
But it was never that straight-forward.
“I went first” he said, and then stopped, needing another moment.
He always wondered at that. Wondered what would have happened if Becca had gone first, and not him. Would she have gotten the cards instead? Would it be her sitting here now, forced into this life to scrounge along as the only means of survival?
He’d never know.
But still, he always wondered.
“He set the deck out in front of me,” Bucky continued after his pause, “and he told me to ask a question, then draw the first card”
Bucky pulled out his deck then, taking it out of his pocket. “You know what I drew?” he asked Steve rhetorically, pulling out the first card of the deck.
It showed a man in Bucky’s likeness, chained under a sky of red stars.
Steve furrowed his brow as he looked at the card in the light of the dying fire. “Which card it that?”
“The Prisoner” Bucky answered, then put the card back.
“The thing is” he went on, looking back at the fire, “The Prisoner isn’t one of the Major Arcana- that’s the trump cards in the deck. There’s twenty-two in total, and then you have the fifty-six Minor Arcana that make up the suit cards.
“The Prisoner is a unique card to this deck” he said, tapping the cards in his hand. “And it only shows up for one person- the owner of the cards. The Prisoner is me”
“Is that… bad?” Steve asked, and Bucky almost laughed at the question.
“You could say that” he said with a bitter grin. “The thing about this deck-” he said, holding it up between his fingers, “-is that it’s cursed. And Zola, that bastard, passed it on to me that day”
He didn’t remember every detail- it was so long ago now- but he could recall the moment the deck took hold with perfect clarity.
He’d naively reached out and touched the top card- that, he knew, was what really got him- and then it started.
It felt like an invisible bear trap had closed over his hand then, and he’d cried out in pain. The force mirrored itself a moment later on his other hand, dragging it forward to take hold of the card so that he held it in both hands, forced to pull it and reveal the other side.
The card he’d drawn showed a weaselly little pig-faced man with round spectacles, almost a twisted version of the fortune teller in the seat across from him. He was shackled down and dour looking, a sky full of red stars above him.
Then, before Bucky’s very eyes, the card started to change. The pig-faced man shifted and shrunk down, brown hair sprouting from his bald head, until Bucky saw himself- a young boy, crying out in agony.
Shackled under a sky full of red stars.
Zola, meanwhile, had started to grin, watching the transformation with sick delight.
He’d laughed too, a disgusting, awful noise. Bucky was sure his aunt had started to make some kind of fuss, but that was overshadowed by the worst pain he’d ever experienced in his life, along with the terrifying sight of blood welling up through his cut skin as razor-thin cords sliced into him, so deep it felt like it had cut to the bone.
Familiar now; but new, then.
His aunt had carried him out at some point, just hefted his bawling form into her arms and taken him outside, where she called an ambulance.
The ensuing ride to the hospital was a blur, and his memories didn’t quite pick up until later, when at some point the doctors had stitched and bandaged his wrists.
What he remembered most, though was how the deck of cards had been there with him, sitting on the pillow by his head. The red star glaring at him, as crimson as the blood it had drawn.
“Ever since then, I’ve been stuck with this deck” he said, waggling the cards in his hand. “It forces me to do readings- if somebody asks for one, I have to do it, no matter what” he explained. “And if I go to long without doing a reading… well, let’s just say it gets pretty ugly”
An understatement, but he didn’t want to get too into that. It had been years since he’d last had that issue anyways- the carnival provided for all his needs, in more ways than one.
“And then there’s the bad reads too” he went on. “See, it’s not enough that I have to do the readings- the cards have a, uh-” Bucky clucked, thinking of an appropriate word, “-an inclination to misfortune. The more suffering the better, and I get dragged through shit for it” he said, then held out his wrists pointedly before setting them down in his lap.
“The worst thing, though” he said, voice turning grave, “is that one day, I’m going to pass these on to someone else. And the thought- the thought of, of doing that to a kid-”
Bucky had to stop then, his voice warbling too much. Even saying it aloud had his heart beating fast in fear.
His life had been ruined by these cards. His whole childhood ripped away.
He couldn’t do that to someone else. An adult, fine; but not a kid. Anything but that.
They fell back into a heavy silence, a thick discomfort between them. Or at least, that’s how Bucky felt. He finally chanced a glance to Steve, who was looking at him with dumb perplexity, like he didn’t know what to make with any of it.
Bucky smiled ruefully. “You don’t believe me” he said. It wasn’t a question.
“No, it’s not that I don’t believe you, just…”
Bucky snorted resentfully, looking to the fire. “Let me guess: you believe that I believe all that. Yeah, heard that before”
“No! It’s just- that’s a lot for me to process is all” Steve said, and if that wasn’t the lamest lie.
Bucky sucked on his teeth, looking down at the cards in his hand. Yeah, he should’ve expected this. Who’d take Bucky at his word? It all sounded like a crazy story.
Then he looked to the fire, and idea forming.
“Alright. You wanna see something then?” he asked, a challenge in his voice.
“You don’t have to-”
“No no, I’ll show you” he interrupted, holding up the deck. He looked Steve dead in the eye, making sure he had his full attention.
He wanted proof? Bucky could give him proof.
“You know how many cards are in this deck?”
Steve blinked. “Uh…”
“Seventy-nine” Bucky supplied. Twenty-two Major Arcana, fifty-six Minor Arcana.
And of course, The Prisoner.
Bucky pulled a card from the deck, and then tossed it into the flames.
“How many cards in the deck now?” he asked.
“… Seventy-eight?”
Bucky pulled two now, and tossed them in the flames. They both saw the cards alight and curl as the fire turned them to ash.
“Now?”
“Seventy-six” Steve said, catching on.
Bucky pulled five out of the deck this time, counting them out and throwing them into the flames. Then another five, and another, and another.
He had Steve give the new total each time.
“And how many now?” Bucky asked.
“Twenty-one”
“Alright”
Bucky held out the deck and started counting out the cards, moving them from his hand to a new pile in his lap. He counted them aloud, laying each one down one-by-one.
He could see the look of confusion when he hit number twenty-two, and still had plenty of cards left to go, but Steve didn’t interrupt. Bucky went on, counting out the cards until he hit seventy-nine.
“Huh” Steve said, looking down at the deck in Bucky’s lap.
“Here, I’ll do another” Bucky said then, because why not. He held up the deck. “How many cards?”
“Seventy-nine?” Steve answered.
“Correct” Bucky smiled, then tossed the whole thing into the flames.
The two of them watched as the fire flared up at the new kindling, the paper catching fast. In no time at all, the entire deck was reduced to black dust.
“How many cards in the deck now?” Bucky asked.
Steve looked at him like he sensed it was a trick question, but he answered anyway.
“None”
Bucky reached into his pocket. “Wrong” he said, and pulled out the deck. “Seventy-nine” he corrected, holding the whole and unscathed deck between his fingers.
“Huh” Steve said, eyeing the deck curiously, and Bucky felt the bit of hope he’d been holding die.
“You still don’t believe me” he said, feeling crestfallen.
Steve looked at him then, realizing the tone he’d used. “No, no, I do-”
“It’s fine” Bucky cut in bitterly, tucking the cards away. “My family didn’t either- they put me in a psych ward- can you believe that?” he bit out. “They threw around a lot of terms there: obsessive-compulsive, delusional, anxious, psychotic- I’m sure one of those fits into your idea of me, go ahead and take your pick” he said harshly, standing up.
Steve reached a hand out, but stopped before he actually touched. “Bucky wait, I didn’t mean to-”
“Forget it, this was a bad idea” Bucky said, walking away with his hands tucked in his sweater pockets. He felt the deck in one of them, and threw it to the ground in his annoyance. He felt angry tears welling up in his eyes, and he quickly wiped them away with his sleeve.
“Bucky, wait!” Steve called from behind him, but he kept on walking until he disappeared into the dark of the trailers, leaving the campfires behind.
That was a stupid idea, he thought, feeling anger- mostly at himself. Why did he think any of that would work?
At least Steve didn’t want to use him for personal gains. The disbelief he could handle- they could just go on pretending everything was fine, and Steve would just walk around thinking Bucky was insane. That was fucking fine.
Whatever.
Bucky sniffled, reaching his trailer and going in.
The lights were off, and he heard Clint’s light snore coming from the other side. Bucky quickly changed into his pyjamas, tossing his clothes carelessly on the floor. He’d deal with it tomorrow, before he went out and started his shift for the weekend.
He crawled into bed, crinkling his nose as the cards poked him in the face from where they’d been lying on the pillow.
Pissed, he threw them to the floor, then turned around, knowing full well they’d reappeared on the bed next to the pillow this time.
He had plenty of experience knowing where they’d show up after being tossed.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve’s breath puffed in the cool morning air, his legs hitting the grass with a steady thup-thup that was mirrored by his jogging partner.
“Hey, can I ask you something?” Steve asked as they ran.
“I’ve never liked that” Loki replied, keeping his gaze ahead of them. “‘Can I ask you something?’, what kind of a question is that? By definition you already have, and I have no way of knowing what your actual question really is, and therefore can’t make an informed choice if I want to hear it or not”
If Steve had the breath for it, he’d sigh.
“Let me rephrase” he said. “I have a problem I’d like your take on. Are you inclined to help me?”
“What, while we run?”
“That was the general idea”
“Really, you couldn’t have picked a better venue? I hardly have breath to keep up with this chatter, and you want me to waste more of it on your problems?”
“Yes or no, Loki” Steve said impatiently. They only had another three laps before Loki called quits and left Steve alone to finish his own exercise, and he knew for a fact the other man would cut short a conversation for lesser reasons.
“Yes, alright” he chaffed. “Tell me what ails your troubled soul”
Always with the words, Steve thought sarcastically.
“So I have a friend”
“Fascinating”
“Let me finish- I have a friend, and we were starting to get along, but then he told me a… personal secret, and I didn’t react the best”
“Showed your disgust outwardly, did you?”
“No!” Steve shot back quickly, “Nothing like that- I just, I sorta implied I didn’t… respect him, I guess. But I do respect him! I was just caught off-guard”
“Ah, but now he thinks you think very little of him, when you in fact do not”
“Exactly”
“A predicament to be sure” Loki mused. “How to tell someone you respect them when they think you don’t? It’s not so easy”
“Yeah, that’s my problem. Do you have any advice?”
“Well, without knowing the context of this so-called secret, I would say this is something you would need to have a conversation on. Otherwise the only way you can truly show someone you respect them is through your actions- though knowing our dear Buchanan, he’s not one to hold a grudge. I would say your chances at reconciliation are fairly high”
“Thanks, I- wait, how did you know I was talking about Bucky?”
“Oh please” Loki scoffed. “You practically shouted after him the other night- people heard. I got news of it before I even had my breakfast”
“And you didn’t say anything?”
“Steven, I can’t be entangling myself in every petty grievance I hear of. I hardly have the time of day. And if that will be all, this will conclude my run” he said, suddenly slowing to a walk and falling behind.
Steve was almost tempted to stop as well, but he wouldn’t get much more in before Loki finished his cool-down and headed for the showers.
So instead Steve pushed on ahead, picking up the pace that he’d originally slowed to stay in-line with Loki. Now that it was just him, he could really kick loose.
Exercise at the carnival was interesting. They didn’t have an official gym so much as a small collection of exercise equipment that they put in an open space- most of which was circus-geared. A lot of balance beams and bars, or exercise balls that people mostly used for more balance practice.
Dum Dum Dugan at least had a set of weights he used both for genuine exercise and for his actual act, and he was kind enough to let Steve have a go at them.
As for cardio, there was always a wide perimeter around the carnival ground he could lap, and he wasn’t alone. A fair deal of the burlesque crew had similar ideas about their exercise, and Steve had ended up joining Loki on his runs- the initial ones, at least. It seemed Steve’s regiment was far more involved than anyone else, and he always finished last with at least three extra laps than the next person.
As he ran alone, he took the opportunity to think over Loki’s words.

  Have a conversation.

It couldn’t be that easy, could it?
The part of Steve that was an actual adult said yes.
Oh, but that look Bucky had given him the other night. Like heartbreak and fear and anger all rolled into one. If he could go back and fix it he would, but it was already done.
He was being honest when he said it all took him by surprise.
A cursed deck.
Bucky was right when he said Steve believed that Bucky believed it- of that he was sure. But did Steve believe it?
He didn’t know. It was all too crazy- but then, what about that trick he’d shown Steve at the fire?
His sleeves had been rolled down, and at first Steve had thought it was just a magic trick- a sleight of the hand, replacing the cards he burned with new one hidden on his body.
Except Bucky didn’t think that’s what he was doing at all.

  A magic deck of cards.

Steve couldn’t quite grasp it. Magic wasn’t real- it just wasn’t. How could Bucky expect him to believe that, when it went against everything Steve knew of the world?
It was too big to think on, and admittedly, a magic deck was more easily explained away with one of the many disorders Bucky had thrown at him- he’d even admitted that he’d been in a mental institution as a child.
Hell, everyone he spoke to, Sharon and Clint included, always implied it was a mental issue. Nothing to be ashamed of, of course, and easily accepted in a place like this- but still there nonetheless.
Bucky just seemed so sure it was real, and Steve didn’t want to dismiss that as nothing. This was important to Bucky, and he couldn’t treat it like a joke. Had never intended to.
So he finished his final lap, thinking over how he wanted to broach the subject. First in order was an apology, obviously, but then what? Just tell Bucky he didn’t believe it, but respected his beliefs?
These weren’t beliefs though- Bucky himself admitted it was a curse, at least to him. Not a religion or practice, but something awful that he lived with everyday. Steve couldn’t just say he respected that, it would be beyond patronizing.
He slowed to a walk, breath coming fast as he pondered.

  Have a conversation.

Okay, but how?
He wished Loki weren’t so mercurial- he could really use more advice.
As he slowed to a walk, he kept mulling it over.
It was a weekend, and he’d have plenty of time to think while he worked. He just hoped he actually thought of something.
 

 
By the end of the night, Steve felt he’d figured out how to talk to Bucky.
Mostly.
With how busy the weekend was, between his art during the day and helping with the burlesque in the evening, Steve didn’t get much chance to see Bucky as of yet, and the other man didn’t make much effort to be available to him anyway.
But it was the last show of the night, and Steve could finally step away. He also knew for a fact that Bucky was on shift right now, and that there wasn’t likely to be any customers for a good hour until the show closed.
And maybe it was a little underhanded to find Bucky while he was working, but it was also the earliest opportunity Steve could manage, and he didn’t want to let the issue between them fester.
So he braced himself, and went up to the fortune telling tent, ducking under the curtain.
“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and- oh. Hey” Bucky said, dropping his mystical voice for something flat.
“Hey” Steve greeted awkwardly. “Mind if I sit?”
Bucky seemed to consider it for a moment, then nodded, motioning for the chair.
“Thanks” Steve said, taking a seat. He went to put his hands on the table, then thought better of it and put them in his lap instead.
“So, feel free to tell me to leave at any point, but, ah, I’d like to talk to you about what happened. If that’s okay”
“Why?” Bucky asked, loosely shuffling the cards in his hands.
“Well, I- I’d like to make things right, if you’ll give me a chance”
Bucky considered that for another moment, before sighing, his shoulders falling. “Alright” he said reluctantly, then motioned for Steve to go ahead, like he had the floor.
“So, firstly- I’m sorry. You shared something big, and I acted dismissive about it, and that wasn’t right. I didn’t mean to, but I was caught by surprise and didn’t really think- and you didn’t deserve that, so. I’m sorry” he said.
Bucky exhaled tiredly, frowning, though he didn’t seem upset. “No, you’re right. I had some time to think about it and… I sorta sprung that on you fast. I didn’t really think it through either”
Steve gave an understanding smile, feeling hopeful. So far so good. Now the harder part.
“Don’t worry about it- you were sharing something important, and I’m really thankful that you trusted me enough to do that”
Bucky grimaced like he didn’t quite agree with that sentiment, but he didn’t comment otherwise.
“But with that said, I want to… I guess, be honest with you.
“I don’t want to be patronizing or lie- but I don’t fully know if I believe what you said or not. It was a lot to take in, and I still don’t know how I feel about it- but what I do know-” he emphasized, “- is that this doesn’t change the way I see you or think about you.
“No matter what the case is, this is obviously something that makes your life difficult, and I believe that wholeheartedly. I also think you’re incredibly strong for dealing with it everyday, and I have nothing but respect for you”
Steve finished there, taking a breath after having said most of that in one go.
Bucky put down the cards, pinching the bridge of his nose.
“How do you do this?”
Steve frowned. “Sorry?”
“You just-” he made a frustrated noise, “You’re so nice. Now I feel like the jerk even though you’re apologizing to me”
Oh, that wasn’t Steve’s intention at all. “No, no, you didn’t do anything-”
“I know I didn’t do anything wrong!” Bucky bit out, then sighed, shoulders sagging. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you. This is just…”
“Yeah”
Not an easy conversation.
Steve looked down at the cards then, a sense of unease overtaking him at the sight. All those blood-red stars looking up at him- it wasn’t a wholesome sight, he’d say that.
“So, these cards” Steve said, and Bucky looked at him with cautious eyes. “Can you- tell me more about them? If that’s okay?”
“Why, wanna hear just how crazy I am?”
“I don’t think you’re crazy” Steve said seriously- because he didn’t. Bucky was a lot of things, but crazy didn’t make the list.
“But you don’t believe me- sorry, you don’t believe the curse is real” he corrected quickly, and Steve winced. Bucky had been so resentful at that- at the thought that people believed he was delusional.
Steve’s lips thinned, but he had to be truthful. You didn’t lie to someone you respected.
“I can’t honestly say I’m fully on-board; it’s a lot to take in. But like I said- whatever this is, it makes your life harder, and on that I fully believe you”
Bucky sighed, picking the cards back up and shuffling them. “Well, it’s not the worst I’ve gotten” he admitted. “And I guess maybe that’s a good thing; the people who do believe me get kinda… clingy”
“Clingy?”
“The law might call them stalkers”
“Oh”
“Yeah. A lot of them are businessmen too. Lot of Wall Street types. I’ve probably made a couple of them millionaires before the carnival helped get them off my back”
Steve raised a brow at that. “Really?”
Bucky shrugged “The cards are always right, so if you ask what stocks will have the biggest returns, you’re in for a big payout”
“Have they ever been wrong?”
“Never” Bucky said, then winced a little. “But they can be vague, and you can interpret them wrong. And some people are dense- they believe what they wanna believe no matter what the cards actually say”
Steve nodded, taking that in. “And these readings- you have to do them, right?”
“Yep. Guaranteed reads whether I want to or not, and once I start I can’t stop ‘til its done. I try not to advertise that though; bad for business” he said with bitter sarcasm.
“I’d imagine” Steve smiled cheerlessly.
Bucky looked down at his hands, still shuffling. “Yeah, well, I don’t get stiffed too often- helps when you ask for payment upfront”
They fell into a silence, the only sound the shiff of the cards.
“And you can’t get rid of them?” he asked after a long moment.
“You saw them at the fire”
“Yeah, but- that wasn’t some kind of trick, right? The cards just… show up?”
“On me, when they can. I can never leave them more than two feet at any given time”
“And they just… disappear from where they last were?” Steve asked hesitantly. He thought again of the blank table, twice now when Steve had found the cards missing a moment after he turned his back to them.
“Yep. But only when nobody’s looking” Bucky said, then cut the deck in three, flipping the middle cut between his palms in a flashier move. “They’re not always subtle about it though. Not sure if they really care”
Steve frowned, pondering that. It could still all be explained away with magic- the close-up kind, with quick handwork and hidden mechanism.
There were also the thin strings Steve had caught sight off- brief flashes, and then gone in the blink of an eye. He wasn’t knowledgeable enough in magic to know how all the tricks worked, but it had looked like Bucky had been using some kind of string-apparatus.
Steve didn’t believe Bucky was purposely fooling him- it was about the only thing he was sure of- but could he be doing these magic acts without himself knowing? A kind of willful unawareness where his own mind played tricks on him? The way he flipped the cards so effortlessly and without much thought- could the same be said for even more complex moves?
It was possible, and it explained a lot. Steve had heard of weirder stories, like multiple personalities living entire double-lives and such.
Whatever the case was here, it didn’t change anything.
“So you had these since you were a kid? And what about that other fortune teller? Zolta? You never saw him again?”
“Zola” Bucky corrected, then huffed. “He died the day after- brain aneurysm. I don’t know if the cards did that to him or if they just know when someone’s time is up and jump ship. Guess I’ll never know until I die”
Steve shivered at that. “Well I hope that’s not anytime soon”
Bucky gave him a small smile at that. “You and me both”
“But anyway-” he went on, “I had them since I was eight. They followed me everywhere I went, forced me to do readings when I hardly even knew what they meant. I tried telling my parents, but I was only a kid, so they thought I was making it up. Thought I was just really attached to the cards, or, you know, traumatized from Zola and was using them to cope or something.
“I think my aunt maybe believed me, but my parents never let me see her much after the day I got them. My sister believed me for a while, but it started to grow old when we hit our teens, and by then just about everyone thought I was crazy”
Bucky sounded bitter again, shuffling the cards with more force. “Called me Batshit Bucky in school, until my parents pulled me out when I had a real bad read. Doctors thought I might die- I never do though, so you don’t gotta worry about that. The card don’t let you go that easily” he said sardonically.
Steve heart tore. “God, Bucky…”
Bucky shrugged. “It is what it is. And the loony bin ain’t so bad compared to that. Nobody makes fun of you for your weirdness, and I actually made a few friends there. It was really just boring, but peaceful at least” Bucky said, sounding almost wistful- until he suddenly turned solemn. “It didn’t last too long though. When I was seventeen, I ran away from the place”
Bucky looked down at his hands, avoiding Steve’s gaze.
“The doc they had me seeing kept trying to separate me from the cards. He was nice about it too, wanted to do some exposure therapy or something. Just spend a few minutes away from them at a time, that kinda thing. Problem was, no matter how tightly he locked the cards away, I always got them back.
“Took about four months for him to realize the cards were the real-deal, and then he started making me do readings for him”
Bucky sent the cards flying between his hands, the flutter of the papers sounding like a hiss now.
“After a while I realized things were getting worse for me. The doc had been using me to get lottery numbers, and that attracted attention. Pretty soon I started getting ‘visitors’, and they weren’t all so nice. So after a while of that, I decided to get out of there”
Steve listened attentively, feeling dismay at what Bucky had gone through as a child. He wished there was something he could do, but he better than anyone knew there wasn’t much to be done for the past.
“Spent some years on the street- wasn’t easy with the cards. Before I at least had my family or the folks in the ward I could do readings for. Strangers not so much. Sometimes I’d go over a week without a read, and it got… bad. Other times the Wall Street guys would find me, and suddenly I couldn’t get a break from it until I packed up and left.
“But I’m here now. I got the carnival” Bucky said, actually smiling at that. “And it works for me. I do regular readings on my own terms, and nobody gets weird about it. I really lucked out. So yeah” Bucky finished. “That’s pretty much me”
“I- wow” Steve said, at a loss for words. It was quite a story, and almost a familiar one at that. “God, that sounds awful- what you had to go through”
Bucky shrugged again. “It is what it is” his dismissed, and more succinct words couldn’t be said.
“I, well uh, I was homeless too, for a while”
Bucky looked up in surprise at that. “You? But aren’t you some big-shot designer or something? Sharon said you had a degree”
Steve nodded. “I do, but I didn’t start that way. When I was fifteen, my ma… she died” he said softly, feeling a dull ache at that. It had been years, but the hurt never quite left, though its edges smoothed over.
“Oh shit, I’m sorry”
“It is what it is” Steve said with a sad grin, parroting Bucky’s words, earning a condolence-laden smile in return.
“But yeah, she passed, and it was just me an’ her, so after that I had to move in with my uncle- though he was more my uncle-in-law. Sharon’s dad”
“Oh. Yeah, I’ve heard some things about him” Bucky said distastefully, and it was good to know Sharon had no qualms sharing the asshole’s infamy.
“Mm” Steve hummed in agreement, saving his own thoughts on the matter. “Well, that lasted all of a year, and barely that. I couldn’t stand the guy, and he couldn’t stand me- but more so, he hated that I was gay.
“I found out he planned to send me to a conversion camp- I was still a minor at the time, and he technically had guardianship over me, so it was all legal. We really got into it then, a real bad shouting match, and he laid out my options: I could go to the camp, or I could get out of his house.
“You can probably take a guess at which one I picked” Steve said wryly, and Bucky snorted.
“So you hit the road?” Bucky asked.
“In a way; see, my ma didn’t have much, but she left me some of her savings, and her car. Both were under my name. I was too young to access the money, and, you know, didn’t have a license, but I’d been practicing for it.
“On the day of that fight, I packed up all my things and went to get the car out of the storage lot- I was damn lucky the attendant felt bad enough to look the other way. I put everything I owned in there and drove off. Lived that way for five years while I got my GED and then worked my way through college”
“You did all that at fifteen?”
Steve chuckled. “I was what people called a ‘ballsy little shit’ in the day”
“You? No offence or nothin’, but you don’t seem like the type” Bucky laughed lightly.
Steve rubbed his neck, giving a self-consciously grin. “Yeah, I kinda mellowed out since then, but I used to be a little spitfire. ‘Bout five-foot-nothing and thin as a stick, plus I was loud-and-proud and all that. Put me on just about every bully’s radar. Can’t count how many times I got beat up in school”
Bucky whistled. “Goddamn. You really did something with yourself, huh?” he said, eyes running down Steve’s body before quickly jumping back to his cards when he realized what he’d just said.
Steve only laughed, feeling his cheeks heat. “Yeah, sorta hit a growth spurt while working a warehouse gig. And maybe got into running a bit too much. Then after all that I sorta got into fitness once I got my own place” Steve explained.
The shift had been gradual, but there was no denying the change when the once-adequate car became too small for him to comfortably sleep in. It was around there that he found a dirt-cheap apartment and started moving up in the world.
“Well, it uh, worked out for you” Bucky chuckled nervously, ruffling the cards between his hands again.
Steve sensed another awkward silence coming on, and decided to head it off before it got any more uncomfortable.
“So, are we okay?” Steve asked, not completely sure where they stood. He felt this talk had gone well, but maybe Bucky needed more space.
He didn’t have to fear, however, as Bucky gave him a kind smile. “Yeah, we’re good”
“Good, that’s- good” Steve said, beaming happily.
They’d had a conversation and, miracle of miracles, they’d worked it out. More than that, he’d venture, but he didn’t want to get his hopes too high just yet.
Behind him, Steve heard the tell-tale sounds of guests starting to come out of the big top, a growing din as people gushed over the evening’s show.
“I should probably head out” Steve said, getting up from his chair. “It sounds like you’re about to get the night rush”
“Yeah, don’t wanna lose out on those drunk tips” Bucky grinned.
“So I guess I’ll see you later?”
“Yeah. See ya”
Bucky sent him off with a smile and a little wave, and Steve exited into the cool night feeling lighter than ever.
It was a lot, hearing what Bucky had to say about the cards. They sounded like a burden, and Steve couldn’t imagine what it must be like to live like that. To be forced into this life, not by choice but by necessity, with no option to leave.
The carnival wasn’t a bad place by any means, but when you had no other choice, even a luxury mansion could be a prison.
Steve was just touched that Bucky had been willing to share with him. He didn’t know if there was anything he could do to help, but just knowing what was the issue made things easier.
Maybe next time, when things got bad, Steve could step in to do something.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Okay, see, right there!” Dex said excitedly, pointing at the laptop screen as a fight scene with a lot of knife-throwing played out.“The form! Look at that double-handed throw! I still can’t get that down”“You know they use special effects, right?” Bucky pointed out, though all he got was a peeved shush from Dex as he hit the key to rewind the scene and play it again.“Come on, just let us watch the rest of the movie! I wanna see how John Wick fights with a horse!” Clint complained.“He fights a horse?” Steve asked.“He fights with a horse”“What?”“It’s really cool, you’ll see- if we ever get to it” Clint said, turning pointedly to Dex as he replayed the knife scene for the fourth time.“I sat through your Cirque du Soleil movie, you can watch some knife throwing for a few damn minutes”“You’re allowed to leave if you don’t like the movie” Clint shot back. “And I didn’t make everyone re-watch the same stunt ten times”“But the knife throwing is really good-”“Who invited him again?” Bucky whispered to Steve.Steve leaned in to reply, keeping his eyes on the bickering duo at the table. “I mean, Clint sent out the invites, so it was either him or you”“Neither of us like Dex”“Well I didn’t invite him”“Oh my god, I think he invited himself” Bucky said in realization.It was a ballsy move, consider it was just the four of them. Someone smarter might have elected to sneak into a movie night with more people.“Wow” Steve said, equally appalled at the gall of this man.“Should I say something?” Bucky whispered, eyeing Clint’s visibly growing irritation. They were slowly crossing the threshold of banter into argument, and that wasn’t conducive of a fun watching experience.“If you want. I know I don’t wanna get in the middle of that” Steve whispered back.“Real helpful”“Hey, I’m a guest; this is your trailer”“And Clint’s” Bucky hissed back.“Okay, well Clint isn’t a particularly good host”“And I am?”“You’re very welcoming”“Thanks” Bucky said sarcastically.“You’re welcome” Steve answered glibly.“-already seen this movie, what’s the big deal?” Dex was saying.“Yeah, I’ve seen it, so I know there’s more good stuff after this scene. We’re not even passed the first quarter!” Clint growled angrily, and yep, they’d crossed over into argument.“Okay, so,” Bucky whispered, “This isn’t gonna get better anytime soon. You wanna dip?”“Yeah. Anywhere but here sounds good right now” Steve agreed.“Cool”“What do we say?”“Just follow my lead” Bucky said, then surreptitiously scooted down the couch.It helped that Clint and Dex had taken the seats at the table, while he and Steve had sat together on the couch.When Bucky reached the end of the cushion, he got up smoothly and walked without rushing towards the trailer door, silently opening it and sliding out, letting the door rest against the frame without closing it so Steve could push it open with ease.He waited by the side of the steps for Steve to follow behind him, then frowned when he wasn’t immediately on his tail.Bucky waited a whole five seconds before Steve finally came out, looking flustered.He hurried down the steps, and Bucky caught the door before it closed with any kind of noise, instead easing it shut.“What was that?” Steve asked once he was outside.“What do you mean? I said follow my lead!”“You just walked out!”“Yeah?” Bucky said, not seeing what the problem was.“You can’t just- you-” Steve made a flustered noise, bending over with his hands on his knees.“You okay there?”“Yeah, just didn’t know you’d be pulling a French exit is all”“A what?”“Nevermind” Steve huffed, standing up straight again. “So where now?”Admittedly, Bucky hadn’t planned farther ahead than getting out of the blast radius of Clint’s building fury, but now that they were out here, it was a good question.It was a weeknight, and they didn’t have anywhere particular to be. Bucky and Steve were lucky in that they didn’t need to practice their respective services, and lately Steve had been pulling back from his excessive burlesque assistant role to actually have free time again.From what Bucky had heard, a little sweet-talking from Clint had gotten Natasha to ease up on her demand for Steve’s time and not keep him so late.It meant that Bucky was seeing more of Steve at movie nights and other social gatherings, considering Sharon and Clint had become mutually shared friends. More than that, however, Bucky really thought they were building something between the two of them.Ever since that night at the fire, and the subsequent conversation after that, he and Steve had fallen into a sort of… tenuous friendship.They got along well- maybe too well- but always there was the strain of Bucky’s cards hanging over them. That unspoken understanding that Steve thought he was crazy, but didn’t say anything to acknowledge that fact.Or, maybe Bucky was just projecting. After all, Clint and Sharon held similar beliefs.The problem was, Bucky had never told Clint or Sharon the full breadth of the tarot. To them he just believed in the occult and had some unfortunate mental disorder that cropped up every once in a while.Steve on the other hand got the full scope of it, and knew just how ‘crazy’ Bucky really was. Something like that would travel fast in their tight-knit troupe, so Bucky took it as a good sign that he didn’t hear chatter of his own curse in the gossip mill. It meant Steve was at least keeping the knowledge to himself, and Bucky could be grateful for that.But it left them at this odd crossroad where Steve technically knew about Bucky’s situation- just not in any way that could be helpful.And it meant they had yet to spend more time together one-on-one. Until now.Crap.“Uh” Bucky said dumbly, mind going blank. What did they do now that they’d fled Bucky’s trailer?“I mean, I have a tablet with Netflix if you wanted to take movie night to my trailer” Steve offered. “Loki’s out drinking with some of the dancers, so we’d have the place to ourselves”Bucky bit his lip thinking it over. He and Steve were on steadier ground lately- suppose it wouldn’t hurt to spend more time alone together. Bucky could see about easing him into the reality of the cards, like coaxing a small animal to eat out of his palm.Not the best metaphor, he thought, considering Steve’s large form.“Or, uh, we can go find Sharon. See if she’s up to anything” Steve added when he saw Bucky’s hesitance.And that little bit of shy hesitation, of consideration, on Steve’s part galvanized the last of his resolve.It was ridiculous, Bucky realized. Two grown men, walking on eggshells around each other. And for what?Okay, not for no good reason, but still. It went against the whole point of getting Steve on his side if he kept turning down his little olive branches like this.So, shoving down the bout of nerves the idea brought, Bucky made a decision.“No, you know what?” Bucky said, steeling himself. “Let’s go to your place”“Really? I- yeah, okay” Steve beamed, and Bucky tried not to read too much into the little flutter in his chest.“So I’m just, uh, somewhere over here” Steve said, leading them to the left, and Bucky had to suppress a chuckle. The floodlights were still on, and they gave just enough light to see by in the shadows of the trailers.“How long have you been here, three months? And you still don’t know where your own trailer is?” Bucky laughed, following behind.“They all look the same!” Steve defended, pausing at a junction of trailers, looking to either side and debating which direction to take.“And you don’t remember how you got to my trailer?”“… Clint brought me” Steve admitted with an ashamed murmur, and Bucky had to stifle a laugh.Taking pity on the man, Bucky stepped ahead of him. “Come on; they usually put the burlesque crew on the south-east end. Let’s see if you can recognize which one is yours”Steve said something under his breath that Bucky missed. “What was that” Bucky asked as they walked.“There’s a sign on the door” he said a little louder, sounding both ashamed and embarrassed.A moment later and Bucky realized why. He didn’t need Steve to point out which trailer was his, because it was made pretty obvious.STEVE’S TRAILER read the sign taped to the door, the letter drawn big and bold with marker. Underneath it, in slightly smaller text: THE TRAILER WHERE STEVE LIVES. STEVE’S ABODE. STEVE’S RESIDENCE. THE DWELLING OF STEVE’S.Around the words were a smattering of poorly-drawn stars as if to emphasize the message.Bucky stood and crossed his arms, twisting his lips and looking to Steve with amusement.Steve, clearly embarrassed and rubbing the back of his neck, explained. “Loki, ah, got tired of me texting him for directions. He put the sign up and told me to look for that”Bucky snorted. “You seriously can’t remember where your own trailer gets put down?“I have trouble with directions!”Bucky laughed, needing to look away for a moment. He almost felt bad for Steve, except this was way too funny. There was a max of fifty trailers- how hard was that to navigate through?“Shut up” Steve said, though there was laughter in his own voice as he went up and unlocked the door, leading Bucky inside.Bucky couldn’t remember if he’d ever been in Loki’s trailer or not, but the moment Steve hit the lights, he knew without a doubt this belonged to the man.Vanities weren’t an odd item in their carnival, but Loki really took it to an extra level. His was large enough to seat three people at, and it was crammed with all manner of cosmetics.“Jeez, where the hell do you keep your stuff?” Bucky said, eyeing the frankly ridiculous collection of greens and golds.“Yeah, it’s a lot” Steve chuckled, crouching down at one of the cabinets. “I don’t really need a lot of space though, so I just put everything in storage. And it beats living in a car”“I guess, but still. You can hardly sit down in here”And then Bucky realized- they actually couldn’t sit down in here. Not to watch a movie at least.In order for the vanity to fit, any space for a table or couch was gone, leaving only two seats at the vanity, and that was hardly a comfortable position.“Oh, uh. I was sorta thinking we could take the bed- there’s plenty of room, we won’t be crammed in or nothing. But, uh, we can go somewhere else if you want. Could find some empty chairs in the big top or something” he offered, pulling out his tablet.Bucky looked over the what he assumed was Steve’s bed- the plain one, and not the one with a luscious duvet and a dozen decorative pillows- and considered the space.Even taking into account Steve’s large frame, it was certainly wide enough to fit the two of them without being pressed up against each other. The canvass above the bed might mean Steve would have to hunch a little, but Bucky would fit without issue.It was still more intimate that a couch, however.Bucky looked to Steve then, and his heart skipped another beat at the open, hopeful look on his face- but ever the gentleman, he’d go wherever Bucky was more comfortable.Why does he have to be so nice, Bucky lamented, and then resigned himself to his not-so-unwilling fate.“Nah, the bed should be fine” he said.Steve did his best to hide his smile, but Bucky still caught a bit of it as he turned away and clambered onto the bed first. It left Bucky with the outer seat, and he felt a bit of relief at that. At least he wouldn’t be trapped in there with the exit blocked off.Bucky climbed in after him, taking his spot with his back pressed against the canvas outer wall. Steve handed him a pillow, and he gave the other man a thankful look as he positioned it as a backrest behind him.“You can, uh, close the curtains if you want” Steve said as he fiddled with his tablet. “Up to you”Bucky looked out into the lit trailer, considering. The curtains wouldn’t be that much of an obstacle if he needed to get out, and the dimmer atmosphere would certainly make for a better movie watching experience. So without a second of thought Bucky pulled the privacy curtain closed, sealing the two of them in dimness.“So, Netflix has John Wick 3 if you wanted to keep watching that” Steve offered, but Bucky shook his head.“No, Clint was all excited to watch it with us, I think we should save it for him”“Then, uh, what else do you wanna see?”“What do they got?”“Oh, here. We can look at the movies section…” Steve brought the tablet up between them, holding it so Bucky could see the screen.The two of them went on like that, scrolling through the options until they found a movie they both wanted to see; and when they finally settled on what to watch, Steve set the tablet on a stand between them, acting as a sort of buffer space.The opening credits rolled on, and Bucky eased back into his seat, getting comfortable.This isn’t so bad, he thought. Just a chill evening with a friend.A friend.Bucky’s lips turned up at that. Steve was his friend now, wasn’t he? This just about cemented it.How about that?, he marvelled. He’d done it- he’d befriended the enemy, so to speak.Now he just had to keep it up and see where it took him.Hopefully nowhere bad
  
    Chapter Text
    “You have a great day” Steve smiled, waving off another customer as they left happy with their portrait. Steve sighed with satisfaction, reaching for another sheet to place on his easel.
He’d been doing well lately- really well- and selling a good deal of portraits. Not too many people went for the caricature, and his limited pool of kids wanting their face painted was consistently low, but portraits? Sometimes he had a line.
He was thankful to have finished his final commission last week, finally free of the last piece of his previous job. It had been tough juggling his time between his current work and his graphic design, squeezing in as much free time as he could, but now that was over.
That, paired with his reduced demand at the burlesque gave him enough time off to actually do stuff during the week. Stuff for himself.
Two weeks ago they’d been in Frankfort, and he’d managed to visit the Capital Gallery of Contemporary Art. The trip was made all the better by the fact that it was the middle of a weekday, and the gallery had been almost empty, allowing Steve the freedom to explore without a crowd to put him off.
Ironically, his job working with tourists and crowds allowed him to explore the world at the times when there were the least people in it.
It was a pretty good trade.
It also gave him more time to socialize with the other workers. With the severe lack of internet and television access on the road, most of them spent their time with each other, usually drinking at the nearest bar, or movie nights where they could watch anything from an actual movie to a binge watch of a TV series.
Steve was more comfortable with the latter. He’d tried going to a bar with H crew once, but had to back out almost ten minutes in, the packed and noisy room too much for him to handle.
Since then he’d spent a lot of time just hanging with others, watching Loki at his dance practices or Clint with his acrobatics. He got to watch jugglers, fire breathers and sword swallowers, contortionists and magicians- and so much more!- almost every day.
It was like getting his own personal free show, one where he could playfully yell “do a flip!” and have that request fulfilled almost immediately, usually followed by laughter and an additional flourish.
He even got to play with the animals, taking a turn to help Shuri and T’Challa walk their menagerie of dogs.
But best of all, he got to spend more time with Bucky.
They’d started making their movie night a regular thing, getting together every other week to watch something, just the two of them, alternating between their trailers. And if Steve were being honest, he secretly preferred his trailer just for the extra closeness it gave them.
They still went to other nights with Clint or Sharon, but more and more the two of them ended up sitting next to each other there too.
One time, when too many people had been free and crowding into Morita’s trailer, he and Bucky had to squish so close that their thighs had touched, and Steve had barely paid attention to the screen in front of him.
Beyond movie nights, they also saw each other almost every day now. They sat together for meals when they could, and often one would visit the other during their break to see how they were doing.
And sure, they did the same with their other friends; Clint and Sharon stopped by just as much, as did a few others that Steve had started getting along with, but the fact that Bucky was one of those left Steve walking on air.
His stomach flipped every time their hands grazed when handing something over or when their feet accidentally touched under the table at lunch, in a way it didn’t with others.
It had been… years since Steve had been with anyone, and none had ever made him feel how he did with Bucky. The way they clicked, the chemistry between them- it was unprecedented.
Steve was smitten; there was no other word for it. He was head over heels for Bucky, and loving every minute of it.
And he was pretty sure Bucky felt the same. At least, he thought so.
Maybe it was wishful thinking.
Whatever it was, neither of them had said anything about it, but Steve felt they were slowly getting somewhere- provided he wasn’t just imagining it.
Four months into his time with the carnival, and he felt like he’d found something real.
It must have been written on his face, too, because Sharon had started teasing him about it every chance she got. Never in front of Bucky, thank god, but in front of everybody else was fair game, and slowly but surely, words spread. Now he got knowing looks from others anytime he accidentally made moon-eyes at Bucky.
Even Loki had made comments on it, snapping his fingers in front of Steve’s face when he’d zoned out and telling him to stop thinking of his ‘prophetic paramour’ and focus on the set change.
He’d bumbled his way through the corset tying after that, because yes, he had been thinking of Bucky then, much to his chagrin. Apparently it was written across his face whenever he did.
Thankfully Sam hadn’t clued into the fact yet, which was a relief. Not so much in Sam knowing, but Steve just knew Michelle was going to make a thing of it, and he most certainly didn’t want this becoming a thing.
Not until Bucky was ready, at least.
He was more than happy to keep going at their current pace and just… seeing where things led. Especially considering what Bucky had to deal with day-in day-out with his cards. Something like that had to be straining enough as it was, and Steve didn’t want to put any more pressure on it.
He was more than happy with what they had right now anyway. Just getting to be around Bucky and spend time with him…
God, he was glad he’d never said any of this aloud. If Sharon ever caught wind of it, he’d never hear the end of it.
As he readied another sheet for the next customer, he caught movement beyond the easel as someone sat down. A little brazen, but okay. He looked up, giving them a winning smile-
“Oh, uh. Hello Ms. Hill” he stumbled, caught off-guard by the carnival director.
“Steve” she said in turn.
“What, uh, what can I do for you?”
She had a clipboard with her, and she turned it around to show Steve one of his drawings. Specifically, one he’d done of the burlesque dancers. She was in an action pose, her body curled around a pole as she danced.
“Did you draw this?”
“Um, I guess?” Steve said unsurely. He wasn’t unsure of the picture- that, he definitely drew- but of the sudden interrogation pertaining to it. Was it somehow inappropriate? She’d asked him to draw her like that, so he couldn’t imagine what he’d done wrong.
“Yes or no” Maria specified.
“Uh, Yeah. Yes, I drew that”
She nodded, putting the clipboard back in her lap. “Would you say this was a particularly difficult piece to draw?”

  What?

“Uh, not really. Stacy held the pose pretty well, and I just took a picture on my phone to use as reference. After that I just needed her to sit for a bit so I could get her face right”
“Alright. Now, your resume says you worked as a graphic designer before this job, correct?” she said, flipping the image up to look at a document underneath.
Where in the world was this going?
“Yeah. Six years experience” he answered.
“And would you say poster design is within your skill set? Your website didn’t say”
She looked at his website? What?
“Um, I mean, I can. I’ve done more work with logos and infographics, but posters are well within my wheelhouse”
She nodded, considering his words.
“Now, I noticed you marked that your commissions were closed- I assume to make time for your current position here. Would you consider opening them for a special commission?”
Steve blinked, and suddenly connected the dots. “Do you want to commission me to make posters?”
“Yes” Maria confirmed. “We’re looking at expanding our marketing, and your work is exactly the kind of style we like. Nick and I talked it over, and we’d like to commission you to make posters for our acts using our employees as the models”
“Uh-” Steve said numbly.
“Of course we can meet to discuss the particulars and your going rate, but I wanted to present our proposal to you first and give you time to think it over. You don’t need to give us an answer just yet, but we’d like to hear back from you by the end of the week” she continued, breezing through her request.
“How many-” Steve’s voice cracked, and he cleared it, “-How many posters were you looking to have made?”
“We’d like one for all our major acts- our headlining burlesques of course, and then a selection of our renowned acts. The freak show mainly, and then a few classics like the fire swallower and such. We’re roughly looking at maybe twenty-five posters or so”
“Twenty- twenty-five?” he said in shock. He’d thought somewhere closer to ten.
“Again, we can discuss the details after you’ve put some thought into it” she reiterated, looking calm and collected.
Well, she’s had time to think about it, he thought dazedly.
“You really want to commission my work?” he asked.
Maria nodded. “Yes. We’ve seen a lot of your pieces already,” she motioned to his example board, “not just here, but with other employees. You’ve been using others for practice and giving them the completed work, and a few of them have shown it off. Nick and I saw some of these pieces, and it’s what gave us the idea”
His practice pieces? The things he hardly put effort into?
Then again, everybody always wanted to keep them, so not exactly terrible work, but still. It wasn’t his A-game, and yet it was still enough to garner a commission.
“I, um, yeah. I’ll think about it and get back to you” he said.
“Good” Maria said with satisfaction, tucking her clipboard under her arm. Then she looked over at his example board, frowning.
“And you can take down the caricatures- we’ve been looking at your numbers, and you’re getting better results with the portraits. Keep up the face painting though, we need all the kid-friendly stuff we can get” she said, then walked off without so much as a goodbye.
“Huh” Steve said, reeling from the encounter. That sure had been… something.

  A commission.

He sighed. Of course he was going to say yes- the chance to put his work up in the carnival, for everyone to see? He may have stage-fright, but that didn’t exactly apply to his art- after all, he wasn’t the one being shown to the masses.
And as an artist, it was a dream come true to have his art on display. Sure, a gallery was the real dream, and a museum was a fantasy, but posters for a carnival? That was pretty damn close.
Steve sighed again, looking forlornly at the blank sheet in front of him, his mind already brainstorming designs.
There went his extra free time.
 

 
Steve had given it a day to think over, and then set up a meeting with the two carnival managers to discuss the details.
Now, Fury was one thing, and Maria was another; but the two of them together?
A hostage-negotiator couldn’t have fared better against them.
They’d at least been fair and hadn’t balked at Steve’s rates like some customers did, negotiating only slightly lower prices considering they were giving him food and board. Not a bad deal, honestly.
By the end of it they’d agreed on twenty-two posters in all. Ten for their headlining burlesque dancers, eight for their star freak show attractions, and the remaining four for some general carnival acts. They were to be drawn and coloured, done up in the style of classic circus posters with a slightly modern twist.
He was also given time off his regular duties to complete the project- Wednesday and Thursday, specifically, were now dedicated solely to the posters.
Doing some preliminary calculations, he figured he’d spend about two full days per poster- with an extra four days leeway for mistakes and touch-ups- that would set him at about twenty-six weeks until completion.
It almost made his head spin, thinking of that. Not for the project itself, but the thought that he was so well situated at this carnival job that he was considering another six months.
That would put him at just under a year working here. He’d probably make it all the way home at the end of it, their tour coming full-circle by then.
Of course, if it didn’t work out he could just complete the posters sets at home in under a month, but that thought was barely on his radar. At this point, the only reason for him to leave was if they asked him to.
It was strange, how at-home he felt here, with half the creature comforts, double the work and triple the friends.
More than friends even. In Sharon he’d found a family member he’d long thought lost, like a sibling he never had.
And then there was Bucky, and the thing they had growing between them. Where would it lead? How would they move forward?
It was daunting to think about, but also exciting. His future was so uncertain, but in the most exciting way possible!
As he sat in his trailer, tablet open to several tabs as he researched classic carnival posters, taking notes and making plans, he couldn’t help but smile.
Things were really looking up for him.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve painted the last stripe on the American flag, finishing his work on a young man’s face. “And there you go” he said, smiling as the other college aged guys gave excited whoops, the rest of them sporting similarly painted American flags on their faces.
The smell of alcohol was on all their breaths, the group having recently come out of the burlesque tent rowdy and excited.
Steve couldn’t blame them; it was an exciting night. So much so that the carnival had altered their usual schedule to accommodate a fireworks show, blocking off an hour for their own pyrotechnics and special outside entertainment.
It was July 4th after all, and the carnival wasn’t about to lose out on customers to other rival shows.
“Thanks man, these are awesome!” one of the guys said, pulling his phone out and doing a selfie with the group.
Steve saw them off after that, laughing and shaking his head as they playfully shoved at each other, making their way to the open field where others were gathering for the upcoming spectacle.
Pre-show acts where already running, performers juggling flaming sticks or breathing fire or dancing with flaming hoops or-
Well, suffice to say it was a lot of fire-themed acts. In the late-night hour, it was about all they could manage in the darkness, the floodlights turned off for the impending light show.
Today was the exception to the adult-only late night acts, everyone’s hours extended to accommodate the children that were still here. Clowns were still walking about doing balloon animals, game and food booths were still running, the freak show was still out in all its glory, and Steve was still out doing face painting and portraits rather than helping at the burlesque.
He’d gotten a lot of requests for American flags, or variation thereof, and for the first time ever his painted faces outnumbered his portraits.
He was able to breathe a sigh of relief, however, as a voice on speaker came on to announce that the show was starting soon.
Already there was a steady flow of people heading towards the field, abandoning all the other attractions in lieu of the free show that was about to start.
It gave Steve and a whole slew of others a break while the crowd relocated, making it seem like a false end of the night. They couldn’t pack up, however, because all those people would return in droves once the show ended, and they had to be back on their game when that happened.
But for now, Steve could relax, setting his paints down.
“Busy night?” Bucky asked, meandering over to Steve’s tent.
“I swear, I’d paint the English flag at this point. Anything but the Star-Spangled Banner” he complained.
He had nothing against the flag, but when you did it over forty times in a day, you started to itch for literally anything else.
“Excuse me, I know you’re not slandering my Union Jack over there. That’s my heritage buddy” Sharon said from behind him.
“You haven’t even been to England” Bucky said.
Steve turned to face her as she arrived, seeing her carrying an armful of folded camping chairs for the three of them.
“Here, let me get that” he said, standing up to take the load out of her hands.
“Thanks- and excuse me, my mother was born there, so I’m, like, a second generation immigrant”
“From England” Bucky scoffed. “Might as well be from Canada”
“Oh, like your family tree is so fancy, Mister Barnes”
Steve chuckled as the two of them playfully bickered, taking a seat so he could watch the fireworks. His heart did a little flip when Bucky sat down next to him, taking the middle seat so he was between Steve and Sharon.
More and more they ended up sitting next to each other, and Steve stalwartly tried not to read too much into it whenever they did- because it was always Bucky sitting next to him.
Steve never wanted to pressure Bucky, so he always made sure there was the option for Bucky to sit elsewhere, yet he always chose the seat closest to Steve lately. It always gave him a warm feeling when Bucky did that, and that didn’t change for tonight.
“Oh hey, congrats on your commissions birthday boy” Sharon said, pulling him out of his reverie.
“Wait, what?” Bucky said, looking over at Steve questioningly.
“Oh, uh yeah. Hill and Fury commissioned me to do some posters for the carnival” he said sheepishly.
“No, I already heard about that” Bucky said dismissively, turning to face Steve with his whole body. “What’s this about a birthday?”
Steve rubbed the back on his neck. “Oh, um. I guess today’s my birthday too” he muttered.
“You guess?”
“He’s all shy about it” Sharon teased from the other end.
“About your birthday?” Bucky said in bafflement.
“It’s not really a big deal” Steve muttered. “Look, I get some free fireworks every year, what else do I need?” he said, lying. He never went out to the firework shows at home if he could help it.
“Um, a cake? A party? Presents?” Bucky listed. “Pal, I went years without anyone even wishing me a happy birthday, you think I don’t go all out when I can? It’s like the one thing I do for myself”
Steve shrugged. “I dunno. Just never felt like a big deal”
“Oh my god” Bucky muttered, turning back to face the field. “I’m getting you a cake next chance I get, you hear? And we’re watching whatever movie you want” he said, leaving no room for argument.
“Uh, sure?”
“Damn right”
“He takes his birthdays very seriously” Sharon mock-whispered, earning a light smack in the shoulder from Bucky.
“You’re one to talk, birthday princess. Tell me again what you had us do on your last birthday?”
“Don’t act like you didn’t enjoy that trip to the zoo”
“See? Proving my point that birthdays are the best”
“Hey, I’m not complaining” Steve said. “Just don’t throw me any surprise parties”
“Did you not just hear me? We’re having cake and a movie night. What do you think I am, a rookie? I know how to do a birthday”
“Oh, well uh, thanks”
It wasn’t that Steve was against his birthday, it was just that he’d stopped celebrating in after his ma died. Sure, he got a birthday wish from Sam and Riley every year now, and they’d usually treat him to a nice home cooked dinner, but it was never an expected commitment.
This year he’d accepted that the call he’d gotten from the Wilson household wishing him a happy birthday, along with Sharon’s well wishes, was all he’d get- along with the fireworks that weren’t really for him.
The fact that Bucky wanted to do something for him though… now that was a gift. He was especially touched that Bucky knew to keep it low-key.
“Ooh, it’s starting!” Sharon said excitedly, her head turned up to the sky.
The three of them went hush, heads turning up at the first dull pops of the embers, watching the little dot propel up into the sky and then suddenly explode in a flash of lights.
Distantly they could hear people yelling excitedly, both adults and children, as the show unfolded. Around them were a few other carnival workers, standing or sitting to watch the show from their post.
As Steve watched, he suddenly felt a nudge at his wrist, and he looked down to see Bucky had placed his hand near the edge of his armrest, where it lay just shy of faintly touching Steve’s own arm.
Steve looked up at Bucky, but he seemed to be too busy admiring the show to have noticed the brief contact.

  
    Stomach doing somersaults, 
  
  
    Steve 
  
  
    swallowed and looked away so he wasn’t caught staring. He could hardly focus on the exploding starbursts above them, heart beating in his ears as a sudden urge wiggled into the forefront of his mind.
  

Did he do it? Would Bucky hate it?

  
    Swallowing again, he ignored the doubts and took a chance. With hesitance, he 
  
  
    gently nudged his hand a little closer to the edge of 
  
  
    
      his
    
  
  
     armrest, 
  
  
    moving
  
  
     until 
  
  
    his arms pressed into Bucky’s more solidly,
  
  
     their arms touch
  
  
    ing
  
  
     from elbow to wrist.
  

Out of the corner of his eyes he saw Bucky stiffen, his arm jolting where they touched
Fear suddenly coursed through Steve. Had he read that wrong? Was Bucky just casually resting his arm, and the touch was incidental?
Steve was about to pull his hand away, afraid he’d overstepped, when suddenly Bucky’s posture relaxed, and the arm that had been poised to pull away a moment ago pressed back, resting once more.
Warmth spread through his chest then, exploding like the fireworks above them. The feel of Bucky’s arm against his, even just barely, sent electric currents up his nerves in the best possible way.
Oh, Steve marvelled.
Neither one of them said anything, or even looked at each other for that matter, but that didn’t matter. More explosions lit up the sky, brighter than Steve had ever remembered fireworks ever being.
Yeah, he thought, smiling, relaxing further into his seat.
This was a good birthday.
  
    Chapter Text
    “So what’s the appeal of it?”
“Of wearing lingerie? Steven, I would think a man of your tastes would have an inkling already” Loki purred.
“Mind out of the gutter pal” Steve said, rolling his eyes. “I mean burlesque”
Although Loki was currently decked out in a lacy pair of bra and panties, so. Yeah. He could see where the miscommunication happened.
“I believe that’s still gutter territory my dear friend”
Steve thinned his lips. Fair enough.
“Alright, well the question still stands. What’s the appeal to it?” he asked, eyeing the shoulder line and frowning, erasing it and doing it over.
The two of them were currently backstage of the big top, the place almost empty except for a few dancers using the stage for practice.
It was one of Steve’s posters days, and he was currently working on Loki’s. They’d discussed what kind of pose and feel he wanted for his design and settled on one of his simpler outfits.
Loki was a snake on the stage, his movements smooth and lithe like a predator’s. It was artistic and sensual, and he wanted his poster to reflect that without being too gaudy.
So here they were, taking a few hours of the day to do a full-body portrait for the design. It was quiet work, but Loki was hardly a quiet model, and they’d been trading conversation the whole while.
The more Steve scrutinized Loki’s outfit though, the more he wondered at the other man’s work.
“Hmm, that’s a deep question” Loki said, tilting his head in consideration. “I suppose it’s the attention. The liberation. I own my body, and what I present on stage is what I allow the world to see of it.
“Of course, my routine is of the more acrobatic variety. I’m sure Kristel would say it’s something about feminism and controlling the public’s gaze, or Vir would say it’s ballet de cour with his avant-garde routine. Ugh, or Marion with her comedy” he derided.
“Hey, Marion’s hilarious”
Loki scoffed. “How very American of you”
“Hey, watch your mouth or I’ll make you slouch in this thing” Steve threatened.
“Don’t you dare” he said, breaking his pose to shoot Steve a deathly look.
Steve lifted his pencil off the paper and pointed it at Loki, “Don’t try me”
Loki huffed in indignation, taking back his earlier position. “Fine” he acquiesced.
“So that’s it? You like the attention?” Steve asked, bringing them back on topic.
“And the liberation. Many people think it’s like working at a strip club where your body is the commodity, but they’d be wrong. On the burlesque stage, you are nobody’s commodity. You are the star, and for those few moments you’re on stage, you hold the audience in your hand. It’s a powerful feeling”
“Huh” Steve said, thinking that over.
“Why the curiosity?” Loki asked, raising a brow at him.
Steve shrugged. “Just wondering. I see you guys go up there every week, wondered what the appeal was”
That wasn’t wholly true. Yes, Steve was curious, but he was also… questioning. Questioning himself, and how he saw the burlesque.
At first he couldn’t even look at the stage without getting a second-hand dose of stage fright. Now, after months of helping out backstage, he’d gotten a bit more acclimated to it. He could even stand to watch from the sidelines, no longer embarrassed with the nudity.
The audience still made him nervous, but also…
He didn’t know. He couldn’t identify exactly what he was feeling past the oppressive anxiety the crowds gave him.
“Do you want to try?” Loki said out of nowhere, and Steve’s hand froze where it was shadowing the face, mind halted.
“What?”
“An outfit that is. Do you want to try? I’ve seen you eyeing my corsets Steven, don’t try to be coy with me” Loki grinned, and Steve felt his cheeks heat.
“I wasn’t- I don’t-” he stammered.
“Come now, it’s just us girls” he said in amusement, breaking his pose and stretching. “I could use a break anyhow, and I’m sure my brother won’t mind you trying some of his things. It would be quite hypocritical of him actually- I can’t tell you how many of my corsets he’s stretched before I convinced him to purchase his own”
“I don’t know if, I uh-”
“Oh, don’t worry, you and my brother share a similar measure- and if anything, these may very well be loose on you” he said, walking over to one of the costume racks and flicking through the clothes.
Steve sat flustered in his seat. The two-third finished sketch of Loki was sitting on the easel in front of him and giving him an equally mischievous look, egging him on like its real-life counterpart.
Damn, why did he have to capture people so accurately in his drawings?
“You can say no” Loki piped up, still sorting through the rack. “I just figured now would be a good time to try. If you were curious, that is” he said, giving Steve a knowing side-eye.
Steve swallowed, his cheeks burning. Oh, but he had been curious, hadn’t he? The glances he stole when Loki laced up into a corset wasn’t just appreciation for the male form. He’d seen the lace and the stockings and the bows, and he’d wondered.
Just like he wondered about painting his nails.
He looked down at his hands then, and at the light blue at the end of each finger. He thought of the few looks he garnered from it- not many, but a few- and the thrill he’d felt. Just a little bit daring, like a turtle poking its head out of the shell to feel the sunlight.
But painted nails were a far cry from wearing a corset.
“Well?” Loki asked, cocking his hip and holding out a hangar with an outfit on it.
Then again, it was just the two of them back here. And Steve had seen Loki in skimpier outfits, so it was only fair play.
Plus, unlike painted nails, he didn’t have to walk out with it on for the whole world to see.
Steve tapped his pencil against his thigh nervously, looking the outfit up and down. A vague echo sounded in his head, sounding suspiciously like his high school bullies yelling sissy! and fag!, pushing him into lockers and tripping him in hallways.
Oddly enough, that thought was what pushed him to do it. Because fuck those guys.
“You know what?” Steve said, putting his pencil down and standing. “Yeah, I’ll give it a shot”
 
 
Bucky wrung his hands together, making his way through the big top towards the back.
He was looking for Steve to invite him over for one of their movie nights- except this one had him nervous.
Well, more nervous than usual.
The thing was, it was always Steve inviting him or suggesting a movie night- this would be the first time Bucky sought him out first.
It wasn’t like Bucky had anything against hanging out with Steve, he just… never had the nerve to initiate it. Which was ridiculous he’d realized, and so he decided to take the reigns today.
It shouldn’t have been a big deal.
Beyond the ominously hovering doom, Steve was actually a really great guy. He was nice, sweet, caring and funny, and really just overall… great.
And, you know. Big. Muscular. Could bench press Bucky a hundred times.
Whatever, he didn’t have a type.
And yes, they hadn’t made much headway with the cards. Bucky didn’t know how to mention the fact that, hey, I’m magically chained to a cursed tarot deck.
It wasn’t exactly easy to bring up in conversation.
Especially because he’d already brought it up. It wasn’t like Steve didn’t know- he just didn’t believe it.
Or rather, he thought Bucky was living with some high-functioning delusion. Kinda the same thing though, if you thought about it.
Bucky did, however, notice Steve giving the cards more side-eyes and furtive glances when Bucky had them out. He never said anything though.
No, rather than make any comments, Steve had started asking questions about the cards. Just little things, and never all at once, like he was trying to get a feel for the scope of them without overwhelming Bucky.
‘Do you ever do a reading on yourself?’ he’d asked.
And Bucky replied; can’t, I just draw the Prisoner no matter what. Has to be someone else.
‘What happens if I draw a card?’
First of all, don’t. Second, if the deck doesn’t pick you as the new prisoner, you just get a blank.
‘When you say the cards make you say things…’
Eh, mostly. The less stakes there are the more control I have on the wording, as long as it stays true to the message. But if it’s something heavy- like say, someone dying- then I gotta say exactly what the cards dictate.
‘Do they make you shuffle them too?’
No, that’s just a habit.
So far most of Steve’s questions had been about how the cards interacted with Bucky, or people in general. He’d yet to ask about his own reading from that fateful night, and that was ultimately what Bucky wanted to get to.
He was hoping all these little questions Steve asked were warming him up to the idea that it was real at least.
But none of that had anything to do with right now. Right now, Bucky was coming to ask Steve over for another movie night. If he’d ever get to it.
Just invite him for a movie already! he berated himself.
Shaking out his hands nervously, he pressed on, making his way backstage.
“-sure blue’s my colour?” Steve was saying as Bucky rounded the stage.
“Don’t be ridiculous, everyone can see blue fits you best” Loki replied, eyes jumping when he caught Bucky’s approach.
“Ah, perfect” Loki said, snapping his fingers at Bucky. “Buchanan, come here a minute and tell Steve that blue is his colour”
“Bucky?” Steve said from behind one of the paper wall partitions, sounding nervous.
“Uh yeah. Hey Steve” Bucky said, coming to stand next to Loki and wondering what the hell was going on. “I mean, I already told him blue works for him. Helped pick it out for his nails” Bucky told Loki, holding up his hand to show off his own reds.
“Thank you” Loki said with satisfaction, then turned to the partition that blocked Steve from view. “There, I told you blue works. Now come out so we can see”
“I, um. Maybe this is a bad idea”
“Nonsense,” Loki tisked, “You were perfectly content with the first two, this one is hardly worse than either”
“But-”
“Steven, are you coming out or not?”
“What are you guys even doing?” Bucky asked, taking in Loki’s matching bra and panties. Some kind of rehearsal he needed Steve’s help with?
“Well, um, we were working on Loki’s poster, but then we took a break, and he sorta talked me into trying on Thor’s-”
Bucky had been listening to Steve’s rambling right up until he stepped out from behind the partition, at which point Bucky’s mind halted.
“Oh” was what came out of Bucky’s mouth, his lips parting as he numbly took in the sight before him.

  

Steve was in a matching set of panties and a… lacy tank top? He wasn’t sure what to call it other than goddamn mouthwatering.
The form-fitting top showed off all of Steve’s muscles, while the lace panties showed off a lot of leg-
-and hello.
Bucky’s eyes immediately looked away from Steve’s crotch, his brain working just enough to know that it was rude to let his eyes linger there too long. It didn’t stop the image from sticking in his brain though. There had been quite a bulge, thank you very much.
“Eyes up, Buchanan” Loki’s voice cut into his spaced thoughts, bringing him back to the here-and-now. “I know he’s a veritable feast, but let’s try to focus on the matter at hand, shall we?”
“What?”
Loki rolled his eyes. “The colour. Does it work or not? I’m of the opinion that it does”
“Oh, uh. Yep. Yeah, blue’s really your uh, colour” Bucky said, still reeling from… all of it.
Steve for his part was fidgeting, unsure what to do with his hands. He kept switching between putting them at his thighs and pulling at the hem like he could somehow make it longer. On top of that, there was an obvious blush traveling from his face down to his neck, his shoulder hunching inwards with growing discomfort.
Bucky swallowed, forcefully dragging his gaze up. Get a grip, he told himself. He’d seen people dressed in less- in far less, and that was saying something given the already revealing nature of Steve’s outfit.
But this was Steve, and he had certain… features, that Bucky couldn’t help but get caught on.
He didn’t have a type. He didn’t.
“You think so?” Steve asked, looking unsure of either the getup or himself in it.
“Yeah, it’s… good.. You look good” Bucky said honestly, looking Steve in the eye with some effort.
Steve gave him a shy little smile then, his cheeks turning rosy as he blushed even more. His shoulders didn’t seem so hunched anymore, a little confidence coming in at the compliment.
“See? What did I say?” Loki said, “You’re already turning heads. I bet we could headline you for one of the shows”
At that Steve actually blanched, his smile disappearing for a more fearful expression. “I, uh, don’t think that’s really my, um, my kind of thing” he stammered, turning shy all over again.
Loki tisked again. “Pssh, spoilsport”
Steve started to take a step back, reaching for the safety of the partition. “I think maybe we’ve, uh, had a long enough break. I think I should change”
“If you must” Loki said with disappointment, waving Steve off as he turned to go to one of the vanities in the meantime.
Steve disappeared before Loki had finished talking, presumably hurrying back into his clothes.
“So, Bucky” he said from behind the screen. “What, uh, brings you by?”
“Oh, uh” Bucky said dumbly, scrabbling for the reason he’d come here in the first place.

  Movie night.

Right.
“I actually came here to see if you wanted to watch a movie tonight. My place” he managed to say.
“Oh. Yeah, I think I’m free for that. Is anyone else joining?”
“Nah, just the two of us”
“Alright, that, yeah. That sounds good” he said, just as he came out from the partition still a little flustered. Bucky caught a flash of his bare stomach as he pulled his shirt the rest of the way down, and he swallowed.
He had to drag his eyes up again. Get it together, he scolded himself
Steve looked far less shy now that he was back in his regular clothes, wearing the simple jeans and shirt that Bucky was so used to seeing him in. He was one of the lucky ones who didn’t have to dress up in tights or a costume or even makeup for his work, and sometimes Bucky envied that.
“Usual time?” Bucky asked, and wasn’t that telling that they did this regularly enough to have a usual time.
“Yeah, that works. I’m gonna be working on Loki’s poster for the rest of the day, so I get to decide when I’m done”
“That must be nice”
“Yeah, it’s pretty familiar. Kinda what I used to do before working here” Steve grinned a little more confidently, taking a seat at the easel Bucky had missed earlier.
Oh yeah. Freelance graphic designer.
“How much longer will this take?” Loki interrupted, coming to stand a short pace away from them, adjusting the straps of his bra.
“Shouldn’t be too long. I just gotta get your form down and then take a few reference pictures, then I can let you go” Steve said.
“Alright, then lets get on with it” he said, striking a pose that had him looking guileful and mysterious. It was actually pretty impressive how he managed that.
“Right, I leave you guys to it” Bucky said, starting to make his exit.
“Was good seeing you” Steve said, giving him a parting smile.
Bucky returned it before turning to go, leaving the backstage area.
Well. That had been something.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky sat in his trailer, nervously shuffling his cards.
The laptop sat open on the table in front of him, the movie paused on the opening credits and ready to be watched. He kept glancing at the time in the corner, seeing the minutes tick by as the ‘usual time’ Steve arrived at approached.
Steve was always a few minutes late- he had some chronic bad at directions syndrome, and he somehow couldn’t remember where Bucky’s trailer was despite the general layout never really changing from location to location.
It was honestly kind of funny, and everyone loved to tease him about it. That and his inability to put up a tent without some form of help. It became common knowledge if you invited Steve to your trailer, you had to make sure he had an escort or accept he was going to be a little late.
Just as he thought that, he heard a knock at the door.
Right on time, he thought sardonically, noting Steve was six minutes late.
“Bucky?” Steve’s voice called unsurely, and Bucky had to wonder how many wrong doors Steve knocked on this time.
“It’s open, come in” he called, and a moment later the door opened to reveal Steve, a look of relief on his face.
“Hey” Steve greeted, closing the door quietly behind him and coming to join Bucky at the table.
“Hey” Bucky said back, getting up to let Steve slide into the booth.
It had been awkward the first time, when Bucky realized he didn’t want to be trapped in his seat with Steve’s bulk blocking the way. Steve, ever the gentleman, had picked up on it and without much fuss took the inside seat, never complaining once despite the cramped leg room.
“So whose trailer did you knock on this time?” Bucky asked teasingly, moving to hit the light and plunging the trailer into darkness, with only the glow of the laptop screen as illumination.
“Scott’s” Steve answered with chagrin. “But he gave me directions here, so you know. And I was close this time; I was only four trailers off!”
“That’s great pal” Bucky chuckled, sliding in to sit next to him.
“So what are we watching?” Steve asked, getting situated in his seat and placing the snacks he’d brought on the table for the both of them to share. Tonight he’d gone with sour cream and onion chips. Nice.
“Fast and Furious… Seven?”
“You don’t know?”
“Honestly, Darcy downloaded it for me, but only labelled the file ‘Fast’, and I didn’t catch the number she said, so…” he shrugged as he trailed off.
Steve huffed with amusement. “Alright, well I guess it’ll be a surprise”
“Yeah” Bucky agreed, pulling the laptop closer so he could start the movie. “And I mean, it’s just fast cars, right? I don’t think we’re missing much story”
The two of them settled in to watch as Bucky hit play, the opening credits rolling out.
See, you had nothing to worry about, Bucky thought contently. Why had he been so nervous to invite Steve in the first place?

  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.

Okay, but besides that? Honestly, the more time Bucky spent with Steve, the less seriously he took the cards’ warning.
And that of itself was dangerous, Bucky mused as the movie played on. In getting closer with Steve, he was letting his guard down and opening himself up to more risk.
Or was he minimizing the risk by getting Steve to be his friend?
Bucky suppressed a huff at the thought. Again with the uncertainty. Every move was either taking him closer or further away from his prophesied doom, and he had no way of knowing which it was. He had hardly anything to work with- a few vague phrases that could have a million different interpretations.
All that, and Bucky didn’t even know for certain what being ‘bound for life’ even was. Somehow imprisoned by the cards more? Actually put in prison? Just outright die?
He felt the familiar frustration rise again, and he consciously tried to put it out of his mind. He’d save all the tortured pondering for the nights he couldn’t sleep- right now he was watching a movie with Steve, and it looked like he’d been just off the mark as the title Furious 6 came on screen. Damn, off by one.
Steve had opened the bag of chips while the credits played, and now he offered it to Bucky, who reached in and grabbed a handful while keeping his eyes on the screen.
He was in the middle of biting down on a chip when he suddenly felt a warm weight lay over his shoulders, making his jaw snap shut and the rest of him freeze.
He put his arm over my shoulders, was Bucky’s first thought, then, no, he’s stretching out and resting it on the backrest.
Or a bit of both.
After a second of this, Steve whispered to him. “Is this okay?” he asked in a low voice, and wow, Bucky’s heart was doing some funny things right now.
Was it okay? It wasn’t… unpleasant. He could say that about it.
Bucky leaned back a little more, skin prickling where Steve’s arm pressed at the back of his neck. His hair was down and prevented any skin-on-skin contact, and part of him wished he’d put it up before they’d started.
And along that line of thought, Bucky had to reluctantly admit that he liked this.
“Yeah, it’s fine” he said, surprised that his voice had come out calm and collected unlike the panic he was feeling inside.
“You sure?” Steve asked timidly, just barely lifting his arm away to put less weight on Bucky.
Bucky reached up without thinking and grabbed Steve’s hand, placing it back not only on the seat’s backrest, but on Bucky’s actual shoulder, eliminating any pretense of Steve just stretching out his arm.
“Yeah, you’re fine” Bucky assured, meanwhile screaming internally with ‘why did I do that?!’
“Oh, I, uh, yeah. Yeah, okay” Steve stammered, patting Bucky’s shoulder awkwardly before settling the full weight of his arm down. His big, muscular arm…
Goddammit, Bucky thought miserably.
He had a type.
The two of them lapsed into silence after that, paying more attention to the movie. Steve would periodically offer Bucky the bag of chips, sharing it between them until it ran out halfway in, and by then the tight not in Bucky’s stomach had finally started to uncoil.
This isn’t so bad, he thought, readjusting in his seat and feeling the weight of Steve’s arm sitting snugly over his shoulders. It felt almost natural, and- if Bucky was being honest with himself- pleasant.
The movie played on, and neither said anything, too afraid to break the delicate thing that sat between them.
 

 

  Thunk!

Another arrow hit the target off-centre, but that didn’t wholly mean it had missed. Clint liked to draw with his arrows, and in all likelihood this was just one in a series of bullseyes.
He was out practising his archery today, and Bucky had decided to join him for company given how slow the sideshow currently was. This city was turning out to be a ghost town so far, and they were hitting a dry spell this week. There was still hope for the weekend, but for now Bucky wasn’t going to bother.
The two of them were out back where most others practised, but they were especially at the rear so nobody walked behind Clint’s shots by accident. Bucky was sitting in the grass idly shuffling the cards while he watched.
“So I think I like Steve” Bucky said suddenly, just as Clint loosed his next shot.
The arrow made another thunk! sound as it his the target dead-centre, and Clint cursed.
“Man, you made me miss”
Bucky raised a brow, looking at where the arrow was sitting exactly on the painted bullseye. “That’s a miss?”
“Don’t give me that; I can hit bullseye in my sleep. It’s like an instinctive go-to when I’m not paying attention”
Bucky shrugged. He’d stopped being impressed by Clint’s archery a while ago, the tricks becoming old-hat by now. He got as much thrill from it as watching the man guzzle a cup of coffee.
“Anyway, what’s this about Steve?” he asked, walking up to the target to pull out his errant arrow.
“Think I like him” Bucky repeated in a mutter, fanning the cards into a disk and spinning it on his knuckles.
“Don’t sound too happy about it” Clint observed as he took up position again.
“That’s ‘cause it's kinda complicated”
“Oh yeah, I get that. The whole card thing, right?” he asked, loosing another arrow.
“Yeah” Bucky agreed, because that pretty much summed it up. The card thing.
“So don’t bite my head off or anything, but have you talked to him about it?”
“I mean, I’ve tried to, but it’s sorta hard to talk about, you know? I don’t want him thinking I’m any crazier than he already thinks I am”
“Hey now-”
“I know, I know” Bucky cut off, “I’m not crazy” he said in a mocking tone, too busy shuffling his cards to do air quotes.
He didn’t need to hear that patronizing assurance again. It was like his friends bent over backwards to say it anytime Bucky pointed out their own disbelief of his sanity.
Clint was frowning, but he didn’t say anything more on the subject at least. “Alright, well are you going to do anything? Like make a move?”
“I dunno, feels too… fast maybe. Yesterday he put his arm on my shoulders while we watched a movie”
Clint whistled. “Arm over the shoulders, huh? Damn, that is fast. When’s the wedding then?”
“Eat my ass”
Clint only laughed in response.
“Seriously, I’ve barely gotten to know him” Bucky said.
“You’ve known him for almost six months, how long do you need?”
“Okay, first of all: those first two months don’t count” Bucky scoffed, “And second: ”
There was a pause.
“Second?” Clint prompted after the silence stretched, nocking an arrow.
Bucky twisted his lips, grasping for another point.
“Goddammit” he muttered when nothing came to him.
“Look,” Clint said, his voice sounding serious now, “You said all that stuff from the start is water under the bridge, right? And you at least talked some of it out with him, and he didn’t run away or nothin’. And not to pry, but I’ve seen the way he looks at you, and I don’t think he’s gonna turn you down if you ask. So lemme ask you this; what’s stopping you?”
He let another arrow fly, not looking to Bucky as he prepared another, giving him the privacy to think of an answer.
Bucky kept mindlessly shuffling the deck, worrying at his lip as he did. What was stopping him?
Fear, for one thing, and arguably cowardice stemming from that.
The very real threat from the cards for another, but that wasn’t really a point Clint was going to believe- at best he’d humour Bucky out of pity.
And then…
Well that was it, wasn’t it?
It didn’t sound like much when he listed it like that, but that wasn’t really fair to the situation. The cards were a big deal; that was just a fact. He couldn’t dismiss them for nothing.
Bucky could never hold down a relationship when he was younger, not with the cards getting in the way. There’d been a fling here and there, but the truth of the matter was it always came back to the cards. They came first in Bucky’s life, whether he liked it or not- and he very much did not like it.
But that was… years ago. He'd had given up on relationships long before joining the carnival. He’d also given up on friendship too, but look at where he was now.
Friends galore, and more than he knew what to do with. And Steve knew about the cards, at least generally, and that hadn’t seemed to put him off any.
Maybe… maybe he did go for it.
Bucky looked up at Clint, who was still giving him his own space to think.
“Anyone ever tell you’re a good friend?’ Bucky asked.
“All the time. Also, what do you think?”
Clint motioned for the target, and Bucky looked down to see that Clint had drawn a heart with his arrows.
“So I’m thinking a summer wedding for you two-”
“Nevermind” Bucky said. “Bad friend. Terrible-”
“-and I can put the rings at the end of an an arrow and shoot it down the aisle-”
“-the worst-”
“-could get Fury to officiate”
“-NO”
Clint ribbed him like that for a while longer, and Bucky was sorely tempted to go back to his empty tent; but eventually Clint eased off, and they moved on lighter topics.
Still, the idea had been planted, and it gave Bucky something to think about.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Do you think Bucky likes me?” Steve asked.
“An interesting question” Loki said from his seat in front of the vanity. “I’m also quite fascinated to know why you’d think to ask me of all people, and to ask now of all times”
Steve pressed his lips together in chagrin, tying Loki’s corset tighter the way he liked. A little ways past the dressing area was the sound of Krissy’s act paired with the hooting and hollering of the crowd.
So maybe not the best time to ask when Loki’s set was up in a few minutes, but the question had been eating at Steve all day, and he needed an outside perspective.
“Sorry, it’s just, you’re the only person who’d give me an honest answer without making fun of me” Steve explained, tying the strings in the special kind of knot that would make the whole thing come undone with a few simple tugs.
“Really? I must be losing my touch” Loki said idly, applying lipstick in the mirror while Steve worked.
Steve huffed. “Alright; won’t make fun of me as much as Sharon” he amended.
“Ah. Fair enough. Siblings can be relentless”
“Cousin”
“So you say”
Steve fought against rolling his eyes. “Do you think he likes me though? I know you two don’t spend a lot of time together, but you’ve known him longer than I have”
“Oh yes, I was here long before Buchanan made his debut” Loki agreed, now working on his mascara. “And I’m not blind, I’ve seen the two of you together. Honestly, I’m more surprised you haven’t confessed your undying love to each other already”
Steve felt his cheeks heat, fingers almost dropping the corset strings in his fluster. “I wouldn’t, uh, wouldn’t jump to love out the gate or anything”
Loki snickered, looking up at Steve through the reflection with a wry grin.
He gave Loki a withering look in return, realizing he was being teased. “Yeah yeah, yuck it up” he muttered, giving the string an unnecessary tug in retribution.
“Joking aside,” Loki went on, returning to his makeup application, “It’s not wholly inaccurate. He may not seem as outwardly smitten as you, but there’s certainly interest. You two have your private soirees after all, do you not? I doubt he’d entertain such things without some interest on his part”
“Yeah, but those are just… movie nights. Everybody has them”
“But do they have them in pairs?”
“Sometimes”
Loki looked up at him in the mirror with an impatient look that said Steve was being an idiot.
Steve frowned. “It true though” he muttered.
“And how many of these one-on-one viewings already consist of couples, hmm?”
Steve opened his mouth to answer, then closed it. There was Hope and Scott, but they were a couple. Maria and Carol-? No, also a couple.
Steve wracked his mind for anyone who did what he and Bucky were doing that weren’t together, and he pulled up short.
“Ah, now he sees it” Loki said smugly. “And you mustn’t sell yourself short. Is it so hard to believe someone might reciprocate your interest?”
“I, it’s, I mean” Steve stammered. “We didn’t really… start out great. I dunno, I just don’t wanna push to hard” he said, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Come now Steven, surely you’re not that dense. The man clearly has interest, everyone can see that except you, it seems”
Steve frowned. He could say he and Bucky were friends, sure, but did Bucky like him as something more than that? For all Steve knew, he was pushing something Bucky didn’t want.
“Dear Lord, I can hear you thinking over the applause” Loki said in exasperation, standing from his stool and pulling on his cloak. With his heels on, the already tall man stood a whole inch taller than Steve.
“But as much as I’d like to stay and settle your worries, your choice of timing has me at a disadvantage. Suffice to say that yes, he does like you” Loki said patting Steve on the shoulder before pulling on his gloves.
“And if you’d like to discuss this further, I would love to continue this chat- after the evening is finished” he said as he made his way to the stage. “Now hurry along, mustn’t keep the crowds waiting”
Steve followed behind him, the rush of work pushing his thoughts aside as he shifted into the task at hand. The familiar nerves filled his stomach as the lights dimmed and he walked past Loki to step onto the stage first, along with several other stage-hands, to move Krissy’s props.
Him and another worked together to lift the giant coffee mug that Krissy had ‘poured’ herself into, while three others quickly carried away the carafe and another hoisted the fog machine away. Somebody off-stage did something to lower the acrobatic ring that Loki would be using for his set, and then they were done, hurrying away as the lights turned back up and the ringmaster warmed up the crowd.
Steve missed Loki’s initial entrance as he set the prop in the back, but he returned to the side-stage to watch a bit of the show, thinking over Loki’s words.
Did Bucky like him back? Now that it had been pointed out how their movie nights were an oddity for singles, he was re-thinking his original hesitance.
He’d tried not to read too much into it, but Bucky had taken his hand and draped Steve’s arm over his shoulder the other night. Steve had been a bundle of nerves worse than his current stage-fright, but then he’d been pleasantly buzzing the rest of the night afterwards.
The little bit of hope he’d been harbouring grew, bolstered by Loki’s words. Maybe he took the plunge. Maybe he’d make a move and ask Bucky out for a date.
Steve smiled at the thought, feeling grateful for Loki’s help. He really needed that extra push to come to this decision, along with outside perspective to tell him he wasn’t just projecting his feelings.
And hell, Bucky really likes me!, he thought giddily.
There was a swell from the crowd as he watched the act unfold, Loki having stripped off his cloak and now removing his corset. Steve grinned, knowing the best was coming up next.
He watched as Loki stepped under the ring and gripped it, lifting himself up and beginning the more acrobatic section of his act. The crowd threw out cheers and wolf-whistles as he twisted in mid-air.
Steve had seen this dozens of times already, both live and during practice, but it still filled him with wonder. Most of the acts did now, having grown desensitized to the explicit content enough to actually appreciate them for the art they were.
His eyes jumped then to the crowd, ensconced in shadow and formless. His stomach did a twist at the sight, but a part of him wondered.
Would it be so bad to have all those eyes on him? Not a single one was judging- at least not at this point. The assholes tended to get filtered out after the first five shows or so, and by the end of the sets it was nothing but cheers and praise. Here was something more intimate than a karaoke bar, yet less hectic. There was a politeness to the crowd, a kind of respect and awe for those on stage.
And they weren’t just watching, either. The crowd was taking part, yelling and cheering when the performer took something off or did something exciting, like a call and response.
These were more than performances or acts. These were a kind of group collaboration; a give-and-take. It was awe-inspiring. It was breathtaking. It was burlesque.
And it made Steve think.
“Steve! Can you come tie me?” Someone called from the dressing area, shattering Steve’s musings. He gave one more look to Loki’s act, his artful spins as he hanged upside-down, his muscles taut and his body glitter shimmering in the light.
Steve left then, before he got too caught up in it. There were others that needed prep for their show, and he ought to help them now before Loki finished and needed Steve’s full attention again.
  
    Chapter Text
    “But how’s a nail salon any different than what you did?” Steve asked, sitting in his stool behind his easel.
Bucky didn’t answer immediately, as he was in the middle of sipping an energy drink. He was currently taking up the seat usually reserved for Steve’s customers, but there was a lunchtime lull that allowed him to get away with keeping it otherwise occupied.
And while Steve was technically still on duty, Bucky had taken his break, and he was spending the latter portion of it with Steve while he could. It was a fairly easy option considering his tent was only two spots over from Steve’s current setup.
Bucky hummed as he swallowed, pulling the can away from his mouth. “Depending on what you want, s’not that different, though they got fancier tools for it. A lot'a them go for the gel and the acrylics, and if the place is fancy, they might go all out with pedicures, facials, waxing; the whole shebang”
“Waxing?”
“Yeah, you know. Eyebrows mostly, sometimes the moustache area if the girls want it. Brazilians too”
Steve felt his cheeks heat. “As- as a group though?”
“I mean, they take you to the back for that, you’re not sitting in front of everyone for it” Bucky said, then took another sip.
Steve swallowed. Bucky said it like he had experience.
“Have you, uh, gone with them before?”
Bucky shook his head. “Nah, prefer to do my own stuff. Sharon goes every couple of months to treat herself, but it’s mostly a burlesque thing”
“Huh” Steve said, thinking that over.
He’d been invited to go along with the burlesque crew to their monthly salon outing several times now, prompted when they first saw his painted nails. He was doing fine maintaining them on his own, but had recently been wondering if he was missing out on anything special by not getting them done by a professional.
“So if I went, they’d just repaint them how I usually do anyway?” he asked, looking down at his pastel-blue nails.
“Pretty much, unless you want some fancy design or gemstones. Or are you thinking of getting acrylics now?”
Steve made a face. “Oh, god no. I don’t know how some of them hold a fork with those nails”
Bucky chuckled, eyes crinkling. “You know you can get shorter acrylics, right? They don’t all come in claw-length sizes”
“Pal, I’ve seen how good those nails hold up. There’s at least three chips per show, guarantee”
“It’s not like you’re doing the shows though”
Steve felt his mouth tick at that, but he ignored the feeling. “But I move a lot of props. If anything, I’m more likely to chip ’em” he said, then shook his head. “Nah, I think I’ll stick with doing my own nails”
“Hey, I’m not trying to convince you or nothin’” Bucky said, holding his hand up in mock surrender. “You were just asking is all”
“Yeah” Steve sighed, shoulders lowering from how he’d held them up defensively without realizing. He didn’t know why he’d gotten touchy all of sudden.
“So no salon then?”
“Guess not. Loki just made it sound like it was some heavenly experience; got me curious”
“He does have a way with words” Bucky agreed. “But honestly, you’re probably fine doing your own. It’s just some polish. Although,” he added, “if you were looking to get a little fancier, you can get a nail file and round out your edges, plus add some moisturizer. That’s what I do anyway, but my hands are meant for public consumption”
Steve’s eyes cut down to Bucky’s much flashier reds, thinking that they certainly were made to be seen.
“You think I should?” he asked, looking at his own nails once more. They didn’t look rough by any means, but his nail clippers definitely left some subtle ridges that made them just a little uneven.
“I mean, I doubt people are looking at your hands when you draw,” Bucky said. “They’re probably more focused on the drawing, but if it’s something you want-”
“BARNES!”
The two of them turned their heads as Bucky’s name was suddenly shouted, Steve furrowing his brow at the angered tone of voice.
Coming down the line of attractions was a man in office wear, with a stiff collared shirt and slacks.
“Buck, do you know that guy-?” Steve started to ask, but the words died on his tongue when he turned and saw Bucky’s face go pale.
“Shit” Bucky cursed, letting his drink drop in his haste to stand. He turned as if to run away, but the man yelled something that made Steve’s blood run cold.
“I WANT MY FORTUNE READ!” the man demanded, rolling up his sleeves like he was getting ready for a fight.
Steve saw the moment Bucky went tense. “Fuck. Fuck” he hissed under his breath, turning and walking towards the man who’d yelled out the very thing Bucky couldn’t say no to.
Anger flared in Steve’s chest, and he stood as well, moving to get ahead of Bucky.
“Hey pal, how about you walk away” Steve said coldly, meeting the man head-on. He had a good two-inches on him, though the guy was no slack and had enough muscles that spoke of being able to hold his own.
“Why don’t you mind your own business?” he shot back, shoving at Steve hard enough to push him aside, following Bucky into his tent.
Steve grit his teeth, incensed. He turned to duck under the tent flap, bracing himself.
Bucky had already taken his seat, head down so his hair hid his face, the deck set down in front of him.
“Tell me what I need to do to get the Roxxon account off of that weasel Brigston” the man all but ordered, slamming his hand on the deck.
Bucky pulled the first card, laying it down for the start of a read.
“You’re seeing a lack of growth in your career-” he started saying in a flat tone, but Steve tuned out the rest, focusing on the asshole standing at the table.
He grabbed the man by arm and forcefully pulled him back, yanking him hard enough that he stumbled out of the tent.
“Hey, fuck you!” the man snarled, catching his balance and baring his teeth at Steve.
“Walk away” Steve warned, standing at the ready and balling his hands into fists.
“What, you’re a tough guy? Think ‘cause you're big I’m gonna run?” he sneered. “I’ve knocked down guys twice your size at the gym, so go ahead”
Steve stayed rooted and unmoved by the threat. He’d also taken on guys twice his size when he was nothing but a beanpole- so no, he wasn’t intimidated. Hadn’t been in a long time.
And no matter his size- big or small- he never backed down from a fight.
Especially one that needed to be fought.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky’s hands shook, but he pulled the next card regardless.
The Sun, reversed.
“You need to show confidence in your abilities to your superior, while putting down others to highlight your own success” he said, listing off the card’s words by rote. He could hear raised voices, but he kept his head ducked and his attention focused on the cards. He just needed to get this over with. That’s all he needed to do, just get this over with.
Next was the Page of Pentacles.
“Your adversary is planning similar strategies, and will grasp at any opportunity to achieve his goals. You must be swift in your actions to achieve them before your rival takes them from you”
There was yelling now, but it was hard to hear the words under the anxious haze buzzing in Bucky’s ears. God, what if Rumlow asked for another reading?
He’d done it before. They all had, him and his ilk. Just one question after another, dozens of them lined up and waiting their turn. Hours and hours of readings, until his wrists were rubbed raw and his voice gone hoarse, but it didn’t matter. It never mattered, because the fountain never ran dry.
He pulled the next card. The sixth, and the last.
Dear god, let it be the last.
Six of Pentacles.
“If you succeed, your superior will value your skills over your adversary and favour you with generosity and status”
Bucky swallowed, feeling hollow relief as the tug at his wrists stopped. The reading was done- but was Rumlow done?
Bucky looked up through the curtain of hair he’d created, an old habit of defence, expecting to see Rumlow across the table from him with that predatory look on his face.
Except the seat in front of Bucky held nobody- more than that, it lay tipped over on its side.
Through the buzzing in his ears he heard the shouting that had been a background noise until now. His eyes widened as he looked beyond his tent, the panic-induced fog around his mind clearing-
“-fuckers, I’ll fucking sue you! I’ll sue you and this whole shitshow! I’ll sue your whore mothers!” Rumlow shouted where Steve held him in a bear hug, back to chest, with both of Steve’s arms wrapped solidly around Rumlow’s midsection keeping his arms pinned to his sides.
There was a growing crowd around them; some spectators, but mostly other workers who’d come to lend a hand with the commotion, redirecting those wandering by to keep walking.
He spotted several of the security details attempting to talk to talk Rumlow down, but the yelling man was having none of it, struggling in Steve’s grip.
Bucky stood from his seat stiffly, the urge to run held back only by his frozen fear. His pulse beat heavy in his chest as the scene played out in front of him.
“I want my goddamn reading!” Rumlow bellowed, and turned his hateful eyes on Bucky. “You hear me! I want my goddamn reading! You owe me you fucker! YOU OWE ME!”
And with another angry cry, Rumlow threw his head back, connecting with Steve’s face. Steve made an ugly grunting noise as blood immediately gushed from his nose, but his grip held strong.
“Alright buddy, you’re outta here” one of the security personnel said, and two of them came in to grab Rumlow’s arms at each side, relieving Steve of his hold.
They dragged Rumlow away like that, kicking and screaming, while someone took Steve by the shoulders and led him in the opposite direction, both men removed from Bucky’s sight. Another security worker ducked into Bucky’s tent then, looking concerned.
“Hey, you okay?” he asked. “That guy do anything to you?”
“I, uh” Bucky swallowed, cleared his throat. “No, no, I’m fine” he managed, though the paralysis of fear still held him where he stood.
“You sure? You wanna step away for a bit, maybe check in with medical?”
“I- yeah. Okay” Bucky said shakily, but made no move to step away.
The security worker frowned, the looked out the tent and waved someone over. A moment later and Hope appeared, still wearing her ‘wasp’ outfit, but without any of the live bees on her. Bucky missed what they said to each other, but then Hope turned to him.
“Max says he can walk you to medical if you like. I can close up the tent for you” she offered.
Bucky nodded numbly, and finally managed to get his legs to move. The security guy kindly stepped aside and gave him a little space, hand held out as if to guide him without actually touching. That was good, Bucky thought, because he didn’t think he could handle being touched just yet- not with the echo of the card’s hold still on his wrists.
He let himself be guided behind the rows of attractions to the less populated back alleys of the carnival, until he was brought around to the medical tent.
“Oh my god, Bucky!” Sharon said with worry, coming over when she spotted him approaching. “Are you hurt too?”
“I think he’s just shaken” the security worker answered when Bucky struggled to say anything.
“Yeah, I guess you would be, huh? Come on, I’ll get you some water and a blanket” She said, taking over from security and leading Bucky into the tent.
She sat him down in a chair and threw a thin, scratchy blanket over his shoulders, then handed him a bottle of water, cracking the lid for him before passing it.
“Thanks” Bucky managed before he guzzled down half the bottle.
“You okay?” Steve asked from the other end of the tent, which was when Bucky finally noticed him sitting there.
Bucky wiped the excess water from his mouth, feeling a little less shaky. “Yeah, I… I think I’m good” he said, smiling weakly. His smile quickly disappeared, however, when he saw thew bloody tissue Steve was holding up to his nose. More than that, he saw the split lip and the swelling on his cheekbone.
“Oh shit, are you okay?” he asked with a flush of worry. How badly had Rumlow hit him?
“Nothing I can’t handle” he said with a wry smile, his voice slightly nasally. There was a deep bloom of red on the bunched ball of tissues he held to his nose that didn’t give Bucky much confidence of that being true.
“Well nothin’s broken, I can tell you that” Sharon said, returning now with some gauze. Steve took the offered material and replaced the bloody tissues with them, tossing the red mess into a garbage bin at his side.
“Figured. Had my face broken in a few times already to know the difference”
“Oh, I know. I was there for a few of those, remember?”
“Sixth grade, right?”
“And seventh. And eighth” she listed sardonically, shaking her head at him.
“At least this time I got some good licks in. Gave him a mean gut-punch back there”
“Not face though?”
Steve shrugged where he sat. “Habit. You know how I was; could barely reach their faces back then, got used to aiming low”
“Oh yeah. Remember when you socked Eddie Cane in the nuts that one time?”
Steve laughed, eyes lighting up. “And he fell over crying”
Bucky smiled, the panicky feeling slowly leaving him as the two of them talked. It helped that the gauze at Steve’s nose didn’t seem to be soaked in blood as much as the tissues had been.
“So hey, did you want to press charges? We got the guy’s plate number when he drove away, can probably file that with the police and get a name”
“Oh, you don’t have to bother with that; that was Brock Rumlow” Bucky said.
The two of them looked to Bucky, brow raised. “So you know that guy?” Steve asked.
Bucky pulled the blanket tighter around his shoulders. “Yeah- well, sort of. He used to be one of my regulars when I was- when I was doing readings on the streets. He’s one of those Wall Street types, would throw me a couple hundred and keep me busy for hours.
“He was one of the few who threw extra cash my way to ‘keep me on retainer’ or whatever. It made it tough to get out from under their thumb, but I managed. Guess he finally tracked me down though”
“God, Bucky, I’m so sorry” Sharon said sympathetically. “Do you wanna press charges too? You can probably get a restraining order”
Bucky shook his head. “Nah, I don’t want my name in any systems. There’s more of him out there that can track me down; best I stay under the radar”
Sharon frowned at that, but didn’t push the issue.
“Does this happen often?” Steve asked.
“Every now and then someone finds me” Bucky said with a shrug, looking down and picking at his water bottle. “It’s not usually so bad; they don’t always cause a fuss like that, but I guess Rumlow had a bone to pick with me. Like I said, they threw a lot of cash my way. I guess he didn’t get his money’s worth”
Neither Steve nor Sharon looked happy at that, but eh, it was what it was. At least he had the carnival to protect him now.
And speaking of.
“But hey, thanks for helping me back there” Bucky said, giving Steve a grateful smile.
“Oh, don’t mention it. Anyone would’ve done the same. We look out for each other here, right?”
Bucky could help smiling at that. “We sure do. You might just make a carny out of yourself yet”
“You mean I’m not already?” Steve said jokingly.
“Talk to me when you can put up a tent”
“I- hey” Steve sputtered, while Sharon let out a bark of laughter. Bucky laughed along with her, enjoying how Steve’s cheeks turned pinkish.
“We still love you” Sharon assured through her laughter, patting him on the shoulder consolingly before moving to the front of the tent.
“Yeah yeah, a real laugh and a half over here” Steve grumbled, shifting the gauze under his nose to play off some of his embarrassment.
Bucky huffed as his laughter died down, then looked over to the empty seat beside Steve.
Ah, fuck it. It was dumb to have this conversation when they were on opposite sides of the medical tent, so Bucky pulled the blanket more securely around his shoulders and got up, taking the seat next to Steve.
Sharon was busy sorting something in her med kit, but he could see her giving them curious side-eyes while she did. It wasn’t complete privacy- especially with the open front facing the moving crowds of the carnival, but for now the two of them had a little bubble to themselves.
“Really though, thank you” Bucky said. “And I’m sorry you got hurt. Next time feel free to get security first, I can handle these guys for the five minutes it takes to get someone”
“Hey, no, I’m not just gonna sit around when something like that happens” Steve argued.
“But it’s their job to handle guys like these- what if he messed up your hand instead of your face? That could’ve cost you your work. It’s not worth it”
“You’re worth it”
That struck Bucky speechless, caught off-guard by the sincerity in those words. Steve’s own eyes widened when he realized what he’d said, and he looked away for a moment, clearing his throat.
“I- what I mean is,” Steve stammered, then stopped, took a breath. “You’re worth it to me because, because I like you” he said, voice going quiet at the admission.
Bucky pulled at the blanket on his shoulders more tightly, breath caught in his throat.
“And, I um, I don’t know if you feel the same way, but, if uh, if you’d like, I’d love to take you out for dinner or something, and, and maybe we can see where it goes?” he asked hopefully.
Bucky swallowed looking down so he wouldn’t have to confront those earnest, hopeful eyes. God, but they’d been circling around this for a while, hadn’t they? Bucky never thought it would actually happen, though.
Had never expected someone to be interested in him, not with the cards attached. Not when they knew all that entailed.
“It’s- it’s okay if not” Steve went on haltingly. “If that’s not something you want then we can just stick to friends and all that. Or, or you can take some time to think about it, I know I kinda sprung this on you at a bad time, it just came out and- oh”
While Steve had fallen down a rambling rabbit hole, Bucky wordlessly reached out and took his free hand in his, linking them together.
Bucky looked up shyly, and couldn’t help a small smile when he saw the stupid grin on Steve’s face as he held Bucky’s hand in turn.
“I, um, yes. I’d like to go dinner with you. Or something” he said. “As a date” he tacked on, just in case, because he was struggling to fully believe this was happening.
Steve looked just about as happy as could be. “Yeah, I, that would be-”
“Steve and Buck-y, sittin’ in a tree. K-I-S-S-I-N-G” Sharon interrupted as she sang gleefully from the other side of the tent, their little bubble of privacy popped.
“Sharon” Steve said with annoyance, turning to glare at her just as Bucky said “Come on, seriously?”
“Shut up, you guys are adorable. And slow, oh my god, I’ve been waiting forever for this” she laughed.
Steve made a frustrated noise, still glaring daggers at her. He didn’t let go of Bucky’s hand though; hadn’t even loosened his hold, and that made something warm bloom in Bucky’s chest.
“Can we have a moment here?” Steve asked irritable.
“Nope. You’re in my tent boys, and nothing goes on in here I don’t see” she said in a teasing tone, her grin huge and delighted.
“Awful” Steve said, shaking his head, “You’re awful”
“You love me”
“The worst”
“Terrible” Bucky added in, taking Steve’s side.
“The best” Sharon countered without shame, clearly enjoying this.
“Oh hey, look at that, my nose stopped bleeding” Steve said, pulling the gauze away from his nose, which had in fact stopped bleeding. “Guess we can leave- I, er, if you’re feeling up for it” he said, the last part coming out unsurely as he realized Bucky may still need to stick around.
“Yeah, I think I’m good to go” Bucky said, pulling the blanket off his shoulders and rolling it up intending to pass it back to Sharon to deal with.
Before he had a chance, however, Maria stepped into the tent with a grave look.
“You two okay?” she asked.
“I’m good” Steve said, then turned to Bucky questioningly.
“Yeah, I’m fine too. Just a little shaken is all” he said.
“You sure?” she asked, looking Steve over. Bucky glanced aside too, noting he had a small smear of dried blood under his nose, and a little at his chin too. There were also a few spots speckling his shirt at the collar.
“Yeah, just a nosebleed, nothing broken” Steve assured.
Maria nodded, taking his word for it. “We’ve already called the police to file a report, do either of you want to press charges?”
Bucky blanched, mouth pulling thin. “No; and if you could keep my name out of it, I’d appreciate it”
“Well I do want to press charges” Steve said, surprising Bucky. “People like that shouldn’t get to just walk away”
Steve was practically bristling now, his tone serious and lacking any of the shyness he’d shown when asking Bucky out. There was a sort of righteous confidence to him that was- to be frank- kinda attractive.
Bucky cleared his throat, looking down and letting go of Steve’s hand. “I’ll, ah, leave you guys to sort that out then. I don’t really want any part of it, if that’s alright”
Steve’s anger seemed to temper at that, briefly giving Bucky another look of concern. “You sure?”
He mustered up a weak smile, one he hoped would reassure Steve. “Yeah, I’m good. You can find me later when you’re done”
“Alright” Steve agreed, though now he looked like he wanted to change his mind and stick with Bucky, though he made no move to do that.
“I’ll see you guys later” Bucky said, waving as he stepped out of the tent and left them to it.
He sneaked around the back, expertly avoiding the main crowds until he reached the trailer section where there was nobody but his fellow workers. Word of Rumlow’s presence wouldn’t have reached this group just yet, and he could get away with slinking to his trailer unimpeded.
He figured his tent was fine if Hope had taken care of it, and he could probably get away with a longer break- he didn’t think Maria would hold it against him.
He sat down at the table and slouched in relief. He tugged off the glittery jewels from his hair and pulled off the many bracelets he wore, sighing. He would’ve rubbed at his eyes if there weren’t currently makeup on them.
“Fuck” he muttered in the silence of his trailer. Well that had been something.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out the ever-present tarot deck, planting them on the table.
“Are you satisfied?” he asked the cards bitterly. “I guess I’m dating him now. Does that make you happy? Am I fucked now?”
He pulled the top card and revealed it.
A man in his likeness, chained under a sky of red stars.

  The Prisoner does not ask questions.

“Yeah yeah” Bucky muttered, flicking the card into the air and watching it flutter down to the floor. He leaned back and tilted his head, closing his eyes.

  What did I just get myself into?

  
    Chapter Text
    “So I, uh, asked Bucky out” Steve said, feeling his cheeks heat at the admission.
“No way”
“Really? That’s great!”
“About time!”
He felt his cheeks heat even more at the lauds from H crew, the guys giving him congratulatory pats on the shoulder or a playful nudge in the ribs.
“It’s not a big deal” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck.
“‘Not a big deal’ my keister, you been talking that boy up for months. We almost started a betting pool for when you’d ask!” Hank, also known as Marbles, said with a laugh.
“I- just- you guys knew?”
“Picasso, just about everybody knew. You were makin’ more moon eyes than a cat at a fish market”
That got a laugh from the rest of the guys, who gave Steve another playful shove that he returned right back, feeling his blush travel down his neck. It seemed nobody was surprised by him and Bucky besides himself.
The group of them were making their way through town, out on a snack run as a crew. Steve had been invited to join, and he figured he might as well share while they were together. More so he could break the news while not on carnival grounds, where the rowdy bunch were apt to draw the attention of everybody nearby.
But from what they were saying, it didn’t seem to matter. News of his and Bucky’s relationship would probably be old hat by the end of the day with how gossip spread.
“Alright, well, thanks for not making a thing about it I guess”
“Aw, don’t be like that. S’just plain to see the two o’ yous are head over heels”
“Yeah, it’s real cute is all. Really, we’re happy for ya”
“Indeed” Thor agreed, “A most wonderful development! And maybe now my brother will stop with his endless complaints”
Steve furrowed his brow. “Complaints?”
“Oh yes. He’s always going on about how ‘Steve’s so distracted’, ‘Steve’s so infatuated’, ‘Steve almost ruined my makeup fawning over Bucky’. I had to talk him out of setting you two up actually- but don’t tell him I told you that”
Oh, well that was a surprise. He’d gotten a few irritated snaps when he spaced out, but he hadn’t realized it was that noticeable. He supposed it was good Loki took his complaints to his brother and not directly in Steve’s face.
“Huh” was all Steve had to say on that.
“So, any big date plans?” Mort asked.
“Not- not really. I was thinking maybe we start small, you know? Have another movie night like usual”
“But as a date, right?”
“Yeah, as a date. I’m actually gonna pick up some snacks for it while we’re out”
There was a disapproving uproar from the guys at that.
“Picasso, no, what are you thinkin’? You work at a carnival”
“My man, I run the popcorn stand. I can hook you up with the premium kernels”
“You want a strawberry shortcake? ‘Cause I know the guy who runs that, I can get you a whole dang cake”
“Can’t go wrong with the hot dogs. Nobody hates hot dogs, he’s gonna love it”
“Really?” Steve asked unsurely. “But I’ve never seen Bucky eat any of the carnival foods. I don’t even see you guys eat the stuff”
“Well yeah, you’ll get a heart attack eating that every day”
“But every once in a while-”
“-as a treat-”
“-now that’s something different”
Steve wasn’t wholly convinced. “I dunno; feels kinda lazy. I was thinking of grabbin’ something he’s not surrounded by all day”
“At least get him the popcorn. You guys are watching a movie, right? Can’t go wrong with some popcorn. I’ll make it healthy too, only an eighth of the butter and salt” Hank assured.
“I guess…”
“Hey, no guessing. Guaranteed he’ll love it!” he said, clapping Steve on the back. The other guys threw in their own reassurances.
“Alright, I’ll take the popcorn- but I’m buying him something too!”
“Atta boy!”
They kept up their litany of encouragement the rest of the way to the store, giving Steve a multitude of advice that for the most part he either already knew or was definitely not going to follow, but the intention was good and he appreciated the support all the same.
He was thankfully given some respite from their well-meaning advice once they got to the store, the lot of them splitting to grab whatever it was they needed.
On his own, he took some time debating and comparing options, but Steve eventually picked out a few items that he thought would be good for his date tonight.
On his way to the register he spotted Thor at the hair-care aisle, and veered towards him instead.
“Hey” he greeted, coming up beside him.
“Hello! Got your date delicacies I see” Thor said, motioning to Steve’s basket.
“Yeah, bit of this and that. How about you, finding something for your luscious locks?” Steve asked jokingly, seeing as Thor’s hair was buzzed short with some zig-zag patterns on the sides.
“I wish. No, my days of long hair and braids are far behind me. Loki, however, has asked me to acquire his very specific brand of moisturizer, which I’m not seeing anywhere on these shelves” he said in discontent.
“Honestly” he went on, “I don’t know why I agreed. He always seems to ask for things that never exist when I look for them. Half the time I think he’s making them up”
“Well what kind did he ask you to get?”
“Serpent-tine Moisture”
Steve frowned. “That does sound made up”
“See, that’s the problem. They all sound made up” Thor said with a wave at all the various products.
The two of them stood there for a moment in silence, the both of them scanning the shelves for the so-called bottle of moisturizer, while Steve though how to word a question that had been eating at him for a while.
“Hey, so Thor” Steve started. “What got you into burlesque? What was the appeal?”
Thor seemed surprised by the question, his eyebrows rising before a grin split his face.
“Oh, well that’s easy. I got into it on a bet” he laughed. “I’m a sucker for a good wager, and my brother seemed to think I couldn’t handle a dress and heels while on stage- well, my good friend, let me tell you I handled it mightily.
“And what’s more, I got to see my brother’s look of defeat when he couldn’t so much as hammer a single peg into the soft earth”
Steve laughed at the image of that, thinking of Loki and his delicate hands holding a huge sledgehammer and failing to hit it hard enough.
“Now, why I keep doing burlesque, that’s a whole other story. At first it was just to annoy my brother, but then I found I started to like it on its own. Something about a room full of people cheering me on while I sing in a dress really boosts a man’s confidence”
“But doesn’t it make you nervous? All those people…”
“Why, that’s exactly why I’m not nervous! You’ve seen those crowds; everyone loves it! It’s nothing but praise while you’re up there, and even if there’s someone judging, the lot of them mean nothing. You can practically feel the joy of the masses”
“Huh” Steve said, looking back at the hair products as he thought that over. Loki had made it seem like a thing about control, but Thor’s perspective was more of uplifting excitement- something to revel in and have fun with.
“Interesting” he added.
“Indeed” Thor agreed. “But tell me: why do you ask?”
Steve shrugged noncommittally, feeling self-conscious at the question. “Just curious I guess. I see those other guys performing, but they do it full-time. I figured you’d have a different take seeing since you don’t do it too often”
“That is fair. I suppose I could do it full-time if I wished, but nay, it’s something I’m better suited for when the mood strikes me”
Steve nodded. He could understand that.
Eventually Thor gave up on his quest, accepting defeat on a task that had a fifty-fifty chance of being a prank anyway. The two of them made their way to the checkout, where they met up with the rest of H crew as they trickled out.
“So what’cha get for your date?” one of them asked, peering curiously at Steve’s bag.
“A couple things, snacks mostly, and some stuff to make sandwiches”
“Sandwiches?”
“It’s, you know. For supper”
“For a first date? Don’t you want something a little more… romantic?”
Steve flushed. “It is romantic. Like a picnic”
“But indoors?”
“I- it’s- we’re taking it slow!” Steve defended.
“Hey, not saying it’s bad or nothing”
“Yeah, we just wanna get an idea of what you’re going for is all”
“You know we don’t mean anything by it”
Steve got a few pats on the back from the guys, their way of apologizing he supposed. And maybe he was being a little sensitive about it- after all, this was his first relationship in years, and it was on rocky ground to begin with.
He was lucky enough to have Bucky as a friend, never mind having him as a boyfriend. And the way Bucky could get skittish at times- understandable given the issues he had to live with- had Steve walking on eggshells. He didn’t want to push too hard, and figured going slow with their usual movie night was a good place to start.
From an outside perspective though, he could see where the guys were coming from. When you did something regularly, what made it so special?
Well, Steve was going to make it special. Sure, it was just a few sandwiches and snacks, but that in and of itself was new, and could make all the difference.
Now to see if Bucky thought so too.
  
    Chapter Text
    The end credits started to roll, but neither Steve nor Bucky made a move to get up.
The two of them were in Bucky’s trailer, sitting in an almost cuddle with Bucky leaning up against him while Steve had his arm over Bucky’s shoulders.
In all, their first date had gone… really well. It was exactly as Steve had hoped- which was to say, a normal movie night but with a little bit extra.
They’d eaten their sandwiches and the snacks Steve had brought, talked about nothing in particular, and laughed along with the movie. They’d sat a little closer than they usually did, and Steve didn’t feel nervous about putting him arm on Bucky this time around.
It was comfortable, it was nice, and it was exactly what Steve had been aiming for. Nothing too flashy, nothing too big, and nothing demanding. There was no pressure on either of them, because after all, it was just another movie night.
And now it had come to an end, and Steve was wishing it could last a little longer. To feel the warmth of Bucky’s body against his side for another few moments and share in the euphoric feeling of knowing Bucky wanted to share it.
But the movie had finished, and it was growing late.
“I guess I better head out” Steve said, lifting his arm off of Bucky and letting him scooch out of the seat first.
“Yeah, guess so. You don’t wanna break curfew” Bucky joked, and Steve let out a huff.
“You know, sometimes Loki makes me feel like I got one”
“Don’t tell me he makes you go to bed at a certain time”
Steve laughed. “Oh, not like that. Let’s just say he gets mean if you wake him up is all”
Bucky chuckled in turn, following Steve as he made his way out the trailer door.
“So, this was nice” Bucky said, leaning out the trailer door.
Steve had gone down the steps, and it left Bucky standing taller than him. Steve tucked one hand in his jeans pocket while the other rubbed the back of his neck. “Good, that’s… good. I had a good time too” he said.
“I also really liked the popcorn. Was that from the kernel stand?”
Steve flushed, still feeling self-conscious of bringing carnival food on their first date.
“Uh, yeah. I got it with less salt and butter than they serve the guests”
“Oh, I could tell” Bucky laughed. “Actually tasted like real food”
“You didn’t mind?”
Bucky scoffed. “Pff, are you kidding? I don’t think I’ve had popcorn in… jeez, years now. You sorta lose the craving after a while of working around it all day, but you also forget what it tastes like too. So yeah, I didn’t mind”
Steve smiled, feeling his cheeks flush for a different reason now. With the happy look Bucky was giving him- hell, he wished he could draw him just then.
“So, I uh, guess I’ll see you tomorrow” Steve said, tucking his other hand in his pocket too.
“Yeah”
Steve made no move to leave, however, and the two of them just stood there silently. Bucky cleared his throat, rubbing at his arm.
“Hey, um. What I said before,” Bucky said, “I mean it; this was really nice. I had a really good time. So, thank you”
Then, before Steve could react, Bucky leaned down and gave him a peck on the cheek.
“Alright, goodnight!” Bucky said just as fast as he’d kissed, hastily stepping back and closing the door in Steve’s face.
Steve was too stunned to feel offended by the hasty exit, instead bringing a hand up to touch the spot Bucky had kissed.
Slowly, a smile widened on his face as a warm feeling pooled in his stomach. He started to make his way back to his trailer with a spring in his step, his cheek pleasantly tingling with the ghost of Bucky’s touch.
Yeah, the evening had gone well.
 

 
Bucky quickly closed the door in Steve’s face and immediately retreated to the couch, a hand over his mouth while his thoughts ran through variations of why did I do that?!
He sat down with a huff and groaned, covering his face with his hands.

  Why did I DO that?

The urge had just… come out of nowhere! Steve had been looking up at him with his stupid handsome face and his stupid adorable blush and just- that earnest look he had!
And then Bucky had run away before Steve could say anything like a coward. Fuck, what if he’d been too forward?
Oh, who was he kidding? Steve had practically been purring on their date the whole time Bucky had cuddled at his side. He was probably dancing with joy out there.
Ugh, and wasn’t it telling that Bucky knew Steve enough to guess that.
Still, he was mortified by his own brash kiss. Bucky didn’t do kisses.
He didn’t even do dates!
But then, nobody he’d ever been with knew about the cards- and if they did, they promptly left his ass. The best he’d gotten were a handful of one-night stands, and those were easy. They all knew he was with the carnival and would pack up the next day and be gone in a week. No strings attached.
Dating within the carnival was a whole different can of worms though. Bucky saw first hand how those relationships went. Either spectacularly great or spectacularly disastrous with no room in the middle.
There was no such thing as a cordial breakup among carnies, and you either had a partner for life or a new sworn enemy.
And shit, both of those were terrifying thoughts. Did Bucky even want a life partner? He certainly didn’t want an enemy- not with how the cards said that would go.
Shit, shit, did he just trap himself into a lifelong commitment?!
Bucky put a hand on his chest, feeling his breath coming fast. Oh god, oh god, did he just set events into motion?
Suddenly there was a knock at the door, and a moment later it was opening.
“It’s Clint, I’m coming inside! Tell if you’re not wearing pants!” he announced loudly, stepping in with a hand covering his eyes. Once he was inside, Clint peeked out from between his fingers, and seeing it was only Bucky in the trailer, lowered his hand.
“Oh, did he leave already?” Clint asked.
“Am I making a mistake?!” Bucky asked in distraught.
“Whoa, okay. First of all, breathe” Clint said, coming to sit next to Bucky.
“Come on, one in, two out” Clint said, gripping Bucky’s shoulder lightly.
Bucky bounced his leg, taking an exaggerated breath in as Clint instructed.
“Great, now let it out. Good, just keep breathing for a minute”
They sat like that for the prescribed minute as Bucky got his breathing under control with Clint’s help.
“Alright, you wanna tell me what happened?”
“I kissed him” Bucky said, sinking back into the couch. He brought both hands up to hide his face, mortified.
“And that was… bad? Did he use too much tongue?” Clint asked sympathetically.
“Did he-? No! It was on the cheek, and I kissed him”
“And he didn’t like that?”
“No, he liked it fine. I think. It doesn’t matter” Bucky said, flustered. “The kiss isn’t the point. Am I making a mistake with Steve? Like, being with him?”
Clint blew out a breath. “That’s a big question to ask after a first date”
Bucky groaned, sinking deeper into the couch. Maybe it would swallow him; that would solve all his problems right there.
“Okay, well. Do you like him?”
“Yeah”
“And does he make you happy?”
“Yeah”
“And there’s nothing bad about him, right?”
“… yeah”
“So what’s the problem?”
Oh, but how did he explain this whole mess? With honesty?
Ah, fuck it.
“So, you know how that first reading I did said Steve was gonna do something terrible to me?” Bucky asked.
“I recall, yes”
“So, that”
“Ah”
There was a stretch of silence, and Bucky peeked out from his hands to see Clint was visibly thinking.
“Well, uh, what exactly did his fortune say?”
“‘You will be confined to your fate. You will be bound to your death’” Bucky listed off by rote. He’d long since memorized the words, but this was the first time he’d said them aloud since that awful night, and a chill ran up his spine at repeating them.
“Okay, but it’s like… based off your interpretation, right? Like if you read it bad, you get- you do that thing, you know? So maybe it was just you looking at it wrong. Aren’t you always complaining people think the Death card is bad when it just means change? Maybe this is a good death”
Bucky sighed. The problem was, the Death card never made an appearance. This was death death, the literal kind, and it was directed at Bucky.
But Clint wouldn’t understand. He still thought this was all in Bucky’s head, and he was trying his best to tiptoe around what he wanted to say, which was that Bucky was imagining it. Props for the attempt though.
Rather than say any of that however, Bucky just went ahead and placated Clint’s worry. “Yeah, I guess so. Could be I read ‘em wrong” he said with some reluctance, like he was begrudgingly seeing Clint’s point.
Hey, at least this had distracted him enough from his panic attack.
“There, see? Just a little mix up, no big deal. And Steve’s really a nice dude, so I don’t think you have anything to worry about- but, you know, if he does do something, I know some guys who can hide a body-”
Bucky snorted, shoving at Clint’s shoulder. “Shut up” he laughed.
Clint laughed too, bumping him back. “Seriously, we got your back. If something does happen, there ain’t a single person here who wouldn’t be in your corner”
Bucky smiled, touched by the sentiment even though he wasn’t reassured. “Thank man” he said.
“Any time. And now, if you don’t mind, I’m gonna steal your leftover date snacks”
Bucky huffed, letting Clint help himself to the last few crumbs of chips and popcorn. It was only fair though, seeing as he’d given him and Steve the trailer for the evening far later than he usually did.
As Bucky watched Clint scarf down the snacks, his smile fell from his face.
Was he making a mistake? Had he played right into the cards’ hand?
Well, it was too late now.
He’d just have to see where this new relationship took him
  
    Chapter Text
    They kept at their weekly movie nights, sometimes twice a week if they could swing it, and things went on.
Bucky spent his days working his tent, and his free time with friends, Steve featuring more prominently even outside their private time together.
Steve, meanwhile, worked his art booth, drawing up portraits of people and painting the faces of young children in fanciful designs.
On Mondays they packed up, and Tuesdays they set it all up again somewhere new, and then started the whole routine all over again.
Steve slowly worked through his poster series, meeting up with different performers to sketch them out. So far he’d done up all the headlining burlesque crew as well as the freak show, and all that was left were the last four general acts.
He needed to meet up with the T’Challa to get him and his ‘big cats’, watch one of Pepper’s fire-breathing acts to get the flames down right- not to mention her numerous tattoos- and track down Richard the contortionist.
His fourth subject, however, was Bucky. The fortune telling tent was one of the many staples of the carnival, and Maria had wanted it included in the set.
Steve was both looking forwards and dreading it, nerves making his normally skilled hands hesitate. All these weeks spent around Bucky, and he’d only managed a few rough sketches and outlines in his spare time.
A portrait could be something very intimate, Steve found. Normally that wasn’t a problem, especially if he already knew the person. Sharon, for example, was a delight to draw, to unearth her bubbly personality and put it on paper.
Funny enough though, it was that very reason he was having trouble getting himself to draw Bucky.
He knew Bucky too well, and he was afraid of putting something down on the canvas that would reflect poorly. Not that Steve saw anything bad about Bucky, but…
Well, the man had a haunted look to him sometimes- and for a good reason, but still. It was a look Steve was worried he might capture in his art, throwing Bucky’s troubles back in his face like mirror.
Steve was no coward, though, and he’d been working up to the task all week, so much so that he decided to do Bucky’s next rather than leave it for last.
After all, the sooner he got it done, the sooner he could stop worrying about it.
Hence why he was here, standing outside Bucky’s tent at the end of his shift, ducking under the flap.
Bucky had his CLOSED sight up already, and was packing up his money box just as Steve entered. He looked up and smiled when he saw it was Steve at his tent.
“Oh hey”
“Hey” Steve greeted, eyes glancing down briefly to catch a small pile of bills peeking out of the box. “Good haul today?”
Bucky shrugged, shutting the box with a soft click. “Eh, no more than usual. One lady tipped though, so that was nice”
“Oh? Good fortune?”
“Yeah, her daughter’s gonna find love in the next four or five years and give her grand kids at some point”
Steve huffed. “Damn, sounds pretty lucky”
“Well, you know, it’s not always bad news with these things” he said. As Bucky set the money box aside, he tilted his head to get a better look at the items under Steve’s arm. “Don’t you normally have more?” he asked, referring to the bundle under Steve’s arm.
Usually the two of them ended their weekday sideshow shifts together, and yes, Steve would have much more packed up from his booth, but he’d come here for a different reason besides closing up together.
“Actually, I closed up early. Hoped I’d catch you before you packed in. It’s your turn for the posters”
“I was wondering when you’d ask me” Bucky smiled, leaning back in his seat. “Alright. Get the flaps and then paint me like one of your French girls”
“You are,” Steve said pointedly as he closed up the tent flaps, “the ninth person to make that joke”
“Aw shoot, and here I was thinkin’ I was special”
“Haha” Steve said flatly, opening his easel and setting it in front of Bucky’s table, pulling out the chair to conscript it for his own use.
“So how do you want me?” Bucky asked, picking up the deck and sending the cards flying from one hand to the other.
“I was actually gonna ask you that” Steve said as he set up the canvas. He already knew he wanted to make Bucky’s poster feature him sitting at his table, but beyond that he’d left it open.
He’d done a similar thing with the other posters, asking the input of his subjects on what they thought would represent them best, and then Steve would make whatever tweaks were needed from there.
“Really? Aren’t you supposed to be designing these things?”
“Yeah, but you know your act best. What pose do you think gets across what you do? Let’s start from there”
Bucky seemed to think on that a moment, shuffling the cards between his hands as he did. Steve left him to think on that while he finished setting up.
He also took in the background and lighting of the space. With the tent flap closed it was darker, the illumination of the lanterns giving everything a soft, mysterious glow- just like that first night Steve had come in. It made the space more intimate, shutting out the world beyond.
Steve imagined this helped Bucky get the mystical atmosphere he was aiming for when he put on his show with the cards.

  Don’t have to imagine too hard though.

No, seeing Bucky now, Steve was transported back to that magical night- before it had turned sour, of course- and how beautiful Bucky looked.
He knew a little of it was the accoutrements: the jewellery, the makeup, the shawl; but beneath it all was Bucky. Gorgeous Bucky, with his kind eyes that spoke of a softness despite all the hardships he’d endured, and was still enduring.
Steve almost got lost in it until Bucky spoke, thankfully not noticing Steve’s slip.
“I guess if I had a spread on the table, maybe holding my hands all wizardly” he said, putting down the deck and holding his hands out like he was casting a spell.
Steve considered it, liking the idea, although…
“Okay, but what if you were holding one of the cards. They’re the main part of the show, right?”
“Hmm, yeah, yeah; that would work” Bucky agreed. “But, uh, if you’re thinking of having any specific cards facing up, you’re gonna have a tough time with that. I can’t exactly control what gets drawn. I mean, it’ll just be a bunch of Prisoner cards if I do it”
“That’s fine, I can look up what tarot cards usually look like and pick a few- and I’m probably going to make them blurry and vague anyway. We don’t want the focus to be on the results of the reading, we just want people to know there are going to be cards”
Bucky nodded. “Alright, well, a reading is usually six cards, so-”
Bucky started dealing out the cards, laying them face up on the table. Steve looked at them and frowned, seeing six identical cards that showed a man on his knees, chained under a sky of red stars.
He thought back to everything Bucky had said about the cards. Was this still a trick? Steve had seen Bucky do readings- he knew there were other cards in the deck. He even done some cursory research on tarot decks, and learned all about the four suits and the trump cards; or rather, the minor and major arcana.
But Bucky had said whenever he pulled a card for himself, it only ever came up as the Prisoner. Was he doing that on purpose? Was he doing it consciously, or tricking even his own mind?
Was it real?
Steve still didn’t know, but now wasn’t the time to wonder.
Bucky finished setting out six cards, then set the deck aside. Then he picked a card from the bottom of the spread and held it up so the back faced Steve, doing the flourishing pose he’d done earlier. “So like this?” he asked, looking to Steve for approval.
Steve took in the composition, how Bucky’s jewellery glittered and his features popped with the added shadows of the soft light.
“Actually… Can you put your shawl up, like a hood? Part of the posters need to be vague enough that you can’t tell exactly who’s on it”
“Why not?”
“Well, the safe answer is for style; but if you ask me, I think Maria and Fury want to be able to reuse the posters even if someone quits, and this way they can’t argue about their likeness”
Bucky huffed at that. “Nice, really feeling the love there”
“Hey, you know how much these posters are costing them? I don’t blame them for wanting some security on their investment”
“I guess”
“And anyway, it really does play into the style”
“Whatever you say, moneybags” Bucky grinned.
Steve laughed at that, shaking his head. “Aw, shaddup and put your hood on”
Bucky chuckled along with him, flipping up his shawl so it turned into a hood, masking his features in shadow.
Steve got to work sketching him out, starting with the outline and filling in the basic shapes of his body- of the table and the cards spread out beneath him.
He started to lose himself in the drawing, taking care to capture all the features while at the same time muting the fine detail. He took in the folds of his shawl, the shadow over his face.
He took in the face, the smooth lines. He almost caught himself adding bags under Bucky’s eyes, the way he usually looked without makeup, but then, that wasn’t what the poster was for. He had to capture his stage appearance, not the everyday look that Steve had grown to love even more.
So he carefully added the obscured features. The neck going up to a dimpled chin, the slight smirk of the mouth, the curve of a nose, the eyes- those sweet, kind eyes. Those grey eyes, that were soft and welcoming and, and-
And sad, Steve realized.
Underneath it all, he was sad. Hopeless. Resigned.
The cards had taken their toll, and he lived every day under their weight.
Steve swallowed, blinking out of his thoughts. He always got a bit carried away when he studied his subjects like this, but this time- this time it hit hard. It broke Steve’s heart to see these things in Bucky’s face, and he wanted nothing more than to pull Bucky into his arms and hold him in his safe embrace, away from his troubles.
Away from his cards.
Taking a steadying breath and hoping his face didn’t give away any of his thoughts, Steve forcefully made himself move on, having finished Bucky’s face anyway.
Next he moved down to his shoulders, then his arms. He drew them out in the soft light, working his way to the hands. Hands he knew to be soft from having held them in his own, the touch shared in the dark of a trailer while they kept their gaze on a movie.
Hands he knew to be skilled from seeing him perform so many tricks with his cards- and who knew there were so many ways to shuffle a deck!
The showmanship, the skill, it was all mesmerizing. Paired with the nails and the gold bangles on his wrists, it all came together to draw the eyes to the palm of his hands- both figuratively and literally. Bucky controlled the show, making it more than just a fortune telling. He made it into an art.
As Steve drew the many bracelets, he paused for a moment, blinking in confusion.
There, on Bucky’s wrist was…
A string?
It was thin and silver, just barely a flash. Steve had to squint slightly to see it. It kept disappearing, like an optical illusion, or a trick of the light.
The string looked to be wrapping around Bucky’s wrist, curving upwards until it connected with the card he held.

  What the-?

Was this the string Bucky used for his tricks? The ones that cut him so badly when things went wrong?
It was so thin though! Practically invisible; how did he even work with something like that?
Steve suppressed a shiver, not wanting to think too hard on it- but god, that thing must hurt when it pulled at his skin. How did he bear it?
Steve looked back to his drawing, and stopped, shocked to see he’d actually drawn the string without thinking. It was there, just as faint as it was in front of him, barely thinner than a hair.
Feeling shamed, he hastily erased the line. He didn’t think Bucky would appreciate any attention being drawn to it.
From there the rest of the sketch came together easily, filling in the space for the one card Bucky held, a red star at its center. Then, he continued down the table to draw five rough rectangles to act as placeholders for the cards. Later, he would look up some tarot cards and do a vague impression of their faces, but for now this was enough.
“Alright, and now I just need a picture for reference,” Steve said, pulling out his phone and taking a quick snapshot, “Aaand we’re done”
“Finally. How do people sit this long for your portraits?” Bucky said, breaking his pose and slumping back in his chair.
Steve gave him a sympathetic grimace. “To be fair, I don’t do as detailed work on them. I’m really just doing a quick sketch with those people, like a practice drawing. This, though,” Steve said, picking up the canvas and flipping it around for Bucky to see, “This takes a little while longer”
“Holy hell” Bucky said, eyes widening in wonderment. He sat up and leaned forward, taking a closer look at the image.
“It’s still a little rough,” Steve explained, “and I haven’t coloured it yet, but yeah, this is my commission quality of work”
“Damn, I can see how you could afford a mortgage off this” Bucky said, admiring the piece.
Steve smiled with pride, glad Bucky liked it. “Thanks. I practised hard to get to where I am”
“You know, I only really got to see part of Loki’s that one time, but are your others like this? Can I see them sometime?”
“Oh, sure. If you want, we can grab some supper and then head back to my trailer, I can show you my other pieces. Most of them are coloured in too”
“Sounds good” Bucky agreed, getting up and stretching. “I’ll meet you at the mess, gotta drop off my earnings and change first”
“Yeah, I’ll see you there. Gotta put away my stuff anyway” Steve said, collecting his art supplies and folding up the easel.
The two of them walked out together, making their way towards their respective trailers. Steve’s trailer, thankfully, was on the way to Bucky’s, and he didn’t have to spend an embarrassing amount of time looking for it. He’d gotten good enough to know the general location of it at least, but he always managed to make a wrong turn somewhere along the way.
Eventually they parted, and Steve made his way into his trailer, finding it empty.
He went and placed Bucky’s poster sketch carefully on his bed, then pulled out his other pieces so he could show Bucky later.
That went pretty well, Steve thought as he did so, relieved he hadn’t screwed up his drawing on the one person it really mattered for.
Though it was a near thing, thinking back on it. He’d almost included the string at Bucky’s wrist, and wouldn’t that have just spoiled the mood?
Thankfully he hadn’t, and the evening had turned out nice. Better than nice- he was going to get to show Bucky his other work, something he’d only shown Maria and Fury so far so they could keep apprised of his progress.
Things were going well, and he couldn’t be happier.
He just hoped he didn’t mess it up somehow.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Sooo, how are you and Bucky doing?” Sharon asked, swishing her tail in the water.Steve quickly swallowed the bite of his sandwich he’d just taken, having come to Sharon’s tank to keep her company during his early lunch. There was a lull this weekend with the weather being overcast, and they were looking at a small turnout.It was as close as could be counted for a slow day, and just about everyone was feeling it. There was less pep to the performances, especially with talk of a thunderstorm on the way keeping everyone pessimistic.Not Sharon however, who didn’t mind spending the afternoon in her tank despite nobody to show off to.“We’re doing good, why?” he said after hastily swallowing his bite.She swished her tail some more. “Oh you know. People talking about you guys, saying how cute you are together. I just wanted to hear from the source”“Well, you got it. We’re doing fine”“And?”“And what? There’s nothing else to tell”“Oh come on, give me something! Have you kissed? Did you two make out?” she asked, waggling her eyebrows.“Sharon” he said, giving her a pointed look.“Aw, come on. I won’t tell anybody”He sighed, taking another bite of his sandwich to buy some time. It didn’t work too well with Sharon’s expectant gaze honed in on him, but points for effort at least.“Okay” he relented, putting his sandwich down. “So we’ve kissed a little- but just on the cheek, nothing else”“What? But you guys have been dating for like, almost two months!”“We’re taking it slow!” he defended.“Yeah, like a couple of sloths! Come on, why don’t you make a move already? I think by now you can be sure he likes you”Steve shrugged, picking at the wrapper of his food. “I dunno, doesn’t feel right. And, uh, what if it leads to… you know? We can’t exactly do that kinda thing around here”“What thing?”“You know. Sex” he said in a hushed tone, making sure there weren’t any customers around to overhear- or worse, other performers.Sharon snickered at his tone, her face crinkling with laughter. “Yes you can. You totally can”“Yeah, but. People will know” he said, feeling his cheeks heat at the thought.There were a few downsides to living out of trailers, but one of them was a very big lack of privacy. It wasn’t helped that Steve and Bucky lived in different trailers, and so if they wanted to do certain… activities, they’d have to first make sure their respective roommate didn’t come around and catch them in the middle of it.More so, the trailers weren’t exactly sound-proof or stable in a structural sense. On more than one occasion, Steve had come across a trailer that had been a rockin’, and it was pretty obvious what was going on even if the participants were being quiet as a mouse.“I mean, not if you’re subtle.” Sharon said with a wink. “Take it at that sloth pace you’re going at”Steve rubbed at his cheek, trying to dispel the heat that had blossomed there. “I, uh, maybe. We’ll just see how it goes”“Ooor, you know what else you can do?” she said slyly, putting her chin in her hands. “You guys can split a room next time” she said, referring to the motel room they all pooled in on to get at least one night of sleep on a real bed, not to mention a real heated shower.Steve furrowed his brow, thinking on it. “But what about Clint and Loki? Those two hate each other, so we can’t just switch off”“Then switch with me” Sharon said. “I usually bunk with Darcy, but I’m sure she’d be fine with Clint for a night”“And you’d take Loki?” Steve asked with skepticism.Sure, he and Loki got along decently, but it helped that Steve had patience and a willingness to abide by Loki’s many eccentricities. Being friends with his brother helped some too.But even with all that, Steve wasn’t blind. Loki could be… a lot to handle, especially when sharing a space.And on top of that, Sharon had her own bullheadedness, and he didn’t see her acquiescing to Loki like Steve did to keep the peace.She didn’t seem put off by it though. “I think I can handle one night” she said with a shrug.“I dunno… he kinda hogs the bathroom in the mornings, and I know you have your own makeup routine you gotta do”“Eh, we’ll work it out; and besides, it’s only one night. It’s not like I’m gonna make a habit of it or anything. Just think of it as my treat”“I don’t know how to feel about that” Steve said, thinking of how she was practically setting him up for sex. And that was all assuming if Bucky even wanted to take things further.“Don’t be a prude, and anyway, you can make a whole evening of it. Take him out to dinner, make it special. What’s the worst that can happen, you guys go to bed and spoon?”That didn’t sound bad, honestly. Steve would give anything just to spend a night spooning Bucky.“Tell you what,” he said, “I’ll think about it” 
 That night, he and Bucky were in Bucky’s trailer, Clint politely gone to drink with others to give the two of them privacy. Steve would feel bad that they were sending him away so often, but Clint was a social butterfly who more than enjoyed his time out.Also, it was easier to ask Clint to give them the trailer than it was Loki, who’d rather third wheel the two than be kicked out of his own space.So here they sat, Steve leaning back and Bucky leaning into his chest, cuddling on the couch while a movie played on the laptop across from them. Steve had trouble focusing on it though, what with Sharon’s words echoing through his head.It was true that they hadn’t gotten intimate yet, but Steve was in no rush. What he was, however, was thoughtful.So far it had mostly been Steve making the first moves. Yes, Bucky made a few now and then, but altogether he was reserved and decidedly chaste.Maybe it wasn’t a question of not being ready, and more of being too hesitant. Maybe Bucky wanted to move forward just as much as Steve, but was afraid to start anything.So maybe… maybe Steve took the step first.As the movie played on, Steve turned to face Bucky, ignoring the screen. He took a moment to just take in Bucky’s face, how it was illuminated under the glow of the laptop. The curve of his nose, the dip into his lips. What would he be like to kiss them, he wondered.Moving slowly, Steve gently bent down and nuzzled his nose into the side of Bucky’s face, smiling as the hairs there tickled.Bucky chuckled lightly and titled his head to push back against Steve, nuzzling him back. Steve caught the corner of a smile, though Bucky kept his gaze fixed forward, content to let this happen.Carefully, Steve nuzzled his way down to Bucky’s ear, then lower, until he ran his nose along Bucky’s neck. He felt Bucky shiver against him and then tilt his head, inviting more.Bending a little further, Steve parted his lips to gently mouth at Bucky’s neck, leaving a trail of light kisses along the skin.Bucky let out a quiet breath, his body going lax.“Is this okay?” Steve asked into Bucky’s neck, causing another shiver.“Yeah” was Bucky’s reply, which was all the permission Steve needed to keep going.He parted his lips further and ran his teeth along Bucky’s skin, shivering right along with Bucky at the feel of it. He could could feel the buzzing of electricity where they touched.The movie kept playing, forgotten amidst this new and much more important exploration.After an indeterminate time running his lips and teeth along Bucky’s neck, Steve took it a step further and nipped gently before laving a tongue over the spot, tasting his skin.“Fuck” Bucky breathed, shifting against Steve and pressing closer. The sound of Bucky’s voice gone rough made Steve’s blood warm, electricity pooling in his stomach.He gently sucked at the skin where Bucky’s neck met the shoulder, careful not to leave a mark as he switched to simple licks.“Fuck, shit, stop” Bucky said in a tight voice, and Steve immediately moved his head away, looking up in concern.“Shit, are you okay?”Bucky swallowed and ran a hand through his hair, nodding. “Yeah, I’m good, sorry. It’s just, I’m kinda getting too interested” he said, giving Steve a chagrined smile and tilting his head towards his lap.Steve’s eyes cut down briefly before politely looking back up, having spotted the slight tent in Bucky’s pants.He felt his cheeks heat, even though there was some pride that he’d gotten Bucky so riled just from necking alone.“Oh, well, um, I could help take care of that. If you want” Steve offered.Bucky blew out a breath that sounded regretful. “You know, I really wanna take you up on that, but, uh, Clint might come back, and I don’t really wanna advertise to the whole carnival with a sock on the door”“No, yeah, I get that” Steve said, sliding back into his seat to give Bucky a little more space. “You wanna just finish the movie and call it a night?”“Yeah, I’d like that” Bucky smiled thankfully, shifting so he could lean back against Steve.Steve watched more of the movie, but Steve couldn’t quite get into it, his mind working over what he wanted to say.“You know” he started, “if you want, we could get a room together this week. Nothing has to happen, but, uh, I’d like to treat you to dinner, and it’d be nice to go somewhere alone after”“What, like splurge on a room together? I mean sure, I guess I could swing it” Bucky said.“No, I mean for the usual room share, we just share this time”Bucky snorted. “And who are Clint and Loki gonna pair up with? ’Cause it’s not with each other, I’ll tell you that”“You let me worry about that” Steve said, not wanting to say that Sharon was offering them- for all intents and purposes- an evening of free sex.“Really? I mean, if you can swing it then sure. Dinner and a bed sound great” Bucky said, giving Steve a grin and sounding happy at the prospect.Steve couldn’t help but return the smile, feeling giddy at Bucky’s acceptance of not just the room but the date too.“Alright, I’m make it happen. How does next Thursday sound?”Bucky made an exaggerated noise of consideration. “I dunno, I’ll have to check my busy schedule”Steve reached out and lightly pinched Bucky’s side, making him laugh. “Wise guy” Steve grinned.“Yeah, yeah okay, Thursday sounds good” Bucky laughed, shooing Steve hand off him playfully.“Great” Steve said.The two of them returned to watching the movie, though at this point they’d lost most of the plot. It didn’t matter much though, neither of them had been particularly invested.Instead, Steve just sat back and enjoyed Bucky’s company. He brought his hand up and ran his fingers lightly though Bucky’s hair, scratching the scalp and enjoying the appreciative hum he got out of Bucky.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky hummed as he shuffled the deck, leaning back to check the time on the little watch he kept taped under the table.It was almost approaching supper time. On a weekday like this, he’d usually break for a quick snack and keep manning his tent until close.This week he’d be breaking from the norm, however, on account of Steve and the date they had planned.Despite the undercurrent of nerves he still held from the dark prophecy of the cards, he couldn’t help but admit he was enjoying Steve’s company. In fact, if it weren’t for the cards, Bucky would go so far as to call their relationship ideal. More and more he found himself looking forward to their time together, and was actually looking forward to their first ‘real’ date since they started.Steve was going to take him to an honest-to-god dinner date! Not just another movie night, but a restaurant. It would just be the two of them amidst a crowd of strangers, as opposed to the mess among coworkers and friends, or squished into a trailer for a tiny modicum of privacy.Bucky hadn’t been this excited for a date in… well, ever. He hadn’t even been on a date before, not a real one anyway. His history consisted of a few watered down half-meals at bars leading to a one-night stand, then promptly never seeing the person again when the carnival up and moved.This would be no one-night stand though. Well, not in the sense that they wouldn’t see each other again. More of the opposite of that really.Bucky didn’t know how Steve swung getting Loki a different roommate for the motel room, but he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth. He was just looking forward to sleeping with Steve- whether that be just sleeping in the same room or actual goddamn sex.Bucky was no prude, but he drew the line at fucking in his or anyone else’s trailer. Shared spaces were hard enough to navigate with day-to-day living, nobody needed sex etiquette on top of that to make it more complicated.It was bad enough that he and Clint both ignored when their shared trash had a few extra tissues in it some mornings, but Bucky was not going to be keep Clint up with the whole trailer shaking in the middle of the night.It did, however, mean that Bucky was sorely lacking a means to move his and Steve’s relationship up a level, so a private room to themselves was going to be heavenly.That was, when they eventually got to it. But a watched pot didn’t boil, and Bucky couldn’t get the hands on the clock to move faster by sheer force of will, so he kept up his shuffling as he periodically checked the time until he could call it early to get ready for his date.He was sure Steve must be facing a similar difficulty at his own booth, doodling on the blank canvas or whatever it was artists did to pass time without customers.And speaking of, Bucky sighed as he saw someone approach his tent, cracking his neck before putting on his ‘mystique’.“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and fate. What answers do you seek?” he greeted as a woman entered his tent, curiously looking around as she took a seat.“Hey, so it’s like, five bucks for a reading, right?” she asked as she pulled out her wallet.“That’s right. For only five dollars I can look into your past, present, or future. What was it you were looking to find?” he asked as he took her money and discretely tucked it away, then started flourishing the cards in an accordion shuffle.“Do you do love readings? Like, will I find my true love kind of thing?”“Why yes I do” he smiled, then cut the deck into four and fanned them out in a clover shape. “Just ask your question and then touch the top of the deck,” he explained, shuffling the cards back into one pile and setting it on the table between them, “but don’t draw a card. Then I’ll give you the answer you seek”She looked down at the cards curiously, seeming to consider for a moment before she touched the top.“Will I find somebody who loves me?”Bucky flinched as a sharp tug pulled at his wrists, but kept up a the facade of a smile and hoped she hadn’t noticed.There was a harsh burning feeling, like a cord was pulled taut against the skin, dragging his hand up to draw the first card.Six of Pentacles, reversed.
  You are jealous of those around you who have found love. You envy them for their status while despising them for having that which you do not.
“You don’t like seeing those around you who already have a relationship, and wish to have one of your own” Bucky said, having enough tact to know the exact fortune wouldn’t go over well.He drew the next card. The Hermit, reversed.“You are in a period of loneliness you feel has been forced upon you rather than one you have chosen”The woman across from him only frowned, crossing her arms. She didn’t disrupt him though, so he kept going.Two of Pentacles, reversed.“You need to put on an air of joy- even though your pleasure is forced- in order to come across as desirable to a potential partner”She looked even less happy at that, and Bucky didn’t blame her.Next was Justice, reversed.Bucky wanted to flinch at the harshness of this one. If he could he’d word it more nicely, but unfortunately there wasn’t a good way to do that with this particular read.“You excel at dishonesty and duplicity, and will find the task ahead of you simple, if unpleasant”He went ahead and drew the last two, pulling the Seven of Swords, reversed; and the Knight of Cups, reversed.“Those who care for you will council you against these actions, but at the cost of your desired outcome. To go the path of false pleasantry will bring about your desire for the status a relationship brings, though it will be a relationship built of falsehoods”“What’s that all mean?” she asked, though her unhappy tone told Bucky that she had some idea.“Well, in layman's terms, you’re… I guess a pessimist, and that turns people off. You gotta be happier”“Fucking thanks” she said, getting up with a sulking look. Bucky didn’t blame her, and only gave a tight smile as she left without another word.Once she was out of sight, Bucky got up and shut the flaps, putting up the sign that said he was closed, then returned to his seat with a sigh.He pulled his wrist bangles off and rubbed at the sore skin, then looked down at the spread. “Real nice” he said sarcastically, but of course the cards had no comment. They’d said their piece, as usual.“Knock knock” someone said from beyond the closed flaps, and Bucky smiled as he said “Come in”Steve appeared from beyond the tent, ducking in and closing the flaps behind him.“I noticed you closed, figured you’re done for the evening”“Pretty much. I was actually gonna head to my trailer to change, and then we can head out?”“Yeah, sounds good- oh damn, what happened?” Steve asked in concern, eyes falling to where Bucky was still rubbing at his wrists.“Oh nothing, just a mildly rough read. It’s not serious, they’ll be fine in a few hours”“Can I see?”Bucky frowned, his first instinct telling him to say no, but…It was Steve. Surely there’d be no harm? He let Sharon see his wrists all the time- and when they were in worse condition no less.“Uh, sure” he said, taking a chance. He held out his hands as Steve took the seat opposite, bringing his larger hands up to gently hold Bucky’s.“Looks a little red” Steve commented as he gently turned Bucky’s hands over, seeing the red mark that looped around his wrists. It was no worse than a rope burn, and would clear before the night was done.“It’s not too bad. Hardly the worst read I ever had”“Can I ask what it was about?”Bucky shrugged. “Eh, just some bad luck with love, nothing major. Really, it’ll be fine”“Does it hurt?” Steve asked, touching the raw skin with a feather-light finger.“A little, but it’s not too bad. Kinda feels like a sunburn”Steve oh-so gently rubbed at the skin with his thumb, careful not to press too hard, an unhappy frown on his lips.“Do you still wanna go out? We can stay in, just watch a movie or something”“Are you kidding? I’ve been looking forward to this all week! No, we’re still good. Like I said, they’ll be fine in a few hours- probably gone by the time we get dessert”Bucky smiled reassuringly, pulling his hands out of Steve’s. He knew the cards and their after-effects better than anybody, and he was confident in what he said.“Come on, I’ll walk you back to your trailer” he said, standing.“You’re sure though? Really, we can reschedule”Bucky fought not to roll his eyes. “Settle down Sharon, I’m fine. And no way I’m skipping out on this”Steve gave him a put-upon sigh, but at least he accepted Bucky’s assurance. “Alright. But I can find my own way, you don’t have to walk me”“You sure about that? Yesterday you were late to supper because you go turned around coming back from the big top”“I- they change the layout every week! It’s not my fault” Steve defended, hist cheeks pinking slightly.Bucky laughed, bringing a hand up to rub Steve’s shoulder consolingly. “It’s alright, we all know you suck at directions”“Yeah yeah” Steve grumbled, making his way out of the tent. Bucky followed behind with amusement.As they made their way to the trailers, Bucky wondered at the evening ahead of them.“Hey, so where are we going anyway? For supper I mean. You’ve been pretty hush-hush about it all week”“It’s a surprise” Steve smiled.“Can you give me a hint at least? Can I wear casual, or should I be in a suit and tie for the meal?”Steve laughed. “A suit and tie? Do you even own a set?”“I can borrow one”“From who, one of the burlesque dancers? Hate to break it to you pal, but that won’t fly where we’re going”“No you punk” Bucky laughed, bumping Steve as they walked. “I was thinking from T’Challa, or maybe Hank”“The beast man? You know his suit’s gonna smell like formaldehyde. And T’Challa’s is gonna be covered in fur”“Alright smart guy, then what should I wear?”“Whatever you’re comfortable in. We’re not going anywhere fancy, I promise”“How romantic”“Ah, shaddup ya jerk” Steve laughed, playfully elbowing Bucky in the ribs.They continued their banter as they walked to Steve’s trailer, where they parted ways to get ready for their date. The plan was to meet back up at the parking area at Steve’s car, but in the meantime Bucky had a few things to do first.Mainly wash off the day’s makeup and change, but also grab his overnight bag for when they went to the motel later.A real date, Bucky thought in excitement as he climbed the steps to his own trailer.For once, thoughts of the deck and their ominous prophecy didn’t hang over his head like the blade of a guillotine.  Bucky had changed into a comfortable pair of jeans and a Henley, with a hoodie thrown on top against the slight chill in the air.Steve had opted for jeans and a simple button-up, making Bucky worry he’d under-dressed, but Steve had assured him it was fine.Admittedly, Bucky didn’t own all that much in formal wear. Not when most of his job had him dressed in wraps, rags, and kitschy jewellery.To be fair though, the comfortable clothes also happened to be his nicest outfit, so there was that.Steve was pulling into a paid parking lot in the small city after twenty minutes of driving, waving Bucky off when he offered to pay. The two of them got out and started walking along the sidewalk, and on a whim, Bucky linked their arms together as they did.Steve looked between them where their arms connected, then gave Bucky a beaming smile, making the move worth it.“So where are we heading?” Bucky asked after they passed several storefronts.“It’s a surprise” Steve grinned coyly.“Come on, not even a little hint”“Well, not to give too much away, but they serve food there”“Jerk” Bucky grinned, bumping into Steve lightly.“You’ll like it, I promise”“I better. I didn’t put on my best hoodie for nothing”Steve laughed at that, bumping Bucky back.The two of them walked along, Bucky glancing ahead to see if he could spot their destination, but the busy strip had too many options to guess which Steve was taking them to. Could it be the little coffee shop up ahead? Or the chain restaurant beyond that? Maybe the artsy bistro just a little further?Steve was playing it close to the chest, and Bucky had to admit it was a little exciting.“Oh hey, look. It’s a psychic” Steve said, pointing out a storefront they were approaching with the big, bold neon letters reading PSYCHIC ADVISOR, an accompanying neon hand with an eye at its center.As they got closer, Bucky could see all manner of gemstones and occultish items sitting at the window, giving off the air of a mystical shop.“Cute” Bucky said sarcastically, not at all impressed. He spent all day mimicking that kind of thing, and it had all but lost its charm.As they got closer to the store, there was a young woman and man- redheaded and blond- standing outside of it, both leaning against the storefront and smoking, idly chatting with each other.Both Steve and Bucky moved to walk around them, but as they did, the young woman made eye-contact with Bucky. He saw her eyes widen a fraction, before she spat out what sounded like a curse in a foreign language.She then held her hand out in the sign of the horns, extending the index and little fingers while holding the middle and ring fingers down with the thumb.She kept on cursing at him, and Bucky rolled his eyes, pulling Steve along to walk past her.“Just ignore her” he told Steve, picking up the pace.Steve however was craning his head to look back behind them, his brow creased.“What was that about?”“Oh, you know, just warding off the evil eye, shielding herself from bad energy, whatever you wanna call it”“What?”“It’s fine, I get that sometimes, although,” Bucky said, casting a brief glance behind to see the two people watching them- the woman, glaring- as they put distance between them. “Usually it’s older ladies I get that from. Younger ones usually just avoid me like I got the plague or something”“They what? Why?”Bucky reached into his pocket and pulled out the deck and tapped it, showing it to Steve as they walked. “‘Cause of these. Some people, I dunno, get a sense for them. Spooks ‘em”Steve looked down at the cards with a pensive look, like he was trying to judge something. “But she didn’t even see the cards”“They don’t gotta. Like I said, they just sorta sense them. Or maybe it’s me. I once had an old lady shriek I was a demon from hell, had to be escorted out of the carnival, so”“Jeez, really?”“You get all sorts of people” was all Bucky could say. It wasn’t like he had an easy explanation- some people just sensed the cards’ nature better than others, and since Bucky had them on him at all time…It was what it was. Bucky’s journal had entries of a similar nature, so he knew it wasn’t really him- all the other deck owners had had the experience to some degree. Even when the cards were hidden away, some people could just tell. Bad vibes or something, Bucky didn’t exactly know.He didn’t put much thought into it. So what if a few people screamed at him on occasion, or gave him a wide berth? Didn’t make much of a difference to him.“Wow, I just can’t believe some people do that”“You get used to it”Bucky steered the conversation away from the woman at the psychic front, the two of them continuing their walk down the strip, passing other people.Eventually Steve stopped them in front of a restaurant called Le Solstice, which had Bucky wondering if he was in fact more under dressed than Steve had let on.Bucky raised an eyebrow at the place, seeing into the window that it was dimly lit with candles at each table.“You sure I shouldn’t have gotten suit?“Oh, don’t worry. I got us a booth, so it won’t matter”“You made a reservation?” Bucky guffawed. “And you wanted to cancel earlier?”Steve shrugged. “It’s not like I put money down or anything. They’re a pretty small place actually”“Huh” was all Bucky had to say to that, not wholly convinced. Four years spent in the carnival and he hadn’t been to anything fancier than a diner. The last time he’d been to an actual, honest-to-god restaurant was when he was, oh, say fourteen?Maybe he should have put a little more effort into his appearance. Maybe reapply some makeup after having wiped off his work persona.But then, Bucky preferred being bare-faced in his off time, otherwise it would just feel like more work.Maybe he was overthinking it.“Come on, it’ll be fine” Steve said, leading him inside.At the front was a host standing at a little podium, smiling brightly in greeting.“Hi there” she said. “For how many?”“Two, and actually, we have a reservation. Under Rogers”She looked down at her book for a moment before reaching for a pair of menus. “Ah, Steve Rogers. Perfect. If you’ll just come with me”She led them deeper into the small establishment, which was admittedly not too busy at all. A little under half the tables were occupied, and most other patrons were dressed even more casually than Bucky, though he spotted a few in business casual.Alright, so he’d been overthinking things.She brought them to a booth in the back with a little Reserved plaque on it, taking the plaque off and standing aside while he and Steve slid into their seats.“Here’s our menu. Can I start you off with any drinks?”Steve looked to Bucky and indicated that he could order first.“Uh, yeah, I’ll have a coke”“Excellent. And for you sir?”“Just a water for me” Steve said, taking the menus.“Alright, I’ll have a sever be back with your drinks and to take your order in a short bit” she said, then left them to it.Steve handed one of the menus to Bucky, who opened it to start reading over what they had.“Hey, you wanna split a starter?” Steve asked.Bucky smiled. “You read my mind”As Steve went over their options, Bucky took a moment to look around the room. It was quiet with a muted atmosphere, faint music mingling with the indistinct murmur coming from the other tables. The candle at the center of the table cast a soft light, making it similar to the atmosphere Bucky tried to emulate in his tent- except this time it came across as more romantic than mystical.He’d had his trepidations, but honestly? Steve had picked a spot-on place. It was quiet, not too crowded, and from what he saw on the menu, a pretty decent selection of food.A warm feeling blossomed in Bucky’s chest. How much work had gone into finding this place among all the other restaurants in the city? On such short notice too- they’d been here less than a week. And for Steve to think ahead and reserve them a private booth?It was almost too perfect.Bucky smiled. Maybe too perfect was just what he was looking for.Maybe it was what he deserved for once in his life.
  
    Chapter Text
    The dinner went better than Steve had hoped. They talked, they ate, they laughed.It felt just like any other dinner they had together, but far more intimate now that it was outside of the carnival. It really was just the two of them enjoying each other in their own little world.At one point Steve had reached across the table to take Bucky’s hand, and had the pleasure of having the gesture more than welcomed as they sat like that waiting for their food. Here they were free to be flirty, to share secret smiles and meaningful looks without the rest of the carnival buzzing around them.Here it was just them, and nothing of their date would be spread through the gossip mill- besides speculation and rumour, but Steve had learned that was par for the course.He didn’t care though. Let them all talk. The only thing that mattered was the man in front of him, sharing a meal and a quiet night together.Too soon though, they finished their food- appetizer, meal and dessert- and were just taking up the table.Steve didn’t think the staff minded, not with how empty the place was, but they also didn’t want to overstay.Soon enough they were wrapping up and splitting the bill. Steve put up a good fight offering to pay for the whole thing, but Bucky was adamant he contribute.“That was nice” Bucky said as they stepped out of the restaurant. “How’d you find this place anyway? It seems so small”“Oh, I just googled ‘quiet restaurants near me’ and checked their reviews. This place seemed pretty good from what people said”“No kidding? Huh”It had grown dark out, and the two of them walked arm-in-arm back the way they’d come, taking their time.“You really had a good time?” Steve asked, feeling unsure. Admittedly, the quiet restaurant had been more for him than for Bucky.“Oh yeah, had a great time. In fact, I think that was my first real restaurant in years. It was a change of pace from the mess food, I’ll tell you what. So thank you”Steve smiled, rubbing at his cheek briefly to hide his blush. “Well, maybe we can do it again sometime”“I’d like that” Bucky said, smiling back.They continued their walk to the car, idly chatting. On the way the passed the psychic’s storefront, the sign still reading that it was open, but this time nobody standing outside.Steve wondered at what happened earlier. He understood how some people- extremely religious, at least- could see Bucky’s taromancy as an act of the devil. Hell, those kinds of people said the same thing about heavy metal music and violent video games.But that woman hadn’t even seen the cards. Bucky was also dressed like an average person, no shiny jewels or mysterious wraps on him. To anyone else they looked like a normal pair of people walking down the street.That being said, they’d been a pair of men walking with linked arms. Steve was no stranger to bigots, and he knew they came in all shapes and backgrounds.The thing was, Bucky seemed so confident that she was reacting to his cards. Was he projecting? If he believed so strongly in the cards, he might see others’ reactions to them as the same. What he saw as warding against his cards, Steve saw as just another homophobe.Of course, it was impossible to tell what she’d been cursing at them. Steve didn’t speak a lick of whatever she spoke, and for all he knew she was telling them to have a nice day.Probably not that, judging from her tone, but the point stood.Still, Bucky seemed so convinced it was the cards. He was so casual about it too, like it happened all the time.Steve didn’t know what to think.Maybe he was reading too much into it.It probably didn’t matter much anyway.  Steve pulled into the motel the group had rented, parking just outside the door. Clint had given Bucky the keys before they left, and Steve let Bucky go unlock the door while he grabbed both their overnight bags from the back.“Ah, home sweet home” Bucky joked, setting the keys down on the desk.Steve followed behind him and put their bags on the one chair, taking in the room.It was a standard motel room, fairly plain if not tacky. Besides the desk and chair there was a stand with an old television on it. At the back was the single sparse bathroom, and the rest of the space was taken up by two single beds and their shared nightstand.“You want the left or the right?” Bucky asked, unzipping and reaching into his bag.“Doesn’t really matter to me”“Take the left then; I like to sleep away from the window”“Sounds good”Steve made his way to his bed and awkwardly sat down, unsure how to make the next move.Normally it was him and Loki, and they usually wound down the evening with Steve watching TV or sketching while Loki read a book.This wasn’t a usual evening however, and while Steve was more than okay spending quality time with Bucky, there was an unspoken option of taking their evening a little further.“I’m gonna shower, do you need the bathroom?” Bucky asked, pulling out a towel and toiletry bag from his backpack.Well, there was one other thing they could do. Which was to say take advantage of a real shower with hot water- and not in a ‘let’s share’ kind of way, but genuinely getting the pleasure of a simple shower. No waiting lineup of people; no tepid water at best, frigid at worst.Oh, and an actual flushing toilet.If there was one thing Steve had learned when coming to the carnival, it was the value of plumbing. People didn’t realize how much they took it for granted, but when living on the road, you learned pretty quick.“Nah, I’m fine. You go ahead, I’ll go in after you”“Cool” Bucky said, entering the bathroom and closing the door behind him. A moment later the water came on,
  So what now?
   he wondered, letting out a breath and rubbing at his thighs. He supposed he could just kill some time and watch TV.
Which was exactly what he did, turning the channel to an old rerun of some comedy while he waited.After a while- though still much quicker than Loki would take- the bathroom door opened letting out a little puff of steam, with Bucky-
  Oh.
Steve forgot all about what he was watching, swallowing as his mouth watered.Bucky stepped out clad in nothing but a towel around his waist.“Bathroom's yours” Bucky said with a crooked grin, pointing behind him with his thumb.“Uh, yeah” Steve said numbly, taking in the image before him.He’d always known Bucky was a bit on the slimmer side, but he’d never really seen him in less than a shirt and pants. Without his clothes to mask his shape though, Steve got an eyeful.His skin wasn’t quite tanned given most of his time spent in a tent, but he had a little colour to him anyway. He was narrow but not thin, having a healthy little stomach on him. His chest had a dusting of hairs, faint but there, and Steve had a sudden urge feel them under his palm.“You want a picture?” Bucky asked jokingly, shaking Steve from his thoughts.“Oh, uh, s-sorry” Steve stammered, quickly looking away as his cheeks went warm. He rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment at having been gawking so openly.Bucky shifted, a hand moving to grip the towel so it didn’t fall. “Hey, I don’t mind. But maybe you wanna return the favour? I’m feeling a little under dressed over here”“Uh, yeah, lemme just-” Steve said, getting up and grabbing his own towel and supplies. “Just, gimme ten minutes”“Take your time” Bucky chuckled, stepping aside to let Steve pass and enter the bathroom.He didn’t leave much space however, and Steve ended up brushing up against Bucky’s side as he did. The two of them made eye contact as Steve passed the threshold, leaving the image of Bucky smiling coyly seared in Steve’s mind after he shut the door.He took in a breath, just standing there a moment. The air was still filled with steam, and Steve could smell the faint aroma of Bucky’s shampoo- as smell the reminded him of their movie nights when they cuddled in close.He turned to place his towel by the sink, pausing a moment and then laughing when he saw a little smiley face freshly drawn in the condensation on the mirror.Shaking his head, Steve got undressed, making quick work of getting in the shower. Though once in, he couldn’t help but take his time.The way the shared room worked, everyone got to spend one night a week on an actual bed and with a real bathroom. That meant that Steve only got one real shower per week, the rest of them taken up by communal shower trailer everyone else used, and he wasn’t about to waste this one.A part of him was dying to get back to Bucky though, so he decided to meet his warring needs in the middle and expedite his usual routine.He shampooed, soaped and shaved as fast as he’d allow, wanting to be properly cleaned for whatever activities the evening held ahead of him.By the time he finished, the bathroom was filled with steam again, and he paused a moment before adding his own smiley face in the mirror next to Bucky’s before heading out in just a towel.“Had a good shower?” Bucky asked from his seat at the head of the bed, a pillow propped up behind him for support. In his hand he held the remote, apparently channel surfing while he’d been waiting. He’d also replaced the towel with a pair of boxer briefs, the simple black material hugging his waist.Steve licked his lips. “Yeah. S’good to get some hot water for a change”“Ain’t that the truth”Steve walked up and stood next to the bed, a hand on the towel keeping it in place. Bucky looked up at him almost expectantly, putting the remote down.“Buck- listen. I don’t want to pressure you or anything. If you just wanna sit in and watch TV, we can-”“Would you just come here and kiss me already” Bucky interrupted with a laugh, sitting up.Steve looked down on him with a grin. “Y’aright” he said, then put a knee up on the bed to support him as he leaned down and pulled Bucky in for a kiss.His lips are soft, was Steve’s first thought before blanking out completely in the sensation of the kiss. He brought his hand to the back of Bucky’s head and cradled it, holding Bucky close as they deepened the kiss.“Mmh, finally” Bucky said into his mouth, pulling away after a long moment. “Been waiting forever to do that”“Don’t know why we even waited” Steve said, carding his hands through Bucky’s slightly damp hair, looking him in the eye fondly.“You know, I can’t think of a reason either”They both laughed, and Steve bumped their foreheads together.“You know, now I’m feeling like the one who’s under dressed” he said, letting his eyes cut down to Bucky’s underwear.Bucky scoffed. “Pal, I wasn’t about to sit here waiting for you naked like some kinda creep”“I wouldn’t have minded”“Well I do”Steve laughed at that. “Well you’re not waiting anymore, so what’s say you takes yours off and I’ll take off mine”“You got a deal” Bucky grinned.Steve stepped back to give Bucky space to undress, while at the same time pulling his towel off and letting it fall to the floor.“Oh, hello” Bucky grinned, openly ogling Steve as he pulled his shorts off and tossed them aside.Steve rubbed the back of his neck, fighting the urge to cover himself as he blushed. “You don’t have to stare”“Are you kidding? Have you seen yourself?” Bucky said, his eyes very much lowered, and not politely either.That only succeeded at making Steve blush harder.“Aw, c’mere” Bucky said, finally taking pity on Steve and looking up, opening his arms for an embrace.Steve made short work of crawling onto the bed and over Bucky’s body, careful not to put his whole weight on the smaller man. He rested his elbows on either side of Bucky’s head as he leaned down to keep kissing.Bucky groaned into Steve’s mouth, opening his legs and wrapping them around his waist.Steve groaned back as their half-hard cocks pressed against each other, and unthinkingly pressed down for more friction.“Fuck” Bucky breathed, hands reaching around Steve’s back and lightly scratching along his shoulder blades.A slow warmth pooled in Steve’s gut, roiling through him from all the points he and Bucky touched. There was pressure, pressure, he needed more, and he pressed down a little harder, pushing Bucky into the mattress.They made out like that for a while, kissing while Steve slowly ground down, Bucky meeting his movements with his own thrusts.After a while they separated for air, and Steve pressed their foreheads together.“How do you wanna do this?” he asked breathlessly, not stopping his movements.“I’ll be honest” Bucky said, just as breathless as Steve, “I didn’t exactly bring anything for the occasion”“Me neither”Bucky laughed lightly, closing his eyes. “Figures. Looked forward to this all week but never bothered to even buy condoms”“I’m clean, just if you were wondering”“Yeah, me too. It’s been a while since I was with anyone anyway”“We can take it slow” Steve offered, pausing his movements and looking Bucky in the eye.“Hey now, I’m not saying stop” Bucky said, and tightened his legs around Steve’s waist, “I just mean we’re gonna have to stick to the basics for now. Don’t exactly have any lube on me” he grinnedSteve blushed some more. “I, uh, might have some”“Might?” Bucky laughed. “You brought lube but no condoms?”“I, um, sorta have it for personal use”“Shit, really” Bucky said, eyes turning heated. “You finger yourself?”“Steve buried his face in Bucky’s shoulder, embarrassment creeping up his face. “Sometimes” he muttered shyly.“Goddamn” Bucky swore, then turned his head so his lips brushed against Steve’s ear. “I’d love to watch you”The blush the had been working it’s way across Steve’s face flared hotter, and pressed his face harder against Bucky’s shoulder at the same time as he pressed his hips down.“Fuck, I- maybe not today” Steve stammered, heat pooling in his gut at the mental image of Bucky watching him play with himself.“Fair enough” Bucky chuckled.“How about we just- like this” Steve said, shifting and bringing his hand between them, grabbing both their cocks and jacking them off together.“Fuck, yeah” Bucky groaned, letting his head fall back against the pillow.Steve breathed heavy, moving to nuzzle into Bucky’s hair and smelling the faint whiff of shampoo in the damp strands. He worked them over with his hand, pumping in tempo and Bucky’s breath hitched, groaning and pulling Steve closer.“I’m close” Bucky breathed, pressing his head into the pillow as he arched. The move bared his throat, and Steve couldn’t help but start kissing along his neck.Electric heat buzzed along Steve’s skin, prickling where Bucky scratched at his back. Bucky thrust up to meet Steve’s hand where he squeezed them together, and the both of them moaned.Something wound tighter and tighter in Steve’s gut and he panted against Bucky’s skin, picking up speed with his hand.Bucky keened under him, the pressure building and building until Steve was on a knife’s edge, close, so close, skin buzzing and mind reeling as they fell closer and closer to the end.“I’m gonna- gonna” Bucky gasped, and a moment later Steve felt wet warmth spurt over his fist. Not a second later and Steve was following suit, pleasure cresting over him and making him come alongside Bucky, their spend mixing together on Bucky’s stomach.Bucky went pliant underneath Steve as the aftershocks dissipated, and Steve caught himself on his arm before he slumped onto Bucky, just narrowly avoiding crushing him.The two of them lay there panting, catching their breath in the afterglow.After a minute Steve came back to himself, and he carefully rolled over to lie next to Bucky, his leg falling off the side of the narrow bed and supporting the rest of himself from falling off the edge, closing his eyes for a moment.“I’m gonna need another shower” Bucky muttered beside him, mirth in his voice.“Yeah” Steve agreed dumbly, his mind still muzzy from the afterglow.He felt the bed shift as Bucky sat up, and he opened one eye to see what Bucky was doing.“I don’t think we got any on the sheets” he said, inspecting the bed as best he could“That’s good” Steve said, only half thinking of why that was a relief.“Yeah, don’t need Hope or Scott complaining to us about any stains- though it’d be a bit hypocritical of them, everyone knows they have sex on their nights anyway”Right, other people would be sleeping in these beds tomorrow.Steve chuckled at Bucky’s words, reaching a hand out to pet his back.Bucky twisted around and gave Steve a wide grin, and for a second he seemed to be glowing. “You wanna join?” he asked.“You know, I think we got more and you than me” Steve said, noting that Bucky was the one with the large wet patch on his stomach, as opposed to Steve who’d only gotten at worst a few droplets on his stomach and hand.“Is that a no?”“No no, I’ll come. Just saying, you need it more” Steve said jokingly, sitting up just as Bucky stood.“And whose fault is that, wise guy?”“Hey, I think we both contributed to this mess”“Well, you wanna come contribute a little more?” Bucky teased, grabbing his towel and sauntering into the bathroom, looking over his shoulder with a grin before he disappeared into the bathroom.“You know, you might just convince me” Steve laughed. He was about the get up from the bed when he felt something small press against his hip, and he looked down curiously to see what it was.He paused, seeing Bucky’s deck of cards laying in the sheets. It looked like they’d been stashed under the pillow, and their movement has caused a few to fall loose and spill over the bed.A slight chill went up Steve’s spine for no particular reason, the sight of the little red stars against black looking up at him almost coldly. Like little eyes, sharp and glaring.And why not? Steve supposed they did hold some malice given all of Bucky’s history with them.He frowned, but there wasn’t much he could do about the deck. He reached down and collected the errant cards, intending to put them back into the main deck and stuff them under the pillow, but then something caught his eyes.There, coming out of the star of the card was a faint shimmer of silver. Steve squinted until he could make out a thin strand of string, just like the ones Steve spied on Bucky’s wrists.“Huh” he muttered. He brought the card closer to his eyes, but lost sight of the string when he did. He gently ran his thumb over the back of the card, trying to feel for it, but no luck.Bucky must be using some very fine string indeed. Maybe that was why it cut so easily into his skin?Steve looked up when he heard the shower come on from within the bathroom.“You coming?” Bucky called playfully, and Steve hastily shoved the deck back under the pillow. Probably best he- and not to make a pun- leave that thread alone for now. He didn’t think Bucky would appreciate the snooping, especially when he was so guarded with the cards.“Coming” Steve answered, getting up off the bed.He went and joined Bucky in the shower, and eventually forgot about the cards.
  
    Chapter Text
    That night, the two of them lay in their shorts and watched TV.
Steve was sitting up with a pillow against the headboard, while Bucky sat up against his chest, the two of them cuddling as they watched the screen.
Bucky was mindlessly shuffling his deck, and the cards made a soothing shiff sound as he expertly mixed them in both simple and complex tricks.
Steve ended up watching the cards more than he did the TV, eyes wandering to Bucky’s hands and his painted nails, a sense of awe at the dexterity he showed with his digits.
“How’d you learn to do that?” Steve asked suddenly, his curiosity getting the better of him.
“What, my shuffling?”
“Yeah”
“Oh, I just sorta picked it up. I mostly did these” he said, and then set the cards in an accordion ruffle, sending the deck flying from one hand to the other.
“It wasn’t until I joined the carnival that I actually looked up some more tricks online. Watched a few tutorial videos, then moved on to just watching trick videos and figuring out how to do it myself. It was a bit of a learning curve since these cards are longer than your typical deck, but I managed, obviously”
As if to prove his point, he did some complex move that left the cards in a four-leaf clover pattern on his hand.
“How’d you end up in the carnival?” Steve asked, his curiosity getting the better of him.
“You know I was in the mental institution for a while, right?”
Oh, well, not where Steve thought this story would start. “Yeah” he said slowly.
“So after I ran away from there, I lived on the streets for a few years. During that time I was trying everything I could to get rid of the cards, but nothing worked. No matter how much I destroyed them or tossed them away, they always came back. I’m not proud of it, but I even tried giving them away” Bucky said.
“I got pretty low after a while. Couldn’t hold a steady job, couldn’t make friends, couldn’t even be left alone in peace ‘cause of these things. So I figured, if this is all I’m getting, might as well jump off a bridge”
Steve took in a sharp breath at that, feeling his heart tear. Bucky, on the other hand, sounded sardonic.
“Hey, I’m still here, aren’t I? And besides, that was years ago; I promise I’m doing fine now”
It didn’t make Steve feel much better.
“And anyways, to my point: I tried it. Not right away of course, I tried other methods, but the cards always stopped me. Yanked me by the wrists if I tried jumping in front of a train. Made me drop knives, or wouldn’t let me finish tying a noose. I guess I could’a tried starving myself to death, but that ain’t as fun as it sounds”
Steve swallowed against the ache in his chest. God, Bucky didn’t deserve any of that, and with all his heart Steve wished he could’ve been there to do something, even just offer friendship.
“So then I figure, the cards can’t fight gravity, can they? There’s gotta be a limit, so started looking for a bridge. Found a good spot too- tall and quiet, somewhere people wouldn’t notice until morning” Bucky said, and Steve brought his hands around to squeeze Bucky in comfort.
“Funny thing was,” Bucky went on, still shuffling the deck casually, “when I climbed over the handrail, I couldn’t let go”
Bucky split the deck in four, flipping the cuts between his fingers. “And it wasn’t nerves: I literally couldn’t let go. The cards wouldn’t let me. It tried kicking off with my legs, put my whole body into it, but nada. Just hung there like an idiot until some guy came by and yelled at me to stop fooling around”
“Bucky, I’m so sorry” Steve said with sincerity. Nobody should have to go through what he did, and to be pushed to the braking point like that? Just awful.
Bucky only shrugged dismissively. “Eh, I got over it” he said, sounding too casual for the topic they were discussing. “Like I said, I’m here, aren’t I? I realized the cards don’t just let you go if they can help it. So, until I die, I’m sorta stuck with ‘em”
Steve didn’t know what to say to that, so instead he pulled Bucky closer and held him tight.
“Really, it’s fine” Bucky assured. “I’m in a good place now, so it’s not like I have any reason want to end things” he said. “Seriously, it’s all in the past. And really, it’s a good thing too. I realized I want to live, ‘cause every minute I’m stuck with the cards means someone else doesn’t have to live with ‘em. Kinda the only that keeps me going sometimes, shitty as that sounds”
“Bucky…”
“And anyway” Bucky quickly added, “Long story short: it turns that the guy who yelled at me on the bridge was none other than Clint”
“Clint was the one who found you?”
“Yeah. He brought me back to the carnival, and it reminded me of… well, I saw an opportunity. Asked if they were looking for a fortune teller, or even just some extra hands. Clint put in a good word, and they hired me on the spot”
Bucky was smiling fondly, ruffling the cards between his hands. “I turned out to be a hit, and I’ve been with the carnival ever since”
“Remind me to thank Clint”
“Oh, please don’t. He gets weird when I bring up how we met”
“Alright, then I’ll buy him a coffee or something”
“Now that he’ll love. Man runs on coffee” Bucky laughed
Steve laughed along with him, pulling him close for a moment and feeling his frame shake with mirth.
“I’m glad I met you” Steve said, kissing Bucky’s shoulder.
Bucky turned his head to nuzzle against the side of Steve’s face. “I’m glad I met you too”
Steve smiled wide, his lips still pressed against Bucky’s skin.
This was a good night.
 

 
Steve’s alarm buzzed, waking him up. He squinted at his phone as he shut off the alarm. It was still dark out, the sun not rising for another half hour.
He turned over and stretched, letting out a quiet groan of satisfaction. He looked over to Bucky’s side of the room to see nothing but a person-sized lump under the covers and a messy pile of hair peeking out at the top.
Steve chuckled at the sight, sitting up and rubbing his eyes.
He was a little disappointed they couldn’t sleep in the same bed together, but alas, these single beds weren’t meant to hold two people, especially given Steve’s size. He just had to be content with sleeping in the same room together.
Steve quietly got up and grabbed his toiletry bag, entering the bathroom to start his morning routine.
When he was finished with that, he exited the bathroom and got dressed, pausing to lean down and give the top of Bucky’s head a light kiss before stepping outside.
He took a deep breath of the morning air, smiling as he started off on his run.
It was interesting running in unfamiliar places. He had to make decisions on the fly, turning random corners and seeing where they took him.
Today wasn’t going to be so random, however. Steve had a plan to grab breakfast for him and Bucky, something that wasn’t from the motel lobby. No, he had his sights set on the little dinner he’d seen yesterday that boasted an all-day breakfast.
If they were willing to serve it all-day, it had to be good. Better than motel food in any case.
As Steve made his way down the strip of shops and eateries, he spotted a familiar sight.
There ahead of him was the psychic storefront he and Bucky had passed the other day. The one where the woman had cursed at them.
Steve slowed down his run, stopping when he got to the shop. On it the sign was lit, saying the place was open even at this early hour.
Steve looked in contemplatively, thinking of what Bucky had said the other day.

  Some people get a sense for the cards. It spooks them.

Steve didn’t know why, but the thought still bothered him. Was it the cards she’d been cursing at? She hadn’t even seen them though, and more likely than not it was it was just another close-minded person.
Still, Bucky was so sure it wasn’t that. Steve didn’t know exactly what to think, and the ambiguous answer bothered him.
Would it hurt to check? Worst case he’d be cursed out for being gay, and that was nothing new.
Maybe breakfast could wait. It wasn’t like Bucky would be awake by the time he got back anyway.
Steeling himself, Steve approached the door and opened it, stepping inside.
  
    Chapter Text
    Inside was just as Steve expected- which was to say, filled with a mysterious atmosphere reminiscent of Bucky’s tent, only with more crystals sitting everywhere. On the front desk was an incense, the smoke filling the place with an earthy scent.
At the desk was also a man Steve recognized from yesterday, with silvery blond hair and a youthful look to him. He was sitting back with his feet on the desk, scrolling through his phone with a tired look that said he wasn’t thrilled to be awake this early.
Steve cleared his throat, getting the attention of the young man.
“Oh, yes, can I help you?” he asked in an accented tone, not taking his feet off the table, though he did put his phone down.
“I’d like to speak with the woman who works here- she has red hair?”
“Yes, you’re here to see Wanda? You have an appointment?”
“No, not really, I just- we met yesterday. Me and my friend were walking past your shop when she started yelling at us. I wanted to ask her what that was about”
“A, the blestemat she was going on about” he said in understanding, though Steve didn’t exactly follow what he’d said.
“Sure,that. I just want to know what exactly she was cursing at us for”
“It’s probably better if she tells you, she has a better understanding of it than me” he said, then pointed to a set of curtains just adjacent to the desk. “You can go ahead to the back, she should still be setting up- oh, but don’t take long, she has appointments to see soon”
“Thanks” Steve said with a tight smile, moving to the curtains and entering the back of the shop.
It was darker inside the room, and Steve needed a moment for his eyes to adjust to the glow of candles and soft lights.
“I am not yet taking customers” the woman from the other day said, her back turned to Steve as she lit more candles- or no, turned on the electric candles, Steve now realized.
“I’m not here for a reading” Steve said, stepping deeper into the room and looking around. “I just wanted to ask you about something you said to me the other day”
Between the two of them sat a table not unlike the one Bucky had in his tent, a velvety red cloth draped over it and a crystal ball sitting at the center. A set of chairs sat on opposite ends; a more cushioned one that the woman presumably sat in near the back, and a set of stiff wooden ones near the front where customers would enter from.
“You will need to book another appointment if you want a followup to one of my readings, but my interpretations are final” she said, placing the fake candle down.
“I didn’t come in for a reading. It’s just- me and my partner walked past your shop the other day, and I wanted to know what you yelled at him”
That finally got her attention, and she turned around to scrutinize Steve. Her eyes widened in recognition after a moment.
“Oh! You were with the blestemat”
“Yeah. What exactly do you mean by, uh, blest-mat? Your assistant at the front said the same thing”
She waved at him. “Oh no, he is my brother- he works here while my assistant is away” she said, taking a seat. “Come, sit” she said, inviting Steve to take a seat opposite her.
He did just that, folding his hands in front of him on the table with a serious look.
“So what did you mean the other day? I didn’t take too kindly to your words”
Wanda cleared her throat, looking contrite. “Yes, I may have, ah, been a little sensitive yesterday. The aura from your friend was very powerful, it took me by surprise”
Steve raised a brow. “His aura”
“It was very negative. He walks with a powerful curse on him. This is how we call those who are blestemat- accursed.”
Steve frowned, thinking that over. He’d come in here expecting her to cuss him out for being who he was, not to to corroborate Bucky’s claims.
“This troubles you?” Wanda asked.
“How can you tell though?” Steve asked. “What about him makes you think he’s cursed?”
“Well, I am psychic” she said, motioning around her. “If you did not notice” she added sardonically.
“Yeah, but, how can you tell?”
Wanda leaned forward, bringing both hands together in front of her. Steve noticed she wore several large rings on her fingers. She looked to be studying him.
“What is your name?”
“Steve”
“Tell me, Steve, do you have any particular skills?”
The sudden change of topic gave Steve pause. “What?”
“Do you have any special skills, or talents? Are you good at math maybe, or singing?”
“I’m a graphic designer- I do a lot of art”
“Art” she repeated thoughtfully, then looked around for a moment before reaching towards one of the cabinets in the room, pulling open a drawer and reaching in. She brought out a pen and scrap paper, sliding them over to Steve.
“Draw me something. A cat” she instructed.
Steve took up the pen and paper, looking at her oddly. “What does this have to do with anything?”
“Just draw. It doesn’t have to be very detailed, just a quick doodle. I promise I will explain in a moment”
Steve wasn’t wholly convinced, but it was an easy ask. Wanting answers, he put the pen to work and quickly sketched out a cat. He thought for second on what to make it look like, deciding on a pose where the cat was laying on its back, paws curled in like an otter. He finished it off with giving the cat some spots.
“There” he said, setting the pen down. “Now you wanna tell me why I did that?”
Instead of answering, Wanda reached down and pulled out her phone. She fiddled around with it until she found what she was looking for, showing the screen to Steve.
“Look familiar?” she asked.
On the screen was the picture of a cat in the same pose as Steve had drawn, with almost the exact same pattern of spots. No, not almost- with the exact same pattern of spot. He knew because he’d placed a single spot on the cat’s forehead in his drawing, and the cat in the image had the same marking too.
She must have noticed his look of confusion. “This is Vision, my cat. I thought about this picture very hard while you were drawing”
“What’s that supposed to mean, you put the image in my head?” asked skeptically.
“No. What I did was, ah, what is the right word… broadcast” she said, snapping her fingers when she found the word she was looking for. “I broadcast the image out, and you simply picked it up”
“So you put the image in my head” Steve reiterated, though he still didn’t quite believe it.
“No. What I do- what I did, was think very loud” she explained slowly.
“How’s that any different?”
Wanda made a face, then seemed to settle on something else. “Okay, let me explain. You know how most people can see, and some cannot?”
“Sure”
“Some people have better eyesight than others. Some people can only see far away, and some only things that are close”
“Uh-huh”
“So some people, like me, are psychic. Our minds can pick up thoughts, or auras, or chakras, or other things. It is like vision- different people have different abilities. Most have it a little, and others have it a lot”
“Like you” Steve said.
“Yes, like me. And also like you”
Steve blinked. “What?”
“You have a little psychic skills, I can tell. And this proves it” she said, tapping the drawing of the cat Steve had done.
“You heard my thoughts, even faintly, enough to make this drawing of Vis. And that is another proof too. Those who are psychic have latent talents. Yours is drawing.
“Which also proves that I have psychic skills” she went on confidently. “Which answers your question of how I can tell your friend is cursed. I can see these things more easily”
“Hang on, hang on” Steve said, backpedalling. “I’m psychic? Ma’am, I don’t think you have that right. I can hardly guess at what you’re thinking, or what anyone is for that matter”
“Did you not hear what I just said?”she scoffed. “Everyone is different. No, you cannot hear thoughts, but I’m sure you pick up on other things. Especially with your drawing, I’m sure. It is common for the talent to be tied in with the mind”
Steve thought of his portraits, how he always knew exactly what features to emphasize on his subjects to make them happy. How he could spot the smallest detail, usually that tied in with there personality.
No, but that’s- that’s crazy, he thought. I’m not psychic.
He didn’t spend four years at college for nothing.
Steve shook his head. “No, I think you’re mistaken. Hell, I barely believe you’re psychic, no offence”
“None taken” she said lightly. “But it is true nonetheless”
“I- look, I came here to ask you about my friend, forget about me” he said, getting them back on point. “You said you sensed a curse on him- because you’re psychic- but what exactly was it that you sensed? Was it just a bad, uh, aura?”
She shrugged, sitting back. “Yes and no. It is hard to explain, but essentially I sensed a powerful entity attached to him. It gave off very negative energies, and so I warded it off as he passed me by”
“But what exactly is it?” Steve asked, pressing further. Was that all there was to it? Just some bad so-called energy? Or was there more? Had she maybe seen the cards, passing by Bucky’s tent earlier this week and spying them?
“This I do not know” she said. “Just that he had a curse attached to him, and it is not one I would want near me”
“What if- if I told you what it was? Could you give me some information on it? How to-” Steve paused a beat, “-how to break the curse, maybe?”
Steve still didn’t know if he believed it or not, but maybe, if Wanda gave him something to work with, he could convince Bucky the cards could be excised somehow.
She shrugged again. “It is hard to say. Like people, curses and hexes are all different. It will all depend on who created the curse and what it does exactly”
“What if I said they were a pack of cards?”
Before Steve had finished asking however, Wanda was already waving him off and shaking her head.
“No, I am sorry, but with this I cannot help you. I sensed that the curse your friend carried was old and strong, it is not something that can be easily broken. At most you could transfer it to somebody else”
Steve frowned. “But what if-”
“Wandica, your eight o’ clock is here” her brother interrupted them, peeking in from the curtained door.
“Look, I cannot give you all the answers you seek” Wanda said, grabbing the pen and paper Steve had just used. She flipped it over, scrawling something on the back, “But if you want to talk more you can call me on this number” she said then handed back the paper to Steve.
Steve took it and glanced down at the number before tucking it into his pocket.
“Do not” she said seriously, pointing a finger at Steve, “call me in the middle of the night. Only during business hours”
Steve sighed. It looked like this was about as much as he’d be getting out of her today.
He stood up, intending to leave, but stopped when another question came to him.
“Hey” he said, turning around. “Just to be clear- it was just the bad ‘aura’ that bothered you yesterday, right? It didn’t bother you that me and my friend were a couple?”
Wanda scoffed. “Oh please. My brother brings a new man home every night”
“Right”” Steve said. Well, there was at least one answer to his questions.
“Now shoo” she said, motioning for him to leave. “I have work to do”
Steve stepped out then, not bothering to stick around. Back in the front room he saw an elderly lady chatting with the young man at the desk, and he took advantage of the distraction to slip out the door without much fanfare.
Back outside, he resumed his path down the walk, now contemplating what the psychic had said.
Am I psychic? he wondered.
Well, according to her, everyone was a little psychic.
Steve shook his head.
No, that was just more nonsense, and wasn’t even the point of his visiting her. He just wanted answers as to why she’d yelled at them the other day, though it felt like he was just left with more questions.
The fact that she agreed with Bucky was the more confounding thing. Bucky had apparently been spot-on- she was warding off evil, and able to somehow sense the cards.
That didn’t necessarily prove anything, though. She could have just as easily seen Bucky working at the sideshow earlier this week, or just… read his body language.
Steve didn’t know what to think.
He sighed, slowly picking up his pace until he was back to a hard jog, making his way towards the breakfast diner he’d originally been intending.
There was a lot to think about.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve unlocked the motel door and shoulder it open, carefully balancing a drink tray and a takeout bag. He kicked the door closed behind him, setting the items down on the desk by the door and looking in.Bucky was still in bed, groaning and pulling the cover over his head as though Steve had just woken him up with his noise.Steve chuckled lightly and glanced down at his watch to confirm- and yep, Bucky alarm should have gone off five minutes ago.“Rise and shine, Buck” Steve said, opening the curtains and letting in more sunlight, prompting Bucky to grumble incoherently under the covers.“I brought you breakfast and coffee” Steve said, moving back to the desk and unpacking the bag.“Brea’fast?” Bucky grumbled muzzily, peaking his head out from the blanket with squinting eyes and ruffled hair. Steve almost laughed at how grumpy and frazzled he looked, and was tempted to pull out his phone and take a picture.He resisted the urge, but only just.“French toast and bacon” Steve said, setting the container down. “But you have to come and get it, I’m not serving it to you”“You just want me to get up” Bucky groaned.“You caught me”Bucky gave him a stink eye before burrowing back under the covers.“I didn’t realize you were such a grumpy morning person” Steve mused fondly.“I didn’t realize you were such an ass in the morning” Bucky grumbled back.“Excuse me” Steve said with fake affront. “I brought you breakfast and coffee. Who else would do that?”“Clint would’a let me sleep more”“Clint would’a slept ‘til noon”Bucky only grumbled more incoherent words, the sound muffled under the blanket. Steve chuckled and went up to Bucky’s bed, leaning down and kissing his head over the covers.“I’ll give you ten more minutes” Steve conceded before grabbing his towel from his bag and making his way towards the bathroom for another shower.It may have seemed excessive, but he wouldn’t get another warm shower for at least a week, and so wanted to take as much advantage while he still could.He didn’t think Bucky would mind- odds were he was already back to sleep.He smiled to himself as he started the shower. Despite his earlier trip to the psychic, his time spent in the motel with Bucky was the highlight of his week.  “Never again” Sharon said heatedly, approaching Steve.Steve looked up from his work on the carnival posters, having taken his work outside on this nice day. He was in the back field behind the trailers, where others were currently sitting in folding chairs and chatting, watching as the performers practiced their various crafts.Steve was sitting with H crew, idly listening to them chatter while in the background performers juggled and bent themselves into odd shapes. Occasionally there’d be a woosh! as the fire breathers sent plumes of flames into the air.“Pardon?” Steve asked, setting his tablet down in his lap to give Sharon his attention.“Never ask me to bunk with Loki again” she said. “He’s the worst”“He’s not that bad”“He spent three hours in the bathroom. Three! Nobody needs to spend that much time in a bathroom!”Steve chuckled, feeling some sympathy before he remembered how she got in the situation in the first place.“Sharon, you know that was your idea, right?” he said, giving her a look. “You offered to bunk with him so me and Bucky could have the room”Sharon look ready to boil over, her frustration palpable. “I don’t care who offered what, just never ask me to do that again! Ugh!” she groaned.“Troubles with my brother?” Thor cut in, overhearing Sharon’s laments.Sharon took a seat next to Steve, leaning forward and rubbing her eyes. “I bunked with him in the motel room last night, and oh. My. God”“A handful, was he?”“You don’t know the half of it. Or, no, maybe you do. You guys grew up together, didn’t you?”“Yes, but thankfully we had separate rooms with our own washrooms, so I never had to deal with his extended solitudes”“Lucky. Honestly Steve, I don’t know how you live with the guy. He takes up like eighty-percent of the space”Steve shrugged, twirling his stylus in his hand. “I’m pretty low maintenance. Don’t need much, which I guess balances out our living arrangement”“Better you than I” Thor laughed, clapping Steve on the shoulder.Steve gave him a grin in return. “Oh, don’t get me wrong; he can be a pain. I just… have a lot of patience I guess”“Well, you’re gonna need it, because I’m sure as hell not gonna do that again” Sharon said.“Noted. But hey, thanks again for giving me and Bucky the room- I really appreciate it. We both do”“Yeah yeah” Sharon sniffed, waving him off dismissively. “Just don’t ask me to do it again”“I won’t” Steve promised with a laugh.“So what’cha working on?” she asked, nosily leaning over to look at his tablet.He angled the screen so she could better see. “One of the burlesque posters. I’m mostly adding the finishing touches on them now” he said, showing her his completed drawing of Lucille, one of the performers.“Ooh, that’s really good. You could probably slap that on the tent as-is”“Well, there’s still a few touch-ups I need to do, but thanks for the compliment”“Man, we really lucked out on you. I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone draw as good as you before”It is common for the talent to be tied in with the mind, echoed in his thoughts, the words of the psychic coming back to him.No, I worked for this, he thought dismissively.“Thanks” he said.“No problem” she said, then stood from her seat. “But enough chit-chat, I gotta go help setup the medical tent for tomorrow”“Need any help with that?”“Nah, I’m good. You just work on the posters- I’m sure Fury wants them done soon”“Alright” Steve said, sending her off with a smile and wave.He looked down at his piece and sighed, taking it in. He thought about Lucille and her act, how he’d studied her movements for the piece.How hard would it be to do? Not all the burlesque dancers, were, well, dancers, exactly. Sure, there were those like Loki who did some impressive acrobatics as part of their set, but some entertained in different ways. Some only sang while stripping, while others took part in comedic skits that often led to near-nudity.The burlesque stages was one of diversity with all manner of acts.Now, Steve was no acrobat, and he couldn’t exactly sing, but maybe…“Hey Thor” he said, catching the man’s attention from where it had wandered back to the main group.“Yes?”“How’d you get into burlesque?”“Ah, why that’s simple! It all started with a bet-”“No, no, I know Loki bet that you couldn’t do burlesque” Steve interrupted. “I mean, how’d you get into the show? Who did you talk to about that?”“Well Ms. Romanov of course. She runs the entire show”“Right. And did you just… ask her? And she let you?”Thor rolled his shoulders. “Not exactly. There was rehearsals of course, and I had to prove I was good enough to go on stage. But yes, after she was convinced I wouldn’t ruin the show, she let me go on. And now I have my own act, provided I ask her permission first”“Huh” Steve said, thoughtful of Thor’s words.“Why do you ask?” Thor said, looking at Steve with a curiously raised brow.“Oh, uh, no reason” he stammered, looking down to his tablet. “Just, wanted to know”“Alright” Thor said, though he didn’t sound wholly convinced.Thankfully he dropped the topic, returning to the chatter with the other guys as Steve put his focus back on his work.As he touched up the poster, he thought more about the burlesque. All those people in the crowd, watching, cheering, taking joy with the performer.Maybe later he’d drop by Natasha’s trailer. Ask her some questions.Maybe.
  
    Chapter Text
    “Knock-knock” Steve said, ducking under to enter Bucky’s tent. The evening was winding down, and Steve was hoping to catch Bucky before he packed up.
“Hey, what’s up?”
“Oh, nothing. Just wanted to see you” Steve said, taking a seat opposite from Bucky.
“You’re gonna turn away my paying customers if you stick around” Bucky said lightly, seeming none too bothered.
“I won’t tell if you don’t”
That got a chuckle out of Bucky, who started shuffling his deck, something Steve had been growing more and more familiar with. He’d started to pick up on Bucky’s tells, like what kind of shuffles said he was anxious, or which ones were out of boredom.
Right now it was closer to the latter, his shuffles casual and at-ease. The weekend had gone by smoothly, the both of them pulling in a decent number of customers.
Steve of course had ended earlier as he couldn’t exactly draw in the dark, and had gone to help backstage at the burlesque for the remainder of the evening.
Steve watched as Bucky did a little flare just for him, sending one card flying in an arch before catching it on top of the deck.
“Oh, your nail polish is chipping” Steve noted, catching sight of some pink specks beneath the deep red Bucky usually had them in.
Bucky paused his shuffling to inspect his nails. “Huh, so they are”
“Can I fix them for you?” Steve asked, a sudden whim overcoming him.
Bucky, though, looked taken aback- more so than the casual offer called for.
“Uh-”
“If you want” Steve quickly added. “I just, I do it for the dancers all the time; I’m good enough that even Loki lets me do his. But, you know, if it’s something you prefer to do yourself-”
“No, uh, it’s okay” Bucky said, though he didn’t exactly sound enthusiastic about it.
“Really, it’s fine-”
“It’s okay” Bucky reiterated, looking to be steeling himself over his words.
Now Steve felt bad, like he’d guilted Bucky into it. The offer really had come out from habit more than anything, and he knew how Bucky was touchy when it came to his hands.
“Well, maybe you could do mine too?” Steve asked hesitantly, offering Bucky back some control and showing off his own badly flaked nails.
“Oh, uh, yeah. We can have a girls night” Bucky joked awkwardly, relieving some of the tension.
Steve gave a light laugh at that, putting his hand back down. “Your trailer?” he asked.
“Yeah, if you can find it”
Steve felt his cheeks heat a little at the old joke- or what he thought was an old joke. Everyone else had yet to grow tired of Steve’s inability to navigate the grounds, or put up a tent for that matter.
“It’s next to Monty and Dugan’s this week, right?”
Bucky cracked a more genuine smile. “Got it in one”
“See, I can learn”
“That’s yet to be seen” Bucky teased, resuming his shuffle of the cards. “And anyway, I can just swing by your trailer on the way to mine, so you don’t have to sweat it”
Steve was sure his relief at that was visible- at least half of his claim to knowing the location of Bucky’s trailer had been guesswork and bravado.
Outside could suddenly be heard the sounds of the crowd leaving the burlesque, a sign that Bucky was about to get his final rush of customers for the night. Though if Steve stuck around, he might ward some of that off.
That wasn’t fair to Bucky though, who took his job as seriously as everyone else.
Instead Steve got up, leaving the chair pushed out for someone else to take.
“I’ll see you later then?”
Bucky gave him a beaming smile, strong enough to ease the last of Steve’s guilt at accidentally strong-arming him into their impromptu nail painting.
“Yeah, I’ll swing by when I’m done”
“Alright, well” Steve said, taking a step back, “I won’t keep you”
“Yeah, wouldn’t want to disappoint the drunks”
They both chuckled at that, before Steve ducked under the flap and left the tent with a parting wave.
Outside there was a slowly growing crowd as people left the big top, and Steve navigated around the more inebriated groups to head to the trailers at the back.
Bucky would probably be busy for upwards of an hour, but that was okay. Late nights were par for the course on weekends, and while most of the other employees would either tuck in or go out drinking, Steve and Bucky would hopefully have a nice night in.
It was important to wind down after a weekend of work, and Steve couldn’t think of a better way than in Bucky’s company.
 

 
“-and then we’d need to choreograph the dance- nothing too extreme, I know, I know” Loki assured from his vanity, removing his makeup while going over his idea as Steve sat and listened apprehensively.
“You’d be in a suit anyway, so we’d have to stick to more common movements. Maybe have some lifts. Oh don’t look so alarmed, I’ve seen the weights you lift. Honestly, you could replace Dugan’s strongman act”
“I don’t know…” Steve muttered, feeling a little flustered just having this conversation.
“Do you trust me? No, don't answer that. Let me rephrase- you know I wouldn’t steer you wrong. Even though comedy isn’t my metier, I have plenty of experience with the choreography. Trust me, Romanov is going to eat this up, as will the crowd”
“Yeah, but… at the beginning?”
“Knowing you, it’s best we rip that bandaid off fast. You’re far better off doing it this way”
“If you say so…”
“Excuse me, you asked me for help. Don’t get cheeky now”
“No, I know” Steve quickly assured. “I’m just, it’s a lot to think about”
Before Loki could say anything else though, there was a knock at the trailer door.
“Look, can we pick this up another time?” Steve asked, getting up to head to the door.
Loki sighed, rolling his eyes in the mirror. “Very well. Don’t let me keep you from your paramour”
“Thanks Loki” Steve said, giving the man a half smile before stepping out of the trailer, making sure he grabbed his single bottle of nail polish on the way.
“Oh, and don’t forget to tell Romanov! I’ll put in a good word, but don’t expect me to do all the work!” he called just as Steve hastily closed the door.
“So what was that about Natasha Loki was yelling about?” Bucky asked, linking arms with Steve as they started to make their way into the trailer park, Bucky leading the way
“Oh, uh, nothing” Steve stammered, feeling his cheeks heat. “Just, um, just something me and Loki are working on for the burlesque”
“Oh? And what’s that?”
“I, uh” Steve said, feeling reticent all of a sudden. “Is it okay if I don’t say just yet? I’m kinda- it’s a work in progress”
He saw Bucky raise a brow in curiosity. “Alright, but you promise to tell me when you’re ready?”
Steve felt relief when Bucky let it drop. “Yeah” he said. “I’ll tell you when I get the details more ironed out” he said. “So uh, how’d you last readings go?”
“Oh, not so bad” Bucky said, accepting the change of topic. “Couple of love questions, one guy wanted to know if he’d get a promotion”
“And how’d that turn out?”
“Well, let’s just say everyone left my tent with a smile tonight”
“I’m glad to hear”
They chatted idly as they made their way through the alleys between the trailers, arm-in-arm, until they finally arrived at Bucky’s trailer. Steve thought; if left alone, he probably could have gotten here on his own, but was thankful of Bucky’s guidance.
They entered the trailer to find the light still on, but the curtains to Clint’s bed were closed off with the slight sound of snoring coming from behind them.
“Oh, should we do this somewhere else?” Steve asked quietly, looking over to Clint’s side with worry.
“You know he can’t hear us, right?” Bucky said in his normal voice. “He takes his hearing aids off when he sleeps. So long as we don’t shake the trailer, he’ll be fine” Bucky said, taking a seat at the vanity and beginning the process of taking off his fortune-teller persona.
“Oh, right” Steve said, having briefly forgotten about Clint’s hearing aids.
“Really, it’s fine. He sleeps heavy, and I’ve had people over before. I think the only thing that would really wake him up is if he smelled coffee brewing”
Steve chuckled at that, taking a seat at the table. He fiddled with his vial of polish while Bucky removed all his jewellery and shawl, then proceeded to wipe off his makeup.
“How’s the nails been treating you?” Bucky asked as he wiped off his mascara.
“Oh, uh, pretty good I guess. I don’t think a lot of people notice them, but I had one kid say she liked them and then showed me her pink glittery nails while I did her face paint”
“Cute” Bucky chuckled, finishing his cleaning and grabbing his own nail polish supplies before joining Steve at the table, sitting opposite from him.
“I got a few layers of polish on already, so how about we do your nails first and then I can remove mine while yours dries” Bucky offered.
“Sounds like a plan” Steve agreed, and held his hands out for Bucky to get started.
They continued to chat while Bucky reapplied polish onto Steve’s nails. When he was done with that he started the process of removing the deep reds from his own nails with the polish remover.
Steve always felt funny after getting his nails freshly painted. It felt dainty to be sitting there with his hands splayed on the table, waiting for them to dry. It wasn’t a wholly bad feeling, but it was odd. He tried to find the humour in it though, and just enjoyed himself in Bucky’s company while they chatted.
After a good ten minutes, Steve was confident his polish had set, and he picked up the vial Bucky had brought over.
“Is this your usual colour?” Steve asked, reading the colour to be Vixen on the bottle.
“Pretty much. I try to stick to the dark reds, but don’t really have any specific brand. Whatever gets the job done is good enough for me”
“Have you ever though about changing the colour?” Steve asked as he unscrewed the top and took hold of Bucky’s hand, starting the process of painting his nails.
“A few times. I tried some purples and once a green, but I always come back to red. It fits my costume best, you know? Oh, and I guess the cards”
“What about black?”
Bucky made a face. “Bleh, no thanks. No offence to people with black nails, but it feels too goth for me. Doesn’t fit the image I want to put out”
Steve chuckled. “That’s fair”
“What about you? Thinking of expanding from pastel blue? Maybe get some glitter?”
That got a huff of amusement out of Steve, who shook his head. “No thanks, I’ll stick with a plain colour for now. But, you know, maybe I’ll try a more vibrant blue when I finish this vial”
“Well let me know when that happens, I’d like to go shopping with you and see what you pick”
“Will do” Steve smiled.
He continued to paint Bucky’s nails, carefully avoiding the cuticles and the skin surrounding it. The work was soothing, yet it also gave Steve butterflies as he held Bucky’s hand in his, feeling the warmth of his skin.
Steve started to get lost in the motion, his artist focus honing in on the little brush and the stripes he drew on Bucky’s nails, filling in the space. Bucky, in the meantime, chatted about the customers he’d had tonight, telling Steve more about the mundane reads.
Steve finished his first hand easily, but it was halfway through his other hand that Steve started to notice something.
There, at Bucky’s wrist, was a faint glimmer. Steve slowed down his brush strokes as he tried to catch the sight again, the image swimming in and out of view like an optical illusion.
Steve brought Bucky’s hand a little closer, something Bucky didn’t pay much mind to as he went on talking- but there, right there, was that thin strand the Steve had spied before.
It was silver and wispy like spider silk, or maybe fishing line. He saw it was wrapped loosely around Bucky’s wrist, a strand branching off and leading back towards the table, presumably to the cards that perpetually sat in Bucky’s pocket when he didn’t have them in-hand.
Steve paused his application to squint at the string, setting the brush down while keeping his loose grip on Bucky’s hand.
“Steve?” Bucky asked, noticing Steve had stopped painting his nails, the last two digits yet to be coated.
“Sorry, I just…” Steve muttered, running his other hand over Bucky’s, slowly inching towards the string.
“Is this always here?” Steve asked.
“Is what here?”
“The, the string…” Steve murmured, then slowly hooked his finger underneath the strand, coming between it and Bucky’s skin.
“What string?” Bucky asked, looking down at Steve with perplexity, but not stopping his movements.
“It’s just-” Steve started to say, gently tugging at the string to pull it away from Bucky’s skin, only for it to suddenly go tight tight tight.
Bucky let out a yelp of pain, tearing his hand out of Steve’s light grasp and cradling the arm close to his chest.
“What- what did you do?! What did you do?!” he cried, hunching in on himself.
The thin strand had disappeared, replaced with free-flowing blood as Bucky’s wrist opened up in a fresh encircling wound.
  
    Chapter Text
    No no no no no-!
His wrist, his wrist burned, it ached, it bled.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. This wasn’t supposed to be possible outside of a reading! The cards never tore at him unless the reading was bad, unless it was tragic and horrible and doomed.
Why were they pulling on him now? What had Steve done?
What had Steve done?!
“Oh god, Bucky, I’m so sorry-”
“Get out!” Bucky cried, cradling his single bleeding wrist close.
“Bucky, please, let me help-”
“I said GET OUT!”
Bucky flinched away when Steve reached out for him, pulling away. He could see the hurt play out on Steve’s face, but couldn’t muster any sympathy. He just wanted Steve to be gone so he could… he didn’t know.
But he wanted Steve gone.
“Okay, I’m gonna go grab Sharon, how about that?”
“I don’t care, just leave”
“Alright, I’m going, and- and I’m so sorry”
Bucky ignored him as he stepped past, making his way out. It was only when the door to the trailer clicked closed behind him that Bucky relaxed a little, breathing hard with his heart hammering in his ears.

  I’m okay. I’m okay.

He trembled were he sat, breathing harshly with his eyes squeezed shut against the pain and fear.

  I’m okay.

Bucky took a breath and swallowed, opening his eyes and carefully moving his hand out to better inspect his wrist. As expected, there was a cut running around like a macabre bracelet, thin and straight and as clean of a cut as could be. Blood dribbled out of it onto the table, and Bucky reached for the little pile of napkins on the table to help staunch the flow.
With Steve gone and the trailer now silent save for Clint’s snoring, Bucky slowly started to calm. Not much, but enough that the trembling wasn’t so bad anymore and his heart wasn’t hammering so hard in his ears anymore.
With his tentative calm came the questions. So many questions.
Namely; what exactly had Steve done?
He just been painting Bucky’s nails a moment ago when he suddenly got a curious look to him and started running his hand up to Bucky’s wrist. Bucky hadn’t seen exactly what he did, but Steve had said something about a string?
Bucky had never told Steve about that though- about how it felt like a little noose was cutting into Bucky’s skin when these things happened.
Bucky looked down at the openly bleeding wound. Why just the one arm this time? All Steve had done was touch his wrist, and suddenly this happened?
And why now? Steve had touched his wrist before- had kissed them sometimes, or just casually brushed against them when they walked side-by-side. What had he done now that was different?
Bucky didn’t know, but he realized he’d have to ask Steve.
Not now, obviously. Not when the wound was still fresh and his arms still trembling.
Bucky let out a breath, looking down at his bloody wrist, then the shirt that now held a large red stain on the front. He’d have to break out the hydrogen peroxide, but that was nothing new. He cleaned blood off his fortune-telling shawl all the time.
Still, the sight of all that fresh blood didn’t help his disposition any.

  What’s different about this time? 
  he wondered as he put pressure on the napkins 
  over his cut.

Was this what the cards were referring to?

  You will be confined to your fate. 
  You will be bound 
  to your death
  .

Bucky didn’t see how that applied here. It had to be related though, didn’t it?
This was something new and never heard of before in relation to the cards. Nowhere in his notebook did it ever mention a situation like this- but then, so had the cards reading Bucky that night he’d read Steve.
What was it about Steve that set the cards off?
Suddenly there was a knock at the door, and it opened a crack. Bucky turned to see Sharon peeking in, a look of worry on her face.
“Hey Sharon” Bucky rasped, his throat suddenly dry.
What was she doing-?
Oh, right. Steve had said he’d get her, hadn’t he?
“Can I come in?”
‘Sure”
Sharon entered with the medical bag Bucky had gotten oh-so familiar with.
“So what happened?” she asked, setting her pack on the table and unzipping it, already collecting the supplies she’d need to patch him up.
“Oh, you know. Same old same old” Bucky tried, though his voice didn’t sound reassuring even to his own ears.
Sharon only frowned at that, taking out the salve and bandages.
“Can I see?”
He held his wrist out to her, pulling the napkins away. They came away almost soaked through, but thankfully the wound itself had slowed to an almost ooze by now, the cards already fixing the harm they’d wrought.
He let her inspect the wound before she grabbed the gauze and started wrapping it.
The cut mustn’t have been too deep since she didn’t immediately try to talk Bucky into going to the hospital for stitches. He would have said no anyway, but it was a good way the gauge the seriousness of his wound.
“Do you wanna talk about it?” she asked, giving Bucky a brief look as she wrapped his wrist.

  God no.

“Not really”
Not the answer Sharon wanted, but by now she knew pushing would get her nowhere.
“Can you at least tell me how this happened?”
“Not really”
He could see Sharon was this close to making a frustrated noise, but her professional demeanour held together.
“Alright, well” she said, finishing the wrapping. “You know the drill. Nothing strenuous, try to keep it elevated, change the bandage after twelve hours”
“Thanks” Bucky said with the best smile he could muster. His shaking had finally stopped with Sharon’s ministrations, her comforting company helping more than the bandages she placed.
Sharon sighed. “You know, you really should talk to someone about this”
“Please, not tonight” Bucky said, already tired. He didn’t have the energy to dodge her attempts to get him to do something about his ‘self-harming’.
She didn’t seem happy about that either, but thankfully dropped the subject.
“Alright. Do you want me to stick around?”
“No, I think I’m good, but thanks” Bucky said, pulling his hand away from her gentle grip and hiding it in his lap.
“Want me to send Steve in?” she asked.
Bucky looked towards the door. “Is he standing out there?”
“Yeah, wanted to make sure I got here alright”
Bucky frowned. While he didn’t quite think Steve caused this on purpose, Bucky needed some space to think over what exactly had happened tonight.
“Actually, could you tell him to leave? Not in a mean way or anything, I just- I want to be alone for the night”
“Sure” Sharon said, giving him a tight smile. She reached across the table and took Bucky’s uninjured arm, giving his hand a comforting squeeze. “And hey, I’m really proud of you”
“What for?”
“You only got one arm this time”
Bucky looked down at his single bandaged wrist. He supposed that did look like an improvement to her.
“Yeah, guess so” he muttered.
Not really the win Sharon was thinking of, but he couldn’t exactly explain to her why this was worse than when the cards bit at both his arms.
“Come see me tomorrow” Sharon said, standing and packing up her bag. “We can talk some more then- not about this” she quickly added right when Bucky was going to say something about that. “Just some chit-chat. It’s been a few weeks since we hung out one-on-one”
“Sure”
The smile Sharon gave him was more at ease this time. “Have a good night, Buck” she said, making her way to the door.
“You too” he said, watching her leave.
Just before the door closed, he got a quick glimpse of Steve standing just outside, a look of worry etched on his face.
Bucky turned away, letting Sharon go and focusing on his arm.
Well, that was one thing dealt with.
His gaze shifted down to his nails, and Bucky sighed in disappointment when he saw three of them had smudged the still-wet polish. They’d have to be re-done.
Not tonight though. Not with his hands still shaking like they were.
But it was a shame Steve never finished. He really had been enjoying their session. Now though, he wasn’t sure he’d ever want to do that again. Not if it risked this happening.
Bucky sighed, then turned to look towards his bunk. He was definitely too shaken to go to bed now.
But, if he couldn’t get to sleep just yet, then maybe…
His eyes trailed down to the cupboards underneath.
Might as well jot down what had happened, he thought as he stood, making his way to the cabinet. Maybe it would bring him one step closer to figuring out the cards.
 

 
Bucky stood nervously outside Steve’s trailer the next day at the ass-crack of dawn.
No, not even that late. It was still dark out, and some of the performers were still up from their night of drinking.
Bucky had only slept fitfully for a few hours, the thought of what Steve had done gnawing at him. He needed to get Steve on the same page as him, and pronto.
Then, in the middle of the night while he’d been staring at the ceiling of his bunk, the idea had come to him.
Get Steve on the same page.
Why hadn’t he thought of this sooner?
In his hands he gripped his journal. One of the most precious item he owned, old and new all at once, holding every awful note about his curse. Every detail and torment dating back decades and centuries.
It had taken him nearly an hour just to work up the nerve to come here with it. Even now, a large part of him wanted to turn around and tuck the journal back in its safe case, never to see the light of day.
But the problem was, despite how much he tried to explain it, Steve never seemed to get it.
He listened, sure. Was all polite about it, asking his own questions too, but throughout it all there was that same undercurrent of disbelief he so often faced with the people close to him. First his family, then his friends, and now the man he had feelings for.
He could probably live with it if it weren’t for that damn reading.

  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.


  You will be confined to your fate. 
  You will be bound 
  to your death
  .

At this point Bucky was at the end of his rope. What did that even mean? What did it mean?!
He’d run through hundreds of scenarios, but at the end of the day, he just didn’t know. He’d exhausted all avenues, which admittedly wasn’t much.
Now he was at his last resort. If he couldn’t figure it out, then maybe Steve could. Maybe there was some puzzle piece missing from the equation, some unknown key that Steve held.
Hell, he’d said something about a string last night hadn’t he? Like he knew something about it- almost like he’d seen it, crazy as that sounded.
Nobody Bucky had ever met had ever seen the strings. Bucky hadn’t even seen the strings, and he was the one attached to them.
But last night… it was almost like Steve had tried to touch the strings, like he knew they were there.
How could Steve think it was all in Bucky’s head after that? And how had he managed to touch them when not even Bucky could?
There were just too many blank spaces left unfilled, and if Bucky wanted to get anywhere, he needed someone who was- as he’d said- on the same page as him.
And the best way he could figure was to give Steve this only record of the cards and the curse.
If only he could muster the courage to do it.
Here he was, standing out Steve’s trailer like an idiot, shifting from foot to foot while holding the journal in his grip. Around him was the faint buzz of the carnival winding down, the oncoming morning sending all the nightowls back to their dens.
Though it seemed like he wouldn’t be able to procrastinate much longer given the sudden sounds coming from within the trailer. Looked like Steve was finally up, and before the sun too.
Ugh, Bucky couldn’t help think, disgusted at the ungodly hour Steve somehow managed to wake up every day. It was so gross that it was endearing, and the feeling managed to relieve some of Bucky’s anxiety.
This was Steve for god’s sake, what was he so nervous about? It wasn’t like Steve was going to steal his journal or anything. Not like he’d tear it apart or set it on fire. That was ridiculous.
Right?
Bucky shook the thought out of his head. No, he was just being paranoid and defensive. He needed to give Steve the journal and have him read it, then they could finally have an actual conversation about the cards and what they meant between them.
And then maybe Steve could shed some light on this whole ordeal.
There was some more subtle shuffling from within the trailer, and then next thing Bucky knew the door was opening.
For half a second Bucky hoped it was Loki, but of course there was only one man who willingly chose to be up at this hour.
The sight of Steve in a tight running shirt greeted Bucky, his face comically shocked.
“Buck-? Uh, hey. Hi. Are you okay?”
“Hi, and nothing’s wrong, just- here” he said haltingly, holding out the journal.
Steve looked down at it curiously, gently reaching out and taking the item out of Bucky’s hands. Watching the journal transfer to someone else’s hands gave Bucky another bought of anxiety, but he shoved it down with a swallow.
“What’s this?” Steve asked.
“It’s a journal about the cards- from the previous owners, not just me” Bucky explained. “I want- I’d like you to read it, please. And then I wanna talk to you about what happened last night”
“About that-”
“I know, you’re sorry about it” Bucky cut in. He crossed his arms, shifting on his feet. “Look, can you just do me a favour and read that? And- and be careful with it? It’s old and important to me”
“I- yeah. Yeah Buck, I can do that”
“Great. It’ll probably take you a while to read, so. Just get back to me when you’re done”
“Sure thing” Steve said, a sad expression on his face for some reason. It made it hard for Bucky to look at him.
“Cool. I’ll just, um, get out of your hair then” Bucky said, turning to leave.
“Wait!” Steve called behind him, and Bucky paused to turn around.
“Can we still have lunch later?” Steve asked pleadingly. “We don’t have to talk about it, I just- I want to make sure you’re okay”
Bucky gave Steve a tight smile. “Sure” he said, because fuck it, he couldn’t say no to that face.
He gave one more glance to his notebook, part of his mind screaming at him to yank it out of Steve’s hand and hide it away, but he ignored it.
He left Steve with the book then, retreating back to his trailer. Today was Monday, which meant Bucky would have to be up in a few hours to pack up his tent, not to mention help out where he could.
Hopefully it would be enough of a distraction that he didn’t spend every minute worrying about his journal.
And hopefully, with some luck, he and Steve could work this out once and for all.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky was on edge all day during pack-up, and all of the next day after that while they moved. Usually he would ride with Steve, but this time he elected to ride with Clint instead.
The odd thing was, besides some slight avoidance, he and Steve were acting like the other night never happened. Their conversations were a little tense and stilted, but nothing extreme, and beside asking Steve only once if he’d read the journal- to which Steve said he’d only started the early sections- they went on as normal.
But every moment knowing his journal was in somebody else’s hands had Bucky tense, and he suspected Steve sensed it. That, or he was still hung up about what happened the other night.
That too was another worry that Bucky had, and a more obvious one at that. Whenever Steve passed Bucky anything, he was always careful not to let their hands touch, and hand-holding was right out. He wore his long-sleeved hoodies too to hide the bandage, though occasionally it would peek out when he moved.
As usual, everybody politely didn’t comment on it save for Sharon, who asked if he needed her to change the dressing.
He declined and did it himself, noting that as usual the wound was already closed and healed unnaturally fast. So there was at least one thing that stayed normal.
Now he was setting up his tent for the sideshow on his own, having declined any help today. He needed the extra work to keep his mind occupied, otherwise he’d be sorely tempted to find Steve and ask him if he finished the journal yet.
That would be ridiculous, of course. It had taken Bucky months to get through that thing- granted, he didn’t try that hard to begin with. The early section was filled with a lot of dated terms and slang Bucky had to look up online, the middle full of messy handwriting that made it hard to understand, and the end packed more science jargon than a textbook.
Still, he had to wonder how Steve was fairing. Maybe like him, he was skipping the entire middle section and going right for the modern stuff. Maybe he wasn’t even reading any of it save Bucky’s entries, and wasn’t that a terrifying thought?
But then, so what? Steve didn’t have to know everything about the cards. Bucky pretty much summed it up in his entries anyway. He just- he just needed Steve to believe him. To look him in the eye and know everything Bucky said was the honest-to-god truth.
And then maybe, they could go over Steve’s reading and figure out exactly what it meant.
“Hey Barnes” someone said from just beyond the tent.
“I don’t need any help” Bucky called, setting up the lights. This would make the fourth person today who came by offering-
“I want my fortune read”
Bucky’s spine went cold, the tug of the cards already filling him with dread- and yet also irritation.

  Goddammit.

He stopped what he was doing and turned around to see Brock Rumlow coming into his tent, a sly smirk on his face.
“Yeah, saw you were alone today. So what do you say?” he said, pulling up a chair and taking a seat like he owned the place.
Bucky grit his teeth, dropping what he was doing and taking his own seat at the table, whose cheap plywood surface sat bare without the silky covering.
The tent was only half-done, barely set up for customers, though Brock didn’t seem to mind much. Of course he didn’t, he only cared about one thing. They all did.
Bucky pulled the deck out of his pocket and set it down between them, glaring at Brock. The man looked smug and well-kept, dressed business casual like he’d just come from the office. That was a lie of course- Brock worked up in New York. To be here meant hours of hard travel, or maybe days if he booked a place to stay the night.
With how fresh he looked, Bucky would guess the latter. Asshole planned this.
“Touch the top of the deck and ask your question” Bucky grit out.
“Don’t mind if I do, sunshine” Brock teased with a tone that grated on Bucky’s nerves. He was not in the mood for this.
“What stocks will have the highest increase this month?” he asked, tapping the top of the deck with two fingers.
The tug on Bucky’s wrists were noted but not harsh, speaking to how low stakes this question was. The cards didn’t care much about making people successful, though they did that anyway. There just wasn’t much tragedy to be found in stocks and bonds.
Bucky pulled the first card, revealing the Nine of Pentacles, reversed.
“You seek to gain riches through deception and duplicity, a path that has brought you here”

  H
  e didn’t bother adding his own flourish to the words and simply spoke verbatim what the cards said.

“Uh-huh, tell me something I don’t know”
Bucky didn’t bother hiding the exasperated look on his face. “They’ll get to it” he said, pulling the next card.
The Devil.
Big surprise.
“You’ve made a habit of living in opulence, a vice you refuse to give up”
He pulled the next.
Seven of Swords, reversed.
“You require counsel to know the best course of action”
Brock made a twirling motion with his hand, indicating for Bucky to hurry up and get on with it.
Bucky pulled the next two cards one after the other.
King of Cups, reversed; and Page of Wands.
“The answer you seek can be found in scandal of that which is small. It is of a device that brings a loss of focus and provides distraction”
“What’s that mean?”
“I don’t know, a phone? What’s a small device that’s under scandal?”
Brock seemed to think on that a moment before his eyes went wide. He snapped his fingers in a eureka! moment.
“The Oscorp Neridia Chip!” he said in realization, as if Bucky knew what that was.
Bucky didn’t care. He just wanted to get this over with.
He pulled the last card while Brock typed something into his phone.
The Nine of Cups.
“Putting your venture into this will bring you great success” he said flatly, though Brock didn’t pay him much mind.
While he was distracted with his phone, Bucky took a chance and eased out of his chair, aiming to sneak out the back of his tent. He almost made it halfway before Brock’s grating voice spoke up.
“Hey hey hey, where are you going? I want my fortune read”
Bucky scrunched his face in annoyance.
He turned around reluctantly, taking up his seat at the table.
“Don’t think I’m done with you yet” Brock sneered.
Bucky morosely collected the spread cards and put them back on the deck, giving them a halfhearted shuffle before setting it down between them once again.
“You know what to do” Bucky said flatly, glaring at Brock as the man tapped the top of the deck.
“What stocks will have the second highest increase this month?”
Bucky pulled the first card, revealing the Nine of Pentacles, reversed. Again.
He sighed.
“You seek to gain riches through deception and duplicity, a path that has brought you here…”
This was going to be a long night.
 

 
Bucky didn’t know how long they sat there. He didn’t have his watch taped under the table to tell him, and he never got a chance to check his phone.
Brock made sure of that.
Question after question about stocks and bonds and interest rates and fucking liquidations, whatever the hell any of that meant. He just kept asking, over and over, making notes on his phone, keeping Bucky at the table by demanding another reading right on the tail-end of the previous one.
The questions were all low stakes, but one right after another?
Yeah, Bucky’s wrists were rubbed raw, the skin a screaming red with needle pinpricks of blood spotting the surface. They burned and ached, like having both bruising and a sunburn at once. It was pretty middling on his usual pain scale, but a pain nonetheless.
Bucky pulled the fourth card in his six-card spread, revealing the Seven of Wands.
“You will need to barter for an advantageous bargain” Bucky said, the words falling out of his mouth tiredly after so many reads at once.
How long had this been going on? Hours at least, if the darkness outside was any indication.
He pulled the next card.
Four of Swords, reversed.
“You will need to be cautious in your negotiations, for the object of your aspirations is one under heavy stress already”
“Yeah, the Baker account has some board members breathing down their necks…” Brock muttered, typing notes into his phone.
“Hey Buck, you got a minute?” Clint asked as he entered the tent suddenly, only to freeze at the sight of the reading going on. He had his bow and quiver casually slung over his shoulder, looking to have just come from practice.
“Uh, sorry, I didn’t realize you were-”
“You-!” Steve suddenly said, coming up behind Clint with a righteous look in his eyes at the sight of Brock.
“Get the hell out” Steve all but growled, stepping past Clint and grabbing Brock by the arm, hauling him up and out of his seat.
“Hey! Get your hands off me or I’ll fucking sue-”
Bucky ignored the rest of Brock’s words, feeling relief even as he drew the next and final card. At least these would be the last one for the night.
God, he hoped so at least.
He placed the card on the spread, unsurprised by the result.
The Nine of Cups.
“Putting your venture into this will bring you great success” Bucky said, the words like dirt on his tongue.
He’d drawn the Nine of Cups at least eighty-percent of the time with Brock, the guy asking over and over for stocks that would have this result.
Bucky slouched with the read finished, pulling his arms close to his body and rubbing at the sore flesh.
“You FUCKER!” Brock shouted from beyond the tent, loud and furious enough to draw Bucky’s attention.
It took Bucky a second to understand the situation outside the tent, but once he did, he couldn’t help barking a laugh.
There was Brock, red-faced and huffy, glaring daggers at Steve. And there was Steve, who had half of Brock’s phone in each hand.
He’d actually snapped his phone in half, the thing Brock had been taking notes in all night. In one fell swoop he’d just negated all of Bucky’s work, and Bucky didn’t mind one bit.
“How about you get the fuck out of here, huh buddy?” Clint said in a threatening tone, his bow no longer slung over his shoulder but rather held up with an arrow nocked and ready.
“You can’t do this- I’ll fucking sue you both! I’ll sue this whole carnival! You stole and damaged my property!”
“Uh-huh. And you’re trespassing” Clint said calmly. “So how about you make like a tree before we call the cops and file a restraining order”
“You can’t-”
“Oh, we can” Clint said, and let loose the arrow.
Brock yelped and jumped back, his anger suddenly turned to fright- then right back to anger when he saw the arrow embedded in the dirt by his feet, right between his legs.
Before Bucky could even blink, Clint had a second arrow ready to go, this one aimed much higher than the ground.
“You fucking lunatic! You could’ve hit me!”
“Oh, if I wanted to hit you, you’d already be dead” Clint assured.
“He ain’t kidding” Steve backed him up. “Guy hits bulls-eyes for a living. You don’t wanna find out just how accurate he can hit, so I suggest you get outta here” Steve said, then threw both halves of the phone at Brock, hitting him in the chest before they fell to the ground.
Brock sneered angrily at both of them, bending down briefly to snatch his broken phone and cradling the pieces close.
“You have no idea who you’re dealing with” Brock growled. “You just cost someone very important millions of dollars. Trust me when I say you’re going to fucking pay”
“Uh-huh, sure” Clint said dismissively, further antagonizing Brock, who seemed torn between taking on two men at once or running off.
In the end he chose the second option, fleeing with his tail between his legs. He sent one final glare back at Steve before disappearing from Bucky’s view.
The two men stood in front of Bucky’s tent for a moment longer, making sure Brock was well and truly gone, before Clint relaxed his hold on his bow and Steve stepped into the tent.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, coming around the table and kneeling by Bucky.
“Yeah, nothing too bad, just a little sore” Bucky said, showing his reddened wrists.
“Oh god. Do you want me to get Sharon?”
“It’s not that bad” Bucky deflected.
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah. They’ll be fine in a few hours”
“Right, because of the… healing thing?” Steve asked hesitantly.
Bucky gave him a small smile, touched that Steve was trying.
“Yeah, ‘cause of the healing thing”
“Hey, you good?” Clint asked, peeking into the tent from where he seemed to be standing guard.
“I’m good, just a little roughed up is all”
“Alright, well. We came to see if you wanted to get dinner with us, but we can just walk you to your trailer instead. Me or Steve can grab you a plate”
“I’d like that” Bucky said, slowly getting up from his seat, careful of his wrists.
“I’ll go grab your plate, if you’re okay to walk back with Clint? I can stick back and close the tent for you” Steve offered.
“Sure, whatever works”
Steve nodded, then looked to want to pat Bucky on the shoulder before stopping himself, settling on a tight smile instead.
Clint walked Bucky out, and the two of them made their way towards the trailers at the back. Bucky was careful to hide his hands in the sleeves of his shawl, not wanting the people they passed to see the damage.
“So what’s up with you and Steve?’ Clint asked as they walked. “Had a fight or something?”
“What? No, who told you that?”
“Oh, nobody” Clint said, scratching his chin. “Just, Steve came to me and asked if I’d walk with him to get you. Said something about not wanting to be alone with you?”
That gave Bucky pause. “He doesn’t want to be alone with me?”
Had he scared Steve away? Had the cards freaked him out too much to bear?
“Well, see, I think he has it the other way around. Says you wanted space, and he didn’t want to corner you alone”
Bucky grimaced, realizing he’d read that wrong.
And Clint, as usual, was being his overprotective self. Something Bucky would have to clear up if he didn’t want a repeat of last time.
“Okay, so, you know how I hurt my wrist the other day?”
“Yuh-huh”
“Well, it’s ‘cause I had a little freak out with him in our trailer, and I, uh, sorta kicked him out”
“He do something?”
Bucky made a face, trying to think of how to explain to Clint that Steve has somehow set off the cards without a reading.
“Not… well, sorta, but not really. He kinda just touched my wrist and I… freaked out”
“Ah” was all Clint said to that, their walk turning slightly awkward.
“Sooo, I don’t need to punch him or anything?” Clint asked as the got to their trailer.
“No!” Bucky said quickly, turning to his friend with a serious look. “Clint, please don’t punch my boyfriend”
“Oh, he’s your boyfriend now?” Clint grinned.
“I- he’s- shut up” Bucky stammered, turning and hastily entering the trailer.
“So he is” Clint said cheerfully, following behind.
“I didn’t say that!”
“Oh, but you did”
“Shut up” Bucky said in a huff, moving to sit on the couch. “And don’t tell him I said that” he added, pointing to Clint.
Clint sat down at the vanity, sitting backwards on the chair to give Bucky a playful grin. “Alright, alright, I’m just messing with you anyway. Just had to check he wasn’t turning out to be an ass is all”
Bucky snorted at the that, tucking his arms close to hide the marks on his wrist as he did. He appreciated what Clint was doing, but this wasn’t exactly a light conversation to have.
“He didn’t do anything, if that’s what you’re wondering” Bucky said. “Like I said, I… you know, and didn’t react well to him being there because of it” Bucky lied.
Before Clint could comment, however, there was a light thump at the door that had both of them turning their heads.
They both listened as there were several more thumps and some muffled cursing before it finally opened, revealing Steve, who was struggling to open the door while balancing two full plates of food. Bucky noted the food was spaghetti and meatballs; not an easy thing to balance.
“I got dinner” he said, carefully entering the trailer and letting the door slam behind him.
“Thanks man” Clint said, taking one of the plates. Steve came over and set Bucky’s plate down on the table before stepping back, giving Bucky an appraising look.
“You sure you’re okay?”
He gave Steve a tired smile, his energy starting to wane after the night’s events. “Yeah, I’m good” he assured.
“Alright, well, uh. I’ll go?” Steve said with hesitation, like he wasn’t sure if that was what Bucky wanted.
“Yeah, I’ll see you tomorrow”
Bucky felt a little mean dismissing Steve like that, but right now… he just couldn’t deal with this.
It still hurt to see the look on Steve’s face at his words, but he didn’t quite have the energy to soften them.
“Sure thing. And feel free to text me if you need anything” he said, giving Bucky a long glance before making his way out of the trailer. He was careful not to slam the door on his way out.
It left him and Clint in silence, to which Clint then blew out a breath.
“Man, you gotta talk to him about this. He really cares about you” he said.
Bucky slouched down in his seat and groaned, rubbing his face. “I know. Just, not today, alright?”
“Yeah man, whatever you say” Clint said, taking a seat at the table and digging in to his plate without another word, though the silence sat heavy.
Bucky looked up to his own plate of spaghetti, lovingly served and brought to him by Steve. The noodles seemed to stare at him accusingly.
Bucky sighed. Today had been a rough day. Stress over his journal in Steve’s hands and then Rumlow on top of it didn’t make for a good time.
He supposed he should be grateful to Steve for coming to his rescue- and admittedly, seeing him break Brock’s phone had buoyed his spirits somewhat- but it was all just a bit too much.
He’d have to have a serious conversation with Steve soon, and he wasn’t exactly looking forward to that either.
At least I don’t have to do it today, he thought tiredly.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve stood outside Bucky’s trailer in what he imagined was a reversal of their roles, with Bucky’s journal held in his hands.A week had gone by since Bucky gave Steve the book, and he’d plowed through it as fast as he could at every given opportunity. He even skipped a few runs to get more time into reading, and the culmination was finally finishing it a week later.It was a good thing too. Things weren’t quite the same between him and Bucky ever since the string incident, and it seemed to only get more tense as Steve held possession of the journal.And he could see why. Reading the journal had felt like a breach of intimacy, a step too far into Bucky’s personal issues. Everything detailed in the book highlighted just how terrible the cards were, particularly Bucky’s section where he noted how his life slowly unravelled piece by piece thanks to the deck.What Steve couldn’t quite settle on was if it was true. It could be that the book only fed into Bucky’s delusion, something that gave him the idea of cursed cards in the first place. Some literary project someone had made that Bucky later found and got too into.But then, what if it was all true? What if all those old entries weren’t fiction, but the real thing?It was a hard pill to swallow. Steve just couldn’t consolidate a magic curse with what he knew of reality, and yet…He found himself almost believing it after his reading. There was just so much history in the pages, and he didn’t just mean for the older entries.It had been heart-breaking to read Bucky’s section at points, to read of his suffering through childhood and into adulthood. The mockery from his peers, the disbelief from his family. The rough times on the streets, scrounging for scraps and shelter.The carnival really was the highlight in Bucky’s life, and one of the few good things to happen to him, so similar to Bernadette’s entries.And then Steve had gotten to the part where he’d come in, and the oddity he presented. He’d had to read that section several times just to get it to sink in.
  At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life.
And then; You will be confined to your fate. You will be bound to your death.Had he been causing Bucky stress this whole time? He hardly remembered anything from that reading save for Bucky bleeding out, and yet the other man had been agonizing over it ever since.How had he ever accepted Steve’s advances? How did he spend even a moment with Steve when he had this hanging over his head?Steve would say one thing about it though; it really put into perspective Bucky’s earlier behaviours. The avoidance, the fear, the hesitance. And Steve had pushed nonetheless.While he didn’t so much regret their courtship, he couldn’t help the guilt at all that stress he’d unknowingly put upon Bucky.But then, giving Steve his journal had to count for something, right? A token of trust maybe, a sign he was opening up. The least Steve could do was meet him halfway and give him some benefit of the doubt.So yes, Steve was standing here entertaining the thought that Bucky’s tarot deck had a real curse on it. Even if deep down he still doubted, the least he owed Bucky was to try.So he stood there and worked up the courage to knock on Bucky’s door, several hours after the end of their shift. The sun has set a while ago, and the carnival was only slightly abuzz as people either practiced their acts or just spent the night in.There was some shuffling from inside the trailer, and then Bucky was answering the door.“Oh, hey” he greeted from the top of the steps.“Hey” Steve said back. “I, uh, finished reading your journal”As if to prove it, he held out the book for Bucky to take.Bucky blinked, looking down at the journal. “Already?”Steve smiled shyly. “I, uh, kinda plowed through it”Bucky took it back quickly then, pulling it close to his chest like Steve had just returned a cherished pet. “So do you have any, um, questions?”“Could I come in? Maybe we should talk about this in private.He looked around beyond Steve. Though it was just the two of them for now, any moment someone could walk by, and Steve didn’t think this was a conversation Bucky wanted spread around.Bucky took a step back, holding open the door for Steve. “Yeah, sure, come in. Actually, I wanted to have a talk with you anyway”He followed Bucky in, the two of them taking a seat at the table opposite from each other. Bucky set the journal down carefully between them, keeping one hand on the cover as if he were scared it would somehow fly away.“So” Bucky said after a beat. “What did you think?”“What did I think? I mean, it was a lot. I didn’t realize how, uh, long the cards had been around”“Yeah, not sure exactly where they came from except maybe Italy. No idea how they became cursed either”“Yeah, didn’t really have any answers about that written anywhere” Steve agreed. “So, uh, where’d you get the journal anyway? Did that Zola guy give it to you after- you know?”Bucky huffed, looking down at the book. “Not exactly. I never saw him again after that day. I just, I needed answers when the cards started acting up, so I visited his studio again a few months later hoping to find him. What I found instead was his great-niece packing up the place.“The guy died the day after he passed the cards to me- but apparently he’d written in his will that the journal was to go to whoever he gave the cards to. Didn’t leave me anything else, but why would he?”“God, Buck, I’m so sorry” Steve said, his heart aching. He reached a hand out and set it on the table palm-up, an open invitation for Bucky to take his hand.Bucky gave him a tight smile, reaching out and accepting the comfort. Steve felt a little better with their hands touching.“Had a hell of a time holding onto this thing when they sent me to the psych ward. I ended up hiding it at my school’s library, retrieved it the night I broke out and ran away”“It’s really important to you, huh?”“Yeah” Bucky said, looking down at the journal. “It’s the only information I got on these things, and the only proof that they’re real besides the cards themselves. I keep writing in it ‘cause I figure one day I’m gonna bite the dust too, and then the cards will have to go to somebody else. I just hope this thing can actually help them like it did for me”“Well, I hope that’s not gonna happen anytime soon”“Yeah, same. But, you read it all, right? Even the part when I read your fortune?”Steve nodded solemnly. “I did”“So you know about your reading, and how I’m involved with it?”“Yeah”Bucky sighed and took his hand out of Steve’s. “So that’s mostly what I wanted to talk to you about. That, and what happened last week”Bucky took his journal and opened the pages, flipping to the later sections until he found what he was looking for.“So, I was thinking maybe we could go over your reading card by card and figure out what the hell it means. Would that be okay?”“Yeah Buck. More than okay. I wanna figure this out same as you”“Alright, well, we can start with the first card I guess” he said. “The Hermit, inverted. This usually means you’re lonely, secluded, and desire connection”Steve sighed, grimacing slightly. A little harsh, but true nonetheless. “That’s about how I’d describe myself before coming here. I mostly stayed home, didn’t go out much or have many friends. And, uh, I was single, obviously, so I guess I did want some kind of connection with someone eventually”At that, Bucky gave him a small smile. “Despite all this shit, I am glad I met you”Steve gave a smile in return, his heart flipping. “I’m glad I met you too”They shared a fond look together before Bucky glanced down at the page and cleared his throat. “Anyway, the first card doesn’t usually say much, it’s mostly about your current situation or who you are as a person. Now the second card, that’s where we can really get started” Bucky said.“So after the Hermit, I pulled the Moon. I think I said something like ‘You’ll be tempted by one who’s hidden in darkness and secrecy, who will run away from you’. Now, I’m guessing that was me”
  S
  teve felt his cheek heat for some reason, and he rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, you were pretty tempting”
“Uh-huh, real Casanova you were”Steve snorted. “Yeah yeah. Just get to the next card.Bucky looked down at his own notes, his smile turning into a grimace.“After that I pulled the Tower, which… objectively is the worst card to get”“How bad is it?”“The Tower usually means destruction and upheaval, or disaster. It tends to mean things are going to shit”Steve frowned at that. “Is that what’s gonna happen?”“In this case I don’t think so. See, what I read that night was something along the lines of ‘Your life will be thrown into upheaval’ and ‘Everything you hold familiar will be gone, your life will be thrown into chaos’ which, and I’m only guessing here, is when you joined the carnival”Steve thought on that. “I mean, I guess you could call that an upheaval” he mused.“Pal, you left your cushy graphic designer job and house to live on the road with a carnival. If that’s not upheaval, I don’t know what is”Steve chuckled lightly, unable to refute that. “You got me there”Bucky grinned at him. “Alright, well the next card I pulled was Strength, which ain’t half bad. Your read on that one was something like ‘Your strength of character will help you break barriers that would hold others back. When all else would fail, your compassion will carry your forward’”Steve thought on that a moment. “I mean, I’ve made friends with most of the people here, and most of them didn’t like me to start with”“Yeah, see, that was my thought too. Had a bit of an uphill battle thanks to Clint”“He meant well” Steve defended, though he didn’t disagree with Bucky’s statement.“Yeah, well. Just goes to show how far your winning personality can take you” Bucky said teasingly.Steve demurred at the compliment, rubbing his cheek. “I’m just nice is all”“Sure” Bucky chuckled. “But anyway,” he continued, “the next card I pulled was the Four of Pentacles, which normally means something will take time or face a lot of opposition. I think my exact words were something close to ‘You objective is obscured in fear and paranoia. It’s precious and it is kept shielded, even from you’”Steve frowned, wracking his brain for meaning. “What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked when nothing came to mind.“I’m guessing it was the start of your time here when everyone was against you- but that’s just a guess. This card came later in the reading, so it could still be something that hasn’t come up. To be honest, I’m not really sure what it means. I have no idea if this came to pass already or has yet to be”He gave Bucky a nonplussed look to which Bucky only shrugged, neither of them sure what to make of it.“Well, I’ll keep an eye out for anything hidden from me I guess”Bucky raised a brow. “Did you hear yourself just now?”Steve scratched his chin in chagrin. “Yeah, sounded stupid the moment it came out of my mouth”“I bet” he said lightheartedly, and the two of them shared a chuckle at that.Things turned tense though when Bucky moved on to the next card.“So this is where things got weird”“The Prisoner, right?”“Yeah” Bucky said, then reached into his pocket and pulled out the deck. He set it on the table and then drew the top card, holding it up for Steve to see without even looking at it. On it was the Prisoner.“So you know this card only comes up when I draw from the deck, right?”Steve nodded, recalling what he’d read in the journal. “Yeah. The Prisoner is you, and nobody else can ever draw the card unless the deck is being passed to somebody else”“Exactly. So what I want to know is why did it come up for you?” he asked, setting the card back on top of the deck.Steve shrugged his shoulders helplessly. “Beats me. I honestly had no idea about your deck until you told me about it. That night is as much a mystery to me as it is to you”“So you have no idea why the deck didn’t just draw the Prisoner, but also a seventh card? Or that it read me and not just you?”“Like I said, I didn’t even know the deck was cursed until you told me. I just thought they were some cards- and, to be a bit frank, I was kinda preoccupied at the time to really notice what you were saying”Bucky furrowed his brow. “Preoccupied-?”“Yeah, you know, your, uh, wrists and all. There was a lot of blood”“Oh, right. That”“Yeah”There was a beat, then Bucky sighed.“So you don’t know what the cards mean by ‘You will be confined to your fate. You will be bound to your death’?”“No idea”Bucky looked down at the deck, thinking.“So, you’re aware that whatever doomed thing is going to happen to me will be decided by you, right?”“Wait, what?”“Just before my read, your last fortune said ‘At your will, the Prisoner will be bound for life’” Bucky said, leaning in. “Emphasis on ‘At your will’. That means you make or break this fortune”Steve blinked. “What?”Bucky let out a breath. “Whatever it is, whatever shitty thing is going to happen to me- you’re the one who decides if it happens or not”“I- no, no, I’d never-”Bucky held up a hand, stopping Steve. “I’ve already put some thought into this one- and trust me, it was a lot of thought- and there’s a few ways this could play out. Could be that you have to make a choice that’s either between me or something else; could be that you make a bad call by accident. Could be that some innocent choice has a domino effect and kills me or something.“The fact of the matter is I just don’t know. The reading was too vague”“What if- what if we did another reading? Ask specifics this time”Immediately Bucky blanched, and Steve regretted his suggestion almost immediately. “Or, not. I guess we don’t want a repeat of last time” Steve quickly amended.“Yeah, not really something I wanna try” Bucky agreed, a slight shiver wracking his frame at the thought.“So then, where does that leave us?” Steve asked. “Is there something I can do to make this better?”“Honestly? I don’t know. Literally anything you do could lead to a bad outcome, even doing nothing. Whether you stay or leave, be careful or reckless- it’s all the same. There’s just no way to know. The best I got is you’re gonna be faced with a choice, and whatever you decide will either effect me or not”Steve didn’t particularly like the sound of that. Never in a million years would he ever want to hurt Bucky, but the way he phrased it, it sounded like Steve didn’t have much choice.Or, not quite no choice, but very few options at the least.“Bucky, I want you to know that I’d never hurt you purposefully” he said earnestly.Bucky sighed. “See, that’s the problem. I think when you do whatever it is that you do, it’ll be by accident. The more I’ve gotten to know you, the more that’s become clear”“So what, we just wait around for something to happen?” Steve asked.“It’s the best I got. Really, I was hoping this talk might bring us some answers, but now I think that’s out of the picture”Steve still wasn’t sure about the reality of the cards, but whether they were real or not, the prophecy that they’d spewed that night they first talked must have been hanging over Bucky’s head like a guillotine, and Steve couldn’t imagine the stress that must have been causing.It was no wonder he’d been avoiding Steve at first. And here Steve thought it was because of the cuts he’d received that night, when this whole time he’d been worrying about some portentous doom that Steve would be the cause of.“Oh Buck, I’m so sorry” Steve said, reaching his hand out once more. Like before, Bucky took the comfort, linking their hands together and holding tightly, a saddened expression on his face. Bucky’s shoulders hunched like he’d given up, and in a way, he may just have.“If there’s anything- anything- I can do that’ll help, please tell me. I don’t ever want to hurt you, on purpose or by accident” Steve said.Bucky gave him a tight smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. “If I come up with something I’ll let you know. For now, you knowing might help things. So, you know, this wasn’t a waste of time or anything”“Yeah. I’ll be careful from now on, I promise”“See, there’s another thing I wanted to talk to you about” Bucky said, pulling his hand away again and tucking it in his lap. “I wanted to ask you what happened last week. You mentioned you saw a string, and then you touched my wrist, and it… you know. Set off the cards somehow”Steve frowned, thinking back to that night. “Yeah, it was weird, I just… When I was painting your nails, I suddenly saw this piece of string around your wrists. I’ve seen it a few times before, but it’s never been clear. Are you- do you know that they’re there?”Bucky shook his head. “I feel them when they go tight, but otherwise there’s nothing. See?” he said, then raised his hands to show Steve. He rand a hand along both wrists to show there was nothing there, and Steve had to agree that he didn’t see anything.“Can I check?” Steve asked. “I promise I won’t touch them this time” he added.Bucky looked to hesitate over the offer, but then reluctantly held his left hand out for Steve to take. “Just, be careful this time”“I promise” Steve said, then reached down and took Bucky’s hand, leaning in to get a better look.He turned the appendage this way and that trying to catch a glimpse of the string, but this time proved useless. There just wasn’t anything there but skin.Steve looked up. “Is it okay if I feel for them? I’ll be gentle” he asked, waiting for Bucky’s permission before he did anything.Bucky swallowed, looking a little pale, but he eventually nodded his assent.Steve gave him a comforting smile before very gently sliding his hand up Bucky’s wrist, his touch feather-light and slow.He felt all along Bucky’s wrist and even a ways up his forearm, but no luck. He just couldn’t find the string again.Was it maybe that Bucky wasn’t wearing it? Last week he’d just gotten back from his fortune-telling tent, and may have still been wearing them for his shuffling tricks.But then, there was the possibility that these really were magic strings and they just weren’t making an appearance right now.Steve let go of Bucky’s hand. “So you’ve really never seen the strings?”Again, Bucky shook his head. “I didn’t even know they could be seen. Do you have any idea how you saw them?”
  It is common for the talent to be tied in with the mind.
He’d been painting Bucky’s nails when he’d seen them, hadn’t he? That was an art of sort. And then there was the time he’d been drawing Bucky’s portrait, where he’d again seen another hint of the string.No, but that was ridiculous. Steve wasn’t psychic, that was crazy.Wasn’t it?Well, no crazier than a cursed deck of cards.“Not- not really. I sorta just caught a glimpse” Steve lied, not quite ready to share what a random fortune teller had told him.Bucky leaned back a groaned. “Ugh, these fucking cards. Just when I think I understand everything I can about them, new stuff shows up”“It must be tough” Steve said in sympathy. He wanted to reach out again and take Bucky’s hand in comfort, but resisted the urge. Bucky was probably still a little touchy with his hands right now, and Steve had been pushing his boundaries enough as it was.“You can say that again” Bucky muttered.The two of them sat in silence for a while, the tarot deck taking up space between them like it was its own person, the matching journal its companion.“Buck, I wanted to say,” Steve said, breaking the silence, “thank you for sharing this with me. I know this is a lot, and that its hard to talk about, but thank you for trusting me with it”Bucky shrugged noncommittally, bringing one hand up to cover the journal. “Yeah, well. I wasn’t getting anywhere on my own. Thought you might have some answers”“Sorry I couldn’t give you any”Bucky shrugged again. “Eh, it was worth a shot. And now you know, so at least that’s something”“Yeah”There was a beat of silence where neither of them said anything, and Steve shifted in his seat.“Hey, are we good?” he asked, feeling unsure of the situation. It still felt like there was some tension leftover from before, and Steve really wanted to clear the air of it.“Yeah, we’re good” Bucky answered. “Just, give me a bit more time. I’m kinda under a lot of stress if you didn’t notice” he said half-jokingly.“I can imagine”They shared a look, and then Bucky sighed, leaning forward and rubbing his face in his hands. “Ugh, this has been a lot” he groaned.“Well, I’m here for you if you need” Steve said.“Thanks”A moment passed, and then Bucky sat up again, composing himself. He looked down at his journal, then to the cards, and sighed again.“Hey, do you wanna watch something since you’re here? Could use some distraction from all this”“Yeah, I can grab the laptop” Steve said, getting up. “It’s in the usual place, right?”“Yeah. Let me just put this stuff away while you do that” Bucky said, grabbing the deck and placing the cards back in his pocket, then picking up the notebook and getting up.Steve went to the cabinet Bucky and Clint kept their shared laptop in, giving Bucky some privacy to put his book away.The way Bucky handled it, Steve could tell it was important to him. And of course it was, it was the only other thing that corroborated his experience with the cards. Steve would be protective of something like that too.As they set up and tucked in to watch a movie, Steve thought over the conversation they’d just had.If the time ever came, Steve would obviously choose Bucky first. He couldn’t even imagine a scenario where he’d hurt Bucky, accident or no.But then, he’d already done that twice now, hadn’t he? First with that reading all those months ago, and then more recently when he’d carelessly tugged on the strings at Bucky’s wrist.There was just so much unknown, so many possibilities that Steve couldn’t take into account.A pang went through Steve at the thought of how these similar thoughts must have gone through Bucky’s mind, but for much longer.Steve sighed quietly as the movie played, his mind occupied elsewhere.How much of what they’d talked about was even real though? This was all conjecture under the assumption that the cards held a real curse and could actually predict the future.Steve didn’t know what to believe, but he knew one thing;He’d try his damnedest not to hurt Bucky again. Not ever.
  
    Chapter Text
    Weeks passed, and while it didn’t fully return to normal between them, things definitely settled down. Steve ate his lunch and supper with Bucky, and they kept up their usual movie nights interspersed with hanging out with their friends.Steve also had that talk with Natasha, with Loki there to back him up. It had been nerve-wracking how her eyes seemed to rake him up and down as he stumbled and stammered through his pitch, but in the end she accepted his proposal on a trial basis.He’d have to attend practices more actively, but the end result was exactly what he’d been hoping for- and fearing.He still couldn’t believe he was going through with it, but hell, he’d joined the carnival to explore his own boundaries and push himself out of his comfort zone, and there was nothing more out of his comfort zone than this.He kept the news hidden from the others of course- he didn’t want people to know before he was ready, and there was a small part of him that wanted to just quit altogether, so the less pressure he had the better.It helped that all the other burlesque performers liked him and agreed to keep things hush-hush. Even loud and boisterous Thor promised not to tell a soul. That combined with the fact that the burlesque crew were their own clique who didn’t often fraternize with the other performers helped keep things on the down low.Really, the only trouble Steve had was convincing Sharon not to tell anyone, and that was an uphill battle. Because she was technically in the burlesque, albeit in a more tame capacity, she’d caught him at rehearsals and learned he’d applied to be in on the acts.Hence his current conversation with her back in the changing room.“What do you mean you don’t want people to know? How do you even plan to keep this a secret, the entire cast already knows!” she argued.“Yeah, but I don’t want word spreading everywhere else. I’m not even sure I’m gonna stick with it!”“Of course you are, are you kidding me? Look at this” Sharon said, then grabbed Steve’s arm and lifted it into a flexing pose, squeezing his biceps. “The crowds gonna eat this up, they’ll love you. You could literally just stand there shirtless and get a standing ovation”Steve felt himself flush at her words, pulling his arm out of her grip and crossing them over his chest. “You know I’m more than just muscles, right?”“Of course you are, you’re talented in many respects; muscles just happen to be a crowd-pleaser. I mean, have you seen Thor’s act? He doesn’t even strip and yet people fawn all over him. He gets, like, three phone numbers on nights he performs, from girls and guys”Steve frowned. “I’m not looking to get any phone numbers”Sharon rolled her eyes. “That’s not the point I’m making. Look, you’re gonna kill it no matter what you do, so why keep it all a secret?”“I don’t know, I just do” he said defensively. “Can you just not tell the others about this one thing? I’m still new at this, I don’t even know if I’ll be any good”“Pfft, you’ll do great”“They want me to dance! I don’t know if you remember, but I got two left feet over here”“Are you kidding me? You’ve got Natasha herself and Loki coaching you. Those two can do miracles together”“They get on each other’s nerves though. Can barely stand to be in the same room together”“Which means they must really see something in you if they’re teaming up to help you practice” she countered.“More like taking turns”“Whatever, you know what I mean. You have the best of the best working with you, and they don’t just teach anybody. Consider yourself lucky”“You know what I’d really find lucky? Is if you’d keep quiet about all this”Sharon huffed. “Fine, fine, I won’t tell Bucky”“From anybody. I’m not just keeping this from him, I don’t want Clint or Scott or any of the others to know”Sharon gave him an appraising look. “Wow, you really don’t want this getting out, huh?”“Not really. Like I said, I don’t want any more pressure, even from people who mean well. It’s bad enough I got the whole burlesque crew cheering me on”Sharon raised her hands as if in defeat. “Alright, fine, I won’t tell anybody” she relented, and Steve sighed in relief.“Thank you” he said.“Uh-huh. Just make sure I get front row seats when you go on”They continued on with rehearsals, with Steve still acting as a stagehand in helping the others move props or tie into their corsets. His turn to practice on stage was still a ways away, and he was glad for that. He really didn’t know if he would stick with it, it all just seemed like so much.Even as a stagehand, stepping onto the stage wracked his nerves with fright. How he was ever going to do that as the main focus was beyond him, but still, it was something he wanted to try.Rehearsals wrapped up well past nine, and still some performers stayed behind to get some more practice in. Officially though, they were free to go, and Steve left to take care of other business.Namely, he had an appointment to keep.  The thing was, he’d tried calling Wanda’s psychic shop a few days ago, but was told he’d have to make an appointment. Scheduling things on a carny’s timetable was tough, but Steve managed to find a time that worked.He hurried to his trailer, unworried that Loki would be there as he was one of the performers who stayed late to get in as much practice as he could. It was what made his performances so good.With the trailer to himself, Steve pulled out some loose paper and a pen for notes before dialing the number Wanda had given him.There was a brief ring before someone picked up.“Wanda’s Psychic Advisory, how may I help?” a male voice asked.“Hi, I, uh, have a phone appointment with Wanda”“Yes, just one minute, I will transfer you”Steve waited a few minutes as he was put on hold, until Wanda picked up the phone.“Yes, hello. This is Steve, correct?”“Yep, that’s me” he said.“Excellent. We have a thirty minute appointment. What is it you would like to know?”“I have a question about curses”“Oy vey, I told you already this is not something I can help you with. Your friend’s curse is much too old and powerful. I thought you would want to know more about your gift”“Look, I know you think it’s impossible, but can you just tell me more about them? I’d like to at least try”He heard a sigh over the line. “Fine. Tell me what this curse is”Steve then proceeded to tell her all he knew about Bucky’s tarot cards and their effects, trying not to give too many personal details and sticking only to the facts.There was a pause after he finished as Wanda took in everything he’d told her.“Steve, I will be honest with you. I have only ever encountered one other curse, the rest is just what my bunică told me”“Anything you can tell me might help.“I do not think so, but okay, I will tell you” she said. “A curse can be many things, and it can take many forms. Some are more like hexes; they are placed upon an individual, and those are easily transferred to others in certain cases.“Then there are curses placed upon objects. These objects then perform their tasks in bad faith, hurting those around them, especially the user.“Your friend’s case sounds a little like a mix of the two. It is a cursed object, and yet the curse is also tied to the user permanently, to be passed on upon their death.“Now, how this curse came to be I cannot tell you. Perhaps it was done on accident, where the original user cursed the cards upon death, or maybe it was someone with a gift who created these. It could be these cards are tied to an old spirit who powers their acts. I cannot tell you which of these are the case, but regardless, the curse is old and not so easily broken”“You said you’ve dealt with a curse before though, right? Did you break that one?”“In a sense, but the circumstances were different. I also dealt with a cursed object, but it was much younger than the curse on your friend. This one was on a camera, the kind that prints pictures after you take them”“A Polaroid?”“Yes, a Polaroid. It would take pictures of a person, but show that person hurt. Then later, the person would get hurt exactly how the camera made them out to be”“And how did you break this curse?”“Well, we ran over the camera with a car. Broke it into tiny pieces”“And that worked?”“Yes. Like I said, this was a young curse, and a weaker one at that. Now, breaking the camera did not undo the picture’s effects; people still got hurt, but we stopped the camera from taking any more pictures.“In your friend’s case, I do not believe destroying the cards is as simple”“Yeah. He’s tried almost everything to destroy them, but they always come back”“Exactly. See, this is not something I can give you much help with”“Don’t you know some ritual that can destroy them? Or at least remove them from my friend?”“I do not know of any rituals for something this powerful. And to be honest, it almost sounds like the curse on these cards has a mind of its own. They may very well be consciously choosing to stay with your friend. And if what you told me is accurate, it sounds like they can only be transferred if they so choose”Steve hunched down in his seat, not happy with what he was hearing. “There really isn’t anything I can do? Not even to try?”“None that would be safe. All the rituals I know of would most likely only hurt your friend more, nothing else”Steve sighed. Not the answer he’d been looking for.“Do you have any other questions I can help with? We have a few minutes left for your appointment”“No, but thanks”“Are you sure? I can tell you more about your gift”“No, that’s fine” Steve said.“Alright, if you are sure”“Yeah”“Then I wish you luck with your friend”“Thanks, and have a good night” Steve said, then hung up the phone.He leaned back in his seat and let out a disappointed breath.That call had been all but useless. Steve didn’t learn much, other than the curse might be alive?Yeah, not exactly helpful.He looked down at his phone, wondering where to go from here.Maybe he should have asked her about those other rituals she knew of. For all he knew, just performing them might convince Bucky he was free.But then, if the curse was real and Steve performed the ceremony, there was no telling how much hurt Bucky could be in.It looked like he was back to square one.
  
    Chapter Text
    It was a weekend and the carnival was abuzz more so than usual. As Steve sat at his booth waiting for someone to approach for either a face painting or for their portrait, he watched as the more mobile acts passed him by, with people on stilts and clowns selling balloons making the rounds, along with fire breathers and pinwheeling-acrobats.
He didn’t know what it was, but there was just something different in the air.
He asked Sharon about it later as he wheeled her tank away from the freak show, taking her to the back where she could change out of her tail away from the eyes of the customers.
“What do you mean different?” she asked as he pushed her tank.
“I don’t know, everyone just seems… more excited I guess. The acts seem livelier for some reason”
“Oh, that’s probably ‘cause it’s the last hurrah”
“What ‘last hurrah’?”
“Well, we’re in Texas, which means these will be the last few shows before the winter season hits. Then the carnival hunkers down in Florida before starting the tour all over again” she explained.
This was news to Steve, who hadn’t known what the carnival did during the winter months before now.
“And what do they do in Florida, just pick a spot and stay there?” he asked just as he finished wheeling her out of sight. He reached into the tank and lifted Sharon up in a bridal carry, then gently lowered her to the ground.
“Pretty much” she said as she started to worm her way out of her tail. “The carnival’s got a deal with some landowner at a boardwalk. For two months they set up the big top and act as a stationary circus with some sideshow stuff out front.
“About half the crew leaves and takes on some other seasonal work, while the other half stick around and keep performing”
“Do you stick around?”
“Not really. Most hospitals are always looking for work, so I take on a part-time nursing contract there. I still put in a few hours a week as the carnival to keep my trailer, but otherwise I take a break from the mermaid act”
“Huh” Steve said, thinking that over.
Sharon stood then, clad only in her mermaid bikini as she folded her tail over her arm. “Oh, since you brought up the subject: have you put any thought into what you’re gonna do when we get to Florida?”
“I didn’t even know about Florida until you told me just now”
“Well, think about it. I know Fury and Maria would probably keep you on if you asked, but nobody will bat an eye if you take time off to return home for your graphic design stuff”
“I guess I will” Steve said as they parted- Sharon to go change, and Steve to go get some lunch while he was on break.
Do I want to stay? he wondered as he made his way to the mess. He’d already been with the carnival for nearly eight months, his time having blown by in the breeze.
But then, what about Bucky? Or Sharon and Clint, or all the other friends he’d made? He certainly didn’t want to leave any of them behind.
But then, he had his finances to think about. While his savings had carried him this far, the carnival salary didn’t quite mesh with his mortgage back home.
It was definitely a tough decision, and one he’d have to think long and hard on.
 

 
“Hey Buck” Steve said, interrupting the movie the two of them were watching in Steve’s bed. Bucky was curled up under Steve’s arm, a hand on Steve’s chest as they watched.
“Hmm?”
“When the carnival goes to Florida, do you stay with them?”
“What? Oh, yeah. Don’t really have any else to go in the off-season. Why do you ask?”
“Well, I gotta decide if I want to stay during the off-season”
“Huh”
There was a beat of silence, and then Bucky paused the laptop, turning to look at Steve.
“Do you know what you wanna do?”
“See that’s the thing; I’m not sure. I mean, on one hand I’d love to stay here with you, but on the other hand, I’ve got bills back home to pay for, and this gig doesn’t support that all too much”
“Well, it’s only two months. We could make long-distance work until you come back- that is, if you want to come back”
Steve frowned. “Yeah, and that’s another thing. When I joined the carnival it was sort of on a whim, and I never thought about exactly how long I’d want to stay, but I always had it in my head that it would be temporary. Like one big adventure I got to say I went on. Now though, I’m not so sure.
“To be honest, I’ve really enjoyed my time here, and I really enjoyed spending time with you. I don’t want to leave”
“Then don’t” Bucky said casually. “Stay here permanently”
“But, my house” Steve sputtered.
Bucky shrugged. “Sell it, or rent it out”
Steve blinked. “Huh”
“Yeah. Life doesn’t have to be all hard choices. Do what makes you happy. I dunno, maybe I’m biased, but I say when life gives you a good thing, it ain’t a bad thing to stick with it”
Steve hadn’t thought of that.

  Sell my house?

It wasn’t like he was especially attached to it, but still, that was a bit drastic.
But then, he didn’t exactly want to leave just yet. He was having fun working for the carnival. Seeing the performances never really got old, and every day was something new. It made him get out into the world and try new things.
“I’ll… I’ll think about it” Steve said.
“Your call. And hey, I’m here for you if you wanna talk about it”
Steve smiled, pulling Bucky closer with his arm wrapped over his shoulders. “Thanks pal”
 

 
“So, what’s the big news?” Sam asked, talking to Steve from his tablet.
On the screen was also Riley and Michelle, the three of them squeezing in to talk to Steve.
“Well, the winter season is coming up, and the carnival is gonna stay in Florida during that time, and… well, I’m gonna stay with them”
“You mean you’re not coming back?”
“For now, not really”
“Hey, I don’t mind” Michelle said. “Your house is cozy my man, and this neighbourhood is nice. Well, except for the HOA, but they can kiss my ass”
Steve chuckled at that. “Well, I’m glad the place is treating you right”
“For the most part” she grinned.
“So when do you think you’ll come back?” Riley asked.
“Honestly, I don’t know” Steve said. “I’ve been floating the idea of maybe renting out my house- when you get your own place of course, Michelle- and maybe even selling the place”
“Whoa, selling? Is the carny life really that good?” Sam asked in shock.
“It’s grown on me, and, uh, I may have met someone” he admitted.
“Don’t tell me you’re running away for a boy”
“I’m not- this isn’t running away. I actually like it here, the life really suits me. I’ve done more in these past months than I have in years, and I like it”
“I get that man, but your house? Are you sure?”
Steve shrugged. “Nothing’s set in stone yet, it’s just something I’m thinkin’ about”
“Well give it some more thought. This ain’t exactly a spur-of-the-moment decision, you gotta really be sure”
“Believe it or not, you’re not the first person to tell me that”
“I bet. You know, actually running away with the circus is a thing kids do, right? Not what a grown ass man does”
“Sam”
“I know, I know, you can make your own decisions. I’m just looking out for you is all”
“And I appreciate that, but this is something I’ve seriously considered already. I’m not gonna do anything just yet, but yeah, it’s something I’m looking into”
“Well, on the tail end of that” Michelle said, “We’ve got some news for you too!”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yep” she grinned. “We’re coming down to visit!”
Steve blinked. “Uh, what?”
“Yeah, for the winter break! We weren’t sure exactly when, but figured since you’re gonna be in the warmer states by then, we thought we could come down and see you properly. Make it a vacation”
“You mean you thought we could go down” Sam cut in. “I’m just the poor schmuck you roped into paying for this”
“Come on, don’t tell me you weren’t already thinking of it. You go on vacations all the time”
“Yeah, ones that I- and Riley- come up with. You just walk in here hijacking our plans like the gremlin you are-”
“Oh, I know you didn’t just call me a gremlin you little-”
Steve laughed as the two got into an argument as usual, with Riley wisely keeping out of it. Steve had the good sense not to step in either, sitting back and letting the two duke it out themselves.
As they did though, he had to wonder at how their visit would work. He couldn’t exactly take a week off work, could he? He didn’t really know how the schedule was set when the carnival was stationary.
He could probably swing a couple days though. In all his months working at the carnival, he’d only really taken a few days off in total, so a few more was probably within reason. He’d ask around how it worked though, see if there would be any issue.
“Anyway,” Riley cut in between the bickering siblings, “we wanted to check in with you if that would be alright, and, uh, to know exactly where it is we’re going”
“I mean, sure, you guys are always welcome to my, uh, carnival I guess. Not like I own the place or anything. And hey, I can probably get you guys some discounted tickets to some of the shows”
“The burlesque shows?” Michelle asked, perking up.
“Yeah, those ones. Kinda the main attraction here”
“Ooh, now we’re definitely goin’!”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Since I don’t get a say it seems, I guess we’ll be seein’ you soon”
“Guess so” Steve laughed.
They spent the rest of their talk discussing plans and updating each other of recent events on both their ends. Steve talked about his poster commissions and his recent customers- though kept his burlesque foray out of it, dreading what kind of reaction he’d get from them.
In turn Steve learned Sam was renovating a section of his practice, Riley was up for a promotion, Michelle had found a second job to supplement her income, and little Mona was excelling in kindergarten, whatever that meant.
All the while Steve was making notes in the back of his mind, mostly of things he’d need to ask around about. If he could get time off to spend with his friends, if Bucky could get time off with them, if he could even get burlesque tickets at a discount.
All of these were details he’d have to iron out, but thankfully he had some time to do it.
They continued their chat for a while longer, but it was growing late, and Loki would be back from rehearsals soon.
They bid each other goodnight before Steve ended the call, setting his tablet a side with a sigh.
Well, there was another thing to look forward to when they reached Florida. It was kind of exciting actually, the idea of introducing his old friends to his new ones. And to Bucky too!
So far he’d been fairly light on the information he gave his friends- they didn’t even know his name- but Steve was confident they’d get along great. Bucky had a winning personality and could charm just about anyone when he tried. Granted, that was when he had his professional fortune teller persona on, but even his slightly more reserved self came off as charming in his own way.
Steve smiled, getting up from his bunk so he could change into his bed clothes.
Giving it some thought, Steve found the idea of more than appealing.
  
    Chapter Text
    Two more weeks passed, and they finished off their last show in a town at the edge of the Florida state border before moving inwards.
It was amazing how the carnival went from something grand to middling with half the people gone, and yet, it was exciting all the same.
Steve helped them setup on a boardwalk by the ocean, squeezed in next to a small amusement park and a long series of shops. It was a prime spot for tourists, and while they weren’t allowed to serve alcohol here, the revenue was more than made up for in the increased foot traffic.
“We run burlesque shows every day now, not just on the weekend. We still pull in the biggest crowds on Saturday-Sunday, don’t get me wrong, but since people are down here on vacation, we get a lot of decent traffic on off days too” Bucky explained as he set up his own tent to the side while Steve kept him company.
The layout was similar to the sideshows they usually ran on weekdays, with a long line of carnival games, food stalls, and miscellaneous carnival attractions spread out. The main difference was that right at the center of it all was the big top entrance where the main attraction lay. The rest was just a way to squeeze as much out of the customers as possible before they entered.
Unlike their usual method, Maria let everyone more or less choose where they set up, seeing as most of the people who were staying were the most loyal to the carnival, and they were given some control over how they wanted to present themselves to the public.
This meant that Steve got to set his art station right next to Bucky’s tent, something he was looking forward to doing for the next two months.
And then next to Steve was Clint’s act, a little range set up for him to perform his tricks. Steve was far less nervous about Clint shooting arrows behind his back than the first time, and it was a great way to keep his own customers entertained while he did their portraits.
“And are you out here every day too?” Steve asked.
“I take a day or two off each week, but we all rotate our schedules so it’s never dead. We’re all pretty much full-timing it while we’re here though” Bucky explained.
“Does Maria organize that, or someone else?”
“Yeah, Maria usually makes up the schedule for us, but if you give her a two week notice she can set time aside for you if you want”
Steve worried his lip, thinking on that. “Could we get the same days off together?”
Bucky looked at him with an amused smirk. “Why, got some hot date plans for us?”
“Well, you know how I mentioned my other friends are planning to fly down and visit?”
“Oh yeah, I think I remember you mentioning that” Bucky hummed, getting back to his tent’s setup. “Were you planning on showing me off or something?”
“I, no, nothing like that” Steve stammered. “I just wanted you guys to meet. I’ve met all of your friends, I figured we could do the same with mine”
“Wait, is this like an ‘introducing me to the parents’ kind of situation?” Bucky asked. “Which, I know, not the same, but seeing as neither of us have a readily available family, this is the closest thing, right?”
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. “Sort of? I really just wanted you guys to meet is all”
“So it is introducing me to your parents”
“More like siblings, which, I mean, you already knew Sharon, so we got most of that covered”
“Well, I’ll be sure to make a good impression” Bucky said wryly.
Steve’s smile was strained as he worked out how to bring up the next part.
“Yeah, but see, the thing about that is it’s gonna be my friends Sam and Riley, and then Sam’s sister Michelle, and… and her daughter Mona”
That gave Bucky pause.
“I think she’s maybe four?” Steve went on quickly. “But she’s a real sweetheart, you don’t gotta worry about her much-”
“Steve-”
“-and Michelle will take care of her the whole time, you’d barely have to interact”
“Steve” Bucky said more forcefully, getting Steve to stop rambling. He levelled him with a serious look, giving Steve his full attention. “I’m sure she’s great, and nothing against kids, but you know how the cards are. If something happens around her, if, if god forbid they choose her-”
“But they won’t” Steve said, standing up and stepping closer to Bucky, gently taking his hands. “She won’t even know about the cards, so how can she ask for a reading? Just keep the deck in your pocket and don’t show her. Plus, I’ll talk to her Ma and let her know what’s up so she can steer her kid away from you”
Bucky didn’t look all convinced, but he didn’t immediately shoot down Steve’s idea either.
“I’ll… I’ll think about it” Bucky said, pulling his hands out of Steve’s.
It pulled at Steve’s heart to see Bucky suddenly so morose, the weight of Steve’s ask now hanging over his shoulders, and he wanted nothing more than to relieve the worry he’d wrought.
Steve swallowed, looking around to make sure nobody in the carnival was too close to hear.
“So, uh, there’s another thing I’ve been meaning to tell you”
“Yeah?” Bucky asked, though he didn’t seem so enthused this time around. Hopefully this news would change that.
“Yeah. I, uh, so you know that project I’ve been working on in secret?”
That at least piqued Bucky’s interest as he hesitantly gave Steve a curious look. “The one you’ve been working with the burlesque crew on?”
Steve felt his cheeks heat already, and damn if he was ever going to get over this anytime soon. It didn’t bode well for what he was working so hard on, but there wasn’t much he could do about the involuntary reaction.
“That’s the one. Well, I uh. I’m-” Steve swallowed and wrung his hands nervously, a sudden pit in his stomach.
Why was this so hard?
“You’re…?” Bucky prompted for Steve to go on, his interest winning over his previous gloom and taking a front seat. Bucky was invested now, Steve couldn’t back down.
He took a breath. “I’m performing”
Bucky blinked. “Performing” he said flatly.
“In the burlesque” Steve added, in case that wasn’t clear. “I’m gonna be in one of the acts”
To say Bucky’s eyebrows disappeared into his hairline would be a lie, but they damn near got close.
“You’re… in the burlesque?” Bucky said in disbelief.
“Y-yeah” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck. He could feel the flush travelling down to his chest. “Is it that hard to believe?”
“No, I mean, that’s great, I’m really happy for you, it’s just. Don’t you have really bad stage-fright?” Bucky asked. “You’ve told me before you can hardly look at the crowd from backstage, never mind front and center”
Steve grimaced. It was true that he’d told Bucky that, but, well. Things had changed.
“Yeah, I sorta… got better at that? Helping move the props and stuff, I just kinda got used to being up there. And I know that’s not the same as being on stage, but. It’s something I want to try. It looks fun” Steve said, the end of his words turning shy.
“Aw, no, I didn’t mean to put you down. This is great, really. I just, I’m surprised!” Bucky said, stepping closer and leaning up to wrap his arms over Steve’s shoulders. Steve in turn reached down and held Bucky’s waist in his hands.
“If it’s something you want to try, then I’m all for it” Bucky assured with a beaming smile. “Hell, is that what all those late nights were for? Practicing your set?”
“Yeah, it’s, well, it’s hard to explain, but I’m sorta in a duet kind of deal? Loki worked it all out so I’m not the main attractions, I’m more of a- a dancing partner I guess”
“Oh? Who with?”
“Rose” Steve answered.
“Rose” Bucky repeated, as if tasting the idea. He seemed to mull it over before giving Steve an approving nod. “Rose does some great work”
“You can say that again. I don’t think anybody else would even put up with my two left feet as much as she does”
“Oh, I’m sure plenty of ‘em would put up with a cute guy like you. You’re just a big ol’ sweety” Bucky teased, pinching Steve’s cheek jokingly.
“Aw, shaddup” Steve laughed, feeling lighter. He pulled Bucky close so they pressed against each other in an embrace.
“So what, are you gonna headline act?” Bucky asked after a moment.
Steve shrugged. “Not sure exactly where Natasha’s gonna put us, but yeah, it won’t be a warm-up. Rose is gonna strip down to her pasties”
“And what about you? Any stripping involved. Am I gonna see you in some pasties too?” Bucky asked, looking up and waggling his brow.
Steve flushed once more, looking away shyly. “Not, ah, not exactly. Kinda going the opposite way”
“What’s that mean?”
“You’ll see”
“Oh, you’re damn right I’ll see. I want front row seats mister!”
Steve smiled into Bucky’s hair, squeezing his hips. “You know, I might be able to get you a backstage pass”
“Nuh-uh” Bucky said, shaking his head. “I wanna be in audience cheering you on. No way am I watching from the sideline”
Steve chuckled. “Alright, fair enough”
They held each other wordlessly then, enjoying the feel of being so close.
Steve breathed a calming sigh at finally getting the secret off his chest. He knew Bucky would never mock him for it, and yet he’d been worried about telling Bucky all the same. It was a relief now to have it out in the open- or, open enough. He supposed there were still a few more people to tell beyond Bucky, but those could wait.
For now, this was enough.
Bucky was enough.
  
    Chapter Text
    Steve slowly got accustomed to Florida as they held their spot on the boardwalk all week long. There he saw more customers than usual, his days lasting nine-to-five, after which he’d spend a few hours at the back of the big top practicing his burlesque set with Rose, and sometimes with Loki or Natasha if they had the time.
Similarly, the other performers and workers were pulling long hours too, and Steve understood now why they got a whole two days off in varying shifts.
Before it was just the weekends where they worked so hard, the weekdays were almost reposeful in comparison. Now they were really working full-time.
Steve couldn’t say he disliked it though. He got to people watch all day, sometimes to scrutinizing detail when they stopped at his booth for a drawing. When he didn’t have a customers to draw or paint on, he found himself sketching the ocean view, enjoying the sounds of the waves and seagulls as he slowly tanned despite the tent above giving him shade.
Clint too offered another form of entertainment where Steve got to watch him make all his trick shots. In turn Steve offered Clint entertainment by allowing him to watch Steve draw out portraits.
What had Steve’s attention most of the time, however, was Bucky’s tent. All day he’d watch people come in and out, often happy but a few times put-off.
On those occasions Steve would pop his head in just to check on Bucky, worried a reading had gone wrong, but most times is was just a dissatisfying result. Still, Steve couldn’t help but worry.
Bucky assured him that despite the increased traffic, he actually got less of the harsh reads during his time of the boardwalk. Something about most of the people being tourists rather than locals, and how if a person had the means to visit Florida for the winter, they were less likely to suffer some kind of doom.
That didn’t mean Bucky was free of bad reads though. A few times he’d had to take a break prematurely, running back to his trailer to recuperate and patch up his wrists.
One time it had been someone who was going to develop cancer; another time, someone who’d get into a bad car accident.
The first time Bucky had wrapped his wrist in bandages and then covered them up with long sleeves and bracelets, continuing on his workday like nothing had happened. The second time was worse, and he’d had to take an impromptu day off.
Both times Steve had been there for him, helping to close the tent and patching up his wounds. It was always hard to watch, but Steve was just thankful that Bucky was okay in the end.
Today Steve didn’t have to worry about it though, as it was both their days off. At least, he didn’t have to actively worry about it. There was always a risk that someone would ask for a reading given Bucky’s habit of shuffling his cards out in the open, but today Steve didn’t think that was going to be an issue either.
That was because today was the day Sam, Riley, Michelle and Mona arrived for their visit. He and Bucky had talked more about it, and they’d settled on a plan. Steve would talk to Michelle and have her keep Mona away from him the best she could, and in turn, Bucky would keep his cards tucked away in his pocket.
It helped that he’d done somewhere close to forty readings the day before, and so he wouldn’t have a particularly strong urge to read someone’s fortune for the time being.
So there they were, standing in front of Clint’s as he performed his feat of feet- as in, shooting arrows with his feet- while they waited for Steve’s friends to arrive.
Bucky fidgeted nervously, holding Steve’s hand in a tight grip.
“It’s gonna be fine” Steve assured, bringing their joined hands up to his mouth and kissing the back of Bucky’s hand.
“You say that, but I just, I got a bad feeling”
“She’s a good kid, and there’ll be four other adults watching her. I promise I’ll make sure she doesn’t come to close to you”
“Steve!” a voice yelled from down the boardwalk, and the two of them turned to see their expected guests walking towards them.
It was Sam who’d called him, hailing him with a wave as he walked next to Riley holding hands. Next to them was Michelle, who walked hand-in-hand with her daughter, who happily skipped along with a popsicle in her free hand.
“Hey!” Steve greeted, letting go of Bucky’s hand to go up to his friends and meet them halfway.
“My man” Sam said, letting go of Riley’s hand to give Steve a solid hug, thumping him on the back twice as he did. Steve returned the gesture before turning to Riley and giving him a slightly less intense hug.
“Good to see you” Riley said.
“Good to see you guys too” Steve grinned as he let go, then turned to Michelle.
“Where’s you clown getup?” Michelle teased, pulling Steve into a side hug.
“Well it’s my day off, so I get to dress as a normal person” he joked back, earning a laugh from her.
“And how are you Mona?” Steve asked, looking down at the little girl. “Can I give you a hug?” he asked.
Mona shyly inched closer to her mother, giving a little head shake meaning ‘no’.
“That’s alright lemur” Michelle said before looking up at Steve. “We’re teaching her boundaries, she’s been saying no to a lotta hugs, it ain’t anything against you”
“That’s alright” Steve said, then looked down at Mona. “Thank you for telling me” he said with a gentle smile.
“So, is this your circus?” Sam asked, looking over to the big top entrance that sat nearby.
“Carnival, but yes. Inside is all the burlesque shows, but they have a bunch of free acts happening outside if you wanted to walk along and check them out”
“And you know all these people doin’ the acts?”
“Most of them, yeah. You kinda get close to everyone when you’re on the road and living together”
“I bet”
“And speaking of, there’s someone I want to introduce you guys to” Steve said.
“Is it the boy you’ve been talking about?” Michelle asked coyly.
Steve grinned. “It is. His name’s Bucky”
Sam scrunched up his face. “Bucky? What kind of name is that? Wait, no, it’s a circus name, why did I bother askin’?”
Steve laughed, shaking his head. “It’s a nickname. His name is actually James, but there like twenty James’ in the carnival already so they all go by different nicknames” Steve explained.
“Well, I can’t wait to meet him”
“Yeah, just one thing about that; Michelle, can I talk to you for a second?” Steve asked, indicating for them to step aside.
“Sure” she said, then looked down at Mona. “Stay with Uncle Sam and Riley, okay lemur?”
“Okay” Mona said, letting go of her hand and walking over to take Riley’s hand.
He took Michelle aside, the two of them leaning in close as Steve crossed his arms.
“So there’s this thing about Bucky I gotta warn you about”
“And what’s that?” Michelle asked..
“He can’t be around kids”
Michelle blanched at that, making a face of disgust.
“No, wait, not like that” he quickly amended. “He’s got an anxiety thing, kids freak him out”
“What do you mean an ‘anxiety thing’? She’s a kid, what’s he got to be nervous about?”
“It’s like a phobia” Steve lied, not willing to get into the specifics of the cards. He just barely believed the whole thing, and Bucky had been working hard to get Steve to for months. Michelle wasn’t going to buy that in one conversation.
Michelle frowned, looking past Steve to Mona. “A phobia of kids? And he works for a circus?”
“Carnival, and he makes it work. Hell, the burlesque acts are child free after all”
“Oh, so he’s a dancer?”
“N… no” Steve said hesitantly. “But, he can tell you what he does when you meet him. Just, don’t be surprised when he keeps his distance from Mona”
“Alright, I guess…” Michelle said, not sounding wholly convinced. “She’s been pretty shy lately, so I don’t think she’ll be running up to him or anything- but, really? A kid phobia? And you see a future with this guy?”
“He’s really nice, and he doesn’t hate kids or anything”
“He’s just scared to death of them”
“Yeah”
“Oof, you sure know how to pick ‘em, I’ll tell you that” Michelle said, lightening the mood with her ribbing.
Steve chuckled at that, turning to walk her back.
“What was that all about?” Sam asked once they returned
“Oh nothing. I’m just not allowed to call Steve’s new boy a clown or nothin’. He’s sensitive to that apparently” Michelle said easily, and Steve appreciated her covering for him.
“He’s just over there, next to the archery guy- I can introduce you” Steve said.
He led them all to Clint’s set where Bucky was waiting for them, and while he hid it well, Steve could see the thrum of nerves as Bucky’s eyes fell towards Mona.
“Guys, this is Bucky” Steve said, breaking from the group to stand next to Bucky, putting an arm over his shoulders. “Bucky, these are my friends from back home- Sam, Riley, Michelle, and Mona” he introduced in turn.
“Hey, nice to meet you guys” Bucky said with a tight smile. Steve squeezed his shoulders, silently lending his support.
“Nice to meet you, Bucky” Sam said, reaching out a hand to shake. Bucky took it and they shook, then did the same for Riley. Michelle stayed where she was however, giving Bucky a welcoming smile but no other contact.
“And the guy shooting arrows is Clint; he’s another friend of mine” Steve said, pointing to where Clint was doing a hand-stand and shooting arrows with his feet.
“Come on, let me show you the acts” Steve said, leading them down the sideshow to see the other performances and booths.
“So Bucky, what is it you do here” Riley asked as they walked.
“Oh, I’m a fortune teller” Bucky answered.
“No way, really? You can tell people’s futures? How’s that work?”
“Oh, I read tarot cards. It’s not actually that much work, I just interpret whatever the cards say”
Steve almost jumped in and said he did more than that- that he was an amazing card shuffler too- but then stopped himself. The goal was to not bring attention to the cards around Mona, and it would be better if he didn’t invite any kind of show of Bucky’s skill. For all everyone knew, Bucky didn’t have his cards on his person, and it was best if they left it like that.
They continued down the boardwalk, Steve and Bucky pointing out their friends doing performances or just hosting carnival games or food booths, until they hit the end of the sideshow.
“So,” Steve said, “You guys wanna check out the park?” he asked, in reference to the amusement park that sat right next door to the carnival. From it they could hear the ambient screams of people on roller coasters and other rides over the din of the general crowd.
“Ferris wheel!” Mona exclaimed suddenly, looking giddy and excited.
“That’s right lemur, we can go on the Ferris wheel” Michelle said, looking down fondly at her daughter.
“Well you don’t gotta ask me twice” Sam said with a grin.
“Alright, then let’s go” Steve said.
 

 
The six of them went around the amusement park having a fairly good time in Steve opinion.
Of course Bucky clung to his side, always keeping Steve between him and Mona, though otherwise there was no obvious avoidance shown towards her. Bucky didn’t make a single negative comment, though neither did he go out of his way to interact with her.
Similarly, Michelle kept Mona at a discreet distance from Bucky, not quite shielding her daughter from him but neither sending her in his direction. The arrangement worked out for Bucky, and nobody said anything about it.
They had a pretty good time at the amusement park otherwise, going on the tamer rides and enjoying some of the food vendors.
Steve was surprised to learn Bucky didn’t visit the park much despite spending two months out of the year next door to it.
“I dunno,” Bucky had said, “I just never had that much interest. Sure, a couple of us go every now and then, but it kinda wears off after a while. You spend all day next to the place and kinda tune it out.
“What we usually do is maybe hit a movie theater or art museum,” he went on, “you know, something that isn’t like a carnival”
Steve could kind of understand where he was coming from, how some might get bored with the experience when they lived it day-to-day. Not Steve though, who still marvelled at all the wonders the carnival had to give.
He was just glad Bucky was willing to put up with it enough to have a good time with Steve and his friends.
They stayed until the sun went down, and then a little while longer after that. It wasn’t until Mona started to yawn that Michelle said she’d bow out, leaving them with just Sam and Riley.
“You guys have fun, I’ll take Mona back to the hotel” Michelle said, holding her exhausted daughter up by her hip.
“If you’re sure” Sam said.
“Hey, one of you is taking her tomorrow” she said, “‘Cause there ain’t no way I’m missing the burlesque!” she grinned.
“Well, I did promise you them” Steve said, feeling butterflies in his stomach at his secret.
“Yeah you did!”
They chatted for a few more minutes before Michelle bid them goodnight, taking her and her daughter back for an early night.
“So, where to now?” Riley asked.
“I know a quiet bar we can grab some food at” Bucky offered.
“Yeah, that sounds good” Sam said, and the rest of them agreed.
The four of them made their way out of the park and followed Bucky as he took them down a few alleyways to a little hole in the wall place. Steve recognized a few of the performers from the carnival already seated and enjoying a drink or meal, and had half a memory of being told about this place in passing.
While it wasn’t exactly a hot spot for the carnies, it was a quieter place where they could get away from the crowds. He could see why Bucky hadn’t taken him here earlier though- while not exactly loud, it was still a little crowded, and in general bars weren’t his thing.
They sat down at a table and ordered some food and non-alcoholic drinks, taking the chance to just talk. Steve noted that Bucky seemed far more relaxed, and felt a pang of guilt that he’d made him spend the day with a kid so close to him.
While it was true Bucky didn’t hate kids, Steve understood the pervasive fear he held that the cards would do to them what they did to him. The fact that the cards would be passed on wasn’t something Bucky could control, but he could try his damnedest not to let it ruin the life of an innocent child.
And at the same time, Steve was touched that Bucky would brave Mona’s presence for him. It spoke of how much he cared, and Steve appreciated it.
Here and now though, Bucky could be a bit more relaxed and get to know his friends in a more comfortable setting, without the stress of a child putting a damper on things.
Steve smiled into his drink, chuckling along as Bucky regaled Sam and Riley with a story of his more recent ridiculous customers and their antics.
They really like him, Steve thought as his two friends from back home laughed. It made Steve beam and get a warm feeling in his chest, happy at his friends’ acceptance.
And then Steve thought- I could really have a future with him.
The thought sent a warm pulse through Steve’s entire body, and he looked over at Bucky in affection. He took in Bucky’s liveliness, how he talked with his hands. The beauty of his features, the warmth in his eyes. Steve was struck by it all over again, even stronger than the first time they’d met.
I think I love him, Steve thought.
He looked down into his drink and took a sip to hide the huge grin he made at the thought, feeling giddy and excited.
I love him, he thought again.
Yes, he loved Bucky.
And as he sat next to him, listening to a story he’d heard already but was no less amused by, he thought of how lucky he was to have met him.
  
    Chapter Text
    “So, what did you think?” Steve asked as they made their way to the back of the big top where their trailers lay, on their way home after saying goodbye to Sam and Riley for the night.“Of your friends?”“Yeah”“They’re nice” Bucky said. “They kinda remind me of you”“Oh? How so?”“Well, they seem like homebodies who don’t like leaving their comfort zone”Steve scoffed. “Come on, you can’t say I’m a homebody anymore- I’m a carny now, that’s like the opposite of a homebody”“Well you’re no Michelle, I’ll tell you what” Bucky laughed.“Oh, nobody’s like Michelle. But she’s a package deal with Sam, so, you know”“That’s true- I live with some colourful people, but none quite have that oomph like she does. But the point still stands, Sam and Riley are kinda what you were when you first got here”“How can you tell?”“Eh, just a feeling. They seem pretty chill and laid back, and just, I don’t know, happy with where they are in life. Content”“I guess I used to be content too” Steve said, moving closer to Bucky and putting an arm over his shoulders. “”But now I’m content out here with you, with the carnival, with all of it”“With the burlesque” Bucky said teasingly, poking Steve in the ribs.“And the burlesque” Steve agreed with a laugh.“And don’t think I didn’t notice you kept that little tidbit of information from your friends” Bucky said. “What’s up with that, are you worried about their reaction?”“No, I just…” Steve blew out a breath. “It’s still something new, and to be honest, I’m terrified”Bucky leaned in, pressing against Steve’s side. “Aw, you don’t gotta worry. They seem like good people, I think they’d only tease you a little”“Thanks pal, that really assuring”“You know what I mean. Sure, they’ll be shocked, but I promise they’ll be on your side”“Yeah, well. Thanks for not sayin’ anything about it to them”“Anytime. But really, are you gonna tell them at some point?”“Well, about that” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck, slowing as they reached his trailer first. “Come inside for a minute?” he asked.Bucky gave him a curious look. “Sure”They entered the trailer, and Steve went to his side to grab something from his stuff.He returned to Bucky near the door, handing him the item he held in his hand.Bucky took it and inspected the item, his eyebrows ticking up.“Burlesque tickets?”Steve cleared his throat. “For tomorrow. I also got some for Sam and Michelle- Riley’s gonna be taking Mona for the night”“And what about you?” Bucky asked, flipping the ticket over.“I’m gonna be, uh, otherwise occupied”Bucky looked up in confusion, before a look of realization struck.“You’re performing? Tomorrow?”Steve nodded with a shy grin. “Yeah, gonna put on me and Rose’s act during tomorrow’s showing. I, uh, got you and the others front row seats”“Steve, that’s amazing!” Bucky said in excitement, coming in and giving Steve a hug. “I can’t wait to see- you’re gonna do great!”“I hope so”Bucky pulled back, no less excited in the face of Steve anxiousness. “I know you will, and I’ll be right there cheering you on”“Natasha and Loki both said it’s gonna be a killer act, so, I’m hopeful, but, you know, I’ll still be up on stage, and I don’t wanna choke or nothin’…”“You’ll do great” Bucky assured again, giving Steve a beaming smile. “You always are”Steve felt himself blush at the complement. “Aw, quit it” he demurred.“No, really, you always do great at stuff. Like your face painting, or applying makeup. You never did either of those before, but they just came to you once you started”“That’s different. It’s still art in a way, and I’m already good at that. It was just learning a different style is all. This though, there’s no- well, okay, there is art, but not the graphics kind. I gotta memorize a set and do a dance, and synchronize it with Rose so it looks cohesive and not step on her toes, which I’ve been doing two times outta five during practice-”“Steve, Steve” Bucky interrupted, taking Steve’s head in his hands. “Forget all that- you’ve been practising with Natasha and Loki and Rose. If they all say you’re ready to go on stage, then you’re ready”Steve bit his lip. “But what if I mess it up?”“Then the crowd will cheer anyway. I’ll cheer anyway. We’re all there to have fun, and a little missed choreography will just add some personality to the act- and that’s only if you mess up at all, which you won’t”Bucky leaned in and kissed Steve, who closed his eyes and returned the gesture. He reached out and encircled Bucky’s hips in his hands, pulling him close and deepening the kiss.They made out for a moment, holding each other as they bathed in the warmth of the other before separating with a sigh.“Really, you’re gonna be great” Bucky repeated, letting go of Steve’s head to rest his arms on Steve’s shoulders.Steve gave his hips a squeeze, smiling down at Bucky. “Thanks Buck. I just hope you’re right”“On this, I know I’m right” Bucky said, sounding completely sure of himself.“Well, we’ll just have to see tomorrow”“Yes we will. And speaking of, you wanna tell me what it is you’ll be wearing for the set? Maybe something with laces?” Bucky teased, though the way he was looking up and down Steve’s body in appraisal said he wasn’t completely joking.Steve felt his face and neck flush, thinking back on the outfit they’d selected for the show.“You’ll, uh, just have to wait and see. I can tell you Rose’s though- she’s gonna be in a leopard print set that goes down to her pasties”“Ooh, leopard print. Are you gonna match?”“You’ll have to see”“Aw, you’re killin’ me here. Come on, give me something” Bucky goaded.“Nope, you’ll just have to wait and see”“Aw” Bucky pouted lightly. “Fine, I guess I’ll just wait”“I promise, you’re gonna like it”“Oh, I have no doubt about that either”Steve pecked a kiss on Bucky’s nose, feeling lighter. “Thank you”“Anytime”The two of them separated then, making their way to the door. “So are we still good for tomorrow?” Steve asked.“Yeah, I don’t mind another day with your friends; I like them”“And Mona?”“Well, if it’s anything like today, I think I can manage another. Plus, I won’t really see her much in the evening. What time’s your show anyway?”“Nine o’ clock”“Ah, prime time. Great place for a debut”“Yeah, and it gives me the whole day to worry about it”“Hey, I’ll be there the whole time. And you know, if you change your mind at any point, Natasha can probably figure something out. You wouldn’t be the first one to cancel last-minute”“But there’d be hell to pay if I did”“Oh yeah, she’ll be on you like a hound, but she’ll still figure something out the night of”“I don’t really wanna do that to her though...” Steve said.“Then don’t. I’m just saying, the option is there” Bucky said with a shrug.“Well thanks for pointing it out. Now git before Loki gets back, he hates a crowded trailer”“Sir yes sir” Bucky said jokingly, giving a mock salute.Steve laughed and gently shoved at Bucky’s shoulder on his way out, standing at the door and watching him leave fondly.Once he was out of sight, Steve closed the door and went towards his end of the trailer, pulling out his night clothes.His stomach fluttered with thoughts of tomorrow, both nerves and excitement, mentally going over his set and the dance routine he’d been working so hard to learn.It was shaping up to be a hit, but only the audience’s reaction would tell if was a hit or miss.He only hoped it wouldn’t be a disaster.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky stood outside the big top in anticipation, the din of the passing crowd growing louder as more people stopped to buy tickets and get in line.
The day had been spent similar to yesterday, with the seven of them- Sharon now included- going out so see the local sights and tourist traps. Bucky hadn’t minded so much as he got to spend the day with Steve, though having the little girl around had put a slight damper on things.
All day, all Bucky could think about was reading her fortune, and only because he’d been trying so hard not to think about it; but, you know what they say about trying not to think of a pink elephant.
Anyway, he’d survived, and the girl Mona had left all happy and tuckered out and not at all cursed with his deck of cards, so he’d take that as a win.
Now he stood in line to see the burlesque, something he didn’t have much interest in except Steve was performing, and Bucky was just dying to see it. He shifted in excitement where he stood, trying not to let it show too much to Sam, Michelle who were in line with him.
As far as Steve’s friends knew, he was just working tonight as a stagehand like usual, or at least, that was his excuse for not joining them in the crowd.
Bucky wished he’d told his friends though, because holding this secret in was killing him. He so badly wanted to gossip and speculate at what kind of act Steve would put on, and from the look on Sharon’s face, he could tell she wanted to too.
Finally they opened up the curtain for people to enter, and the four of them made their way in, handing in their front row tickets and making their way towards their seating.
“So is this gonna be like your usual shows on the road, or do you do something special when you’re in Florida?” Michelle asked excitedly.
“Oh, tonight’s gonna be special alright” Bucky said, just barely containing himself. “I don’t wanna give it away, but your gonna get to see some prime acts tonight”
Michelle made a high-pitched noise of excitement, practically vibrating with it.
If only she knew, Bucky thought.
Well, she’d find out soon enough.
Still, even knowing didn’t fully take out the surprise of it all. Bucky still didn’t know what Steve would be doing, nor in what order his act would come on. He could either be first or last or anywhere in between, there was just no way to know. Steve had played it close to the chest, and Bucky would just have to wait and see.
They took their seats at the front, the low murmur of the growing crowd surrounding them. The audience lights were turned on but dim, giving just enough light to navigate by.
The four of them chatted idly while they waited for the rest of the seats to fill, with Sharon telling them her own story’s of the burlesque and giving them a backstage account of the shows.
Bucky listened with half an ear, more focused on the stage and trying to catch a peek of Steve if he happened to poke his head out from the curtain.
He didn’t, of course, but Bucky still kept an eye out.
It was a while before the lights dimmed and the stage lights came on, the curtains opening and a hush falling over the crowd. The MC came on stage and started the spiel for the night, something Bucky had heard enough times and what Sharon had likely heard far too often.
Still, she got a reaction from the crowd, hyping them up for the shows to come and getting everyone cheering.
Bucky and Sharon ended up joining along, lifted by the spirit of the audience, and soon enough they were whooping and hollering along with everyone else as the shows went on.
Admittedly, it had been a while since Bucky saw the burlesque. Sure, on occasion he’d see them practising along with the other carnival performers, but for the most part they kept to their own, and Bucky was usually busy at his tent when a show went on anyway.
It was a treat, then, to get to watch tonight, and he cheered everyone on with gusto, his own excitement growing as the evening went on, on the edge of his seat for when Steve’s act would be announced.
Then, it finally happened.
“And now, give a warm welcome to Miss Rose and Mister Picasso!” the MC announced. Bucky recognized Rose as Steve’s act partner, but he hadn’t realized Steve had picked out the stage name ‘Picasso’. For some reason the name rang a bell…
From behind them was a huge uproar, big enough to make several people turn their heads, Bucky included.
He huffed a laugh when he saw a group of strong and rugged men standing and cheering a few rows back, and suddenly Bucky recalled where he’d heard the name used before.
So he invited H crew too, Bucky thought in amusement, grinning wide as the rowdy bunch eventually sat back down at the insistence of the poor people behind them.
Bucky turned back to the stage and cheered extra loud, eyes up and just as excited to see Steve as the rest of them. He felt Sharon poke him in the shoulder, excitedly saying “This is it!”
The lights dimmed, and another hush went over the crowd in anticipation. Bucky was practically vibrating while watching as the curtains went up to reveal the stage.
Then the spotlights came on.
Bucky blinked, barely registering the sudden cheer from the crowd as the light shined on Steve center stage, standing atop a cushioned platform.
In nothing but a set of panties and stockings.

  

He flinched when suddenly Michelle let out a shrieking scream of excitement.
“OH MY GOD! THAT’S STEVE! MY BOY STEVE!” she yelled out at top volume, just barely overshadowing the rest of the crowd at their back. Bucky also caught the distinct shouts of “Picasso!” and “Woo! Way to go brother!” from H crew, and there were quite a few wolf whistles to go along with the roar of the audience.
Bucky’s senses came back to him then, and he looked back up on the stage rapturously.
There was Steve, in all his glory, chiselled abs and pecs on display under the bright spotlight. He simply stood there as some upbeat music came on, looking almost bored as he brought his arm up to look at the watch on his wrist.
Then from left stage came Rose, fully clothed in a pink pencil skirt and blouse. Behind her came Natasha in a pink wig, pushing along a rack full of clothes.
Rose went up and ‘introduced’ herself to Steve, shaking hands before going to the rack and pulling off a suit jacket.
It was then Bucky realized the shtick of the act- Steve was in to get a tailored suit, and Rose was his tailor, along with Natasha acting as a background assistant.
Bucky laughed and cheered along with everyone else, watching as Rose pulled out a comically large measuring tape- more of a scarf, really- and proceed to ‘measure’ Steve. Which was to say groped at his muscles with the audience’s goading.
Bucky was almost envious of her, feeling up Steve’s biceps and measuring his pecs. Steve for his part played into it, flexing his muscles at just the right time to show them off.
Bucky also noted the grin on his face- it looked like he was having fun! There was still some rosiness to his cheeks that spoke to his inability not to blush in front of a crowd, but otherwise he played the part perfectly.
As Rose dressed him up, her own clothes started to fall off piece by piece.
First her skirt split at the back while Steve pulled on a shirt, to which her solution was to take off her blouse and wrap it around her waist. When that didn’t work, she threw it off, then turned her back to the crowd.
At the same time Steve was pulling on his pants, getting off from the pedestal and coming to stand next to Rose. Then the two of them shimmied their asses as Steve pulled up his pants and Rose pulled down her skirt.
It left Steve fully clothed while Rose was in nothing but a matching thong and a corset, and the crowd was loving it. Bucky was loving it.
They cheered as the two did their dance routine, with Rose eventually losing her corset when Steve ‘accidentally’ pulled at the strings during a lift, leaving her in a strapless bra and thong set.
They danced some more, milking the crowd for all its worth before her bra fell away, leaving her in her pasties. At the same time Steve pulled on the suit jacket, completing his look, then tossing another jacket to Rose for her to cover up in seconds before the lights went out, ending the act.
The roar of the crowd was no different than for any other act, and yet to Bucky it sounded more excited than the others.
Maybe it was just him, but that had been a truly amazing.
Maybe it was just Steve.
Either way, Bucky was clapping along ecstatically with everyone else, along with the cheering and wolf whistling and calls.
“Did you know he’d be doin’ that?” Sam asked from beside him, laughing and clapping.
Bucky nodded. “Yeah, he wanted to surprise you guys”
“Well colour me surprised!” Michelle said. “Who knew our little homebody had it in him! Hoo, and those stockings, I think I need a drink” she said, fanning herself with her hand.
Bucky laughed. “Yeah, he really pulled off the look”
“You can say that again” Sam laughed. “Boy’s got muscles for days”
“You are one lucky man, my friend” Michelle said, motioning to Bucky between laughter and excitement.
“I sure as hell am” he agreed, his cheeks starting to ache with how much he was grinning, and he didn’t care one bit.
Steve had been amazing- there was just no other way to describe it.
 
 
“You were amazing!” was the first thing Bucky said when he met up with Steve afterwards, along with Sam, Michelle and Sharon, the five of them congregating at the back of the big top. He nearly ran into Steve’s arms, laughing as Steve lifted him off his feet and spun them around.
“Understatement of the year” Sharon said as Steve put Bucky down, keeping an arm over Bucky’s shoulder as they faced their respective friends. “You killed it up there, you know that?”
“Girl, you can say that again” Michelle said before giving Steve’s shoulder a light shove, “When’d you become a showman?”
Steve shrugged with an embarrassed grin, rubbing the back of his neck, cheeks flushed. “It’s just something I started exploring”
“That was something man, I wish Riley had been here to see it, you really were amazing” Sam said.
“Aw, thanks guys” Steve said, looking abashed but accepting the compliments in good spirit. “And hey, I’m probably gonna perform again later this week, so if you guys are still around he can check out my second showing”
“Oh, is this gonna be a regular thing? You a burlesque dancer now?”
“Not- well, not full-time. There’s a few of us who do part time acts, keeps the rotation fresh, so I’ll still be doin’ my art for the most part”
“Well, I’m happy for you” Sam said.
“Yeah, if it makes you happy, then it makes us happy” Michelle said.
“As one burlesque actor to another, let me officially welcome you to the biz” Sharon said. “How’d it feel to be up there?”
“Honestly? I was terrified” Steve answered. “But it was also, I don’t know, kinda freeing? All those people having fun, it was just a great time. Though I almost stepped on Roses feet a couple times there”
“Ah, I’m sure she didn’t mind. You two worked great together. All that practice paid off” Sharon said.
The five of them chatted a while longer, more praise getting piled onto an ever more bashful Steve. It was endearing and made Bucky’s heart grow fond. He found himself sneaking glances up at Steve’s face, how animated he was talking with their friends, sharing this special night with them all.
“Well I hate to cut this short, but it’s getting’ late” Sam said, looking down at his watch. “Hell, I’m normally in bed by now”
“Really? My night’s usually only halfway through by now” Steve said.
“What, really?”
“Yup” Bucky said. “We run ‘til at least two in the morning. Gotta catch all those tourists and bar hoppers”
“And on that subject: I should be tucking in too, I got an early shift at the hospital tomorrow” Sharon said.
“Fiiine, I guess we’ll head back to the hotel” Michelle said in a relenting tone. “I should probably get enough sleep to wake with my girl anyway. No offence, but as much as she likes uncle Sammy and Riley, she’s a momma’s girl in the morning”
“We’ve got tomorrow off if you wanna hang out again” Steve offered.
“Sure, we can grab some lunch” Sam said.
The five of them bid each other good night, breaking off and heading their separate ways, leaving just Bucky and Steve together at the back of the big top.
“So what now?” Bucky asked.
“Well, there’s one more late show that I gotta help out with”
“You doing your act again?”
“Oh no, I think once in a night is enough” Steve said, shaking his head. “But they could use me as a stage-hand so I’m gonna head back in a bit. What about you? Gonna call it an early night?”
Bucky shrugged his shoulders. “Eh, I think I’ll run my tent for a few hours, see if I can get any late-night readings in. I haven’t been at my tent for two nights now, and, you know. Cards get needy” he said, pulling out his deck and waving them at Steve.
Steve frowned, glancing briefly at the cards. “Has this been okay? I mean, being with my friends and hiding the cards?”
“It’s only been two days, I think I’ll live” Bucky said. “I just don’t want to push it, so any readings I can get now will help, especially if we’re hanging out with them tomorrow”
“Well, I’d help, but…”
“Yeah. But hey, swing by when you’re done, you can help me close up”
“Sure thing” Steve smiled before leaning down and planting a peck on Bucky’s nose. “I’ll see you later” he said as he stepped away.
“See you later” Bucky said, parting with a wave as he made his way towards his trailer to change into his fortune teller persona.
Bucky smiled as he walked away, a warm feeling at his nose where Steve has kissed him.
I’ll have to pay him back for that later, Bucky thought with a chuckle. Maybe with a kiss on the lips.
Bucky huffed at his own thought, shaking his head. When did he become such a romantic?
Well, when he’d gotten together with Steve.
He could really see a future with him. Maybe a lifetime even.
If he had a lifetime.
A sour note played in Bucky’s chest at that, hand fiddling with the cards in his pocket.
No, he couldn’t let the cards drag him down again. Wouldn’t let them.
He had a good thing going, and he wouldn’t let some vague portent from the cards ruin it; not now, not in this moment.
He was allowed to be happy. Despite all the suffering the cards had wrought, Bucky had clawed his way into something good, and he wouldn’t let go of it now.
Not ever.
At least, not as long as he could help it.
  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky shuffled his card lazily, watching as fewer and fewer people walked by his tent. He’d managed to eke out a couple reads, so that wasn’t so bad, but it didn’t make up for two whole days without a reading.
The itch at the back of his mind that said read their fortune read their fortune read their fortune was a bit worse than usual, but nothing he couldn’t handle. He may have to bow out halfway through tomorrow’s hang, but as it stood, he could tolerate it.
“Knock knock” a voice said from just beyond the tent flap, and Bucky paused his shuffling to smile at the familiar voice.
“Come in” Bucky said.
Steve ducked in with a happy grin on his face, taking the seat opposite from Bucky.
“Welcome to my sanctum of fortune and fate. What answers do you seek?” Bucky asked in an over dramatic voice, overplaying his persona.
“Well, I was hoping you might tell me if there’s a chance of meeting a real cutie this evening” Steve said, leaning forwards with his elbows on the table.
“You know, I think you’re fortune’s just good enough for it to happen” Bucky said coyly.
Steve lost his composure at that and fell into a chuckle, shaking his head. “Alright, alright. So how was your night? Get any customers?”
“I got a couple, and they weren’t too bad. Mostly asked about the future in general, one was a drunk party of girls asking about their love lives”
“Ooh, sounds interesting”
“Hardly. They’re a bunch of hot twenty-somethings, their chances were pretty high as it was”
“Well, I’m just glad they left my hottie alone” Steve said.
“Ugh” Bucky said, making a faux-disgusted face.
“What, too sweet?”
“Just a little”
“Too bad, I stand by what I said”
“I can’t believe I’m dating you” Bucky said, shaking his head and looking down as he shuffled the cards.
“Neither can I” Steve said in a much more wistful tone.

  
    “
  
  
    Hey, gimme a kiss?” 
  
  
    Bucky
  
  
     asked.
  

The smile Steve gave him at the ask was beaming, and he leaned forward to meet halfway, the two of them sharing a kiss.
Bucky put the cards down and brought his hands up to wrap around Steve’s shoulders, deepening the kiss as he opened his mouth.
Steve groaned, and the two of them made out for a solid minute before parting for air.
“I hope you don’t do that with all your customers” Steve teased breathlessly, licking his lips.
“Only the ones I like” Bucky said. He then looked past Steve to the open tent flap, and an idea struck.
“Hey, come around here and sit” Bucky said, getting up from his chair.
Steve gave him a curious look, but complied nonetheless and moved around the table to sit in Bucky’s seat.
While Steve did that, Bucky got up and closed the tent flap, putting up his CLOSED sign. He double-checked to make sure the flap was properly sealed, preventing any curious customers from barging in.
At least, they’d get some warning if someone tried it. A cloth flap was no steel door.
He turned around when he was finished, smiling coyly as he sauntered to where Steve was sitting, keeping eye-contact as he lifted his leg and sat astride on Steve’s lap, wrapping both arms along Steve’s shoulders.
Steve looked up at him with a heated look, before glancing past him to the closed tent flap, trepidation playing on his face.
“Here?”
Bucky shrugged. “There’s hardly anyone out there. Unless you wanted to go back to your trailer?”
“N-no. Loki’s gonna be back soon” Steve swallowed, running his hands up and down Bucky’s side.
“And Clint’s already at mine” Bucky added, reaching up and running his fingers along Steve’s neck, watching his Adam’s apple bob as he swallowed. He leaned in so his lips brushed against Steve’s ear, whispering low. “Unless you don’t wanna…?”
He felt Steve’s hands tighten along his sides, keeping him in place. Bucky smiled and leaned in, sucking on Steve’s neck and enjoying the warmth that spread through him at the ensuing groan.
“Just, um, nothing loud” Steve breathed.
“You kidding? I’m not sharing this with anyone” Bucky said, kissing along Steve’s shoulder and travelling up his neck. “There could be fifty people out there, and they wouldn’t know a thing”
Bucky finished with a final kiss at Steve’s mouth, gently nipping at Steve’s lip.
Steve groaned, moving his hands around to grope Bucky’s ass, pressing them closer. Bucky followed the movement through and ground down, moaning into Steve’s mouth as they made out.
They felt each other up as they kissed, actions turning more and more heated. Bucky only separated to yank off his shawl, the overlarge cloth getting in the way of his movements. There was a light jangle as some of his necklaces fell off with the movement, and then the only sound was the wet slide of their lips and quiet moans, along with the occasional clink of Bucky’s many bracelets.
“Turn around” Steve said suddenly, catching Bucky off-guard.
“What?”
“In my lap, turn around. I wanna treat you right” he breathed, his fingers brushing at the hem of Bucky’s shirt.
The look he gave Bucky was pure lust, eyes lidded and cheeks flush. Bucky let out a hot breath at the sight, following Steve’s direction and turning around, sitting back in Steve’s lap with his legs spread out resting on the outside of Steve’s.
Steve then spread his own legs, pushing Bucky’s further. At the same time he brought his hands around starting high, feeling up Bucky’s pecs before slowly making their way down. Bucky gasped as Steve’s skimmed over his crotch and felt along his thighs, squeezing the meat of them.
“Fuck” Bucky said under his breath, arching in Steve’s lap. He leaned his head back to rest against Steve’s shoulder, closing his eyes and opening his mouth to suck in air.
Steve moaned, kissing Bucky’s neck as he pulled his hands in and slowly undid Bucky’s fly. He reached in slowly, just resting his hand on Bucky’s hard cock for a moment and feeling him.
Bucky gasped again as Steve squeezed his flesh, pulling him out of his pants and starting to jack him off slowly. Bucky reached back and wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck, holding on and spreading himself out for Steve.
Electric pleasure pulsed through Bucky’s body, his groans egging Steve on to quicken his movements, moving faster and faster as he got Bucky off.
Bucky’s breaths came out in pants, the sight of his tent ceiling playing on the background to his pleasure. Steve’s breath panted in his ear, his free hand pinching a nipple and sending further pleasure down Bucky’s chest to his stomach.
“Oh god, I’m close” Bucky husked, mouth agape as he moaned none too quietly.
“Shh” Steve said into his skin, though he sounded just a breathless. Bucky quieted down anyway, not wanting to push anything.
“Come on, let me see you” Steve whispered, his movements gaining speed. Bucky moaned, shifting where he sat and pleasure coiled tight in his stomach, building up until it crested suddenly and he came.
“Oh, oh” Bucky gasped, hands closing into fists as Steve milked him for all he was worth.
“Beautiful” Steve whispered into his ear, hand slowing as Bucky wound down.
He relaxed in Steve’s hold, closing his eyes and breathing deep after his orgasm, humming happily as Steve kept on feeling him up gently, almost like being petted.
Eventually Steve tucked Bucky back in, doing up his fly and topping it off with a kiss to the side of Bucky’s head.
They sat there a moment longer, basking in each other’s presence before Bucky regained his energy and stood, turning to face Steve.
“That,” Bucky said, “was amazing”
Steve’s cheeks and neck were ruddy, and it was no secret his pants were still tented with how his legs were spread out as they were. The sight was too good to ignore, and Bucky bit his bottom lip as he stepped up and knelt down, running his hands from Steve’s knees inwards, stopping high up on his thighs.
Steve swallowed, looking down at him. “I hope you don’t do that with all your customers” he rasped.
That broke through to Bucky, and he burst out in laughter, turning to muffle it into Steve’s leg.
“You asshole” Bucky laughed, lightly smacking his fist against Steve’s leg. “I’m tryin’ to be sexy here”
Steve cleared his throat, smiling bashfully. “Oh, you’re nailing it”
“I was”
“No no, keep going. I’ll be quiet”
“Oh, after that I expect some noise outta you, pal”
Before Steve could answer, however, Bucky had him out of his jeans and was swallowing him down as far as he could take him. Admittedly it had been a while since he’d last done something like this, but he made sure to pace himself as he sucked Steve’s cock.
Steve, for his part, let out a decently loud moan before hastily covering his mouth, making Bucky smile around his cock.
Bucky bobbed his head a few times before just sucking on the tip, tasting Steve’s precome as he leaked into his mouth.
“Oh fuck” Steve muttered behind his hand, the sound muffled.
Sneaking a hand under, Bucky started jacking the portion he couldn’t fit in his mouth.
On either side of his head was Steve’s shaking legs, his breath coming stuttered the longer Bucky worked him over. Steve rand his hand through Bucky’s hair, getting caught on the hanging jewels on his crown before settling to just hold the top of Bucky’s head in support, not pushing but following along with Bucky’s movements.
“Buck, I’m gonna come” Steve warned, breathing fast and fisting his hand in Bucky’s hair.
Bucky hummed to signal he’d heard, continuing his ministration until suddenly Steve went tense, and then his mouth was filled with bitter warmth.
Bucky swallowed it all down greedily, relishing in the harsh gasps the action elicited in Steve. He held Steve in his mouth a moment longer, lightly sucking as Steve slowly softened.
Steve groaned, head falling back as he caught his breath, hand loosening in Bucky’s hair.
Bucky pulled off and tucked Steve back in his pants, resting his head against Steve’s thigh as he relaxed his jaw, looking up fondly.
“So we just did that in your tent” Steve muttered, not looking down.
Bucky huffed. “Not exactly the mile high club or anything”
“Not to be a broken record, but you haven’t done that with anyone else before, have you?”
“What, sex in my tent?”
“Yeah”
“Yeah, no, you’re the first. Though I once jacked off in here”
That got Steve’s attention, looking down at Bucky with a surprised look on his face. “What? No”
“Uh-huh” Bucky nodded. “Slow day- slow week. We were in the ass-end of nowhere, hardly worth the trip. Got bored”
Steve made a face. “Alright, well, uh, glad I could share this with you at least”
Bucky snickered, gently smacking Steve’s leg. “Don’t sound so excited” he said sarcastically, standing up from where he’d been kneeling. He cast a brief glance down at his knees to make sure he hadn’t knelt in his own spent, making a mental note to clean that up tomorrow so he didn’t just have a stain there for the rest of their time in Florida.
Bucky then stretched, hearing his back pop as he did. “Well, I’m beat. Wanna head back to mine and unwind?”
“You mean this wasn’t relaxing enough?”
Bucky shrugged. “Eh, just for an after-show hang. I got some questions about your set”
Steve rubbed the back of his neck, getting up. “I mean, you saw all of it. There’s not much to tell”
“Oh-ho, no. You’re gonna tell me how you chose that set of stockings” he said, walking to the back of the tent to exit.
Steve followed behind, closing the flap behind him. “There’s not much to tell…”
As they made their way to Bucky’s trailer, they chatted some more about the show. On their way they passed a few other performers making their own way back for the night, waving hello and greeting them in passing.
This was a good night, Bucky thought. A fun day spent together, and then a fun night too. What more could Bucky want?
If this was life with Steve, then it didn’t look all too bad.
  
    Chapter Text
    “So how’d you come up with the act anyway? Was it like a collaborative thing or…?” Sam asked.
“Oh, it was mostly my friend Loki- the guy I share a trailer with- and some input from the head of the burlesque, Natasha; and of course Rose had some stuff to add” Steve answered.
“But did you have any input? Like, that opening outfit sure was something”
Bucky snickered as Steve’s cheeks went pink, watching as his boyfriend looked down at his plate of food.
The six of them were out at lunch, with Riley, Michelle and Mona on one side of the booth and Sam, Steve and Bucky on the other. Mona was busy colouring while the adults talked, most of their meals eaten already.
Bucky shifted his foot so his leg pressed up against Steve’s as quiet support, watching as Steve fumbled through his answer. It never ceased to amuse him how flustered and embarrassed Steve got at the smallest of things.
“There was some… discussion, sure, but, uh, I mostly let Rose and the others take the lead”
“Come on, you’re telling me you just went along with everything?” Michelle said.
“Well, there were a few dance moves we had to cut out because I just couldn’t get them- and that opening outfit was a mutual decision, we went through a few options before settling on one”
“Hell of a choice” Michelle laughed, shaking her head and taking another sip of her coffee.
“Yeah, well, they said I looked good in it”
“Oh, you most certainly did. This-” she said, motioning to Steve’s whole body, “is ridiculously pretty. How the hell do you maintain it when you sit around and draw all day?”
“Oh, I just exercise in the morning. Run some laps and lift some weights”
“They got weights here?” Sam asked.
Bucky nodded. “Yeah, we got a strongman act with ‘em, but Dugan let’s Steve borrow them for his exercise. Plus, he’s lifting all sorts of weights when he moves the burlesque props around”
“Sounds like a fun workout gettin’ to be around all those half-dressed ladies and fellas” Michelle said, waggling her eyebrows.
Steve cleared his throat. “You, uh, get used to seeing all that, um, that skin. It’s no different than a co-ed locker room”
“And yet you still don’t look anyone in the eye when you’re back there” Bucky teased.
“Excuse me, I only look people in the eye”
“Oh, what a gentleman” Michelle laughed.
“Yeah yeah, yuck it up” Steve muttered, grabbing his own drink and taking a sip to cover his embarrassment.
“Aw, we only tease ‘cause we love ya” Sam laughed.
“You know, I’m starting to regret missing it now” Riley commented.
“Oh, well, uh, I’m gonna do another showing on Thursday if you’re sticking around until then” Steve said.
“We’re here for another six days, so I think we can swing that”
“Oh, you know I gotta see that again” Michelle said with excitement.
“Guess that means I get some one-on-one time with Mona, ain’t that right?” Sam said.
“Yes!” Mona said, looking up from her colouring book.
Her excitement put a smile on Bucky’s face, and hell, he had to admit the kid had grown on him these last few days. It hadn’t fully negated his anxiety around her, and he still kept a wide berth between them, anxiously touching his cards to make sure they were properly tucked away, but still, she was a cute kid.
He mused how this was probably the most time he’d spent around a kid since he was one himself, and felt a little pride at not having a panic attack every minute he was near her. It was just a shame that the cards posed such a high risk, otherwise he’d admit to having a good time with her around.
The five of them continued to chat while Mona happily doodled away, finishing their meals and drinks as they talked. Bucky found he really liked Steve’s friends, yet noted how different they were from those in the carnival. Their lives were much more sedate and domestic than he was used to.
Is that what a normal life is like? Bucky wondered as Sam talked about some home renovation he and Riley were working on.
As touching as it was, it also gave Bucky a pang of sadness. Here was what his life might have looked like if the cards had never come along. A nice house and a picket fence, and somebody to share it with. Maybe even a kid, though just the thought sent a pulse of fear through Bucky’s nerves.
No, no kids. He just couldn’t risk it.
Well, at least he had something of a home. The trailer was good enough, and he had something close to domesticity with Steve. Plus there was all his friends, and the carnival was it’s own unique experience to live in.
“Okay, not to cut this short or anything, but if we wanna make the ocean boat tour, we better head out soon” Sam said, looking at the time on his phone.
“Oh right, good thinking” Riley said, then raised his arm to call over the server.
They split the bill, and while they waited for the server to return with their cheque, they discussed the upcoming boat tour.
Never had Bucky seen so much of Florida in all his time staying here. Usually him and the others went to two or three places over the their two month stay, the carnival keeping them busy enough as it was, but Bucky didn’t mind playing tourist this year.
Especially when he got to do it with Steve.
He was actually looking forward to the boat tour too. While he got a decent view of the ocean from his tent at the boardwalk, this tour promised a wild dolphin sighting, and that was certainly going to be a unique experience.
Once they were paid and packed up, the six of them made their way out of the restaurant, the couples with linked arms and Michelle and her daughter hand-in-hand.
“Ice cream!” Mona exclaimed suddenly, pointing to and ice cream truck parked a little ways down the street.
“Not right now, we just ate, but how about after the boat?” Michelle said.
“Ice cream after the boat tour? Sounds like a treat!” Sam said, backing up Michelle.
“Yay! Ice cream after boat!” Mona said excitedly, and Bucky couldn’t help but smile as the other adults cheered along with her.
Mona was a cute kid, Bucky couldn’t lie. A bit shy compared to her mother, sure, but cute nonetheless-
Bucky’s thoughts were interrupted as there was a sharp tug at his wrist, the deck yanking his left hand into his pocket to pull out the cards.
“What?” Bucky muttered. The tug wasn’t particularly painful, but why?
The others didn’t notice as they stood on the sidewalk chatting, Steve busy with something Michelle was saying.
An anxious pang went through Bucky- he wasn’t supposed to have the cards out around Mona. What if she saw them, what if she asked about them, what if, what if, what if.
Bucky tried to tuck them back into his pocket hurriedly, but another tug stopped him from doing that, leaving standing there like an idiot with the heck clasped in his free hand.
“Fuck” Bucky said under his breath, the feel of a cold sweat breaking out his skin.
What was this? The cards never just randomly acted out, it was always a reaction to something. To a reading, or to Bucky’s own actions. What the hell was setting them off now?
The screech of tires sounded loud enough to actually pull Bucky’s attention away momentarily, where he saw a car rapidly speeding in their direction, the oncoming headlights eating the distance directly between the vehicle and their group.
It’s gonna hit us, was Bucky’s only thought in the scant few seconds he had.
Bucky didn’t think any further as he let go of Steve’s hand and shoved him aside, the unexpected move catching him so off-guard that Steve went barrelling into Sam, causing the two of them to fall into each other.
Things went blurry as there was a sudden thud!, and for a second Bucky lost his breath as the world violently tumbled around him. His entire left side went numb while the right felt like it had caught fire, and Bucky blinked the red out of his one eye.
What? though in confusion.
A harsh cough spewed from his mouth, and he saw a spray of red fly out as the burning on his right side moved into his chest. Everything seemed to swim in and out of his vision until, like a snowflake, one of his tarot cards fluttered to the ground in front of him.
He honed in on the sight, the card landing face-down to show the horrible red star.
Slowly, his vision stopped spinning and he saw the rest of his cards fluttering down everywhere like confetti. Distantly he heard shouting, but the noise was tinny and weak beyond the sharp ringing in his ears.
Bucky blinked again, his focus shifting beyond the card to a little girl standing a few feet away.
Mona, Bucky’s mind supplied.
She was just standing there alone, looking back at Bucky with wide eyes before her gaze looked up to a single cards that swung in front of her, falling lazily to the ground.
Bucky took another gasping breath, the pain in his chest exploding like starbursts, little knifes stabbing him from every direction. It all took a backseat, however, as he watched Mona bend down and pick up the card.
Bucky’s sight turned into tunnel vision, dread blossoming into reality as he helplessly watched her pick up the card, holding it backwards so she only saw the red star.
Bucky, however, could see what the front held.
To his horror, the sight that greeted him was one of his nightmares, and all the pain in the world couldn’t compare to it.
On it was a little girl, chained below a sky full of red stars.
She had drawn Bucky’s card.
She had drawn the Prisoner for herself.
  
    Chapter Text
    It all happened so fast, Steve could barely keep up.One moment he’d been talking with Michelle, and the next he was shoved forcibly into Sam, the two of them toppling into each other.There was the harsh sound of tires screeching, and the next thing Steve knew there was a loud thud! and then screaming.He pushed up onto his knees to see what the hell had happened, blinking away the harsh sunlight to see.The first thing Steve saw was a red car sitting mere inches from where he’d been standing a moment ago, the front tires on the sidewalk. His eyes traveled up to the window to see the surprising sight of Rumlow in the driver’s seat, his face pale and shocked.More screams pierced Steve’s ears, and he looked over to where Michelle was standing, a crowd starting to grow behind her.He followed their shocked gazes down to the ground where his mind took a stuttered moment to understand what he was seeing.“Oh god” Steve said once he realized the shape on the ground was Bucky.Both he and Sam scrambled up to their feet and hurried to Bucky’s side, Steve standing back feeling helpless and Sam knelt down and started asking Bucky to talk to him.“Come on man, stay with me. Can you stay awake for me?” Sam said, his tone cool and collected as he started feeling Bucky’s body for injuries.“Somebody call 911!” Sam barked out, feeling along Bucky’s side.“Oh god” Steve said again, blinking away unbidden tears as he saw Sam’s hand press against Bucky’s ribs and seeing them shift unnaturally.Bucky blinked lethargically, slowly bringing up a shaking hand and pointing.He moved his lips to say something, and despite the noise of the crowd and Sam vocal assessment, Steve could read his words loud and clear.
  No. Please no.
Steve followed where Bucky was pointing and saw Mona, and thought, she shouldn’t see this.Michelle was too shell shocked to tend to her daughter, the woman frozen along with several other bystanders as they gawked in horror.Steve swallowed, gasping on a sob as he covered his mouth with his hand.
  Oh god.
The car that had run into Bucky suddenly went into reverse, tires screeching again as Rumlow sped away. Anger would’ve gone through Steve at the sight if he weren’t occupied with Bucky and what the hell he was supposed to do.“Hey man, back up, okay? I got this” Sam said, putting a hand on Steve’s knee from where he knelt.Steve nodded numbly, watching as Sam worked. His eyes trailed down to Bucky’s hand, where a familiar thin translucent string led away.Steve followed its path, suddenly noticing all the spread out tarot cards that had fallen to the ground. They’d all landed face-down, painting the cement in a constellation of red stars.The string seemed to catch the light, and Steve followed it through the mess as it suddenly curved upwards to a card Mona was holding.
  The cards find a new Prisoner when the old one is no good anymore.
“No” Steve breathed, realizing what was happening.The cards were jumping ship. Leaving Bucky now that he was too damaged; finding a new host, a younger host, an innocent host.“No” Steve said again with more severity, rushing to Mona’s side without thinking.He knelt down and yanked the card out of her hand, but that wasn’t enough. He could see the cord clear as day wrapping around her tiny wrists, not yet tight.Steve snatched the cords and pulled them off before they did any damage, hissing as a sharp sting hurt his fingers. He looked down to see a droplet of blood well up on his skin as the cord cut him with a paper-thin cut.Steve held on anyway, getting up and stepping away from Mona, holding the errant string in his hands.He now stood between Bucky and Mona, dead center among the cards spread around them.Steve heard sirens approaching, and saw down the street the ambulance that had been called. He looked over to Sam, who had stopped checking Bucky over and was now just kneeling at his side.Sam made the mistake of looking up at Steve and meeting his gaze, and in that one look Steve understood that Bucky wasn’t going to make it.His gaze went down to Bucky, who was wheezing on each breath. He coughed once and sprayed the ground with more droplets of blood. His chest sat misshapen and malformed, ribs crushed from the impact.Steve then looked down at his hands, which held the string of the curse between his fingers. The shine of the cord seemed to pulsate almost impatiently, as if barely tolerating Steve’s intervention.I’m not gonna be able to hold onto these for long, Steve realized.The cards had a mind of their own, and one way or another, they would find a new host. Steve understood now that his hold on them was only temporary, and they’d latch onto him if he didn’t do something soon.Any other time and Steve would’ve gladly taken this bullet for Bucky. All he ever wanted was for Bucky to be happy, and if he could, he would’ve taken the curse of the cards for himself, and yet here he was, caught in the middle.He looked down at the string, feeling anger come in a tsunami of emotion.How dare these cards? How DARE they? Stealing Bucky’s life, making him miserable for years, and the second it was inconvenient, they left him to die?
  No.
No, Steve wouldn’t just sit around and let it happen. The cards owed Bucky; owed him his life and then some. They didn’t get to leave when things got hard.Steve clenched his hands and grit his teeth against the pain as the strings cut deeper into his fingers. He ignored it, moving to kneel down beside Sam.“Hey man, you need to back up and give him some-”“No” Steve said, leaning down and transferring the string the one hand, then gently taking Bucky’s hand in his bleeding one.Bucky looked up hazily, his consciousness quickly fading. “Hold on, okay?” Steve said softly, slipping the loop of the string around Bucky’s wrist, the cord sliding on like a glass slipper.The act pained Steve to his core, but he went on anyway.“You’re gonna be okay Buck” Steve said, pulling the string tight against Bucky’s skin, though he didn’t stop there.With the remaining loose string, Steve took up the slack and wrapped the cord around Bucky’s wrist again.And again.And again.He made several loops before tying the tightest, most difficult knot he knew. After tying all those corsets for the burlesque, he knew how to make a steady knot.He knew damn well how.When he was finished, he wrapped his bleeding hand around Bucky’s wrist, looking down at the thickened strands.“You fix him” Steve hissed angrily. “You fucking fix him, or you can die with him right here”“Steve, the paramedics are here, you gotta let them through” Sam said, putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder. Steve let himself be guided away, giving room for the paramedics to take over.“You fix him” Steve said loudly, angry tears blurring his vision. “You hear me? You fucking FIX HIM!”“They’re gonna do everything they can, man” Sam comforted, pulling him away. “They’re gonna take him to the hospital and do their best”Steve sobbed, wiping the tears from his eyes. He had to look away, unable to bear the sight.“Oh Jesus, your hands” Sam said, suddenly noticing Steve’s bloodied fingers.“I’m fine” Steve warbled out, eyes following as the medics loaded Bucky onto a stretcher and wheeled him to their ambulance.“Like hell you’re fine. Come on, I’ll drive you to the hospital. Riley, you good with Mish?”Steve didn’t hear Riley’s answer, his world falling apart around him.He has to be fine, Steve thought desperately, letting Sam guide him away to his car.
  He has to be.

  
    Chapter Text
    Bucky blinked awake, groaning as a dull pain throbbed from… everywhere.
Fuck, even breathing hurt.
He let out another groan, turning his head and trying to blink the fuzziness out of his eyes.
“Bucky?” Steve asked, his face coming into view as Bucky’s vision cleared.
“What-?” Bucky rasped, his mouth dry and parched.
“Here, they left you some water” Steve said, first lifting the head of the bed so Bucky was sitting up, then leaving Bucky’s field of view before returning with a cup, a little straw poking out from the top. He held it close to Bucky’s face, who gratefully sucked down great mouthfuls of water.
He took a moment to look around the room as he did, first noting it was a hospital room. There was a door to his right, and a privacy curtain pulled to his left hinting to a second occupant he couldn’t see.
“What happened?” he asked once he drank his fill. He looked down at his body, half expecting to see himself in a full-body cast, but he was only greeted with the sight of his outline under the hospital blanket.
“You got hit with a car”
“Oh” Bucky said.
He frowned, then gingerly lifted his left hand from under the blanket. It was wrapped in a cast from the hand to the elbow, aching like the rest of him.
“You’re in the hospital by the way”
“No, yeah, I got that” Bucky said offhandedly, flexing his fingers in the cast.
“Sorry, you just- you were awake a few times already, kept asking where you were. I guess the pain meds are wearing off”
“I was awake before?”
“Yeah, kept coming in and out these past few days”
“Days?” he asked vacantly, his mind stuttering over the word.
“Oh, uh, yeah. It’s been two days since you got hit. It was really touch and go for a while, but they say you’re gonna make a full recovery”
Bucky looked back down, trying to process that. His head was still swimming in what felt like cotton.
There was something nagging Bucky at the back of his mind, but for the life of him he couldn’t quite grasp it.
“Do they know who hit me?” he asked after a moment.
At the question, Steve’s face went dark. “Brock Rumlow” he answered before looking away. “We filed a police report, he’s in custody right now. An officer is gonna wanna talk to you, but at this point they have plenty of witnesses to put him away”
“Huh” Bucky said, then thought about it. He looked back to Steve in confusion. “Why’d he want to hit me?”
“Well, that’s the thing; he wanted to hit me, but you pushed me out of the way before he could”
Bucky blinked. “I did?”
“Yeah”
“Huh”
There was another moment of silence as Bucky looked back at his casted hand, then Steve spoke.
“Thank you, by the way. You saved my life”
Bucky didn’t know what to say to that, so he only grunted in acknowledgement. He moved his right arm from under the cover and inspected it, glad to see it was only slightly bruised but otherwise intact. He shifted a little and then frowned, something digging into the ribs on his right. He dug under the covers again and pulled out the familiar deck of cards.
In that moment he recalled a flash of himself on the ground, the sight of Mona holding the Prisoner card in her hands. The mental image was like a slap to the face.
Bucky gasped and dropped the deck, sudden clarity coming to him as he remembered the horror of it all. He looked to Steve with wide eyes, a sudden pit in his stomach.
“Is Mona…?”
“She’s fine” Steve assured quickly, shifting to the edge of his seat, holding out his hands. “And that’s actually something I have to tell you about…”
“Jesus, your hands” Bucky blurted, noticing them right away. All five of his digits on each hand were wrapped in gauze, the bandaging extending down to his palm.
“They’re fine, it’s just some minor cuts”
“You sure? It looks bad”
“Well, I needed stitches, but the doc says I won’t lose any function, so that’s a good sign”
“How’d it happen? Was it because I pushed you?”
Steve scratched the back of his head, making a face as he tried to find the right words. “See, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about. It’s your cards”
Bucky looked down at the cards, the deck slightly skewed from how he’d dropped them on the sheets. If they were here, then that meant they were still attached to him, but… how?
Had he imagined the whole thing with Mona? Was it just a fevered dream brought on by the sudden trauma of being hit with a car?
“I don’t know if you remember, but they attached themselves to Mona as soon as you got hit” Steve said.
The pit in Bucky’s stomach sank deeper as his fears were confirmed, and yet Bucky couldn’t quite believe what he was hearing. If the cards attached themselves to Mona, how could they be at Bucky’s side?
“No, no, that can’t be right” Bucky said. “They’re- they’re here, aren’t they? I’m not imagining them?”
“Yeah Buck, they’re right here, I see ‘em too” Steve assured. “But out on the street, when you got hit, the cards somehow went flying all around, and Mona picked one up”
“And she drew the Prisoner” Bucky said, his voice sounding hollow to his own ears. Now that it had been confirmed, he couldn’t quite get the image of a little girl chained under a sky full of red stars.
Numbly he flipped the top card from the deck, frowning when it showed a man in the likeness of Bucky chained beneath a night sky.
The odd thing was, the red that once sat in the heavens now littered the ground around the man, like a smattering of fallen stars.
How was this possible?
What the hell happened?
“When it happened, I saw the string again. I saw it wrapping itself around Mona’s wrist” Steve continued. “I knew I had to do something, so I grabbed onto them and pulled them off, and they, uh, they didn’t really like that” he said dryly, holding up his hand and waggling his bandaged fingers.
“Fuck” Bucky said, realizing what the cards had done. Just like how they cut into his wrist, they’d butchered Steve’s fingers.
“It’s not so bad. Like I said, no permanent damage, and anyway,” Steve went on, “I was stuck standing there with your strings, and saw you just laying there all… well, it wasn’t pretty, and I, uh, I thought-”
Here Steve’s voice warbled, and he quickly wiped at his eyes. “I thought you were gonna die. I mean, the cards don’t just leave for nothing, right? And, and I had to do something-”
Steve sniffled, looking away as if unable to meet Bucky’s gaze.
“What did you do?”
“I had to” was all Steve said, hunching over himself and covering his face. “Buck, I’m so sorry, but I had to”
In a much gentler tone, Bucky asked again. “Steve, what did you do?”
Steve wiped at his eyes again as he sat up, finally looking Bucky in the eye, shamefaced and saddened.
“I remembered how the cards always fix what they do to you- the cuts and the bruises, how they go away in a few days instead of a few weeks. I saw you laying there, and I just thought, ‘they have to fix him’, you know? They, they had to, or else that was it, right? If I tied the right knot, one they couldn’t undo, they’d have to do something, right?”
“Steve, what are you saying?”
Steve swallowed. “I tied the string back onto your wrists, except this time I tied them in a knot that won’t come loose. I thought- I thought that if they could fix your wrists, they could fix the rest of you. And they did! Bucky, they kept you alive!”
Bucky blinked, processing what Steve had just said. He looked down at his wrist and saw the faint bruise line that was familiar after a rough reading. Then he looked down at his body and how it ached like one large healing bruise.
“You… reattached the cards to me? Permanently?” Bucky said in a small voice.
“I’m so sorry” Steve cried. “You were dying, and, and I had to do something, and the cards would have ended up on Mona if I didn’t, and-”
Steve rambled on, but Bucky got the gist. Instead of listening, he looked down at the deck of cards, now fastened to him permanently. There would be no other Prisoner, because Steve had tied them in an impossible knot.
It was Bucky and these cards, forever, until he died.

  You will be confined to your fate. 
  You will be bound 
  to your death
  .

Bucky couldn’t help it as he barked out a laugh, covering his eyes with his arm, then promptly groaned in pain as the ensuing movements pulled all his aching muscles and subsequently broken bones- but even that pain wasn’t strong enough to stop his gasping laughs.
“Bucky?” Steve asked.
“You- you- haha!- you mean they’re- snrkt!- they’re stuck with me even after I die?”
Steve had a grim look on him, and really, that wouldn’t do at all.
“No, Steve- this is amazing!” Bucky said, feeling almost dizzy with joy.
Now it was Steve’s turn to look confused. “What?”
“Steve, my biggest fear is that I might pass these on to some kid- now you’re tellin’ me that not only will that not happen, but I won’t even pass it on to anybody? Stevie, that’s the best news I’ve heard since getting these cards”
“You’re not- you’re okay with this?” Steve asked in shock.
“Pal, I’m over the moon!”
“You sure that’s not the painkillers?” Steve asked in an attempt at a joke, though his reddened eyes still spoke to his earlier tears.
Bucky reached out with his casted hand, which Steve gently and awkwardly took. “Really, this is maybe the best thing you could’ve done. Now I don’t have to worry about the cards anymore- I don’t have to be scared I’ll pass them on. If they really are stuck with me, then the curse ends right here. They end with me! Do you get how big a deal that is?”
“I never… huh” Steve said, as if suddenly realizing what Bucky was telling him. “I never thought of it that way. I just, I tied them in the most solid knot I know, and I guess I was all caught up in the fact that I permanently attached them to you”
“And hey, I guess I can’t be killed by cars anymore, so there’s another plus” Bucky added lightheartedly.
“You’re really okay with this?”
Bucky shrugged, then winced at the pain the action caused. “I mean, I already knew the cards would be with me until I died. I accepted that a long time ago. But now that I know I won’t pass them on… pal, there’s no better news you could’a told me”
“I don’t know, maybe there’s still a way we can get rid of them. I mean, if I could tie them onto you, maybe I can untie them-”
“Hey, hey” Bucky said, cutting Steve off. “I’m really okay with this. More than okay”
“Really?”
Bucky smiled, feeling lighter than ever. “Yeah, really”
Steve brought Bucky’s hand up to his mouth and lightly kissed the back of Bucky’s fingers.
“I love you” Steve said, blinking back tears.
Bucky’s smile turned fond. “I love you too”
They shared a meaningful look, Steve gently holding onto Bucky’s hand where the cast would allow.
“Hey Steve, they ran out of chocolate milk but I got us some waters-” Clint said as he stepped into the room, cutting the moment short and suddenly freezing as he saw Bucky awake.
A huge smile crossed Clint’s face then, the water bottles forgotten as he walked up to the bed. “Hey, look who’s awake!” he said, leaning down and giving Bucky the lightest of hugs, forcing Steve to let go of his hand. “It’s the miracle man!” he laughed, letting go with a grin.
“Miracle man?” Bucky asked.
“Hell, you had the doctors going crazy, said it was like you only got hit with a bat instead of a car”
Bucky shot Steve a knowing look as he grinned. “Lucky me”
“You’re telling me. Had just about everyone worried for you, and here you are walking away from a car. Man, I gotta tell everyone you’re awake, you had practically the whole carnival in these halls before the nurses kicked them out”
Bucky scoffed. “Not the whole carnival”
“No really, you had everyone here. There was Scott and Hope and Dugan and Monty, Sharon and Jacques and Jones and Jessica and Tony and Pepper-”
“Alright, alright, I know who everybody is” Bucky laughed, relenting.
Clint pulled out his phone. “I’m gonna text them all that you’re awake, hold on”
“We’re all glad that you pulled through” Steve said, taking back and holding Bucky’s broken hand in his. They shared a fond look, Bucky feeling lighter than he had in years; and maybe that was the drugs, but part of him was sure it was the knowledge that his curse would end with him.
For once in his life, he saw something good in his future.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  6 months later.

 
“This is where you lived?” Bucky asked in wonder, exploring Steve’s house.
“It’s not exactly a mansion. There’s only two bedrooms” Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck as he followed behind Bucky.
“And working plumbing!” Bucky added.
“I mean, that’s most houses”
Bucky turned to Steve with his hands on his hips. “Are you seriously downplaying your house after living in as trailer for a year?”
After Bucky’s stay at the hospital all those months ago, things had more or less returned to normal at the carnival. Steve’s friends hadn’t been able to stay long, but they’d been there to see Bucky get back on his feet before saying their goodbyes and heading back up.
In the meantime, Steve and Bucky returned to their normal routine- or as normal as they could get in those early days. Bucky was forcefully given vacation until he at least healed enough to sit comfortably for a few hours on end, and even then, Nick and Maria fought to give him reduced hours that Bucky didn’t want.
Steve was given similar treatment with his hands still raw, and Bucky couldn’t help but feel worse for Steve given that he didn’t have the advantage of a magic deck of cards healing all his wounds.
Still, things returned to close to normal after a few weeks, the two of them returning to their respective sets of fortune telling and art, with the occasional burlesque act thrown in to mix things up. Bucky attended every showing he could, usually backstage nowadays.
As for the cards…
Well, things really did return to normal. Being attached to Bucky permanently didn’t seem to alter the cards behaviour for the better, though neither did they get worse. On occasion there’d be a bad read like usual, and Bucky would have to retreat to his trailer to patch himself up, sometimes with Sharon’s help and sometimes with Steve’s.
Sometimes on his own too, the habit of hiding his wounds not easily broken, but he and Steve were working on that. Bucky was trying his best, but old habits died hard.
Really, the only outward difference was the Prisoner card’s new appearance. Neither of them fully understood what it meant that all the stars that used to be in the sky were now of the ground, but it was proof enough that something had changed.
Occasionally Steve would catch another glimpse of the strings of Bucky’s curse, noting to Bucky that rather than a single loop around his wrist, there was now a thick cord of several looped strings, all tied together with the same knot Steve had done that fateful day.
Bucky had tried wrapping his head around how that could possibly work, but neither of them fully understood the inner mechanism of the curse.
In other developments, the courts labelled Brock’s actions as attempted vehicular manslaughter, and he’d been sentenced to two years in prison on top of a restraining order from both Steve and Bucky, whom finally caved on putting his name down on an official document.
Things more or less returned to normal after that, with the Hill-Fury Carnivàle finishing it’s stint in Florida uneventfully before starting up its tour all over again.
Now here they were, back in the state of New York visiting the same town where Steve and Bucky had first met, and Steve was taking the opportunity to show Bucky around his house.
Steve shrugged. “It just not that fancy of a house”
“It’s a house, that’s at least ten times fancier than a trailer. You have walls, and plumbing!”
“You really like the plumbing, huh?”
“Everyone likes plumbing” Bucky retorted.
“I can’t argue with that” Steve said, laughing.
“So Michelle is really okay with us taking up the place?”
“I mean, it was mine to begin with- but yeah, her and Mona are just gonna stay with Sam and Riley for the week we’re here, and then she’ll move back in”
“Remind me to thank them”
“Again- it’s my house” Steve said.
“Yeah, but Michelle’s been keeping up the place for a year now, it just feels wrong to be kicking her out for a whole week”
Steve came up behind Bucky and wrapped his arms around him. “Would you rather we stay in our trailer? ‘Cause I can call her and tell them to come back”
And there was another change- he and Steve were now sharing a trailer together, the couple deciding to move in. Admittedly it was a slightly smaller trailer than the ones they shared with Loki and Clint previously, but given their new one only had a single queen-sized mattress that they both slept in, they couldn’t complain.
Still, it was no house.
Bucky scrunched his face. “No” he said immediately, and maybe a little harshly. “I just mean” he backpedalled, “why not take advantage of a house if you’ve got one, right?”
“That’s what I thought” Steve chuckled.
Bucky reached up and took Steve’s hands in his, bringing them to his front and kissing the knuckles. His lips brushed against the heavy scars that sat all along Steve’s fingers, a permanent reminder of the act to save Bucky’s life.
He smiled into Steve skin as he looked further down to his painted nails, which now featured a deep ocean blue. Steve had been experimenting lately, and it never failed to thrill Bucky to see his different coloured nails.
“You think everyone else will be jealous?” Steve asked.
“Of us living in a house for a week? Absolutely” Bucky chuckled, and Steve followed suit.
He’d seen the eyes Sharon had given him as they’d headed out to Steve’s house, and they were looking decidedly green with envy as they bid their goodnights.
“Maybe we could invite them over, have a little gathering” Steve said. “Pick up some takeout, play some board games. Make it a night”
“I like the sound of that” Bucky said, then bit his lip as he thought of how to tell Steve something he’d been thinking on all day.
“Hey, speaking of games…”
“What? There a specific one you had in mind?” Steve asked.
Bucky walked out of Steve’s embrace, moving to the table in the kitchen. He pulled out the deck of cards, setting them down on the surface.
“I was thinking I could… give you a reading?”
He looked back to see the shocked look on Steve’s face.
“Are you- are you sure” he asked hesitantly, coming up beside Bucky and taking his hand.
This was something he’d mentioned before; something they’d discussed on late nights around the fire pit.
Bucky swallowed. “I don’t want to be afraid anymore. I do this with Clint and Sharon all the time, plus like, hundreds of strangers. It’s part of me, and I don’t want it to control me like it did before” Bucky said, then looked Steve in the eyes. “But only if you want to”
Steve squeezed his hand, smiling weakly. “If it’s something you want to try, then I want to try too”
Bucky blew out a breath, letting go of Steve’s hand a taking a seat. “Let’s do this then” he said, then motioned for the seat across from him.
“What, now?”
“No time like the present”
“Okay, well, um. Just, hang on a sec” Steve said, quickly disappearing back into the house. He returned a moment later with a case in hand, and Bucky grimaced at the big red cross on it.
“Really?” Bucky asked.
“Just in case” Steve said, setting the first aid kit to the side before taking a seat, leaning forward of his elbows.
To help with some of his nerves, Bucky picked up the deck and shuffled them in an accordion style, then split the deck into quarters and making a clover with them.
“What should I ask?” Steve asked as Bucky did this.
“Well, don’t just ask about the future in general. Last time that didn’t go so good” Bucky said. “I guess, something small. Clint usually asks what he’ll do tomorrow, or if he’ll get a tip or something”
Steve nodded, then looked to be thinking. “Alright, I think I got it”
Blowing out another calming breath, Bucky put the shuffled deck down, setting it between the two of them on the table.
“So, you know how it goes. Ask your question and touch the top of the deck”
Steve did as he was told, bringing his hand down on the deck. Bucky sat rigid in his chair, waiting for Steve to ask.
“What… will I have for breakfast tomorrow?” he asked.
Bucky flinched at the familiar tug at his wrists, though that was a gross overreaction. The tug was nowhere near hard, and like most of his reads, was more of an impatient pull rather than a violent yank.
“Bucky?” Steve asked, his voice tinged with concern.
“I’m fine, I’m fine. Just, nerves, you know?” he said as he reached out and pulled the first card.
“Right” Steve said, eyes on Bucky intact wrists likely looking for blood.
“I’m fine, really” Bucky assured, setting the card down and looking at it.
Eight of Wands.
“You’ll find yourself in need of a hasty nourishment” Bucky started, then pulled the next card two cards.
Page of Pentacles, reversed; and The Moon, reversed.
“You’ll find yourself in a situation of excess options, and you will need to acquire it subtly to avoid bringing attention to your task”
Steve leaned forward, hesitant yet curiously looking down at the cards as Bucky revealed them. He pulled the next two out, setting them down in the spread.
“That’s the… Emperor, right? And the other one is the… Seven of Cups?” Steve asked.
“The Emperor reversed, but yes. And it means your compassion for others will reflect in your actions”
Bucky then pulled the last card, setting it down with the rest.
The Four of Wands.
“The results of your actions will bring you fulfillment and content”
With the reading done, the two of them sat in silence as they looked at the spread between them. Bucky sighed a breath of relief. That hadn’t been so bad. A pretty plain read to be honest.
“So, I was planning on eating breakfast after my run tomorrow” Steve said after a moment. “And since it’s gonna be early in the morning, I’m gonna be quiet about it so I don’t wake you. I think that’s what the cards were saying, at least”
Bucky nodded, agreeing with Steve’s assessment. “That sounds like a good interpretation”
He looked up then, only to see a look of puzzlement on Steve’s face.
“What?” Bucky asked.
“What happens if tomorrow I don’t do that? Like, I be as loud as possible and wake you on purpose? Won’t that go against the fortune?”
Bucky reached a hand out across the table, and Steve took it automatically. “Stevie, trust me when I say this: it’s best not to think about that kind of stuff. You get all sorts of paradoxes if you put your mind to it long enough”
Steve didn’t look to like that answers all that much, but he let it go without another word.
“Well, that didn’t go as badly as I thought it might” Bucky said, recollecting the cards and putting them back in the deck.
“Yeah, that seemed pretty decent actually. How’s your wrists? Any pain?” Steve asked.
Bucky held his hands up for Steve to check. “Nope, didn’t hurt one bit” he said happily.
Steve smiled in relief, some of the tension he’d been holding leaving his shoulders. “Good, that’s good. Right?”
“Right”
“So, is this something you want to do more often?” Steve asked.
Bucky shrugged. “Maybe every once in a while. Mostly if it’s been slow at the tent then I can go to you and not just Clint or Sharon. Gives me more options, and the wider variety of people I read, the more satisfied the deck is”
“Well, then I’m glad I can help” Steve said with a smile.
“And hey, since we’re talking kinda serious stuff…” Bucky said, reaching for his neck to feel along the little necklace he’d recently started to wear. One with a little silver dolphin pendant.
What with the cards being tied to him permanently and no longer being a threat to others, it had gotten Bucky thinking.
“I was also thinking…” he continued, “I, um. I might call my family”
He saw Steve stiffen with a surprised expression on his face.
“What?”
Bucky shifted in his seat. “Yeah I…. Well, it’s been years, and I’m an adult now, so they can’t exactly send me back to the psych ward. I thought, why not?”
“And how long have you been thinking about this? What brought this on?” Steve asked.
Bucky shrugged. “A few weeks. I wasn’t sure, but since we’re in the state, I thought- I thought maybe I could get in touch with them. Since I can’t pass the cards on to anybody now, I guess there’s really nothing stopping me from connecting again”
Steve squeezed Bucky’s hand where they were still connected across the table. “If that’s what you wanna do, I’ll back you up”
Bucky smiled thankfully, feeling more relief than with the reading. He didn’t know why this topic had him so nervous, but he was glad he had Steve by his side as support.
“Do you wanna talk about it some more? Since we’re talking serious stuff and all” Steve asked.
“What I want is to take a shower” Bucky said, grinning at Steve suddenly, who returned the expression a moment later.
“You jerk” he laughed. “You really like indoor plumbing, huh?”
“Living in a trailer for years” Bucky reminded him. “How do you not get excited for indoor plumbing, huh punk?”
Steve laughed, shaking his head. “Guess I haven’t been a carny long enough”
“Oh, we’ll fix that”
“I bet you will”
The two of them shared a fond look, and Bucky’s heart soared.
Here he was, with the man he loved and a bright future ahead of him. Albeit one with its own troubles, but troubles he could manage all the same.
He’d long ago accepted that he’d be stuck with the cards until he died, but there had always been that fear of passing them on. That fear of ruining another’s life, and possibly a young person like he himself had been at the start.
Without that fear, he actually had a life to look forward to. He could actually walk in the world confident that the suffering he’d endured ended with him and nobody else.
To have Steve by his side just made it all the better. Hell, just having his friend, having the entire carnival, brightened Bucky’s future all the more.
Bucky was happy, and was forever thankful that Steve had come into his life. Without him, who knew how things might have ended up?
Sitting here in Steve’s home away from home, Bucky could imagine their future. The years ahead of them, travelling across the country with their friends, seeing the world together, the cards no longer dictating his life with fear. It was as picture perfect as Bucky could imagine.
And he wouldn’t have it any other way.
  