
    Chapter Text
    Elias blames Gertrude for this situation.Walking far, far away from his kingdom near the woods after almost being killed? It had to be her. She was way too happy about him leaving for a diplomatic trip. Ugh, at least the assailants that destroyed his carriage are now a bunch of brain dead corpses.His patron was very hungry and Elias was nothing but a good servant to his patron or well familiar of sort, he borrowed the power from the creature.albeit most kings and queens had their own magical partnership to help them along these days. Still he had a reputation and mostly tried to convey to the citizens that he was rather harmless.The previous monarchs had been clean of any sort of magical dealing, which probably is why when their son disappeared they felt even more lost since there hadn't been anything to blame it on. The boy had been eight at the time, he remembered because his mother had been rather protective of him after the fact.If the son of the king and queen could vanish in thin air, so could the children of the court. Elias had no idea what happened to the child, he only had a mild worry in case he appeared, since it would put him out of his place as king.The king died a year after his son disappeared, a broken heart they said, the queen lasted longer, even made the festival on the child’s birthday to help him come back. But eventually she got sick, Elias had been a few years older than her son, and was proven to be really smart and capable, so she proclaimed that when she died he would take her place.He was the youngest king ever to assume the throne in his kingdom at 17, but he was good at it. For the next few years he made it prosper. So what if some of the people were somewhat unhappy with him? Elias ensured their safety even if his methods were seen as worrisome.Using his patron to spy on the citizens and making sure to not have an insurrection by constantly monitoring and blackmailing wasn't the worst way to live in his book.There was education for everyone, the taxes were reasonable!They shouldn't be so anxious and worried, good grief.Bunch of peasants.Anyways, as much as he had a very firm connection to his patron, it did not give him the ability to fly and reach home faster.He was almost two weeks away by horse, by foot?God it would be way too long. His only hope would be to reach Annabells kingdom and ask her help to send him back, since it was his destination and it was closer.As cunning and charming as he was, he was unable to obtain allies with the other kingdoms since most of them… disliked him.Except for king Simon who was friendly with most, but was more preoccupied with that dreadful ghost like land. Ugh, just thinking about the fog made him shiver.It was getting late and he could see the sun lowering in the distance, he did not know how far away he was from the next town and it was getting cold quickly. His royal clothes were dirty and scrapped, which annoyed him greatly.Fine, guess he will have to sleep here and keep going in the morning. Fire to keep himself warm and somewhere to be partially hidden would have to do, since the place could have either dangerous animals or more thieves.Neither option was great and he spent already a lot of energy to be able to defend himself, he had his own dagger hidden just in case, but it wouldn't be enough in an emergency.After finding the driest wood he could and finding a small clearing, he managed to make fire after almost 20 minutes, his magic was not the elemental type. He was still cold and miserable, let's not even say how hungry and tired, but he will endure and once he reaches his land again he is getting Gertrude killed, maybe poison or something.Elias couldn't keep his eyes open with how spent he felt, but he needed to make sure nothing would attack during the night. In the end it was a losing battle and he passed out near the fire. He woke up with a shiver and saw the early morning mist, his back ached and with great efforts he got up and stretched. Taking note that everything was fine he started to prepare to leave when he heard a branch break.It could be an animal, then again it could also be someone trying to kill him, the fog did not let him see at all and it made him more anxious.Pretending to be calm, which he did not feel was hard, but he survived meetings with Maxwell despite hating his guts so this was a piece of cake, he started to slowly walk the way he came to where the pathway to the nearest village was.The sound was closer and he made a sprint, unfortunately he ended up tripping with a root he could see due to the bloody fog and he tumbled to the ground.Great, just great.“Bloody hell- why-?”A shadow behind him.Elias turns and grips the hidden dagger.A man, a very tall one is looking at him in bewilderment. Elias has to do a double take, he seems to be around his age, albeit he has a few gray hairs already. He was dressed far better than him, to be going around in the forest at the very least. The man was also really good looking, or at the very least he was his type.Still, they stare at each other.“... Are- are you ok?” He looks pained by asking, but he does it regardless. Elias was still mistrustful, but he was also rather tired of everything.“Does it look like i am?”Silence.The man moves in place and doesn't seem to know what to do with himself, his hands start to play with his coat sleeves.“Well… i guess i'll just- leave you to it then?” The awqkardens was coming in waves, somehow it also relaxed him, because it meant that he clearly wasn't trying to kill him. In fact he looked like he wanted to run off.Which was rude.“Or perhaps you could help me up?” “I would much rather not”Ok, wow, very rude man. He wanted to use his status, but in this case telling him he was a king was not ideal, who knows if he decided to use him to ask for money.“Rude, did no one taught you how to be a gentleman?” That makes him look at him flatly.“Oh I apologize, your highness, sure, let me give you a hand” He grabs his arm in one quick motion and pulls him up as if he weighed nothing. Oh boy.Still, he looks up at him with an angry expression. Elias only reached his nose and that was with his boots.“Some warning?”“Ugh, just leave me alone, i already helped” Trying to shake any dirt he could, albeit it was difficult considering his outfit was already damaged, he huffs and starts walking away.“Fine!”…“The town is the other way round….” He hears him mutter and he has to stop, his cheeks flush in embarrassment, still he replies.“I'm not exactly from here ok? My ride got ambushed and now I'm trying to reach the closest town” Moving exasperated he turns to see the man who is ignoring him in favor of... checking a tree?“What are you doing?”“... You should go” He looks mildly worried.“Why..?”“Just leave please” Crossing his arms he watches him, he looks at him back albeit not his eyes. Narrowing his eyes he sighs.“Could you at least help me reach the town? Otherwise i will stay here to bother you” That makes him pull a face at him.Success.“Insufferable little man” He hears him mumble, but he elects to ignore him “Gods, fine, fine! Lets go”Smiling far more nicely, he asks for his name, that makes him frown.“Peter”“Peter…?”“What is yours then?” “Elias”“Elias what..?” He sees him smirk at him and he bristles.“Touche”Peter walks calmly and quietly, it was very impressive how he barely managed to make a sound, the fog doesn't leave, despite the fact that it was late enough for it to dissipate. The taller man doesn't seem too bothered, so he ignores it as well.Still he is bored and Peter was there..“Sooo, what were you doing walking in the woods at this time of the morning?” His shoulders hunch.“Look, I need to go in the same direction, but could you like not? Talk? I'm a little bit busy” Scowling he follows, oh he is not getting away now, despicable man, he might be handsome, but he is way too annoying.“Oh yeah sure! Its not as if you are the first person who hasn't tried to kill me in two days-”“Still could-” He ignores his mumbling.“So excuse me for wanting to talk with another intelligent being, seems like i was wrong” Peter takes a breath and after 20 seconds replies.“I'm travelling to the nearest coastal town, there! are you happy?” Drily he replies.“Ecstatic” The walk continues in silence while he simmers in anger. The taller one eventually groans.“Fine, why were you attacked?” Elias smiles.“My… servant dislikes me a great deal, I presume she intended to get me killed in a robbery while I went to see some aquiteinances” Peter looks at him in befuddlement.“Ok, why would she hate you so much to want to kill you??” He gives him a look.“It seems she doesn't approve of my way of managing and wants me gone. Unfortunate for her, as i intend to live for as long as i can to spite her” Peter snorts and he can see a small smile that he hides away by turning to the side.“Very nice, you must be a delight” “Oh I assure you, I am, people just dont recognize my greatness. So what if I scare some people to keep everything working perfectly fine? The rest gets to live very well if i say so myself, they are just idiots with little imagination” Peter hums in agreement and he feels mildly vindicated.They keep going, now Elias asks more questions, almost like a game, the man as well asks his own. Neither say specifics about where they came from, but he does find out that Peter’s favourite color is blue and he likes the ocean, which is why he is trying to get to the closest beach town.“Huh, I thought the kingdom of Mooreland had the closest beach, its not that far off” He notices the tension on his shoulders.“Yeah, but the land is cursed, didn't want to risk it”“True, the rumours about the place are not very flattering” Peter peeks at him a little and he notices small freckles on his cheeks. He does have to admit that the paleness on his skin was somewhat eerie, he looked as if had not seen the sun in years. Somehow it made him look good.Fog kept at their feet.“Oh? What do they say about it?” He decided to not look at him and spook him, since he looked nervous.“Mm, something about a fairy cursing the land out of a misdeed committed many, many years ago. That it's very rich, but that it causes people to become rather… bland“ That's a nice way to say, completely numb. “Ah and that the royals only marry spooky rich singles since no other princes or princesses want to marry into their family”Elias despite not liking the place and never wanting to step a foot there, had to admit to wanting to know as much as possible, however the magic fog that covered the land made his patron unable to spy on them and he had no further notice beyond what he could gather of old rumours.“Oh and i think there was something about the royal princesses and prince running away a few years ago, but that's probably just a lie”“Heh, yeah why would you escape your own kingdom?” Peter grins and Elias smiles back,“No idea, i wouldn't”“Only get yourself almost killed by a servant huh?” Elias pushes him playfully in outrage.“Oh shut up” Peter stumbles a little, but looks confused at him, he gives him a smile and a wink and it causes him to sputter while he laughs and walks faster. “Cmon I want to get there before nightfall!”They go and eventually, the fog disappears when they get closer to the village, so that's a relief. Elias did notice that Peter had in fact a bag that he was carrying so he was really just travelling the land to get to the ocean, which was kind of boring honestly.Apparently he wanted to get a boat and just sail away.“Just you?” The man nods.“Its all I ever wanted” He scoffs.“Seems a little boring to me, well, maybe some creature eats you perhaps, there are stories of sirens leading sailors to kill them” Peter despite his morbid comment seems very optimistic.“Oh i can only hope, albeit i don't appreciate dying with someone nearby, so its sort of a shame” God what a weird man.When they reach the town he feels relief, at the very least he has money to buy some better clothes and get a horse to travel to the kingdom of Queen Cane.He hates that place for several reasons, but mainly because the woman’s magic and obsession with spiders sort of frightens him. In fact he honestly would have refused to go, but he was literally summoned there despite his reluctance. Annabelle should not be crossed, neither should her own patron.Elias wouldn't say he was scared, but he definitely was wary, originally he took guards, but since those got killed, he is literally walking into a spider's nest on his own.Huh, maybe it wasn't Gertrude after all trying to kill him. He wouldn't put it past her, but Anabelle is just as likely a suspect.Goodnes, he just wants to go back to his castle and deal with his paperwork and arrange his court to his likening.So submerged in his own musings he doesn't notice Peter stop so he bumps into him.“Ugh what's the problem now?” The man looks nervously at the town and the people milling around as if he has never seen so many people gathered in one place.“Nothing, just not used to so much noise”“What did you live in the forest by yourself? Spawned out of thin air and got raised by fae? Let's go, it's just people, they are all sort of unimportant and live little boring shameful lives. For example…” He looks around and sees a man flirting with a woman. He peeks a little with his magic and knows.“That man over there-?” Peter turns to where he is pointing. “He is flirting with his sister in law, he is worried his wife will find out and get in trouble. So yeah, see? People are simple, just ignore them and lets go get something to take us out of here and be on our separate ways”“How do you know that?”“Mm im a seer of course” It's a little lie, but he won't go deeper in the intricacies of making a pact with a magic creature for power now.The fae or or faerys magic is wild and often if a human makes a pact of sorts with them they can gather powers. Albeit their magic if you offend them is terrifying since its binding and can go on for centuries because their words are law. Of course if you are clever you can outwit them, but you will be on their bad side for the rest of your miserable life and that of your descendants.Curses from faeries are something to be frightened of, because they are unbreakable unless the established bases are met. Changing them slightly? sure, but never breaking them. Only the cursed can do that.“Huh, wouldn't have guessed, with the get up, but you did say you got mugged so..” He gives him a withering glance and huffs offended to go buy something a little more fitting.Peter despite his comment does follow him.“What, can't you go ask for your own stuff? Not so brave now huh?” The man clenches his jaw and looks elsewhere. Elias has no time to deal with the childish mystery of a man, he has to get his supplies for reaching Hilltop Kingdom. After haggling with the woman trying to get better clothes, with subtle words of manipulation he gets his new outfit. It's not fit for a king, but it will do for the rest of the journey.Then comes food and finally a horse. Peter sighs and follows along like a stray puppy that got fed once and doesn't intend to leave.Still the man is good enough to pay for both of their food. He manages a cheerful tone while speaking with the barmaid, but he sees her look slightly dazed afterwards, he pokes around and sees her thinking about how her mother died a few weeks ago and how alone she is now that it's only her.Mm, well maybe it was just grief. Peter doesn't seem to notice anything odd and no one has any more troubles.So its not so bad. No one gives them a second glance despite being foreigners.Peter talked, even if he didn't comment back on anything he said, he seemed pleased to be ignored and liked the sound of his own voice. He found some small tick  the man had that for some reason set him on edge. There wasn't anything… bad, it just made something on him feel on edge.Peter would tilt his head and smile from time to time, but it was odd, there was something wrong with it. His words after a while even started to sound like gibberish if he tuned him out, when he snapped into focus they sounded normal.Maybe it was him, the man did not seem dangerous, more anxious or annoyed. Hell sometimes it looked as if he remembered himself and lowered his voice it looking nervously around, as if he was unsure if he could speak. What an odd, puzzling man. Elias was now curious enough to want to figure out what was up, so he decided to take a small peek.He did not expect to get hit with a wall of magic that left him dizzy. There was no way to access to Peter’s memories because they were locked. The man did not make any signs of noticing his attempt and looked slightly concerned at him.“Are you ok? You look like you got hit by something” Unclenching his jaw he nods.“Just a dizzy spell that's all” He frowns and plays with his fork with an unreadable expression.What the hell was that?? Finally they go for the horses.However luck seemed to finally run dry.Because there was only one left to sell and it looked like Peter had more money than him.Elias made the mental math about his funds and how much he would need for food and lodgings for the remaining trip.There was no way in hell he could make it back to his kingdom with what he had and if he spent it all on the horse to win against Peter he had nothing to live on to the next town.He could always threaten people into giving him money with blackmail, but it would only get him so far.The taller man must have seen his panicked face, because he made a humming noise and asked for the horse.Motherfucker-“So! I want to reach the coast and I don't want to deal with the whole, talking to people in the meantime. You seem very good at it, so why not come along until I reach the place and then i give you the horse for free?” He looks at him in complete astonishment and slight fury.How dare he try and use him-!But, it would come in handy.“What about food or lodgings? I have enough money to make it to my destiny, not to go the opposite way if i have to pay for myself” He looks at him defiantly, but the man looks at him in bafflement.“I will pay for everything, I don't mind, just take care of getting stuff for us and you can keep all your money. Hell if i get my boat you can't keep everything else i have, i won't have a use for it anymore”….Elias has never been so exasperated and confused about a person in his entire life.But the actual idea is not bad, the closest coastal village is in the opposite direction from Annabells kingdom and its almost a week away, but from there it should be around 4 days until he reaches his destination. Its still less than it would take him to go back home. “Say… the place I want to go has a coast perhaps we could go there? Does it make a difference to you?” Peter looks at him in contemplation.“Where exactly are you headed?”“Hilltop Kingdom” The man shudders.“Spider den” So he knows huh? Interesting. “Yes, so, how does it sound?” He makes a funny expression and after a while he sighs.“Fine, fine, its all the same, as long a i reach the ocean in the end”“We have a deal then, if you break it i will make sure you suffer” Peter nods and gives him a cold smile.“Likewise”So it looks like ha finally has his ride.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  They rent a room in town to sleep there for the night and the next day they would be leaving. Since he would already be arriving late, he might as well not worry too much.


  He gets them their own rooms and at night he has nightmares.


  Usually they dont bother him, but he doesn't particularly like the theme of him being eaten by giant spiders. There is just something very off putting for his own tastes.


  When morning comes, he wakes up to the sound of silence. Blinking heavily he looks outside and sees that its cloudy. However its completely quiet. Last night there had been noise in the tavern downstairs, now?


  Now there was nothing.


  When he goes down he sees the people working, but they are very quiet, muffled even. They cracked jokes the day before, but now they were all solemn.


  Peter was of course a bloody anomaly who seemed rather content sitting down and chatting with the barmaid, who looked on the verge of crying. Curious and hungry, but not for food, he sees and knows that the woman has found something in the woods and accidentally brought it back, that it will soon kill her and she doesn't know what to do. That seeing the joyful man makes her think of how scared she is of dying on her own with no one to mourn her.


  It's delightful food for his patron, so he doesnt question what the hell is going on.


  Similar thoughts and memories all run rampant across the place.


  He notices there is fog in the distant forest while they go away.


  They take turns riding the horse. Or ride with the two of them albeit not for way too long, since it would tax the animal way too much with their combined weight.


  Having to grab the man’s waist to hold on seemed to put him on edge and give Elias a nice idea of the other man’s body that made him a little bit unfocused. Honestly he is very busy and has not that much time to appreciate other people’s looks.


  Plus he refuses to marry, no one can match him and the commitment to have someone who would feel entitled to him would be too annoying. Political marriage could be an option, but not one he wishes to pursue in better detail, its sort of a last resort or if he perhaps is desperate for the kingdom's sake.


  Peter was a bastard, but a good looking one at the very least.


  The journey it's not so bad, the further away they go, the clearest the sky becomes at the very least.


  It's still annoying that he has to go through all of this, but it will be worth it in the end, hopefully Anabelle will help, he gets whatever prediction she made, since that is the only reason he figures she would want to see him too badly and he gets to go back home.


  She has the gift of prophecy and will tell you if something of notice will happen.


  They stop to rest and eat.


  “We will have to set camp during the night, next town is a day away” He finds the fact that Peter can be so cheery despite the complete deadpan tone amusing.


  “Mm, figured, well better than sleeping on the grass like the other day”


  “Huh, thought you would complain, you seem like the type” Bristling at the tone he asks.


  “Oh what type do you think?”


  “Mm, rich and with no survival skills?”  Oh he is a survivor alright, he will hurt as many people needed to keep himself alive.


  “Clearly you don't know me at all”


  “And i prefer it like that!” He looks fine, but for a second he swears he made a pained expression.


  “What about you? You have the modals of someone with money, yet you seem to really… know you way around the forest” He wants more info, the fact that he can't read him is making him twitchy.


  “Mm, had money, my godmother looked after me, she taught me how to live in the forest and all that…. I liked the outdoors better, less… expectations”


  Huh, he can relate a little, as king he was needed to be in charge all the time so he had no time to relax. He makes an agreeing sound.


  “I can understand that”

 

  They keep going. It goes like that for the rest of the day, they bantered back and forth, sometimes more vitriolic, sometimes more friendly, but it was sort of nice.


  No one really fought him much back home, Gertrude perhaps, but she was acidic and did not do it as an amusement, more like a battle. Peter was far more annoyed, but he gave back as good as Elias did.


  At night they set camp, they have food from the last town so they eat in peace, he saw from time to time Peter twitching and looking to the woods nearby and narrowing his eyes.


  Its when they are about to go to sleep that they realize that they only had Peter’s sleeping roll.


  “Umm”


  “How did we forget to buy one??”


  The night was chilly, the fire that they made was ok, but Elias would really freeze, or at least get sick.


  “Look you can keep it, i will stay awake and just keep the fire” As much as he wanted to accept and get comfy in the warm cloth, he did not feel it was fair to just make him give him his own bedding.


  “I think we could both fit, tomorrow if we reach town we get a second one, sure. So just for tonight?” Peter hesitates and looks at him worriedly.


  “You won't stab me right?” 


  ….


  “.... Not anymore?” His awkward tone makes the other snort and chuckle, Elias smiles too and ends up laughing as well.


  “You know what? Sure, just for tonight”


  It's uncomfortable at first by a lot, they are both tense and it's really weird, it honestly takes a really long amount of time for him to pass out due to exhaustion. 


  He wakes up with his face under Peter’s chin.


  They are cuddling.


  With his face on fire, he is a king what the hell is he doing, just hugging some random man-?


  He slowly disentangles and gets up. Peter is out like a log and it is tempting to just stab him and take his stuff, very.


  But… he had been entertaining.


  And the trip is long.


  So with a sigh he picks up their stuff, albeit he fusses about the proper way to pack things, since the man looks like he just shoved everything in a hurry. God what a mess.


  Eventually Peter wakes up and looks at him confusedly.


  “Has no one taught you how to properly pack you heathen?” That startles him and makes him scowl.


  They start bickering.

 

  The next village they get another sleeping roll and stay at the inn. Like the time before Peter acted unsure, but if approached by one person he switched into chatty and joyful.


  He could see him strain.


  The other person took it well, but again they became sort of gloomy. He wonders if he has magic and has not realized it, since he really, really seemed oblivious to it.


  There were not separated rooms, but one with two beds. So he took it and told the man who sighted and nodded.


  Elias craved a bath, like the ones he had at home, but he would have to get a regular one, without all the fanfare. If he finds out this whole ordeal was Gertrudes doing he will be very pissed off.


  Peter waits till he is done to go and get his own. Elias, figuring him out by now, tells the barmaids to just leave the warm water and leave.


  Once Peter is back he looks at him and mumbles a thank you.


  “Couldn't hear you what was that dear?” He groans and gives him a look.


  “You are the worst” Elias grins maliciously.


  “You have no idea”


  “I can see why your servant would want you dead now little man”


  “I'm not little, you are abnormally tall Peter, there is a difference. Are all the men in your family like that?” He seemed to be caught off guard since he replied too fast and seemed to catch onto what he was saying and stop.


  “Sort of, albeit Aaron-” He sputters and shuts up. Peter makes an angry expression and turns around to the door.


  “Where are you-”


  “Out for a walk” He slams the door.


  Huh.

 

  Elias eventually goes outside, there isn't much to see, but a walk would do him good. Peter is nowhere to be found, but he does notice there is fog again in the outskirts. He is starting to make a few connections, but still.


  When the man comes back, he has already gone to bed, he only hears him, because the wood groans with his steps. Hearing him take out his boots and shuffle in bed, he waits.


  “Apologies if i had offended you, it was not my intention” Peter remains quiet and he decides to let it be, since it proves to be futile.


  “It was dumb thats all, i dont like my family” He figured.


  “That's ok, i didn't like mine either…. well except for my mother, but she is gone now” His mother died when he turned 24 so it was 4 years ago. Unlike his father, uncles and cousins, she was actually happy for him and did not resent him for his choices to get power. A smart and capable woman who had the misfortune to marry Lord Bouchard.


  It's quiet.


  “Sorry…. goodnight Elias” Blinking profusely he replies.


  “Goodnight” He hasn't thought about his mother in a while, but he felt a wave of sorrow hit him for some reason.


  He dreams of a ticking clock and a spider following him.

 

  During the morning it was more quiet, but not like last time that it was unnerving, the weather even got better. Peter seemed to be in good spirits.


  They continue the journey. 


  They talk again about everything and nothing, for now they are fighting about what cake is best.


  “I insist chocolate is-”


  “Of course the rich boy would say that-” He is considering hitting him.


  “Oh right because apple pie is the height of flavour-!” He was about to yell at him, but Peter stopped the horse and told him to shut up.


  “What why-” He looked around there wasn't anyone, he tried to see if there was someone hidden around, but only animals came to his senses. His magic did not perceibe any threats.


  It did not stop Peter from telling him to get up the horse.


  “What is up with you?” He gives him a look and offers his arm to help. With a sigh he accepts and he easily lifts him. That still gives him a pleasant feeling.


  Peter commands the horse to walk away from the road and the forest nearby. He was about to ask, when the man shook his head and pointed to where they had been. Elias confused looks, but does not see anything.


  “Look if you are going to act weird-”


  “Hush, just wait…” Offended he still does, and he sees a rabbit jump towards where they were, Peter tenses.


  “Its a- its a rabbit, don't tell me you are scared of-”


  A squirrel goes down a tree and runs close to where the rabbit was, and the animal-


  Elias blinks and can't help but open and close his mouth in pure shock.


  The rabbit, or whatever that thing passing as one was, sort of unfurled with hundreds of teeth and ate the squirrel whole.


  It stared at them.


  He ended up clutching Peter’s middle harder, because what the everloving hell was that-?!


  Suddenly fog starts to come from the woods making the creature look back and then at them, it seems to find it a lost cause and it hops back into the forest. His companion moves the horse and they keep going albeit further away.


  “Peter what the hell-?!” He whispers yells at him in case that thing comes back. Elias has a lot of arcane knowledge, but he has never read anything about that kind of creature. His patron seemed excited about the discovery and it was pressing on him to ask Peter who seemed to know.


  Elias was still holding on tight to his middle and he felt him tense, so he slowly let go.


  “It's an- mm how to explain, it's sort of a changeling? But it feasts on flesh, they take the shape of rabbits to make people less wary. 
  
    Mis- 
  
  My godmother taught me about them and how to identify where they are. There were a few signs near the woods, that's why i knew to move”


  He gapes at him.


  “She really must be a remarkable woman”


  He hears him chuckle albeit he sounds a little bitter.


  “Yeah and a liar too. But what else is new? C'mon if there is one, there is likely to be more, we must move a lot” The comment made him pause and wonder about him, but it was clear that Peter would close off if anything relating to his family or previous life was brought up. So he would have to piece something out together before they part ways.

 

  This time they sleep in separate bed rolls at the very least. Still he was a little paranoid about the rabbits, even if Peter said that there were no more signs of them and they walked almost a day away from the sighting.


  Peter groans at his insistence, he is not going to die via fucked up rabbit, he refuses.


  “Look, I will sleep next to the forest line of vision ok? Put your bed nearby and if i get killed during the night you can make your escape!”


  With a pout he does put it next to Peter, with a space in between obviously. The man gives him an amused glance and he looks elsewhere, the indignity has no end.


  Soon he will be sleeping in a castle and would not have to deal with this nightmare anymore.


  Tiredly he falls asleep thinking that. No more monsters, assasination attempts or lonely sailors…


  Oddly enough he dreams about the beach, albeit the spider is now staring at him down from a cliff and he shudders.


  She is hungry, he thinks.

 

  When he wakes up, he has to contain his laughter, Peter for some insane reason has a bunch of squirrels sort of sleeping next to him. And… flowers?


  There are flowers surrounding him. Small forget me not’s.


  When he  wakes the animals move, but had to be shooed away, while the man grumbles and flushes in embarrassment.


  “Not again, i cant believe- why did she have to-” He grumbles and after a while picks up a few of the little flowers.


  Elias laughed at the man trying to valiantly scare away a bunch of squirrels and looked at him in curiosity. He sees him look at the small stem and with a sigh he approaches, he snatches the flowers making him let out a confused sound and proceeds to put them in his vest with a flourish, along with a few in his.


  “There, can we go now?” He gives him an odd look but nods.


  He notices that he doesn't take them off. The rest of the day they go back to bantering. The third one they find a river during the afternoon and a small lake. After Peter turned and watched it endlessly, he assured him that it is unlikely anything bad lives there. It does not make him feel any better, not by any means, but the man seems to follow his own advice and take off his shirt to sort of wash himself a little.


  Elias stares unabashedly at the broad back and feels his face flush. Peter turns and he can fully appreciate the view of the man. Still he stares at his chest and arms, making him have a mild panic because he looked so 
  
    good-
  


  He had some tummy, but it was fitting and his arms were strong.


  Oh my-


  That's when he notices the… tattoos? He hasn't seen him raise his shirt sleeves so he never noticed the shapes inked on his forearms. It looked like… waves? No, not waves it looked more like-


  “Are you going to wash yourself or not? Next village is one more day away, unless you would like to be a sweating mess” That puts him out of his trance and he coughs, but not before giving him a scowl.


  “Oh fuck off-” Peter grins and Elias cant help but smile back even if he hates it.


  With a lot of annoyance he takes most of his clothes off, leaving him in his undergarments. He feels mildy inadequate, his frame looks more… soft, oh he is fir and strong no doubt, but by being a little shorter and having most of his mother’s constitution instead of his father’s or uncles he looks not that threatening. It is perfect if you are in court, where appearances are everything. 


  But he kind of feels a little embarrassed next to Peter, who fits better.


  So he looks kind of ridiculous shirtless, at least to him.


  Peter doesn't seem to really care, he gives him a look and proceeds to go walk elsewhere in a hurry. Puzzling indeed.


  He does clean himself as best as he can, he was honestly feeling really dirty by now, walking under the sun was not his idea of fun, worst part was that it brought out his freckles and he hated them. Ugh, why did he have to look so much like mother? He only got his fathers eyes! It caused at first, when he became king, for several people to give him awful nicknames behind his back, fortunately the more he grew and the more he had power and information on everyone that stopped. But still. He worked hard to have a good image.


  His companion eventually comes back and after messing around a little ends up splashing him.


  “Ups!” He curses him and with a wave of pettiness reciprocates.


  That leads to a water battle that leaves both of them tired and soaking wet.


  “I hate you” Peter snorts and laughs.


  “Likewise” He sees the tattoos from up close and it's like he thought they are waves of mist, what a weird thing. Elias is now lying on the grass catching his breath and he-


  Had fun.


  How… odd. He is so busy he doesn't remember the last time he did something just… for the fun of it. Hell even before he was king he wasn't inclined to do that kind of thing, at his 17 he was more concerned about gaining a place in the world.


  Peter looks at him from time to time and just stares at the sky. He doesn't imagine him doing this with anyone, the weird loner that he is.


  After a while of them just resting while their horse ate, he feels a gust of wind that makes him shiver so he goes up to look for the spare outfit he had. The other was put to wash and hanged near the campfire they made once it became obvious they weren't leaving.


  His taller companion doesn't seem to be bothered by the cold, if his sprawled body indicates.


  “You are going to get sick like that and die” Peter makes an affirmative noise.


  “Wouldn't be the worst way to go” He gives him a look.


  “Cmon big boy time to put on some dry clothes, you are still paying for everything” That makes him let out a huff of a laugh.


  “You gold digger” His lips twitch.


  “Oh trust me you dont fit my bill, i'm far more expensive than you think” Peter groans, and isn't that a nice sound-


  And rolls his eyes.


  “I don't know, you would be surprised” Giving him a nasty expression he throws spare clothes to his face.


  “Dress up!”


  “Yes sir”


  “Fucker” He shuts his mouth close and looks scandalized, he is not prone to curse that badly, he has an image and-


  “Whiny bastard” And he deserves every last piece of his mind, this man!

 

  Three more days and they will reach their destination.


  Good.


  They get to a new village, this one bigger than the last two since it is closer to the kingdom.


  Again they share the room, he gets two separated beds and they enjoy their stay there.


  When he wakes up, he finds a small chocolate cake slice waiting for him with no Peter in sigh.


  Oh, thats.. that's actually really nice of him.


  He ate it and it was delicious.


  They regroup and start the last part of their journey.  The first two days it was all fun, like before, the last one he remained more quiet, Peter actually noticed his more subdued mood and asked if he was alright.


  “Im perfect thank you, didn't know you cared dear” He sees his ear flush at the endearment out of embarrassment.


  “See if i ask again you smug bastard”


  “Prick” He huffs a laugh and he feels sort of melancholic a little.


  He sighs, they are riding together for now, Peter has resigned himself to him grabbing his middle to not fall down, he is not as tense as he was the first time at the very least.


  It's been a week, sure, but he has more fun with him than in the past 12 years.


  Honestly he thinks that he might miss the weird man once they go their ways. He could definitely amuse him and it would be fun to have someone around who would banter with him and call him out, but did not want him dead for real.


  Elias tries to think if he could perhaps convince him to stay or tag along, maybe offer him a job in court to get everyone off his back if they questions why is he there, then again, by proxy of bringing some foreigner and giving him a position of power to keep him near him, they would get the wrong assumption and assume he must be some lover.


  He blushes, he is attractive, yes, but he likes his company, despite the odd occurrence.


  “Say, are you sure you just want to sail away on your own?” It makes him let out a confused sound.


  “Of course, nothing more free than that, why do you ask?” He presses his face against his back.


  “Nothing in particular, still think it would be boring”


  “Mm, it would be peaceful, that's all I'm looking for, just me, the ocean and not a single person bothering me again” He frowns. 


  “Good thing you are dropping me then” Peter remains quiet and Elias realizes he might have been a little over his head. The man suddenly starts to cough a little, he pays him no mind.


  He is an Idiot.


  It had just been temporary, he apparently had been starved for an actual person to talk with in equal ground without having to be constantly on the defensive or deceiving them.


  After a while he hears him cough, but he is far more focused on getting away now to care.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Finally they arrive almost at nighttime to Hilltop Kingdom.


  He won't be received at this hour and Peter won't be able to buy a boat so they reckon it would be better to spend one last night together. This inn did have separeted rooms so they slept on their own. 


  …


  Somehow he missed the sound of the other breathing nearby.

 

  Morning came and Elias decided to first help Peter get his boat and then go to the castle, per their arrangement. Despite his general attitude he was a man of his word.


  The place had a lot of ships and fishermen around, albeit Elias did notice how they all sort of moved oddly. Almost as if they were following a script, he noticed it in all the people around, when Peter accidentally knocked into a man, the sailor sort of froze and it took him a little to answer.


  “No offense, but this place is really creeping me out” Elias had to agree.


  “Likewise”


  “What are you supposed to do here again?” He gives a look to the people while Peter looks at the different ships for sale.


  “I'm supposed to be meeting the queen, told you I'm a seer, she requested my presence” His companion gives him a look and keeps giving the people around odd looks.


  “Yeah, say i think this one is good, do you mind helping me check if everything is ok inside?” Elias looks at Peter and he sees him clench his jaw.


  He nods.


  “Sure, but make it fast, i don't have all day long”


  They get in and the moment Peter closes the door to the small cabin he turns around to him.


  “We should get out of here” The we gives him a pleasant feeling, but he shakes his head and grimaces.


  “You can't deny an invitation from Anabelle, it doesn't end well for anyone involved, trust me i know, i wouldn't have come here if i could avoid it” The man paces nervously.


  “There is something really off with the people Elias” He knows.


  He has an idea of what it is, but to even contemplate it…


  “Anabelle is said to have magic and a deal with a magic creature, the mother of puppets. That they act like that…” He gives him a look.


  “You do realize she might want to turn you into one right? That perhaps that's the idea? Look all i'm saying is i can buy this and we can go, hell if you want i can give you another ride to your kingdom it would be faster than going by horse” And goodness it is tempting, hell it would even give him enough time to persuade him to stay. His land has a small beach close by, maybe he can just stick around and they could just talk from time to time.


  He shakes that thought out, its sort of pathetic of him, still he remembers his little talk.


  “I thought you said you would like to be “alone” at sea if I recall” He is still miffed about it.


  Peter gives him a look of contempt.


  “If you are going to be stubborn-”


  “Me? I think you are the confused one here, we had a deal, it's over now, I'm sure I can arrange other means of travel afterwards. Do as you please or whatever. Enjoy your solitude Peter” He walks outside and starts going to where the castle is, what a pig headed bastard.

 

  The moment he approaches the palace the guards let him in with no questions, despite his not so regal looks.


  He is accompanied to the main room where the woman is sat looking very amused at him.


  “My Queen, it is a pleasure to see you” He bows lightly and uses his most flattering tone, she looks him up and down with a calculating gaze.


  “Likewise Elias, i'm glad you made it here, seems like you had quite the trip. I will provide you with some clothes to change later” He nods.


  “Thank you, albeit i assume there was a reason for your very… insistent summoning, so perhaps we should discuss it-” She gets up and walks around him.


  “There is, however, I think it would be better to have it while we dine don't you think? Escort him to his room, we shall talk at night” After that a guard who looked at him blankly took him out, he could see her sauntering back to her throne.


  The paintings in the hallways all had spiderwebs in them, but he could never see the spiders. He does not like this place at all.


  Clothes and a maid directing him to the bathroom are what await him. The place has a big pool of hot water and he gets to at the very least relax and clean himself up finally from all the sweat and grime of the trip. God he missed this, those who are travellers, hunters or heroes really are something to deal with that on the long run.


  Still even so, he doesn't fully relax, he uses his magic to check around to try and see if there is something unusual or dangerous, but most people’s thoughts are.. scripted somehow, it makes it hard to really tell what they are up to.


  It gives him a mild migraine so he stops.


  Elias should reserve his magic in case of a real emergency, he wouldn't want to be caught even more defenseless.


  He muses that at the very least it would have been better if Peter was around to keep him company, or hell maybe use him as a human shield if push came to shove, he was big enough and clearly had some strength if he could lift him up so easily.


  Tiredly he pushes that away, no reason to lament, Elias has better things to do, a spider to appease and a kingdom to rule. He will make it all perfect, there is no other way around it.


  He strives for perfection and nothing else.

 

  The dinner room was empty except for the two of them and the maids that would present the food and drinks. A small table unlike the bigger ones used for grander reunions since it was just them.


  Telling her of his trip, while shrugging off her questions about Peter.


  That at least he owes him, no one should be under this woman’s radar and despite his thoughts on the man, he does deserve to go in peace.


  So he just comments on the man as a stepping stone to get here.


  “It went well for you at the very least it seems”


  “Yes, it did, I got to this lovely meeting in one piece and he can get away in his little boat to probably be eaten by a siren or kraken, who knows” Her head tilts to the side a little. Elias drinks some wine, despite its strong taste. He checked to see if there was anything in it suspicious, but he couldn't really get a grasp of the maids line of thought, whatever Anabelle did to the people here it left them empty headed.


  “Or one of Simon’s pets just sinks him, you know how he loves his sea serpents” Ah that, Simon’s kingdom was a whole other thing, the floating city on top of the island in the middle of the ocean. The entire surrounding zone was infested with gigantic sea creatures that for some unbelievable reason only attack those who are outsiders. They keep the people safe instead.


  There is a reason why absolutely no one has tried to invade, conquer or attack him, its virtually impossible.


  That plus the man was 500 years old and knew how to reign.


  He had his own dealings with the supernatural it seemed, but no one knew what exactly was it. He speculated that it must be something similar to his situation, but Gertrude did theorize that it could also just as well be one of 
  
    those fairies 
  
  involved. Whatever it is, he is not fully aware of it and the man never told him despite trying to get him to talk.


  “One can only hope” She smiles at him and he sees some small fangs poking out, he drinks and discreetly ignores it.


  “So, I assume you must be curious about this meeting?” He gives her a look.


  “Obviously your message did not specify much” She snaps her fingers and a maid comes quietly and offers a scrolled paper.


  “The short answer is i had a vision, or well the mother let me see how the threads of the land will move in a rather big scale, i was hoping i could get you here and let you know before it, however it seems it has already begun. So i might as well offer what i know” He tenses at that. She opens the scroll and looks at it.


  “What does the prophecy say?” Anabelle doesn't lift her eyes.


  “The land has begun to move, the lost prince will set the game in motion and cause several kingdoms to change. The threads are loose and in the middle of it, it's the king of the land of Opperior. All of them are connected to you, depending on what your choices are, the ending could be for better or for worse, your destinies are tied together” He grips the chair tightly, because that can only mean-


  “The lost prince… the child that was stolen?” She has a serious look.


  “Most likely” 


  ….


  Fuck!


  If the prince comes back- Elias is ruined, because he is by blood the rightful king of the land, he would lose everything to a missing kid who was merely born into royalty and didn't had to work for it!


  All the deals, the sacrifices, the hours he spent making the place even better than before, it would all be for naught.


  Even if he is panicking his face remains in a passive smile that Anabelle reciprocates.


  “Well what are the possible.. endings so to say?” With a final look she recites the last part.


  “I only saw… death or a new start, for who is unclear” He feels his limbs frozen solid, because it could just be him.


  “I see, thank you for telling me this” With a cryptic smile she nods.


  “No problem, however.. how do you intend to resolve the matter with the boy?” 


  “As it would be fit of course” Her face remains impassive while she had gone to pick the tea cup that the servants brought for them.


  “I see, well you should perhaps sleep and think it better, maybe you will be more… illuminated by morning” With a nod he gets up and walks to his room.


  Oh he will be illuminated alright, whoever the prince is, he is going to kill him just like his parents. Both king and queen skin tone were on the darker side, the queen had green eyes, but the king had brown.


  He had been a child when he was taken, how would he look like now? A mix of his parents? A full search would stir questions. He needs spies, to look around and find someone matching the description, who also appears to be adopted or displaced.


  The amount of favours and discretions he would need is already making him dizzy.


  In fact-


  In fact he is feeling really dizzy, huh-?


  He is in his room now, so he stumbles to his bed, maybe he drank too much wine… Dropping into the bed he can't take off his clothes before falling asleep.


  He dreams of being cocooned in spiderwebs.

 

  Waking up startled he is tangled in the sheets, touching his chin he realizes he drooled all over. Ugh, disgusting.


  Changing and making himself more presentable he starts to think on what to do about the little lost prince, but everytime he tries to focus on how to kill him he gets dizzy.


  His patron offers no help whatsoever, so maybe its hunger that's making him so ill, he goes to the dinner room where the queen and her staff is already waiting with breakfast.


  “There you are, i was starting to think i should start without you”


  “Nonsense, i was just more tired than i thought, my apologies for making you wait your highness” With a nod she starts to eat and he follows suit. Conversation goes the usual ways regarding other kingdom’s gossip, how are their own people.


  The tea he drinks tastes… bitter, not his preferred style, but it wouldn't do to complain while he is still here, so while his host speaks he adds more sugar to it.


  He much prefers the coffee that his kingdom makes than this, but concessions must be made.


  “How is Gertrude by the way? I imagine she musnt be happy about the binding” Right, it was foretold that princess Agnes would cause a war so destructive that there wouldn't be anything growing in the land ever again, so a binding to effectively cancel it out was placed.


  Gertrude was resolute, despite not meeting eye to eye, neither would let the kingdom be destroyed for whatever means was possible.


  Sacrifices must be made after all.


  “As cheerful as always, honestly I'm still thinking she might have sent those thugs to kill me” His host lets out an amused breath.


  “Most likely, I heard Agnes has married a baker” He blinks in bafflement.


  “Excuse me?” Agnes the princess of the most desolated and destructive kingdom? Once they conquer a land they burn the old occupants stuff and reclaim it for their own.


  “Yes, she has even started to… well make changes regarding their politics instead of letting the advisers pick. The boy seems nice and also a good influence. General Jude was seething, that's why i asked about Gertrude”


  It… would explain her more prickly mood.


  “Huh”


  “Surprised you didn't hear about it” Waving his hand away he replies.


  “They are the ones that hate me the most, plus i was dealing with the plans for this years ball”


  “Its your turn to host it i see, did the other kingdoms reply yet? Also I thought it was the forest of wonders”


  Ugh Nikola.


  “Don't mention her please and also yes, some of them did. Maxwell for sure, Simon goes wherever there is entertainment, the Lukases are a lost cause, haven't received a reply from Agnes as you know. You?”


  “Mm, you know I can't leave this place much, my people get… rowdy otherwise” More like they start to be aware again, but its not his place to say.


  And so it kept going.


  By the time he left he felt tired, it was interesting to speak with Anabelle, but he had to be in such a high guard that it was taxing. He has a brief image of him bantering with Peter without a care about his position or opinion.


  He finds himself smiling.


  Still when he found out he was a king it would have probably changed. Or maybe not, the man did not seem to care that much about class, more concerned about his solitude.


  Sighing, he goes to the library and reads the morning away. He would stay for a few more days before Annabelle gets him a secure way back. Still he takes advantage and reads all of her magical tomes.


  The rest of the day went in a similar fashion. Lunch, walking around the gardens and reading, dinner and going to sleep, rinse and repeat.


  Everytime he focused on the whole thing with the lost prince his mind would drift away to something else. He feels that he should be more concerned, but it's as if he couldn't bring himself to care.


  The next day goes exactly the same way, but he feels more lightheaded, enough that he couldn't read without feeling nauseous.


  Another day more and the feeling persists, its starting to make him paranoid, enough that he eats and drinks very little. Annabell asks if he wants to drink some medicine, since he looked a little bit green.


  “No need, im sure i will be fine tomorrow” The following day he woke up in a haze, he blinked stupidly and for the life of himself could not focus. He moved jerkily and dressed up in an outfit that had already been laid for him.


  Ha hated the color, but he couldn't make himself change.


  Elias should ask about going back, but he is getting more and more tired, only repeating the motions, even his talks are turning mechanical along with his movements.


  It's on the fifth day that Anabelle asks him if he reconsidered about the missing prince during dinner.


  "Ex-excuse me ?" His mouth feels weird.


  "Yes, it would be… a shame if he died. The lost princeling should be able to go back home don't you think?" His head is cloudy, but it still is not enough to make him want to lose what he worked so hard to obtain, so he soldiers on and forces himself to reply.


  "I think " she looks mildly displeased "I think that it only pertains to my- my kingdom so I will resolve it as I see fit" With a blank expression she grimaces.


  "I was hoping it would be enough to make you reconsider, but the mother is truly wise" Elias feels a spike of terror.


  "I don't like you, but I respect you enough for your craft, I do think you chose the wrong patron, but it's not my word to say, regardless. I suppose it's time you meet Mother, she… well" Her lips turn upwards and her fangs show better in the light "She will make sure you go back and bring the little princeling back, we dont let them escape you see. And after… after you will come back to us and the mother will have you too, maybe you get the chance to bring more of her childrens, who knows? Still two kingdoms for the price of one sounds delightful to me" 


  His mind was in a panic, but at the same time he felt sluggish and he could hardly process what she was saying. If he was in a better state he would realize what she was implying would happen to him, but as it stands he merely has the energy to only feel the terror of it. 


  Elias gets up and tries to leave, however he stumbles around uncoordinated, as if his limbs were not his own.


  "That won't do and we don't want to damage yourself further. We need you in good condition dear, guards? Escort him down to her nest" They grab his arms and drag him. He can't focus enough to get them to freak out, their minds are too empty for him to do anything-


  Time blurs and he is in a clearing in the forest that smells like someone died and he can see at the opposite end of where he is in between gigantic trees a huge, and he means huge giant spider web nest.


  No,nonono. Spiders, smaller ones start to crawl out of it and he can see 4 pairs of red eyes look at him unblinkingly. He hears whispers when he looks down he can barely see that his ankles have thin strands of web.


  He steps forward against his will.


  Oh god.


  He tries to call upon his magic to defend himself. But realize that whatever Anabelle had been doing it had drained him of it and he could not notice. He doesn't want to die or become the host of the small bastards-! He doesn't want to be a puppet in his own story he- 


  A giant leg crawls out of the nest and he almost breaks into tears while his feet drag themselves forward.


  Elias should have listened to Peter.


  The tiny ones start to walk towards him and his breaths come faster, they climb his boots and he wants to struggle. A laugh can be heard, but it doesn't belong to Annabelle who is standing with the guards. It comes from the trees.


  “Hello spiderling” The sound of it feels terrible to him and his mind starts to cloud even more.


  “Don't worry once I'm over and the child is back with us, you can come back to me, I promise it will be nice… i promise that it would feel good”


  Please-

 

  …..


  The small spiders that started to crawl over his legs actually let out a small scream. The Mother hisses and it's such an awful sound that he covers his ears along with the guards holding him in place. 


  Suddenly he realizes that he can 
  
    move his arms
  
  .


  Fog rolls over the ground and the nest trembles, more legs come out quicker.


  Anabelle who was watching everything unfold has a sudden look of startled terror.


  The man behind- 


  He blinks and takes a deep breath, they were thinking about how miserable they were, how long it has been since they saw their families, how lonely and awful it was to live there in terror of Anabelle and this monstrosity that feeds from them and infects the people. Why should they let it rule them-!


  The fog becomes a wall and suddenly he can't see anyone. 


  He hears them alright, but he can't-


  A hand grabs his wrist and he tries to shout, but it covers his mouth and drags him away while still struggling. Elias was still weak and tired and without his full powers he was defenseless and he was going to die and- 


  "Stop screaming and run!" Peter ???


  "Pe-" 


  "Shhhhh" He grabs him and hides them behind a tree. He is pushing him against it while his hand clasps his mouth and he can feel his entire frame cover him like a wall of safety that smells like the ocean for some reason.


  The man is a furnace and it feels great- He had been cold this entire time and never noticed. Elias feels Peter’s breath closer to his face and his cheeks are in flames. Oh my-


  The sound of scuttling legs of course break his little bubble and he remains stiff as a board. Peter's other hand is gripping his waist and he is so lightheaded and fuzzy that it's making him feel weak on the knees. When the movement is closer he presses them even closer as if he could hide him against his frame.He grabs his shirt and presses his face against his chest.


  When the sound goes away slowly he pulls away from him. And grabs his hand to guide him out, he almost face plants, but with shaky legs he manages to follow.


  The whole ordeal is stressful as all hell, and the more he moves the worst he feels as if he wasn't supposed to move. To the point that he feels faint and feverish.


  He thinks he hears yelling in the distance along with the smell of fire, but he can't be sure, by then he is almost dropping to the floor and the taller man finally realizes that there is something wrong with him, because he scoops him up and keeps going. It makes his head spin, but also it floors him how easy it was for him to do it.


  "Just a bit more-" Elias tries but he presses his now burning forehead against his neck and mumbles.


  "Thought you would leave…" 


  "I was, but then the people started to act like people and talked about the awful spider creature and I realized that I was right. So yes Elias, I told you so" He is way too tired to deal with his snark now.


  "Fuck off" Peter actually huffs a laugh.


  "Unbelievable I save you and this is what I get" Finally with his now more delirious mind he mumbles a thanks.


  "You are WELCOME"


  "My hero…" He thinks he sees him look at him concerned, but it could be his imagination, whatever it is, Elias passes out.
  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Unbelievable, he tries to be nice just the once and this is what he gets? 


  Bloody stubborn fool.


  See if he ever attempts to help someone ever again, it was foolish of Peter to even contemplate offering a ride back. Truly idiotic, Elias was a bastard, no doubt about that.


  Peter should have just left him and took the horse, but it was easier to have him deal with the people around. With a sigh he goes to buy the boat and start to get proper supplies. It will take him a few days and he already dreads it, the entire town feels weird. Missy would say there is bad magic around and she is most likely right.


  He can see it on the way the people move like weird puppets, but at the very least its easier to talk with them, since it feels like they have an already prepared set of questions and answers. Meaning they don't try for small talk.


  Thinking about the woman makes him both sour and angry, his godmother, or well in reality babysitter of sorts was far, far away and he had no intention to go back. He doesn't care about her at all, she lied to him.


  Just as he thinks that a coughing fit hits him, his shoulders shake and it takes several minutes for him to stop. When he lifts his shirt sleeves he sees the tattoo has grown a little and it fills him with dread. He has to hurry and get the boat so he can stay at sea in peace.


  He wants to live his life as he wants, away from his mother and uncle's influence, away from Missy and Simon.


  His siblings…. They made their choice and forced him to be in the position he was now in the first place, so they can go to hell for all he cares. He coughs again and he sees little wisps of fog come out of his mouth. Peter is better off alone, it's all he has ever known, and everyone made it clear that its exactly what he needed.


  Buying stuff and pretending his life is not a pile of trash on fire is better than thinking about the man that stormed off and left for the castle that feels intensely wrong. He would know about cursed land and magic better than most after all.

 

  Elias was a surprise, Peter was just camping while trying to get as far away from Mooreland without being detected, it had been almost a month and sleeping in the forest was his best option still. 


  No doubt mother already sent people to fetch him. 


  Finding a man in the forest looking haggard and lost wasn't what he expected. In fact he wanted nothing more than to just leave without him, he did briefly consider if he was perhaps playing dumb and maybe was sent by his mother to find him, but it was quickly dissmised.


  Going together was unusual, most people seem to be affected by the fog while being near him, making them act much more subdued or numb. 


  Elias?


  Elias was fiery and fiesty, he could tell he was trying to put on an air of refinement and class, but that it was also obvious that Peter got on his nerves enough to pull out his facade and reveal a magnificent bastard. 


  It amused him.


  He was not used to it, at home he only spoke with his family and barely so, there weren't any children around, except his siblings and they… well Peter was rather closed off and they eventually gave up on him. So he was only ever used to having Missy or Simon, whenever he dropped by to visit the land, be nice to him.


  It was fun to push the shorter man's buttons, Simon would probably say something about pulling his pigtails to call for his attention, but the older man was wrong. 


  What Peter felt was curiosity, something that he indulged rarely. Preferring to keep to himself or even if he did want to know, not acknowledge it since it would mean asking for help. 


  This man however was a walking contradiction that annoyed him greatly but piqued his interest endlessly, he was high society he could tell that much, but he was also so… wild in a way that it made him feel delighted. Only with him at the very least, while talking with people he had a commanding and condescending air that got on his nerves, but that ultimately made people around listen to him and do as he said without that many questions, leaving Peter to merely observe and enjoy the whole ordeal. 


  He was a conniving and scheming little thing it seemed, but also could actually make him laugh. He honestly doesn't remember the last time he did, maybe he never had. Small chuckles perhaps, but Elias had managed to do what practically no one had, except for a few exceptions.


  Peter caught onto the lie about being a seer, true he had some magic, he could tell, but it wasn't that sort of magic, it felt more wrong than light to him. So he probably had a contract with some creature of sorts that made him immune to Peter’s accidental magic.


  Because in all honestly he did not mean half of the time for the fog to follow and make people like that. It just sort of… happened, hell he didn't even realize it was a thing until he left the kingdom! It tied to his emotions he thinks, in Mooreland it was practically impossible to notice since the entire kingdom was drowned in fog due to the curse that his great grandfather got for wronging a faery. 

 

  When he realized that there was only one horse and the man looked like he wanted to stab him and rob him, he felt a spike of  something that caused him to offer to take him along.


  He couldn't tell what it was, but he was honestly not very good with emotions, what with growing up where he did. Missy tried to help him along while he grew, but he has to admit that she wasn't great at it, she struggled herself with feelings too.


  Of course back then since she was the only person he was somewhat close to, caused him to mimic her and well, people, the very few he spoke to and didn't become sort of a husk immediately pointed out how weird some of his mannerisms were.


  Even while mad at her, he doesn't begrudge her for trying to help him, even if it didn't pan out correctly.


  Elias pointed out some of his most odd behaviour during the trip in some of their talks, small things that puzzled him and made Peter grumble and answer non committedly.


  Like the way he sometimes speaks, as if he didnt know exactly how to converse, his skin being so pale despite being in the sun so much, how he would sometimes tilt his head in an unnerving way.


  “How can it be unnerving?” He looked at him and narrowed his eyes.


  “Like… sort of like a bird i think? Like you were seizing me up to try and see if I'm worth eating” Peter chuckles.


  “As if i would want to eat your skinny flesh, i would starve” He pulls a face and starts to berate him.


  Peter did not meant that to happen, but he was used to seeing Missy do that to the rest of the maids of the house, his mother and uncle even, that he sort of incorporated into himself. Now he understands why the queen always sended her off and looked more stiff than usual.


  Despite that, the man was more curious than actually concerned, or perhaps he was merely hiding the concern way better than Peter thought.


  The day they spent at the lake was perhaps the happiest moment he ever had, which is probably sad, still Peter has to admit that when he saw him shirtless he got way too flustered. He himself was tall and big and it was more of a hindrance when he wanted to be unnoticed, albeit it had some perks. Elias on the other hand was shorter, had a nice fit build, despite what he assumes is a court life and was rather quick, swift and was overall rather handsome with sharp grey eyes that called to attention, at least to Peter, who hated eye contact with a burning passion.


  That made him freak out a little on the inside not used to such feelings.


  The point is he enjoyed his company, even the man touching him became acceptable far quicker than he wanted to admit. He was not used to others touching him so this was new and terrifying territory.


  That's the reason why he had to get away quickly, he ended up coughing when the man told him that it was good he was dropping him off, which meant that he was liking him far too much.


  But the entire place was so distressing that he ended up offering to take him back, even if he knew it would be detrimental to himself. Not only because he enjoyed the man’s company far too much, but because it would take him closer to Mooreland again, hell even Simon’s kingdom which in this scenario was just as bad. If his uncle told him he was gone the old king would send someone to find him. 


  So Peter, now alone with his own thoughts and feelings, prepared to stack up and go. Usually being alone did not bother him, but staying in the town on his own without the other man to distract him, when this whole place felt like a giant trap did not put him in a better mood. So he stayed in the cabin of his new ship.


  The next three days he kept buying stuff and the people around sort of… well, some of them twitched weirdly. Peter should not stay in places where there were a lot of people around, less he makes them numb, but somehow it seemed that it was helping them in this case?


  So to test it out, he rented a room and stayed at the inn.


  When he woke up it was to the sound of people sobbing, blinking blearily he went down and saw all the patrons either hugging or crying.


  What in the world?


  “I- i saw it and it crawled on me- The- the spider it was there and i-”


  “Shhh, i saw it too-”


  “The queen did this didn't she? Oh god my brother works in the palace and its been months” A woman cries on the shoulder of the barmaid who doesn't look any better.


  “Um…” A man who was whispering furiously to the owner turns to him in bewilderment as if he didnt know he was there to begin with.


  “Oh, oh god you're not- You aren't from here. You need to go, you need to leave immediately this place is a nightmare-”


  “George!!”


  “It is! The witch had all of us ensnared and- and i don't know why it stopped, but it could take hold again and my daughter…” He grabs his head and Peter unnerved steps back, to many feelings in one place.


  “Could you perhaps specify?” The owner seems to be just as horrified but he answers him in a more calm tone, Peter can tell he is more numb which is refreshing to him.


  “Queen Annabelle has a deal with a magic creature in the surrounding forest of the castle. She was slowly controlling the people around and even feeding some of us to it, I remember seeing guards take people away and never seeing them again-” Closing his eyes he takes a breath.


  “You should go lad, its not safe and for all we know this won't last, she must be busy with something if she hasn't already turned us back-” Peter thinks about Elias staying there and his mouth sort of goes dry, its not his business, the man said so himself, they just had a deal and it was over, no need to get involved at all.


  “I.. had an aquiteinance go there to see the queen, she invited him” He looks at him with pity and Peter clenches his hands.


  “I'm sorry but he must already be gone or its in the process of being turned into another controlled citizen” Not his business…


  Not his problem!


  Elias was just an annoying guy who was funny and was the only person who didn't instantly get depressed by his mere existence.


  …..


  He thinks him being all stiff and mechanic instead of fiery and fighty and he sighs.


  Goddammit.


  “How does the spider thing work?” He needs a little more info to figure out how to deal with it, the man pales and the people shiver.


  “The… the mother she is the one who takes care of the forest and the area, she arranges everything” Mmm he has an idea.


  “Has this always been like this, or only since the queen Anabelle got into power…?” 


  They sort of look at each other in thought and eventually a woman, the oldest in the room answers.


  “Since she was born, the late king and queen had several children but when she was born they all started to die. When Anabelle took the title at 18 this happened”


  Ah, yeah that simplifies things then. 


  A guardian entity probably thousands of years long feeding from the humans and giving the queen powers. A contract then, she must have picked the child and waited the long game.


  “Kill her” Peter has no qualms and he is more concerned about how to get Elias back.


  “I- excuse me?”


  “She has a contract, if the woman dies, the entity most likely leaves since it loses its hold, it should fix everything”


  “That's absurd-!”


  “Are you a hunter??”


  “How could you know-”


  Peter doesn't like to be the center of attention and suddenly the room feels cold and the people all shut up. He watches through the window and the street is covered in fog.


  “Shut up, kill her or not, i don't care i have an idiot to pick up, do as you please”


  He goes to try and see where he could get to the castle. The place has a wall and guards so its a no go, the forest seems to be the only way in, and he already knows something foul lives there.


  Peter hopes the man is alive, just so he can tell him 
  
    i told you so
  
  .


  The night would be the perfect cover, so he has time to kill, Peter only hopes its not too late.


  Going back he prepares to take Elias to the boat and get the hell away from this place, but when he goes back more people are milling around and acting normally, the fog has grown and expanded and if Peter doesn't leave soon the place is going to stay like this in the worst case scenario.


  Honestly he does not understand how does this thing work, sometimes its fine and nothing happens, others this.


  He hates this bloody curse.


  A pang of hurt. 


  He ignores it, better to focus on helping.


  The man at the inn sees him and tells him that more people are waking and that they will do as he said.


  “Even if it fails, its better than doing nothing and going back without a fight” Good, and an opportunity for him too.


  “I was going for my companion tonight, perhaps it would be a good distraction?” The man nods.

 

  At night Peter goes through the forest, fog at his feet and with bitterness about being able to see in the dark as he knows a person shouldn't.


  It takes a while to find his way around the place was huge, the forest is quiet and there is no life. No animals or small magical creatures living there, whatever was there was long consumed or turned into a puppet, how distasteful.


  Even in the forest surrounding Mooreland there was always a critter or pixie going around doing their business. He had much fun just hiding in the woods and watching them. The creatures were curious about him, but did not dare to approach or harm him, so he offered them trinkets or food. That caused them to be more friendly, but none were capable of actual talking in a way he understood.


  At least that's what he thought.


  Turns out they can speak, you just need to be attuned to it.


  Which is why when he hears the voice he knows, the fact that is capable of speech so easily it's already a red flag, but he steps closer and quietly. He reckons that if he wasn't used to the fae it would be far more horrifying to hear, to a normal person it would sound awful, to him it just reminds him of-


  No, better not think about it.


  He sees Elias walking and looking panicked as if he couldn't stop, spiders were crawling over his clothes. When the mother tells him she would make it good when he came to her, Peter felt such a surge of anger, because he knew what it meant to have someone want to change you against your wishes. 


  It was enough to make him act, better to get him out now.


  The implications there, even if unsaid, are honestly terrible, the only other great creature he is aware that likes to do that sort of thing of filling you with its children is the crawling rot and Peter hates it with a burning passion. Along with other creatures.


  Being consumed and never being yourself was such a horrible way to go.


  The fog rolls off and the spiders cry in pain, the guards and Elias grabs their ears and the giant creature hisses and tries to pry herself from her gap, it looked like a nest, but it was just the entrance to where it really lived. And humans are not supposed to go to the land of the fae, less they become trapped.


  The fog goes up immediately and he runs to grab the shorter man’s wrist, he tries to push him off and scream, but he shuts him up and holds his hand over his mouth. Once it was clear that he wouldn't fight him, they ran. 


  Peter sees the spider coming to them even through the thick fog so he makes a turn and pushes Elias against a tree, securing him with his body.


  He should by all means be unnoticeable, he is doing his best to do the same to Elias who is shaking and grabbing him. He can feel the heat of the man pressed against him, and it should not make him feel so weird, his hand grabs his waist and when the mother moves trying to see them, half blind because of the fog, he pushes himself harder against him. 


  They aren't there, they aren't there.


  She moves closer.


  Please, please let 
  
    us 
  
  not be seen.


  She hesitates and eventually goes. Elias is pressing his face against his chest and he can feel that he is way hotter than he should, but they still need to move so he steps back and feels keenly the missing touch.


  He wants to be that close again. Ignoring that, they run.


  Peter goes fast, but the other man stumbles until it becomes too much, quickly he picks him up and feels that he is boiling when he presses his forehead to the crook of his neck. With a quicker pace he runs off, he can hear the people yell in the distance and the smell of fire.


  Good, let them kill the witch.


  Eventually Elias passes out after calling him his heroe, it makes something in his chest feel nice, no one has ever told him something like that or been greatful, true he never did something so stupid to help someone, but it still touches some part of his shrivelled heart. Despite that he is worried, the man was in a very bad condition it seemed.


  Once in the boat he puts him on his bed and starts to look for some cold rags to put them in his forehead. But first he takes off the ridiculous get up and leaves him in just his shirt and underwear.


  Yellow coat really? The man looks far better in greens, black or if Peter is being pretentious gold. Yellow makes him look ridiculous and accentuates his ill look.


  He doesn't wake during the night, but Peter does have to put a bucket nearby, since he kept gagging and he figured it was a matter of time before he actually threw up. He was proven horrifically right when Elias hurled in the offered object and he saw what was in the bucket.


  Black ooze along with dead spiders were not something he wanted the man to puke. Anabelle must have given him a potion to make him weaker. This was going to suck, but he needed to purge it otherwise he would get worse. With a lot of disgust he stuck his fingers inside Elias mouth and made him puke more. He kept going until he finally let out regular bile. By then the man was coughing and whimpering and it made him feel bad to see him like that. 


  When morning came Peter was exhausted, he went out and saw a bunch of sailors who waved awkwardly. He nodded and realized he needed to get some medicine for the man. Hoping he wouldn't just croak on him he left to look for the apothecary. Thankfully it was open and the woman who looked like she just woke up from a nightmare gave him a weak smile before giving him the required elements.


  With mild curiosity, he went to the inn and saw the owner who was talking with several people, when he noticed him he approached and Peter who saw him try to reach out stepped back.


  Nope!


  “So i'm going to go, my companion is safe, what happened after i left?” He sees his reticence and steps back.


  “We caught Annabelle, we will… well, we will burn her at the stake for her crimes” A little on the nose, but if it's cathartic for them who is he to judge.


  “And the..?”


  “...it fled, the forest shriveled, at least its what we think, just in case we shall see what happens once the queen is gone, otherwise we will burn it too”


  “Well good luck with that and finding a new monarch, i'm taking my leave. Good Day”


  “She- Tell king Elias i say hi when you see him Peter” He freezes and turns to the man who has a vacant stare, it lasts a few seconds but he comes back to himself with no memory of what he just said.


  Peter flees.

 

  So a king huh? He has no luck does he?


  Maybe he should drop him in the ocean and pretend nothing happened, if the man puts two and two together he would send him back in hopes of gaining his family’s alliance and money.


  He sits and grabs his head.


  Elias makes a noise of pain and he bumps the back of his head repeatedly against the wall out of frustration.


  “You are so not worth all of this little man, but i already extended a lot of effort and socializing to keep you alive, so despite it im going to ugh, help you” He pats his head a few times and after hesitating gives him a soft caress on the cheek. He is still burning up, but there is no more evil potion.


  So it counts as a win to him.


  With careful moves he lifts him up a little and tries to get him to eat some spoonfuls of soup, to keep him fed and also hydrated since he really did a number with the whole throwing up.


  Peter is an idiot, but…. 


  Elias scrunches up his face a little and his lips twitch upwards.


  “Little silly man”


  He had fun.


  Peter had more fun and adventure in the last two weeks than in 31 years of existence.


  Maybe, just maybe if he keeps this horrible man around his life won't be that boring, danger and all that. Peter has been cooped up in the same place with the same dreary people for so long… and he surprisingly got along with the man, far more than he ever did with anyone else.


  He resolves that there is no reason to stop himself from enjoying this, that if push came to shove he could still just make an escape on the boat or just plainly let some marine creature eat him, he would rather die on his own terms than go back to being caged and trapped in the kingdom waiting for his demise in the boring and grey palace.


  The only thing he misses is the quiet and solitude, but-


  Elias snores a little and Peter snorts, this wasn't as bad as it could be.

  
    Chapter Text
    He wakes up feeling sick and feels someone move him so he can throw up in a bucket.Once he can open his eyes slightly he sees Peter move around and put something cold on his forehead."At least you purged what she gave you already, if i had to see that thing ever again it would be way to soon" "Mwha-" Peter puts a hand on his face and he sort of leans into it, making him flinch back. "Potion, mix of herbs and… well spiders I assume. Must have slipped it into your drinks, did the wine taste funny?" The wine?It was a little bit bitter, but that doesn't mean- "Oh god" Peter offers the bucket and sighs. He feels like death."So! Your highness, how did your visit go?" He was way too cheerful and Elias is currently trying to not puke his guts out while realizing what he had been consuming."I fucking hate you" The man grins and he rests against the bed already spent."Where?" Peter looks at him and seems to get what he means."My ship. I'm getting you back to your kingdom, see apparently someone had been a little bit misleading about being a seer" Shit, his face falls and he starts to panic, he feels too ill to do anything and the man is way stronger than him and-Peter starts to talk faster seemingly in his own panic."I'm just dropping you off! I don't- look i don't want trouble and after what happened to the kingdom -""What do you-""The people? Like I said they sort of woke up, and they were tired so they marched to the castle to, you know… kill the spider and the little queen? I asked before i left and they were preparing to burn the witch queen at the stake for her crimes, the forest started to shrivel, albeit they said they would probably burn it just to be safe, no need to leave a spot for another magical creature to live there”Elias is still sick, but he realizes that is very bad, the prophecy is already taking hold and he hasn't even found the little bastard yet. Goddammit. A kingdom has already gone into disarray because of the lost prince.He makes a groan and curls up in bed.From what he could remember and deduct from Annabelle’s talk, it seemed at the very least as if she, or the creature were partially responsible for the disapparition of the prince. A long running plan it seemed, however…It looked like even they misplaced him too.This is a pile of garbage, he needs to make plans, the worst part is he cant even ask Annabelle or know what she did, because she is most likely dead and they are already far away from there.Still… just thinking about standing close to her after the whole thing makes his insides feel icy cold, he was so close to dying…Elias is terrified of death.He needs to find a way to avoid it, to keep himself in place for his kingdom no matter what. He isn't like Simon, he doesn't get the luxury of magically not aging. Elias needs a backup plan and to figure out what to do.Great.“How long was i out?” The taller man hums a little before answering.“2 days, you were completely out of it, the first night i had to make you puke all the gunk she gave you, not my favourite memory i will admit” With his face burning in shame for having been so weak in front of him he mumbles a thank you.“Oh what was that? I didn't catch it” Insufferable, honestly such a petty man-“Thank you Peter is that what you wanted to hear??” He gives him a tired smile. Elias just notices the rings under his eyes and the way his body sags on the chair.“It was, well along with a- you were right Peter, i should have taken your offer and left, but i will let it pass this time” “You are such an ass, you know that right?” His lips turn upwards and Elias can't help but to smile too, albeit he hides it with the sheet.“Oh I do, but so are you, so I think we are even little man. Now-” He gets up and stretches letting out a crack of his neck, that makes him wince “I'm going out to check how we are going, sleep some more, i got soup for later” He finally looks around and realizes this must be the cabin of the sailor.“Wait, where have you been sleeping? This is your bed right?” Seeing him stop and rise his shoulders up to his ears as if he was caught, makes him stare him down.“Used the bed roll, figured I shouldn't let the half dead guy sleep on the floor” Oh, that-That was very kind of him. He lets a small and soft.“Oh” That makes Peter turn around and get out quicker. He closes his eyes and tries to breath in and out to calm down.So he is alive, there is a prophecy that could ruin him, Peter saved him and is getting him back to Opperior. Things could be much worse.He should focus on having a plan for the future, but as the man said he should really sleep, his body is still weak and processing whatever thing Annabelle concocted for him to drink. So Elias closes his eyes and drifts off the slow rocking motions of the waves.Hours later he wakes to Peter shaking his shoulder and telling him he should eat something. Mumbling a little since he is not really a morning person he accepts the spoon and the bowl that he puts on his lap. With still shaky hands he slowly starts to eat, expecting the food to be suboptimal, but instead it tasted-It tasted great.“You made it?” Peter drinks his own and nods.“Why? Its too salty isn't it, i knew i should have-”“No, it- it tastes really good actually” Peter gives him a side look and turns back to his plate, but he can see a small smile on his face. Elias turns also to eat and manages to barely avoid to smile himself. After, he manages, even if in shaky legs, to get up and use the bathroom and clean himself up a little, he sweated a lot apparently and he needed to change and clean himself, he felt disgusting.Still he did not have his clothes at hand to change and was sort of trying to figure out what he should do, when he hears a knock.“Say do you want some of my clothes to put on?” He considers the size difference, Elias would look ridiculous, but it's better than being naked for sure.“Fine, but we do need to get new ones before we reach the kingdom, if i get there wearing something like this i would be the laughing stock of the court” He hears him shuffle on the other side.“I believe there are some small towns nearby on the way there, we could go and get you something you royal pain in the ass” He scowls even if the other man can't see him.“Just shut up and give me the clothes” The door opens a crack and a hand holding cloth appears. Quickly he snatches it and the hand retreats as if burned.“Well i will wait outside if you need me!”Elias looks at the fabric and with a sight starts to put it on.….It hangs on his frame and he feels the burning shame on his face.Why, why did he have to inherit his mother’s smaller frame instead of his fathers!!!The man would have fitted this with no issue.He steps outside wearing the shirt that slips through his shoulders and reaches his mid thighs and undergarments that he managed to tie to not let them fall.Elias is not short, Peter is very tall.Nevermind that most of his shoes have heels. Stepping outside he sees Peter joyfully looking at the ocean and when he turns he has to do a double take, before doubling over in laughter.“Peter!!”“I- hahaha, you look like a grumpy looking cat, oh my-” He scowls and hits his arm, albeit it causes the shirt to slide off slightly and the man stops laughing to start choking.“See? That's for  laughing you damp fool”“Shut- shut up-” His face is red and Elias smirks before crossing his arms, causing him to enter another fit. At night they change the sheets that were soaked on his sweat and he hesitates before saying that the bed is big and they could share like the night that they didn't have the bed roll for him. Peter startles and hesitates, making bland excuses. Pinching the bridge of his nose he sits on the bed.“Look, its merely logic, the bed is big enough for the two of us, you look like hell, and i have no idea how to sail, so you better not pass out or something. Just sleep Peter i promise not to stab you while you are unconscious” He chuckles nervously.“Well as you said you would probably be stuck if you did…” He gives the bed roll a last longing look before going to the bed and slipping in next to him giving him his back.The space was barely enough for the two of them, but it would do if he perhaps-Elias turns and sort of-Well no, he is an adult so he will call it as it is, he spoons Peter who tenses immediately, but now they fit better on the bed.“What the hell do you think-”“You won't fall from the bed like this asshole, the bed is barely big enough for us, sleeping back to back is not really an option” He is tense as all hell, and honestly? He can hardly blame him in any other situation he would be mighty pissed and would refuse to do this. But as the past week and a half has proven, Peter is, despite many shortcomings, reliable. Trust is a long way, but Elias knows that he won't kill him or harm him, if his efforts for saving him were anything to go by.“Look, i get it, this sucks and i'm not a fan either, but its until we reach the kingdom, so bear with it” His back is tense and he can feel him take deep breaths, eventually he jerkily nods and Elias sighs.“Goodnight”“...Night”It takes a while for him to fall asleep, but for the first time in weeks he doesn't dream about spiders. By morning Peter is gone, so he gets up and does about his business. Elias won't lie, but he honestly dislikes the ocean a lot, not if he is at the beach, no.But being on a ship? He is just waiting for something from the depths to kill him at this rate.It's the main reason why he chose to go by land to Annabelle. So, he stays inside where he doesn't have to face the fact that they are far away from the coast. He does take the time to explore the vessel a little bit better. It wasn't huge, but it had a few rooms besides the cabin where they slept and the bathroom of sorts.A small kitchen space with a table and if he went further down the stairs a stocking room, with supplies. Elias does have to wonder how Peter had enough money to buy this, it should not by any means be cheap. Not only that but the times they stopped at towns he paid for everything like he promised. The man did not have a bag so big that he could be hiding all the money for this whole thing in it. There was no way.Despite the mystery and the prospect of figuring it out, he decides to better spend his time planning what to do once he is back. He would need to hire people to find the prince, who by now should be 24, if he had been kept somewhere near Hilltop and runned away, there was a lot of space to cover. He could be already trying to find his way back, hell maybe he already had and it had been all a ploy, so that when he returned he would be replaced.He shakes the thought away, no, he is sure that was not meant to happen. Annabelle sounded like she was unsure, and hoped he wouldn't harm him, beforehand.Therefore he must not be on his way there?Groaning, he puts his head on the table in the kitchen. It's like trying to find a needle on a haystack. His magic was feeling much better and he asked his patron to see if he could illuminate him regarding the whereabouts of the princeling, however…There was static.He tried again and it refused to answer him.Wha-He tries to know something else and he gets an answer, but whenever he chooses to pick on the matter of the prince it rejects him. Not like when he tried to see into Peter’s head no.This felt as if it didn't want him to know on purpose.That's not good, that's so very not good.Protection from another entity or a magical creature is all he can think of, ok.A hunter then.If the man made a contract then a hunter could kill him, they were practically foaming at the mouth to destroy anything supernatural. Hire hunters and send them for the man, he just needs more information first. So spies then, people who would notice anything strange or unusual. Rumours despite usually being nonsense, had a tendency to hold some truth-A finger pokes his cheek and he snaps out of it.“You look like you are planning something nefarious or you're having a headache” He bats the offending hand away.“A little bit of both to be honest” “Gonna kill some old man or something? Set fire to a village? What's your poison then” He scoffs.“I might like your presence, but i reckon i should not say anything” Peter rolls his eyes.“As if i would care enough to tell anyone your highness murdered someone, you are a king its the most usual thing, i would be surprised if you didn't, plus you are sort of unhinged in a nice way-” He scratches his beard and shrugs before going to grab things to cook he assumes.The last bit caught him off guard.“In a nice way you say?” Peter stabs the knife hard onto the cutting board.“Forget it” His voice goes a pitcher higher.Huh. During the rest of the day he makes plans over plans, but eventually it gets boring, so with regret he goes out, there is just so much he can stare at the same walls in one day.Peter is fishing.He is sitting with his legs hanging, honest to god fishing.Its the late afternoon and he heard him curse out while stopping the ship with the anchor before. “The picture of a sailor i see” He groans and Elias carefully approaches, but never close to the railings. The vast expanse made him queasy. If he focused he could know what was lurking in the water and that was a terrifying idea. His hands were sweating.Bad idea, maybe he is still ill and needs to rest, yes, he should head inside and-“Well i like the ocean, its quiet and my… uncle figure always took me to see his ship whenever he came by so i'm used to it'' Information or running off?With mildly shaky legs he decides to be annoying at the very least and sits pressing his back to Peter.“You are a leech, you know that right?” Closing his eyes and focusing on the other man’s voice he replies with his most breezy tone.“I have been told before hand, yes” Peter laughs quietly and he counts it as a win. Silence comes back and his mind quickly drifts about the creatures at the bottom of the ocean, waiting for them. Focus on something else Elias.“So this is it? Just fishing and sailing around?” Peter sighs.“Yeah, i mean i was hoping to be on my own, but the world never works the way you want it” He thinks about prophecies and awful old womans“I can relate”“Still could be worse, you are entertaining, even if you kind of creep me out a little with the whole staring me down from time to time” Please he is not the weirdest of the two of them!“You say that as if you weren't an anomaly, i saw you talk with a woman until she got so confused she forgot the original question!”“So?”“She asked for your name Peter” The man presses back and pushes him forward.“Sstop that-”“Names are important, most fae ask you and they use it against you!” Pushing back he snorts.“I know, but she was a barmaid, plus you told me your name, so your logic is flawed”Peter mumbles something so low he can't pick on it.“What?” The man stays quiet for a while.“I figured you weren't a risk. Apparently i was wroooong” Finally he pushes back so much that he almost falls forward.“PETER!” Elias feels that's the closest he would get to admit he liked him enough to give it to him and he grins despite the childish man antics. The man gets a fish and makes dinner with it, which was surprisingly good, albeit he looked at it weirdly when he caught it, had a glint in his eyes that confused him a little.“I don't get you, you have enough money to buy all of this and act like someone from higher society, yet you cook like you worked in a kitchen” Peter cleans the plates and does not stop despite his questioning.“Mm, had money, but I mostly did whatever I wanted and my godmother taught me how to cook. Sort of lost my job and took everything before leaving” He frowns and looks at him with interest.“What did you work on?” “I helped with the trade of the ships where I lived, but I lost it. That's why i wanted my own ship to sail away, i always like the ocean better, more.. free i suppose”“Huh, handy, my kingdom doesn't have that much maritime trading…. its mostly local” Peter turns and gives him an amused smile.“Is it because you don't like the ocean?” How did he- His face must look questioningly, because he laughs at him.“You were shaking like a leaf while leaning against me, and i know its not the cold, you stole my coat and that is warm enough” Flushing embarrassed at being caught he narrows his eyes and gives him a look.“If you say a word-”“I won't, I won't, I told you. To do that i would have to want to socialize and goodness knows i don't”“Mmm, we shall see. Besides there is that and the fact that most kingdoms, let's say are not fond of me… with a few exceptions”“Oh? I can't see that, do they not like you scheming nature?” He pushes him.“They are unnerved by my work and well… “ Elias sighs and it hurts to admit. “They are terrified of my general, Gertrude is a legend of sorts” Peter looks at him without recognition.“The “servant” who tried to kill me? She is the general actually, has stopped several invasions and rituals from minor creatures. Quite possible the most frightening and cold woman you would meet” “That sound horrible, is that why you haven't got her killed?” Elias groans.“She would probably challenge death to keep on living, but yes. Too smart for her own good, serves her purpose well, but honestly i could do without her constant threat to my continued existence”“You poor thing” Peter mocks him slightly, but he is not really mad when he kicks him. Honestly it is nice to complain without having to bear with the repercussions of someone hearing it and gossiping. Two more days pass, in which at some point Peter attempts to show him how to manage the ship and to fish.He doesnt like either, but fishing was at the very least far less stressful, more boring than anything. He sits, even if he still hates it, closer to the man who talks endlessly about nothing at all, keeping him mildy focused on him. Enough that he doesn't spiral and tries to see what is happening under the water.Elias still feels his face heat up, remembering Peter standing behind him and helping him pull a rope, pressing his chest against him. The third day they stopped at a small coastal village, it had practically nothing on the clothes department for him that was a little more glamorous, but he did get some more fitting clothes. He will have to wear that horrid get up that he had during the whole Annabelle fiasco once he gets back home.The yellow looks horrible on him, but its the only high quality thing he has to wear . More days pass and he has to admit that he is starting to get used to it, oh he still feels terrified but its more bearable with Peter at the very least. One day the man looks at the clear sky and tells him they should stop and stay close to land.“Why? We are so close, only a few more days away-”“Storm and a big one i reckon” He looks to the sunny cloudless sky and then at him with an unimpressed stare. Peter crosses his arms and scowls at him.“Which one of us, pray tell, knows about sailing?” They had a stare off and eventually he relents.At night with the ship shaking even if they were closer to the coast due to the waves and rain, he has to admit that he is glad Peter knows his stuff. The wood creaks, the ship moves a lot and Elias has the thought that even if they were close to the earth the ocean would swallow them long before they could reach it.He was in bed, while Peter moved around checking the ship. He closed his eyes and tried to not think about the vessel sinking with him trapped inside. Or being set on fire by a lighting bolt-The door creaks open and his companion shuffles in. After moving around a little, probably changing to go to sleep, he gets in the bed. Elias is stiff as a board clutching the sheet and giving him his back. The boat moves in a lurch and he lets out a sound from the back of his throat. He is distracted slightly by an arm tentatively wrapping itself on his waist.“Better fit for the two of us huh?” He lets out a shuddering breath.“Yeah” The rain falls heavy and he can't relax.“It will be fine, we really are in the less dangerous part, by morning it will pass” His jaw and hands are clenched so tight he feels like he is about to burts.Thunder claps so close and he shudders.Peter sighs and after a while shifts closer grabbing his hands to slowly start unclenching them and holding them with his own.“Go to sleep it will be fine i promise” Promises are meaningless, promises can be broken- Nodding jerkily he focuses on the weight on his back, the warmth of the bed and the closenes of the two of them together. Finally he holds the offered hand and clutches it. Peter is tense, not for the storm, but because of the whole situation.He is trying and Elias decides to trust him.Eventually he drifts off. He remembers waking up much later, but still too early hearing the now more calm rain and Peter’s soft snoring. With that he closes his eyes and falls asleep again, Elias is truly ok.They do not discuss it at all and they keep annoying each other about stupid stuff, Peter even suggest showing him how to cook. “Really it would do you wonders! I mean do you even have a hobby that is not being a nosy bastard or you just work non stop?”He is lying on the middle of the deck just lazing around, admiring the view of Peter shirtlessly moving things, the weather had gotten hotter the closer they went to his land and the man took his chance to just drop the shirt for a while.Elias had his unbuttoned only. “I have hobbies!”“Yeah like what?” He struggles to think, he honestly does like his job, its tiring but he likes it. Still, things he does for fun….“I guess i like to gamble and well-” He pouts its such a stupid thing to say… “Well what..?” Peter sounds curious and he groans, he sees him slip a little and he chuckles.“I like… knitting”“.... Really” He covers his face and nods.“It's a nice way to keep my hands occupied and it helps me calm down! Don't judge me” Peter chuckles and drops an apple on his abdomen startling him.“I'm not, I was just not expecting it. Huh, think you could make me a scarf? Reckon it would come in handy when i get to colder waters” Ah right, that.They would have to part ways soon.“Mm, you would have to stay or come to pick it up” He looks to the apple and sits up to take a bite without looking at the man. He doesn't reply and instead moves to go fish probably.Elias has to face the fact that he might have gotten attached to him.That they might even be…. friends.How the mighty have fallen.“Well… maybe i could stay? Not on the town heavens no, but like stay on my ship and you could come and visit….” His heart beats faster and his face can't help but to grin.Thank god they are not looking at each other.“Yeah, i mean i swear the castle’s beds are of great quality if you want to sleep somewhere else too”“Asking me to move in? How forward your majesty” Rolling his eyes he jests.“Well, more forward than sharing a bed. I don't think i can be” He could, but he doesn't want to scare him off, besides it's not really about that “But i would like it if you… stayed. You have proven to be a rather…. good companion, and there is a private beach close to the castle so you could… you know, just  keep your ship there and come and go as you please” He feels that if he says friend Peter would jump out of the ship, also that offering a choice about where to spend his time would be better.“.... I will think about it…”That's as good as he is going to get for now he supposes.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  With only three days left to reach Opperior, Elias has to collect himself, as delightful as it is to just act out and not care about what he does and says here, he needs to go back to his more regulated frame of mind.


  He has to be the perfect figure of a king, unflappable and slightly threatening.


  Controlling his citiziens like Annabelle is not what he wants to do, he likes seeing them go about their little lives doing whatever and if he catches them doing stupid stuff by their own means he has far more enjoyment.


  So no, Elias likes to watch the people as they are. 


  Therefore he has to start dressing up more correctly even if he really would rather laze around in one of the shirts Peter gave him at this point. Honestly even if he felt ashamed at first, there is a certain charm to wearing it, plus its rather relaxing.


  That and he tries to be less… showy with his feelings, he has an image.


  Peter however gives him looks and seems to be more annoyed at him when he does it.


  “You know, you sound like a pompous bastard right? What happened to calling me out and threatening that magic fish the other day.


  Ugh, that thing-!


  “I hate that fucking fish, if i ever see it again im cutting off its head while its sitll concious-” He rants and stops himself in the middle of it to take a deep breath and push his hair back a little.


  “Look, i have an image and as much as this little vacation was nice, i will be going back to a court full of nosy bastards, who would be asking questions nonstop about what happened and my whereabouts-” Ah that's right “That reminds me, if you stay i recommend you keep to yourself for a few days until i get everyone to leave me the hell alone” Peter tilts his head in that awful way and looks-


  He swears he looks hungry.


  “Don't worry! I think I can handle it, plus you promised a bed right?” They are in the kitchen, sitting down playing cards.


  “Thought you would think about it?” The taller one nods.


  “I did, as long as I can come and go as I please and you don't bother me about what I do, I can stay at the castle. Albeit… I do have one condition?” He checks his cards with an air of indifference and nods.


  “Sure, what is it?” Peter smirks at him and lays his cards.


  Fucker-!


  Putting his hand down he scowls.


  “Like I said, I sort of runned off with a lot of money… if rumour gets out i will be in a lot of trouble and would have to go. So… if you could i dont know, make sure no one snitches on me. It would be great” Elias looks at him, he feels it's not the full truth, but he can't pry it off his head, so small steps it is.


  “Mm, I suppose that's amenable. I know i can have pretty much everyone in the castle not say a word, well, except for Gertrude that is, but it shouldn't be a problem” With a now more relaxed look Peter grins and claps his shoulder.


  “Good! Then if that is solved, i suppose i can stay for as long as you would have me or well if i want to travel, i do want to sight see a little” Nodding and pouting since he wanted him to stay-


  Not yours to keep, he has to remember that.


  Elias smiles back.

 

  He acts a little less wild as Peter likes to say, but not completely, he wants to enjoy this, he knew that the moment he steps back on land he will have to put on the same calculated persona he had for years. 


  Like a perfectly fitted glove.


  Albeit Peter does manage to make him react, so he expects him to at least do that when they are alone, so as to not raise any questions.


  Soon enough the days pass and he can see Oppperior tower from a far.


  Sweet, sweet home.


  “Is that..?”


  “Yes the castle” Peter stands next to him and Elias lightly bumps his arm.


  “Kind of a tall tower I must say” Rolling his eyes he nods.


  “Yes, but it serves its purpose” 


  The kingdom was beautiful, he could already see the green flags with the golden owl across the city, he quickly checked around and saw that everything was perfectly fine inside, via some well placed portraits.


  Peter actually stands closer to the railings to see the place while they pass slowly to the little beach behind the castle. The small “island”, albeit there was a long stone bridge that connected to the mainland, was beautiful, full of houses and business, some farms too of course. Albeit most of them were in the mainland and were being kept safe by the stone wall that surrounded the area. 


  Ships passed in tranquility, they weren't made for long voyages, but they served to catch fish mostly.


  It was a land of knowledge and sightseeing. Elias had missed it a lot.


  In a few months it would be the night of the lost prince's birthday, where the population all set lanterns in the water for him. Despite his reservations, he could not remove the festival of sorts after his predecessors died. Not only that, but this year he also had to worry about the ball with the other kingdoms and on top of that to look for the man and get rid of him.


  What a messy year this is going to be.


  But…. he sees Peter marvel at seeing the place and he feels a little bit better. He hides his smile behind his hand.


  The man looks as if he hasn't seen anything like it.


  Hilltop kingdom was far more darker and subdued in color, with a completely different architecture to Opperior.


  His kingdom was more ample and bright. He was proud of it and to see the other so excited made him feel a bubble of giddiness at the idea to show it off.


  “I could do an exception and show you the place…” Peter looks at him amusedly.


  “Thought you had an image and all that..” Rolling his eyes he gives him a wicked smile.


  “Oh Peter” He goes and presses closer. “As if i wouldn't go and hide between my citizens to spy a little on them”


  The man opens and closes his mouth, before startling and laughing. He looked extremely good and his voice was pleasant.


  Elias face flushes a little for some reason and he clears his throat looking  elsewhere.


  “What is so funny” Peter shakes his head.


  “I just, you are quite something aren't you? I don't think there are that many kings or queens who would dress up to mix between the people to spy on them for fun”


  “I'm quite exceptional yes” He sees him shake his head and make a funny expression that he can't quite figure out, before the man turns and goes to change course a little to better descend.


  “Well your majesty, prepare for we are almost there”


  True, he can see the small dock area near the beach.


  “With pleasure”

 

  They disembark and Elias starts to talk about the history of the place, he is fully aware that Peter is tuning him out, but it seems to set him at ease. So he will bare with it.


  Soon they are approaching the gates and a pair of guards appear, but when they see him they freeze and bow slightly.


  “Your majesty?”


  “We thought you would come back with the caravan what-”


  “Long story gentleman could you perhaps let us inside? I had quite the journey and I needed to ask Gertrude some questions” They looked puzzled for a second, but then as if they just noticed him, their eyes went to Peter who waved cheerfully at them.


  They sort of blanched a little and looked at him in question.


  “My companion here, helped me after some bandits attacked the caravan, now since he helped your king…” That sets them in motion and they stand firm and salute them.


  Peter tells them to have a good day and he knows they will feel miserable for the rest of it. Elias grins and he sees Peter look just as entertained.

 

  Peter looks around the hallways while he switches from eye to eye to try and find that woman. How does she manage to escape his notice is beyond him, but it sets him on edge.


  After a few maids see him he requests kindly to prepare a room for his guest. They nod and the older one says she will put him in the guest wing, to which he calmly tells her that he would like her to prepare one near him.


  She gives him a look and he smiles, if a flash of the changeling that she had to kill when she realized her son was gone appears on her mind its not really his fault.


  “Mm, you should one day tell me how you manage to do that, handy it seems” He gives him a side look.


  “Trust me you don't really have what it takes, besides figured you had your own sort of tricks…” Peter’s jaw locks in place while still smiling and Elias lips turn upward, the man sees it and turns to the side slightly.


  “Thought you never noticed since you never said anything…”


  “Peter, fog follows you and people acts weird, trust me i can tell you have some magic” His face makes a sort of pained expression and he sees him scratch his arm “Are you-”


  “Elias” Ah, there she is.


  Turning back to see her, General Gertrude Robinson stares at him with a raised eyebrow.


  “Gertrude, i was looking for you”


  “Mm, yes I heard, news travel fast, you were supposed to come back in a few more days, also what are you wearing?” Her face is bewildered and he looks to the roof seething and tired.


  “What Miss Cane provided, since most of my stuff disappeared after bandits tried to kill me on my journey to her kingdom. Came back by boat so it was faster, you seem ecstatic to see me It seems” She remains calm and collected even after the mention of the bandits. Mm.


  “I'm sorry about it, impressive, I seem to recall you had a…. dislike for it?” His smile remains in check.


  “Yes, well, I had to take a quick leave, after the queen attempted to sacrifice me to her… familiar of sorts and she got burned at the stake by her citizens, things happen you know” That actually makes her do a double take, the surprise on her face is genuine at the very least.


  “Excuse me?!” He gives her a tense smile.


  “I will inform you of it later, but for now i wish to rest and show our new guest the place before taking him to his new room. So if  you excuse us” 


  Peter who had been silent the entire time walks like a shadow near him, his general stares holes onto the man’s face and Elias can tell he is feeling very uncomfortable.


  “A little entertainment then” Her tone makes him grind his teeth, because he knows what she is implying and he feels a headache coming.


  “I-”


  “Hello! You must be Gertrude its a pleasure to meet you, Elias told me many good things about you, im Peter” His tone is jovial and he sees him extend his hand to her, it actually sets him back a little, because just a few seconds ago he saw how much he disliked her attention.


  Gertrude likewise seems to be trying to gauge what is up with him, but offers her hand to shake. Elias has a brief glance of her face turning surprisingly pale, before realising Peter who smiles at her albeit not looking at her eyes.


  “Hope we can get along!” She gives him a look and turns to leave quickly.


  “She is lonely” Peter has a faraway look that Elias does not like at all.


  “Peter?” 


  “Mm, someone she loved rejected her and now she feels lonely….” So the thing with Agnes was true after all? Good to know.


  Still.


  “Peter the tour remember? Lets go” He grabs his arm and that immediately makes him pay attention to him, he can feel him stare at his face and Elias lets out a sigh of relief.


  “Right sorry, hopefully she won't bother anymore”


  “I can only hope, still there was no need, she will be more cautious with you now”


  “Mm she was implying-”


  “I know, i… know, look its the most obvious assumption she could make and honestly? She is truly the only one who thinks like that, I have such a reputation that the rest of the people here won't bat an eyelash don't worry. She was just trying to bait me a little”


  “I can tell” He lowers his voice albeit he still sounds very cheerful “Are you gonna try and see if it was her?”


  Elias laces his arm with Peter who after tensing for a few seconds just sighs defeated and kicks him a little, yet does not push him away. Small victories.


  “Leech”


  “I'm letting you stay am I not? I believe I'm repaying your kindness, besides, yes, I will keep an eye on her. I don't think she was working with Annabelle, but there has to be something” 


  They walk and he shows him the place, the gardens, the view from the tower where he usually works so he can see everything, the throne room.


  Peter watches and Elias talks while leading him around.

 

  Finally he takes him to his new room.


  “This is yours, mine is at the end of the hallway. So! What did you think?” The man gives him a glance and shakes his head laughing a little.


  “Nice, it was probably missing a golden statue of your face somewhere i believe”


  “Oh hush you”


  “Still it's… quite something, certainly… cheerful. I will try and not, heh, damp the place with my…”


  “Ah yes, can you control that?” He seems a little… shy.


  “Not.. really? Well sometimes i can, sometimes i don't and it does as it pleases. Honestly it's sort of a gamble at this rate. If it looks like the hallway is getting too… foggy I will go to the ship and sleep there for a few days, that should reset it” What kind of magic-?


  “Perhaps i could help? I have my own magic, maybe if-” Peter shakes his head and Elias frowns.


  “No, heh, no offense, but mine it's not the same as yours. I doubt you could help and honestly? It's better if it stays like this…” He looks resigned, which makes no sense and-


  “Anyways, you probably want to change… that” He looks him up and down with mild disgust.


  “Its not that ugly!” The taller man smooths over his yellow coat and Elias stand straighter.


  “Its the most horrid thing i have ever seen, please do us a favor and burn it”


  “Bastard” He is right, he just doesn't want to admit it. He rolls his eyes at him.


  “Put on something more fitting… maybe green, it suits you better” Its a few seconds where the man catches onto what he said and Elias grins maliciously at him.


  “Oh Peter had you been thinking about what colors look better on-”


  “Ok, bye!” He opens the door and locks it.


  Elias actually cackles.

 

  He bathes in his wonderful bathroom with all the salts he loves and relaxes in the hot water, oh yes how he has missed this.


  Once he is clean and far more relaxed he puts on his clothes perfectly tailored for him. Even picks a green outfit to bother and tease Peter during dinner.


  Far more fun in his book.


  Tomorrow he will have to go back to regular duties, but he can indulge himself today. He asks for dinner and requests an apple pie. Usually he would ask for chocolate, but he remembers the man giving him a slice on their trip and surmises he should extend the same kindness.


  At dinner he waits for the man, who eventually comes a little late and looking annoyed at the maid who is scolding him, it causes Elias to hide his attempted smile with his drink. Not wine as of now, recalling what Annabelle did set him off.


  Peter once he crosses the door stops to stare at him, he can see his face slightly red and the bewildered expression on it.


  “You hate me don't you?” Elias likewise is checking the man out, who apparently had actually nice clothes stashed somewhere, the blue suited him, albeit he was also rather improper by having his sleeves rolled and showing his arms. He could catch the fog tattoo there. In definition? Peter looked really good and Elias was charmed.


  “Hardly, albeit I did have dinner with people whom I despised a lot, in your case? Its just fun teasing you dear” The endearment slips and Peter mouth does a funny twitch.


  “Well, i would say the same little man, nice heels wonder how tall you look standing now?”


  Oh this bastard.


  He leans forward and whispers.


  “I will stab you Peter, don't tempt me” He looks at him straight on and he feels a tingle of expectation.


  “You would need a step ladder for that…. dear” His eyes are narrowed and he is grinning maliciously. Elias is already having fun.


  “You awful, despicable man”


  “Scheming, little bastard”


  They stare and Elias chuckles.


  “A toast then?”


  “Mm, sounds fine to me” Elias thinks and has to see.


  “For a nice… friendship i suppose” He gauges the other man's reaction to the term. Peter looks actually surprised for a few seconds, even bashful he would say.


  “Yes…. cheers!”


  The night is spent talking and eating. Peter loved the apple pie for dessert.


  “You ate it so fast-”


  “I- its weird but the receipt is familiar somehow”


  “Its honestly the first time i asked for it sorry”


  “Just for me? What a kind king you are. Not like you stole my food back in the ship” He groans.


  “I do one nice thing-” 

 

  After they go to their rooms together and Elias actually stays on the door and sees Peter sort of do the same. He kind of got used to sleeping with the man nearby. Mostly hearing his light snoring, even if annoying it was nice to have the company.


  Elias does not say anything besides wishing him a good night. Peter kind of stares and likewise does the same. He thinks he hears him cough, albeit it was muffled from behind the door.


  Already in his sleeping clothes he lays in bed and actually struggles to fall asleep, it was way too quiet and it was kind of annoying him, he got used to the sound of the waves and Peter next to him, it was a week and a half like that he knows, but despite everything, he did sort of enjoy it in the end.


  Stupid of him, he knows.


  Eventually he falls into a fitful sleep. He wakes up later by the sound of a door opening nearby, in fact if his drowsy mind was working correctly he thinks it was the door of the room next to his?


  Mildy worried he checks with the painting there and sees Peter drop in the bed that is mirroring his if the wall wasn't there. That-


  Guess he wasn't the only one who missed it huh? Smiling now a little more real, he knocks on the wall twice and after seeing the man freeze he hesitantly knocks back.


  He borrows his face against his pillow and sees Peter curl up in bed.


  In the end he falls asleep quicker while checkin on the man, he doesn't remember what he dreamed, but he feels it was something good.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Elias wakes up and feels finally at ease.

  He dresses for the day and ticks on his mental list all he has to do. Go to his study and send a request for the hunters, ask his spies to check for a suspicious individual with the characteristics of the boy, albeit now an adult.

  Talk with his council for an hour, check with Gertrude, lunch, mm maybe he can sneak some time to walk in the gardens with Peter…. and a few more things.

  Oh, and check what is up with Hilltop now that Annabelle is gone.

  Busy, busy.

  He tries to check in Peter’s room but realizes he turned the painting to the wall. Clever.

  With a pout, since he won't get to see him he goes out to have breakfast. The man is not there, even if he told him he can eat  at the table with him as he likes. He subtly asks if he came by and the maid looks slightly dazed so he assumes he ate while he was sleeping.

  Well as annoyed he is at not being able to see him, the man did request to let him do his own thing if he wanted him to stay so he would have to play nice. Besides, he really has a lot to do, the kingdom doesnt rule itself.

  He spends the morning writing letters that are in code and are vague enough that won't be traced back to him, arranging to hire the hunters to look for someone that matches the description and has some form of power that they would need to get rid of.

  Once done, he talks with his council about the matter of Annabelle, the festival and the ball.

  By lunch he is again alone and he guesses that maybe he hoped too much, during the afternoon he goes to see Gertrude and talk passively aggressively to her until he has to leave, less he stabs the woman.

  After writing more lists of changes and things to start asking to be shipped here for the festivities-

  Better to start now, heaven knows that there is always a problem and if there isn't the right wine or food by then, war would break, and he means literally. Eventually of course he gets tired, he has been writing non stop and he feels like he needs a rest, so he goes to the beach. Usually he would head to gardens to have some coffee, but he is feeling rather low on energy and he wonders if the man has been hiding there the whole day.

  His hunch is proven correct when he sees Peter fishing.

  “Really?”

  “Mm, didn't have much to do otherwise, albeit I did consider walking around the town, but since you promised me a tour….” He is glad he didn't go without him, there are a few things he would like to show him.

  “You know, you can have food with me, also if you want something ask- ok no, 
  
    write 
  
  what you want and i will let the help know to get it for you. I'm a gracious host, if I let you be bored it would look bad on me” Peter stays quiet, but at this point he knows the man sometimes does it, not by any malicious intent, so Jonah decides to go and sit next to him in the dock.

  He hopes no one sees them, but considering how people tend to ignore them with Peter around, he figures its not that much of an issue.

  Elias takes a few breaths and just relaxes, he never had a real need to stay here so its sort of nice. Peter grabs a fish from the bucket near him and throws it to the water, rather far away, he was about to ask when he sees something jump from the water and eat it.

  “Peter-!””

  “Its ok, they don't like human flesh, only birds or fishes” He stares at him.

  “What is it?” He hums.

  “Baby sea serpent, won't grow too big, the weather is nice, but they grow to their fullest size in way hotter climates or near Aella, it has normal food so it won't result in killing people unless they hurt it first, saw it this morning, guess it must have gotten lost” He looks at the man and to the water.

  “And… you are feeding it?”

  “I mean, like i said its not malicious unless provoked and i was told that if you are nice to them while young they can become rather protective, good for sailing”

  “Uhu”

  “So! What did his majesty do today? Made a baby cry? Help the poor?” He gives him a light shove.

  “Nothing too bad, just sent a lot of letters and talked with my court and Gertrude”

  “Ugh, must have been awful” He shudders and he laughs lightly.

  “Oh it was, the council is so boriiing. I would never say it to them, but my god they squable over the pettiest things ever, it's so annoying. Every week i need to sit down and hear them complain about the other and how bad they are managing their jobs and blah, blah. Childrens the lot of them” Peter chuckles and Jonah tells him more about the complaints he had before.

  “And one time i swear, listen i swear, they complained about each other for a month until lady Nicole got tired in a meeting and told the pair to please just get together and stop draggin all of us down” Peter was looking at him with a half smile.

  “Oh? And what happened” Elias leaned closer as if he was to tell him a secret.

  “They got together and never complained again, I could have given Nicole a chest of jewels for making the fighting stop” The man laughs and Elias joins him.

  “Mm, i don't know if i will make it to lunch or breakfast, but i can promise dinner, i'm having fun here” He sighs and stretches a little, it's been a while and he needs to be heading back. Peter looks at him slightly and he would tease him, if he didnt see a scaly face peeking at them from the water, making him stumble, Peter manages to steady him with one arm, while holding the fishing rod with the other.

  “The ser-” Peter nods and leaves his arm around his shoulders, while putting the fishing equipment down.

  “Hey there little one! Are you lost” The creature went down when he saw him move and was now looking at Peter.

  “Want more fish? Look he is not bad, in fact- Elias is going to give you some” He yell whispers at him.

  
    “No, i'm not Peter-” 
  
  The man rolls his eyes and pulls him closer and offers him a fish from the bucket.

  “Its ok, just throw it in the water” He grimaces at the fish and looks at him with an acidic smile that he ignores in favor of a smirk.

  “Impossible, you are impossible” With a sigh he looks at the thing.

  “Hey… little one? Here want some? Well go get it!” He raises his arm and the pupils of the thing go wide. He chucks the fish far away and instantly the creature goes to get it.

  “See! Told you”

  “Yes and now my hands smell like fish, how lovely” The taller man shrugs and offers him another fish to throw.

  “I need to go back”

  “Ok, is there anything urgent to do?” He gives him a look.

  “Wha- no, but i should check a lot of things and-”

  “And you have advisors that despite being childish do have good results don't they?” 

  “...Yes”

  “Then i think you can take a break, so! Throw the fish for Nessy!”

  “You named it?” Peter looks sheepish.

  “Shame not to”

  “Its not a pet!” 

  “No, but if she recognizes a name then its easier to make sure she doesnt hurt anyone” Elias thinks and figures that at this point there is not much to do.

  “If she kills someone and they want to get rid of her, it's your responsibility” The taller man, groans.

  “Fine!” Elias nods and throws the fish, the sea serpent writhers in the water.

  “Also Nessy is an awful name, its so… common” The bewilderment and confusion in Peter’s face was hilarious. 

  “What would you even name her?” He thinks about it.

  “Maybe… Opal for her color? Shimmer cause she shines” The man snorts.

  “Princess Marmalade”

  “I will push you into the water Peter. I swear to whatever deity is listening” That makes the man double a little and laugh.

  “Ok- ok, mmm Princess Opal?” Narrowing his eyes he huffs.

  “Thats… acceptable” With an impish grin the man whistles and the creature swims closer.

  “Well it seems that you are now Princess Opal! You like that girl?” The creature raises its head from the water to Peter’s height and twists it to look at him upside down, before sticking its tongue out. The man nods as if she spoke to him and turns to look at him very seriously.

  “She loves it”

  Elias loses it and starts to actually laugh, both from nerves to have the creature that close and at the ridiculousness of the man. The sea serpent watches him and bumps her nose to his knee before going back to the water. He feels good, honestly couldn't have felt better.

  “I- i think i'm going to have some coffee and biscuits, care to- care to join me?”

  “Sure, albeit i never had coffee before” His face is incredulous.

  “Oh, oh Peter you poor thing, let me show you the way” He raises his eyebrows.

  “I feel like you want to turn me to the evil side or kill me”

  “We shall see, let's get our hands clean and go”
 
  Peter it's an abomination against nature.

  He is staring at what had been coffee, but now it is just a lot of cream, sugar and a bunch more of sweet stuff.

  “Want some? It tastes way better now”

  “You are a monster”

   “Funny i thought you might have been the devil when you sipped that thing without nothing to make it sweet”

  “Honestly, how???!”

  “Mm, maybe more sugar…”

  “You are going to die like this-” Peter looks amused at him, albeit his mouth twitches dowards.

  “Maybe, but it would be a fairly sweet way to go, don't you think?” Elias takes a moment to realize what he said.

  “Out of my castle, you are the worst-”

  “Then why are you smiling?” He takes a sip of his sugarly cup and stares at him. Curse his weakness.

  “I'm afraid i do not know what you mean”
 
  During dinner Elias tells Peter that he could get him better clothes if he let him get measured, however the man recites them and asks if that's enough.

  “Told you i had money, i know my measurements”

  “Fair, just write a list of what you want along with all the things you would require-”

  “I should pay for it” He looks at him.

  “You are a guest and if I recall I made you pay for everything during our trip, take it as payback for the kindness” He looks mildly uncomfortable.

  “I wouldn't call it kindness”

  “Fine, call it as you wish, but the fact remains. So as i was saying…”
 
  He sees Peter going to the room next to his and he wishes him goodnight before winking, making him splutter.

  So easy to fluster.
 
  So he adjusts his days accordingly, morning he works non stop, during the afternoon he spends time outside with Peter and occasionally feeding Opal, who seems a little less shy every time he feeds her. Of course his companion loves her, he even saw him pet her head like a dog.

  He does still work during the day, as much as Peter bugs him about it, he has to check on things, via his powers or by his own doing. Elias can't still figure out where Gertrude goes during the day. He knows she doesn't leave the castle, but she manages to disappear from his sight for hours and it worries him.

  The hunters accept his request after two weeks, his spies don't have any new information, besides perhaps something about the queen of Mooreland setting a reward for something, however, only those who go to the castle find out about what it is.

  Pointless, he needs something else.

  With a sigh he goes to consult the library, not the one most can access, but the hidden one.

  The first monarchs constructed a series of passages and secret rooms, the library was in the basement hidden away. So he sneaks in and goes to pick the more arcane tomes to check if he can do a ritual or something to check on the whereabouts of the prince, since his patron was being difficult.

  Jonah wonders sometimes, why it hasn't appeared to him, since most familiars or fairies you make deals with take a shape to follow around you. Yet he never did to him.

  The books are of some help, there are tracking spells, but he needs hair of the person, likewise with the blood locating ones, the only one that he could potentially do would merely make a gem shine as a sort of beacon to show him how close the prince is to him.

  The further away, the slower it blinks, the closer the more constant.

  Its not a perfect solution, but it is something. He would love to give it to the hunters, but they are very against magic artifacts to work with, more focused on the hunt for fun. 

  Wild assholes.

  Rolling his eyes he writes down the necessary elements needed and takes his notes. At the very least he would like to have it to know if the man is heading his way.

  While walking back through the secret hallways he hears voices, familiar ones at that.  Elias stops and spies through the eyes of the statue in the room.

  Gertrude was apparently hounding Peter who looked very anxious.

  “I wonder what you have done for him, that makes him give you so many luxuries” She is looking at his new clothes. Jonah has to admit the seamstress did a splendid job, the outfits, both to be in the castle and to merely work in the beach, fitted Peter like a glove and accentuated his shape marvelously.

  “Like he said, i  helped him, also i don't like your implications”

  “My apologies, I did not mean to be so forward then, i wished to know if perhaps there is something you could tell me about Elias?” He clenches his jaw and sees Peter give her an unimpressed stare.

  “I don't know what you expected, but considering your attitude I assure you i don't want to speak with you let alone talk about my business with him” She nods.

  “I expect that so- 
  
    What do you know about Elias?” 
  
  He knows she also has a connection to the same entity as him, Gertrude has also been unable to manifest a companion. But she can compel and Jonah now realized how dangerous it was, Peter knows a plenty of-

  The man shudders and opens his mouth, but starts to cough instead, in fact the coughing became a fit that caused the woman to step back and look worried too.

  “Nothing- cough- i would tell you-” The fit keeps going, but also he grabs his head a little, he-

  He is resisting the compulsion, shit-!

  Gertrude realizes it and stops it.

  “Enough! Enough”

  Peter takes deep breaths and he wants to punch the woman. 

  Also… the man could literally die if he resists it, yet he refused to answer her. Peter finally calms down, his face is all red. Elias sees him narrow his eyes and suddenly he steps forward towards Gertrude, but he can't see his face, however he can see her step back and look confused.

  “Now, that was… unpleasant, I would like it if there was not a repetition. So… Don't do that unless you want it to come back at you tenfold” He sees him tilt his head in that sort of unnerving way, he gives her credit, the woman remains still.

  “I cant promise-”

  “No you can't, but i do. So 
  
    I promise 
  
  that if you ever try to pry anything from me ever again, something just as bad will happen to 
  
    you
  
  ” They stay quiet and he wishes he could see his face from this angle.

  “Now! Goodbye and have a terrible day!” Peter turns and goes.

  Gertrude watches his back and when the taller is out, she actually lets out a breath.

  “How… peculiar”
 
  After dinner he asks Peter if he wants to walk in the gardens and he accepts. Elias doesn't have that many people he likes and he has to admit that companion is a first in many cases.

  Loyal to his own wishes, yet helpful and reliable. He hates to admit it, but he would dread for him to be gone. He had rivals, people he used and in a very small group, friends, but those sort of disappeared once he focused on ruling. 

  “So why did you wanted to walk around?” He shrugs.

  “Why not? We usually walk on the beach, figured we could just go around the garden, plus less people for you to be annoyed with”

  “Oww you charmer, you care” The gentle ribbing was fun and he chuckles.

  “Hush, plus I'm glad you haven't turned on the fog yet. Albeit you did say it was mostly accidental?”

  “Yeah… it's kind of weird honestly, like.. look there? Fog, now i did not mean for that, yet there we go'' Indeed there is mist coming in slow waves.

  “Huh, and all it does is make people..”

  “Dull, yeah”

  “More like sad, but sure. Inconvenient i suppose”

  “Not so… its. Mm, complicated” He makes a face of unease and Elias feels for some reason slightly upset, so a distraction is the best way to go.

  “Well, my magic is more… simple in a way, a contract if you will” Peter nods.

  “Like Annabelle I presume?” He grimaces at the memory.

  “Yes, albeit i promise there is no spider here. My patron never manifested” That makes him stop.

  “That's… weird. As far as i know they always do” He crosses his arms and nods.

  “Yes, however it never took, Gertrude likewise has her contract with it, but never managed an apparition of sorts. No idea if it's a blessing or not” There is a conflicted look.

  “How old were you when you made it?” He thinks back to a few months after being crowned, how he presented himself with confidence and grace, yet how paranoid he was on the inside that someone would try to get rid of him for having a position that he shouldn't have.

  That's how he heard the calling and found the library to make the ritual. Sometimes if you fit their tastes they call out to you and Elias, young and curious followed it.

  “17” 

  “Huh, young. Still, the only thing I can think of is that someone made a contract before you or has more of an affinity to it” That is annoying to be honest.

  “Sort of anticlimactic if that's the case” Peter looking less upset now, just shakes his head.

  “It is what it is, its a big world after all” 

  “Yeah…” It is indeed, still he would hate it if it was the latter, because it would mean someone was inherently more attuned to it and he made his efforts to keep his side of the bargain.

  There is a reason Opperior is considered a land of knowledge, Elias tries his best to bring the most information and people who are curious to live here and feed his patron. That along with their terror of failing and being discovered.

  They walk in companionable silence for a while, before resuming their bantering, a few fireflies are going around, Peter gives them a look.

  “You don't like fireflies?”

  “Mm? Those aren't- Ah right” He looks at him and Peter pats his pockets and pulls out a small candy and offers it up. The fireflies stop and go towards his hand in a hurry.

  “Wait-”

  “Pixies, they look a lot like fireflies during the night!” Elias stands closer to the man and watches fascinated the creatures. They look like tiny bug people.

  “Never saw them up close…. They are sort of pretty in a convoluted way i suppose” He is leaning against Peter and the man makes a noise, but when he looks up he is staring at the creatures focused. 

  “Yeah, albeit I shouldn't be giving them candy, apples with a little sugar sure, these just makes hyperactive and a little bit sick later” And in true fashion once they finished devouring the candy they start to float to Peter’s face and bump into it.

  “Oh, stop I don't have any more you little thieves” He bats his hand lightly, but never in a way that would harm them.

  “You really do like magic creatures huh?” After making them leave, he looks at him startled and with a complicated look in his face.

  “Sort of, I ran into the woods near where I lived a lot and had a tendency to stay there for hours. So i sort of… got used to seeing them or playing around. Didn't have anything better to do” Elias pats his arm and looks up at him.

  “Sounds more interesting, I had to spend my time reading or learning how to act properly, with the other children of the court. I think Barnabas was the only reason why i didn't spend all my time locked reading” Thinking about the other man gave him complicated feelings.

  “Friend of yours?”

  “Mm was, he died a few years ago. Tried to trick a faery and got cursed, needles to say he did not make it” Peter's face made a journey until it settles in a mild guilty look.

  “Sorry to-” He lifts his hand and stops him.

  “No need, I was aware of it, even warned him against it, but he didn't listen so I reckon it was his own fault. Still, its… sad” He nods.

  “Yeah, sometimes things just… happen and its unfair” Elias, could have done something, to break the curse he means, but in the end he was curious and besides…

  Besides as much as he loved him, he was pulling him back, just like the rest of his group of friends. There is a reason why he ended up on his own. No one really got what he was willing to do to keep the throne and himself safe. Peter seemed actually fairly ok with the least savoury things he could do as a king for some reason.

  But he reckons that the man himself lacks some form of empathy to care for other humans on a regular basis. He does seem to at least try with him and its sort of touching.

  They walk some more and speak of lighter stuff. Eventually going to their rooms, but before that…

  “How did you know to turn around the painting?”

  “What?”

  “The painting in your room?” Peter looks in questions, but seems to finally realize what he means.

  “Oh! That? It sort of felt like it was watching me, what do you…” He pauses and gives him a face so done the Elias has to cough to cover his grin “Elias, can you see through the paintings?”

  “Through the eyes of most things” He hears him curse.

  “You voyeuristic bastard”

  He goes to sleep and before he goes to bed, hears Peter hit the wall a few times and curse muffledly.

  Ah, yes, that's better.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Neither mentions the fact that Peter has chosen to sleep in the room next to his.


  Even as the weeks pass and the man has been there for more than a month.


  Elias feels more… relaxed at the very least with the man’s company. Enough so that some of the people who work at the castle mention how much of a good mood he has. Not with any mean intention at all, it just surprises them pleasantly, its sort of a nice development.


  He considered after feeding Opal again, that maybe he could arrange that trip to the town. There are a few things he wishes to buy without having to ask. Figures he should get more wool, his hands are itching to do something while he waits for the tracking gem to fully work. Plus some new books would be nice, he also knows that Peter hasn't asked for much. The servant in charge of buying his stuff was concerned, since he asked for so little.


  So he asks him if he would like to go soon.


  “Sure.. i could do with buying a few things myself, plus you promised a tour, still i wonder how are you going to walk around” Peter is in for a surprise.


  “I have my ways… also i told you, you can ask for anything” Peter bumps him slightly and squats down a little to pat Opal.


  “And I would rather get my things in privacy, I take it you would like the same?” He raises an eyebrow and looks at him.


  “...Well perhaps. Anyways i will let you know once i arrange everything”


  “Yeah, yeah, c'mon pretty-” Elias coughs and feels his face burn, but realizes that Peter was referring to Princess. The man turns to him in question.


  “Im going, there are a few letters i need to check” He clears his throat and turns to leave, ugh what a stupid mistake.

 

  He reads and answers a few messages, before being informed of several citizens coming to ask for help. Apparently they were the farmers that were staying on the mainland. With a sigh he puts on his crown, and arranges his clothes, before going to the throne room.


  A few women and men were waiting there nervously, with his most practiced smile he sits on the throne and asks them what is the issue. A woman with tanned skin and old scars comes forward and bows.


  “My king, there have been issues with the crops lately, they keep rotting or they seem unable to grow. Those that do? They all taste bad or look strange. We have tried everything, but it doesn't seem to change” 


  He frowns, that is inconvenient and also very strange.


  “Has anything changed recently? The production has been fine so far until now, so if this is a new development has there been anything out of the ordinary happen before this?” They all look at each other and seem to think, he parses through their thoughts just in case. But none of them can think of anything incriminating.


  A man, somewhat young mumbles something.


  “Yes?” He looks nervous at his attention and he keeps his smile trained on him encouragingly.


  He does recall Peter saying that he looks like he intends to stab you, so he adapts it a little to be less… threatening. At that he seems to look less afraid.


  Bloody bastard he was right.


  “We expanded a little, had to cut some of the forest for that…” The older man and woman all look mildly uncomfortable.


  “Well, yes, but it was to have more space-” Elias has a better idea about what could be causing the issues, however, it doesn't narrow down the species that could be doing it.


  “Ok, for now, until we investigate it further, please refrain from planting in that place, it looks like someone wasn't happy about the expansion and is merely trying to scare you. I will try and figure out a solution if possible” 


  “But my king, we-”


  “Listen, this is for your own protection until we have more answers. For now it seems harmless, but we don't know if it can escalate. Most likely some magic creature has grown displeased with the expansion and is taking revenge by making the crops suffer, keep going with what we usually have, if the problem keeps going or if it starts to go into the regular crops then i will send a hunter to get rid of any creature. As of now it's best to let it be” They all nod, he knows they aren't happy, but if it is a magical creature things could get ugly quick.


  Elias would rather wait and see, if things don't get better he will hire a hunter to just deal with whatever that is.


  “Anything else?”


  “No your majesty, thank you for listening to us”


  “You are welcome, i will see that this is solved swiftly”


  Gertrude is out of it, because last time something similar happened, not in the kingdom thank everything good there is, but in one of her quests, her solution was to use explosives and fight the offended party afterwards.


  She won sure, but the place was a mess.


  Honestly that woman-


  A few more citizens come to ask for small favours or ask for knowledge on what to do. He maintains a calm and soothing disposition and answers all matters, along with providing funding to those who needed it. All within reason of course.


  The baker… something July or whatever goes and that was everything for the day. Stretching, he leaves the room and goes to look for his companion when he crosses paths with Rosie who gives him a practiced smile and looks down immediately.


  Of course Peter chooses that moment to come and walk towards him, he does see him stop a little and stare at his head.


  Right he has never seen him wear his crown before. The green jewels shine and he would love to drag him to tell him about everything he heard, today, but Rosie is staring and he knows she is waiting for some form of gossip. So he opens his mouth to tell her off, but Peter goes to her first.


  “Hello! Im Peter”


  “Hello…?”


  “May I have your name miss…?”


  “Rosie, Rosie Zampano-” Elias sees her stop and look confused. He checks her thoughts and sees that her thoughts are starting to get foggy.


  “Peter, please, she is the one who deals with my appointments, go for a guard or maid” The man pouts childishly at him and feeling cheeky and knowing Rosie is not really processing the whole thing he sticks his tongue out, making the man laugh in surprise.


  Something pleasant and warm settles in his chest at the honest delight.


  The woman is still standing there recalling how her husband left her a few years ago, while he rolls his eyes and asks if he wishes to go get something to eat.


  “Mm i could do something sweet…” He looks at him questioningly.


  “You mean eat?”


  “Oh no, i mean cook something sweet its been a while. Rant while i make some biscuits”


  Peter offers his arm in a mocking way, but Elias simply accepts gracefully and lifts an eyebrow daring him to say something. The start walking leaving Rosie behind, she did not pay much attention at all so he is not worried about her gossiping.


  They talk and he has to ponder a little about a small detail.


  “Say, what is your last name? Or well if you don't want it what should i actually present you as? Most people won't just conform with just Peter” His face remains in the same frozen smile, but he makes a nod acknowledging his question.


  “If you let me think about it, I will give you something later” Elias nods.


  He is aware that he knows very little about Peter and that the man seems cagey about most of his previous life, its the main reason why Elias only tells him the most irrelevants of his issues. As much as he likes the other company things can always change and its better to keep him close to do damage control.


  When they reach the kitchen it's inexplicably empty, making him roll his eyes. Peter pulls a guilty expression and Elias can't be truly mad. He sits in front of the counter and waits expectantly. 


  “Just make something i'm hungry, as long as they are back to work for dinner it should be fine”


  “Bossy little man!” Leaning his face against the palm of his hand watching the man, Elias sneers.


  “I'm the king!”


  He turns his back to him and starts to check for the ingredients.


  “Not my king remember? I'm merely a guest”


  “A very cheeky one” Peter grabs flour and some bowls, he turns slightly with an amused expression. He should not look so nice looking down at him and yet.


  “I believe i would have been kicked out if you did not like my cheekines even a little”


  “Oh sure, but you can also leave- So there is something you must like about me as well, otherwise you would be… how did you put it? Oh right, sailing alone and away” He sees him open his mouth and close it, frowning a little, before turning to the side and coughing a few times.


  “Hardly-” He looks back and his face seems a little more paler than usual if that's possible, Elias looks at him worriedly. “You are quite the insufferable little man, interesting sure, but difficult” He does not sound spiteful when he says that, more joking than anything so he laughs lowly.


  “Sure, sure, keep telling yourself that Peter, unless you believe destiny brought us together”  What a ridiculous idea, their encounter was just chance, and besides his life is already tied to the missing prince anyways. Be it for good or not.


  Death or a new start huh?


  “I would like to believe we can make our own choices, after all we only have ourselves to count in the end!” Peter goes to grab more ingredients and he snorts.


  “Well… that is sure one way to put it!”


  “It is!” Peter starts making the mix and eventually tells him to handle him stuff to which he looks annoyed.


  “It's beneath me to-” Peter gives him a look.


  “Either help or you get nothing” 


  ….


  Elias puts his crown away in a clean space and passes him the butter.


  Its not as bad, albeit Peter has a little bit too much fun with the flour and it ends up staining his clothes.


  “Why you-”


  “Ups!” He looks him straight in the eye and picks up some with his hand. He narrows his eyes at him,


  “You wouldn't dare” Elias' face must convey the feeling of try me, because the man starts to slowly step back.


  “Oh Peter, Peter. Do you honestly think that i wouldn't?”


  He throws the flour at him staining his clothes as well.


  “Payback”


  “You-” He takes a deep breath, but sees his lips twitch.


  “Let's put this to cook little man”


  They stick around talking and occasionally threatening to throw more flour to the other. Eventually he mentions the people complaining about things going wrong in the farms.


  “I assume it must be some creature who wasn't happy with them cutting off part of the forest, but because i don't know what it is yet, i merely told them to stay away, less things escalate for the worse” 


  His companion was nodding along and looking at him, or well more at the side of his face, Peter really didn't like eye contact it seemed.


  “Good, it's definitely something magic, so what are you going to do?”


  “Wait first to see if its only a matter of the location, if it is really mad and starts to attack the other crops, I might need to hire a hunter to deal with whatever it is. It could become dangerous otherwise” He was about to tell him about all the other people that came about, but realized the man was giving him a surprised look which puzzled him.


  “What? What is it?”


  “You just send someone to kill them? Not even check what the issue is?” Elias shakes his head a little in bewilderment.


  “I'm not sure I'll follow, what else could i do? As much as i like to think myself very good at… lets say tricking people into doing things, usually dealing with fae ends rather poorly if you aren't careful, getting someone to deal with it like this is easier”


  With a look of mild annoyance he gets up to get out the biscuits.


  “I'm just surprised that's all, aren't you at the very least curious about them?” That…. is actually true, but he also finds them mildly annoying to deal with.


  “I am, but they are also so… complicated it's just as annoying as well”


  “Mm, they are far more simple than humans at the very least, or well” His face is pensive “I usually think they are” Rolling his eyes he calls him out.


  “Sure Mr Expert! Why don't you go and fix it?”


  “Oh, wanna bet?” Peter gives him a pointed look and leans forward on the table separating them. His sleeves were rolled up and his shirt had its first buttons unmade, he had after all been wearing his more casual outfit, rather than the court one.


  With a perfectly good view of the man’s chest and forearms, getting closer to him, his brain takes a second to pick on the words so he ends up stuttering.


  “..I- YyEs- yes i mean sure” Peter grins and something in his brain finally catches on the fact that his canines are sharp. 
  
    Oh my-
  


  “Are they done?! I was promised biscuits!!” Peter blinks a few times and seems to realize his position a little so he steps back and looks elsewhere. His face is red like his own.


  “Y...yes, apologies”


  “Nno problem dear, so what do i get if you lose….?” The man grabs the cookies that he had taken out to try and see if they were cold yet and takes a bite. 


  “Still hot, shit-” He lets out some air “You mean what do i get if i win? But no idea, what do you want?”


  Thinking about it he only has one obvious idea.


  “A question” Peter blinks “I get to ask you a question and you have to answer me truthfully. Now what do you want?” After making a grimace, he offers him some of the cooler biscuits and thinks while munching on his.


  “Not much i could ask since you are already pretty much letting me stay for free, but… mm i suppose a day then” His voice goes down in an almost ashamed whisper.


  “A day?” What kind of request-


  “Yes, like… when we were coming here? A day on the ship just.. sailing around for a while, when its over you go back to your kingly duties and i go back to just do my own thing”


  … That's actually-


  “Sure” He eats another cookie “They taste good. Still if they dont bother them anymore there isn't really a reason to get involved” Peter's face is flushed and he looks like he is mildly uncomfortable, but he does smile at the praise.


  “Thanks, that's… also true, so anyways-”

 

  They leave so they can change to something less dirty, he was complaining about looking bad like this, while the man simply laughed.


  “If you think you look bad, then you might have some trouble seeing” Elias realizes that the man had just complimented him on his looks and for the look of it, Peter had just realized the same and was scratching the back of his neck while coughing a little.


  He felt his cheeks burn, which was silly since he had been called good looking by several people. Or they thought about it too, albeit they usually get a little wary of him later or become rather…. crass depending on the person.


  “Well, thank you, albeit i do need reading glasses so my eyes are sort of bad, albeit i do think you look generally good too” Oh god why did he say that?? Peter starts to cough a little harder.


  “I- well i do too, albeit i kind of lost them…? Oh we should perhaps hurry-”


  While he said that Gertrude crosses paths with them and gives them one look and proceeds to just walk the other way round.


  “....”  They both stared.


  “It's just her, lets- let's just  get you something better to use” Peter tries to shrug off the judgemental stare of the woman while Elias panics about his stupidity.


  Elias is usually so smooth why did he said something so stupid-


  Ngh.


  Once he is in his room, he groans against a pillow. Also he realizes Peter said he needed glasses and that he lost them, what a ridiculous man.


  Changing his outfit for something clean, picking a black shirt and coat with golden details. He makes sure to look nicely put together and goes to check on the tracking spell, or well more like location spell for the gem to know if the prince is close. Peter goes to the gardens. Well, the “gardens” are more specifically the woods nearby, but just like the man doesn't call him out for his own disappearing acts, he won't do the same.


  …


  For now at the very least. If he figures something is afoot he will have to take measures.


  Elias goes to the highest tower where he keeps most of his more arcane projects and goes to check it. According to the book he needed to wait at least a week for it to take the magic into itself. But he was rather tired of waiting around for it to work. So with a sigh he picks some books and lays on the small couch to lay down while reading. He hopes the bloody spell takes hold in the next few days, because worrying constantly about if the man is coming back is not good for him.


  A few hours pass and the gem does not react so it must still be ineffective.


  Tired and bored he goes out.


  He does some calculations regarding working enough the next few days to have the afternoon free to go to the town. That plus they would need to go to the farms and forest for Peter to try and see if he can fix things up with the magical creatures. He hopes partially that he fails so he can get his question. What will he ask…


  Many things revolve around his head like: where is he from, what is up with his magic, how does it work, why does he act so weird sometimes-


  It keep fluttering around his head, there are so many possible things, by the time they meet up for dinner he tells him about going to town in a few days.


  “Sounds good to me!”


  “Mm, i can give you some money for whatever you need and-” He gives him an odd look.


  “Oh I can pay, I still have my own no need” Elias also remembers that particular oddity.


  “How exactly do you still have money? You spent so much on the ship and things for it, i'm surprised you have anything left” He looks somewhat perplexed, he opens his mouth and suddenly shuts it. 


  “Peter?” Shaking his head he gives him an uncertain smile.


  “Dont worry about it, you may be right, i should actually check how much i have left, i may actually be wrong”


  They keep eating albeit in a more awkward mood compared to the one they had before. His companion looked mildly troubled and Elias was actually feeling…. ugh


  Concerned about him.


   He asks him if Opal learned to do any tricks, since last time she started to spit water on command. Peter takes a bite of his food and nods.


  “Actually yes, she started to bring me shiny stuff from the bottom of the water, its sort of charming” Smiling he asks if its anything interesting or if its just rocks or trash.


  “Sometimes its just shiny pieces of glass or rocks, she did give me a ring, apparently someone must have lost it in the water, had an emerald and all. Too small for my fingers thought” Snorting he looks a little bit more at ease.


  They talk a little bit more and go to walk again around the garden, after he chuckles at Peter’s pranking some of the staff the man looks at him very pleased.


  “I always wanted to do that”


  “What, scare the poor maids off? What an awful man” His laugh it's cheery and he has to admit he likes the joyful tone the man has.


  “No, no, well, the ones that where I lived were all so stern, I'm fairly sure nothing beyond the place catching on fire would have surprised them….” He sounds fond oddly enough “Still i never really could just go and prank them, would get scolded otherwise” They are sitting down overlooking the flowers, he can see fog materialize out of nowhere, but he has to admit that he has grown used to it by now, he relates it back to the man next to him, so its not as… off putting as before.


  “Oh, I was rather the opposite, I managed to scare off a lot of the servants, but pinned the blame on all the other kids who liked to tease me” Peter turns and looks at him giving him a grin, he feels his own mouth follow suit and his face starts to burn a little. Both seem to realize the little staring contest and turn to look to the other side.


  “Well i was right then you are quite the wild thing, even if you pretend otherwise” He scoffs.


  “As if i'm the only one, you pretend to be all nice, but you truly are just as much of a bastard as i am mister”


  “True, true, ah! That reminds me, I picked a last name, so at the very least you can “present me” like a proper gentleman now” He makes air quotes at that and he elbows him.


  “Little bas-”


  “Now, what is it?”


  “Peter Foster” He looks very embarrassed and covers his face with his hands, Elias blinks. Somehow he feels there is a story there.


  “Not what i expected, but it's alright i suppose” Peter sighs against his hands.


  “I made a list, but all the other options…. weren't great” He pats his shoulder.


  “There, there, it's alright it's just to call you something in case someone asks for your name. No one is going to bat an eye”


  “Yeah” He takes a deep breath “You are probably right”


  “Of course I am, who do you take me for?”


  Afterwards they end up going to their respective rooms, Elias thinks about the next few days with something like expectation, he wants to go out the castle with Peter and show him his beautifull kingdom.


  Before falling asleep his last thought was how lovely the man looked while they were cooking that afternoon.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Elias makes a valiant effort the next few days to leave everything in place to go out, his court kept telling him that everything was under control and to not worry.


  As if it was that easy.


  Still, he checked endlessly to see if any of them thought ill of him or where expecting him to go out and do something, most of them felt relieved that he planned to go out, not for any nefarious reason. They just… were happy he was leaving the castle.


  He blinks confusedly, prying harder. The only thing he can manage to take out from it is that they feel he works too much and that he should go out. Useless.


  Not sure what they are playing at, but he is going to find out eventually.


  Gertrude gives him a look and that feels far more normal to him at the very least, he doesn't go into her mind to check what she thinks, because the first few times he did she pretty much made sure he would never try again. So he gives her a pointed look and starts to leave, before she interrupts him.


  “Have you considered that perhaps he has an ulterior motive? I know you said that he found you by accident, but i'm fairly sure he is not exactly normal” He scoffs.


  “And I assure you I am constantly making sure he isn't, plus as much as I like him. I'm not about to let him in on the secrets of the land, I'm not an idiot. Also yes i'm very aware that he is not normal, trust me on that, but i promise you it's not anything that would be threatening to us”


  “I see, well i certainly hope you are right. I will keep my own eye on him just in case then” Elias stops before the door and turns slightly to her.


  “What exactly is it that he did to make him so suspicious to you? If its his magic im aware of its effects, they pass after a while”


  Despite being much shorter, Gertrude was sharp and strong, even in her years. He sees her jaw lock in place.


  “Perhaps it's because you seem to be unaffected, which is quite interesting on itself, but its not a nice experience, there is also…” Her face turns slightly confused and he prompts her to talk.


  “Also..?” She blinks a few times and shakes her head.


  “I would need more proof it's a theory, but rest assured if i find anything i will inform you” That only means that she won't and would simply go to get the man on her own.


  Great.


  “Fine, but please, try and find something a little more concerning than just him being around me to try and kill him please, i enjoy his company” Finally he leaves and doesn't hear her reply.


  “That's what i find so very odd”

 

  The talks sticks with him, but for the next few days he finds absolutely nothing weird with the man, its not like he sneaks in the castle during the day, Jonah knows that he really is at the beach or the forest most of the time. The only reason he comes in is to eat with him, sleep or if he asks him to tag along to walk and talk.


  Peter stays outside alone with Opal and only ever really talks with him. Sure he pranks the guards or maids from time to time, but its not overly cruel. Its akin to a kid just having fun.


  If anyone talks with him, he responds and manages to derail them with his talks or like usual they sort of get dazed and seem to forget he is even there. The fog seems to concentrate in the garden when they go out or on very few occasions while he is inside, however he always looks embarrassed and tries to get it out.


  He is clever, he will give him that, but for the life of himself he cant see Peter as some form of mastermind manipulator, that would mean reading people far better than he is capable. Oh he can know for sure if you are miserable, but not the intricacy of the full range of human emotion and its reactions.


  In the end it proves to be futile to be so careful, albeit he wasn't even really trying if he was honest. Peter sort of brings out the more… real version of him to at the very least scold him and banter. He does not care for social status, in fact he seems to find the castle nice, but sort of boring if his comment the other day was true.


  The more he thinks about the possible reasons and his doubts the more he has to think about the man and it sort of ends up as a daydream of sorts, that sort embarasses him after a while. It's merely to try and find an error in the way he acts, which there are a lot and it raises some questions, but he doesn't act like he wasn't human. Elias tried several subtle ways to try and see if there was anything supernatural with him at all. But not a single one of them have proved to work.


  The iron cutlery does not harm him so its not fae, he goes out to the sun so not a vampire, he was with him during the full moon so no werewolf-


  Peter is just a very awkward human who possesses strange magic that he does not fully understand how to use. That's all.


  In the end, after the days pass he ends up stressing himself over nothing and acting rather grouchy making his servants and court get nervous. Their thoughts wander over if he and the sailor man have gotten into a fight.


  The problem with his contract is that sometimes if his own worry got in the way it wouldn't stop listening in, even if he wanted to. His patron is happy to hear all the sordid details and make him a little bit miserable in the process.


  
    But that's not it! I saw them laugh in the garden this afternoon-
  


  
    And yesterday he offered the king a flower-
  


  The incessant murmur of their thoughts and conversations mix up together making him dizzy. So much so that he left early to bed, he told Peter that he had a headache and that he wouldn't be joining him for dinner.


  Said man looked at him with a mildly worried expression and asked if perhaps they shouldn't change the day they go out if he feels ill.


  “No, no it will pass, it's just everything is loud that's all-” He frowns and his eyes seem to light up a little.


  “Oh” Elias smiles albeit it's mildly pained, but Peter goes and grabs his writs carefully.


  “What are you-” The difference is so contrasting that he lets out a gasp. The background of everyone's thoughts becomes suddenly dull, not only that but he feels as if there was a proverbial cold rag on his head, that alleviates the pain. He looks up and Peter is currently looking at the hand holding his wrist with focus.


  “How are you-”


  “It usually makes things go numb right? Figure it might help” He laughs a little incredulously.


  “I thought you didn't know how to control it…” Peter looks sheepishly at him.


  “I don't, i was trying to see if it would work and it did! So i count it as a win” Now he gives him an extremely pleased look over himself that makes him let out an incredulous breath.


  “Look at you being a gentleman for once” Still he does put his other hand on top of his and smiles at him.


  “Thank you” Peter proceeds to blink seemingly trying to process what happened and suddenly his cheeks turn pink and he laughs half nervously.


  “No- no need, it was nothing. I will grab something to eat then… unless you want to just eat in your room, in which case-” Amused at his nervousness he shakes his head.


  “I think i will pass, unless you want to come to my room….” Peter lets go of his hand as if it burned and steps back.


  “No, your majesty, i will be going then! Go and rest” He turns and leaves in a hurry. Elias manages to keep himself together until he reaches his room and feels his own face burn. He massages the wrist that Peter held, it had his magic still on it leaving a tingling sensation that made him feel numb, but only regarding his headache.


  He takes a bath to further relax and then reads in bed before going to sleep. Through all of it he did not feel overwhelmed at all.

 

  By the time he meets up with Peter after lunch the next day he was in a far better mood. He did not try to pry what his subjects thought about him, less he had another episode.


  Peter he found, waiting for him in the gardens, he was in his more casual outfit merely a pair of light brown pants with boots, a white shirt opened at the chest a little and a deep purple jacket that had details in silver color. Elias stares since he looked really handsome and he has to walk slower to take him in, before the man notices his presence.


  Of course he looks at him and has no recognition whatsoever, which is hilarious.


  “Hello Peter, waiting for someone?” That of course makes him open his mouth in disbelief and Elias laughs at his face.


  “Oh- you should see how you look Peter, hahaha” 


  “Elias??” Finally he lifts his head to look at him again and winks. 


  “The one and only” He makes a curtsy and stands straight. The enchanted bracelet let him look different so as to not be recognized. The artifact was brought to the land a few years ago by a magical dealer, the man’s prices are very fair, Mikaele should come in a month or two with a new shipment of oddities for the scholars to study, regardless Elias uses it sparingly so. Mostly because as a magical object it has the drawback that if he wears it for too long the new look would be permanent.


  Of course that means for at least a full 24 hours and that wont happen so its fine.


  His blonde hair turned reddish like his mother and more curlier at the ends, his face also changed enough that no one would point at him and claim he was their monarch in disguise. 


  As for his outfit he donned a simple black shirt with rolled sleeves, a pair of dark gloves and likewise pants. Simple, no one would figure him out.


  Peter was currently looking at him with a mix of emotions that he could not begin to discern.


  “How…?” He shows him the bracelet, with a click he takes it off and his normal looks return. The man stares at him even harder and it leaves something pleasant in his gut at being so brazenly stared. Because Peter’s cheeks had a light dusting of pink and he had to turn around to cough a few times, before finally managing to say something.


  “That's um- thats an interesting trick…” He finishes sort of lamely and Elias rolls his eyes and pats his chest a few times. Peter eyes go directly to his hand and he grabs it suddenly, he sees him smirk and Elias has a feeling he is going to do something-


  Peter lfts it to his face and- 


  Kisses his gloved knuckles, making his brain blank out for a second, because the bastard chose the opportunity where he had something covering the skin to do it like the bastard he is. Peter gave him a look so intense that he was debating if he was about to punch him or slam his face against his to make it stop.


  With his face now feeling hot he lets out a laugh in nervousness.


  “Shall we your majesty?”


  Oh you piece of work-


  “Yes, just let me put this back on-” Once his face is hidden and safe, he punches Peter’s arm and walks faster in front of him. He feels his stare so he asks him if there is anything wrong to which the man splutters and he turns to see him look to the front with his face red.


  “Anything to say?”


  “Mno well it's weird seeing you like this, but no. Well actually- you staff seemed to think i wronged you” He walks slower and keeps up the pace with him.


  The walk to the town is not exactly long, but its some 15 minutes by foot so they have time to kill while they walk.


  “Why?”


  “I don't know!” He throws his hands up in exasperation “I was just walking around this morning and some of the maids kept giving me looks, then when I went to get breakfast one of the servants almost dropped the kettle on my lap! The man apologized, but asked if you were alright. Then one of the cooks came, one old lady and started to tell me what your favourite food was? I'm seriously contemplating staying at my ship if that keeps happening. Hell, even the gardener before you came told me your favourite flowers. What is wrong with your staff??”


  He tries to not grind his teeth, oh he is going to murder them, little nosy- or at the very least they are all going to be working overtime for sure.


  “I'm not sure, but I promise I will talk with them there is no need to move out to the beach yet and live like the hermit you always dreamed to be” He hears him mutter.


  “
  
    There will be time for that later anyways
  
  ” It strikes him as odd, but utterly he puts it away for later.


  “So anything you would like to see first or any stores you would like to visit?” He goes to change the conversations, not wanting to make the man ask more questions about his nosy staff. Gods above they should keep to themselves.


  Peter shrugs a little and he bumps at him giving him a look.


  “Unless of course you would want me to guide you all over, I was planning to buy some stuff around so if you intend to tag along…” He huffs at him and a slow smile appears.


  “You promised a tour not for me to come and carry your bags, if i had know i would have stayed with Princess, you royal pain” Scrunching up his nose he turns to look at the front with a pout.


  “I admit it, you found my secret plan to use you as my personal bag carrier, oh what a shame”


  “For shame Elias!” There is a beat of silence before he chuckles and Peter laughs a litle too, seemingly finding his own amusement at the whole ordeal.


  “But for real, you never asked for anything to be bought so i assume you want something, just not to ask for it” A sheepish look comes over him and he knows he got him.


  “So ? What is it?”


  “Nothing bad, just um.. some books, a few trinkets to put on the ship. Honestly I don't really want a lot of stuff in general. Never had a reason to..” That is sort of… sad actually, he keeps his face neutral and hums in acknowledgement.


  Honestly he needs to get him a hobby or something.


  “Weren't you rich? Did you not have your own stuff” Peter makes a complicated face.


  “Yes, but my… mother was more on the minimalist side, so i didn't have that much stuff lying around that wasn't involved with my job. Hence why i liked nautical stuff”


  Ok yes that is very depressing, no wonder the man stays on the beach and seems to be content with practically nothing.


  “Huh, my father didn't like it that i had so much interest in studying, wanted me to train to fight, it did not pan out for him, since i clearly won in the grand scheme of things, but sometimes he would made the maids take my books away” Oh he hated him for it, Elias remembers the man telling him that learning was admirable, but that he needed to also know to fight. He was far better suited for his daggers or if he was particularly angry, hitting someone in the head repeatedly with a blunt object.


  Not so weak now father dear huh?


  Still, Peter nods.


  “Yeah, things would sometimes disappear in my room too, so i never got really attached to most of my stuff” Good lord, he honestly feels sympathy for him. Elias is going to make him buy himself so many things.


  By then they reach the town and he gets distracted, grinning as he grabs Peter’s wirst in points to it. While hurrying him up.


  “Well, good thing we are adults, have money and there are no parents stopping us now to buy whatever we wish to”


  Peter blinks a few times and slowly his mouth goes up in a smile full of wonder that makes Elias feel a little weird, not bad, but in a nice sort of way that he wasn't expecting.


  Huh.


  “That sounds actually very nice to me, so where do you recommend we go?” Its his turn to smile. 


  “Sightseeing or shopping, pick first” They enter and he drops his wrist not wanting him to feel awkward.


  “Why not both?” Perfect.


  “Good, then Peter, welcome to the land of Opperior, enjoy your stay” From there they started to walk around the place, his companion seemed to realize all the people walking around and he looked slightly unnerved, but he rolled his eyes and nudged him.


  “Please, don't make them miserable now, lets have some fun first, maybe when we go if you really must” That jolts him out and he does realize that there was mist already forming on the floor nearby.


  “Still not used to so many people around”


  “Yes, yes my man of nature, still lets appreciate the place before it gets damp”


  So they go.


  Elias goes on a tour telling him about all the important historical places, that seems to bore the man, history is apparently a no go, giving him a look Peter just shrugs.


  “If i wanted to know im sure there are plenty of books in the library”


  So he shows him the most important buildings, however that again seems to not be entertaining enough, he wishes he could read him to know what he wants, but alas his magic makes it impossible.


  “Ugh, then what is it that you want to “see” then?” They are walking in a street with far less people than it should, the man gives him a look, but ultimately stumps him.


  “Well, what is the place in town that you like the best? Do you think is the best? Or the best view around! I'm not really picky in that regard” That makes him stop and look at him.


  “I already showed you-” Peter cuts him off with an empty smile.


  “No, you gave me the tourist view, I want to know what is the best place according to 
  
    you. 
  
  This is your kingdom right? You must have a place you like not because of its history or the architecture of it, just… just because you like it. Mine was the clearing in the forest near my house and a secret place on the beach. My nanny would take me there and we would just sit and watch the ocean and collect shiny rocks” His face becomes a little more warm at the end, albeit it's tinged with some form of melancholy.


  Elias doesn't-


  He never really thought about it, he used to come to town a lot when he was younger, his mother let him indulge, before he became king and had to stay in the castle more often than not.


  A place he liked-


  ….


  Peter doesn't seem annoyed by his silence or how long it's taking him to think, he seems almost supportive if he could put that word next to him.


  Well… there were a few places he liked a lot, it wouldn't be considered the most important place of Opperior to anyone but him. So he nods a little and starts walking again, the other man follows in quiet companionship. 


  In the end he takes him to the bookstore. Not the one in the main street , but the small quiet one that he spent most of his time in. Even as king he always made sure it didn't go bankrupt. 


  No one would bat an eye if he perhaps spent a little more on the place.


  There Peter actually goes around to look at the shelves and he does the same, the owner is the daughter of the woman who used to work there, she was a nice young lady who was rather happy with her life and had no major incidents of any kind.


  Sort of boring, but it was nice to know that they never struggled.


  Elias picks the trashy romance novels that he only ever bought here. His collection had to grow after all. Peter when he went to see what he was looking at seemed to be trying to figure out which adventure book he wanted.


  The fact that they had pirates on them was so predictable yet endearing, he couldn't help but to look elsewhere, less the man saw him grin like a fool.


  They stayed there for a while and eventually picked all their books, Peter ended up getting 5 while he got 7. He devoured those books like a starving man, even the more… raunchy ones.


  The girl doesn't bat an eye at his selection. Peter buys his own in the end, he asked and he told him he still had money after all. 


  “Must have really miscalculated how much i took” 


  “More problems for you?” He makes a sort of motion.


  “Not sure yet”

 

  Then he proceeds to drag him to all of his favourite places. The alchemist shop, where he buys a few ingredients and potions, Peter looks bewildered at most of the things there. His favourite clothing shop, albeit he only gets a vest, Peter manages to find a few shirts to his liking. He even drags him to get wool so he can knit, making him pick colors for the bloody scarf that he started to whine for.


  “Oh my god, are you a child? I'm doing it, shut up” The woman who worked there gave them an amused look.


  So he kept dragging him to more places that he enjoyed, some of them were stores, others merely he had fun while he was young and told Peter a few anecdotes, he chuckled and after a while told him small tidbits of things he found fun too back at home.


  They were…


  Sort of sad.


  Not all of them, his adoptive uncle seemed to like to get him into shenanigans, plus his nanny indulged him the most. He itched to ask why he sounded so fond, yet at the same time bitter afterwards. Still he did not want to ruin the mood, so he kept his mouth shut this instance, he was after all slowly getting Peter to talk about himself, so he better take it.


  Peter got stuck watching a pet shop for some reason. One moment he was right next to him, the next Elias turned and the man was gone, he looked around until he spotted him staring at a store window and he realized its a pet shop. More specifically he was looking at the cats playing around.


  “You like them?”


  “Mm? No-” He coughs “... yes, but mother and uncle are allergic” Elias likes the man, but he is not sure a cat is ideal. Still Peter eventually asks him where to now. He can tell he was still thinking about the cats, so he tells him they are going to his favourite tea house where he asked for the chocolate cake he loves.


  There was that new bakery that opened a few years ago, but Elias never really felt like going, rather content with his little shop full of old ladies who knew the best gossip around.


  “Really?”


  “If you can't believe-”


  “But spies?? You are pulling my leg, there is no way that sweet old lady over there was a spy, look at her!” Mariam really looked like a sweet old lady, but by god has she stopped so many coups in this kingdom over the years. She never recovered from when the prince got lost, blaming herself at not catching some nefarious plan for him.


  Still she is lovely to talk to, far better than Gertrude.


  “I'm just telling you the truth whether you believe it or not, its up to you. Anyways, what did you think of the place?” Petre takes a sip of his tea, gives it a look and adds more milk and sugar.


  A child honestly.


  “I like it! You really know the place, plus i could tell you liked those stores far more than all that small tour you pulled at first”


  He waves him away.


  “Oh hush, i lived here my entire life of course i would have some preferences” Peter shrugs.


  “To be honest i only ever went to the town during the night, so i never really entered any stores” His bewilderment must show. The man just shakes his head.


  “I liked to watch the people around, plus i was always being looked after during the day”


  “Huh” 


  Elias has one last place… its not really a store, but it does bring pleasant memories.


  “There is one more place we can go if you're not tired yet, before going back” Peter nods.


  “Sure! Lead away”

 

  Once they are done, Mariam threatens him to come more often.


  “Honestly you are cooped in there so much…”


  “Please, I have my duties-” She pinches his arm.


  “No excuses, now if i could get you to tell me about that young man over there….” He shakes his head.


  “Mariam, you are a wonderful woman, but honestly i would rather figure him out myself” She gives him a calculating look.


  “You must have it bad… still be careful dear” He flushes and tries to deny it.


  “He is a friend! He saved my life thats all, why is everyone acting so bloody stubborn about this” Patting his shoulder she sends him off.


  “Because you are a scheming workaholic and he is the first person i have seen you act so carefree, now off of my shop i got more clients”

 

  …


  Elias focuses on taking Peter to the final place, thay pass the bridges and the water below where the boats float  across the canals.


  They go deeper and deeper where there are less and less people, eventually they reach the forest that's connected to the one near the castle and he keeps going, Peter follows him while chatting up about nothing, so he ignores him. He seems to enjoy it for some odd reason, but whatever suits him.


  Eventually they reach a wall of plants that he looks at until he finds the right spot, lifting the vegetation a little shows an iron gate door. Peter looks far more interested now.


  He opens it and inside there is a clearing and in the middle an abandoned church.


  “What is this-”


  “The church was abandoned years and years ago. Even before the previous king and queen. I found it by accident while exploring with Barnabas. After I took the throne I looked into it. Apparently there was a curse or something of the like with a couple, the woman was supposed to die so the man took her here to marry before she passed away, however…”


  Peter seems to be listening enraptured and Elias smiles to himself.


  “She didn't die! She was cursed to die before the clock on the city struck twelve, but she survived!” Peter turns to stare up to the tower with a far away look.


  “How?”


  “True love kiss apparently, still, the church was abandoned not long afterwards, people thought the fairy that cast it was living nearby and got scared so they left it here in disrepair. Now c'mon, i want to show you something” He nods and there is some sort of melancholic feeling now that he cant understand so he urges him along, the fog covers the ground while they walk and he gives it a look as if to dare it to ruin this.


  Once inside he makes Peter go up the stone staircase until they reach the top.


  From there they could see the kingdom while the sun started to go down, the orange, red hues made the view even more beautiful. Elias usually watches from the highest tower down into the land, but there is something quite charming about looking up as well from this spot.


  Peter stares and goes closer to the open space to watch better, he follows him and stands next to him.


  “I had fun” He nods, Elias had a lot of fun today too.


  “Yeah… me too. It  has been a while after all…” He gives him a side look and raises an eyebrow.


  “Too busy with being high on power?” He hits his arm lightly.


  “Maybe, maybe it was also not as fun coming all the way here on my own”


  “...oh” He closes his eyes and feels the warm rays of sun, like he did many, many years ago. Its sort of bittersweet, he had honestly put the place behind, but he enjoyed bringing Peter along.


  Truly the only person he can imagine bringing here at this point. Sure he won't tell him his deepest secrets, he is not an idiot, but he doesn't want him for that, it's just nice to simply… be.


  Even if its for a day.


  Eventually he opens his eyes again and realizes that Peter had been looking at him, unconsciously he tilts his head to the side in questions and he turns to the front, his hands were gripping the stone of the window and his face looked red due to the light, he could see the freckles in his cheeks and the sun illuminate his pale frame, making him sort of look like he had a halo of light.


  He turns to the front too, feeling strangely warm and pleased.


  In the end they stay there until the sun starts to disappear a little too much. Needing to go before they can't see the way back.

 

  By the time they reached the castle back, Elias was beat, he wanted to eat, take a bath and sleep. With a yawn he takes off the bracelet the closer they get to the castle and keeps talking with Peter from time to time.


  They go into small silences, but they dont feel weird at all, mostly… nice.


  Dropping their stuff first they go to eat, albeit he puts on something more of his regular style, no need to make the staff gossip even more. 


  Dinner is a fun and calm affair, he can see the people serving them look far more relaxed at seeing him.


  Childrens, all of them.


  They say goodbye at their doors and Elias takes his bath before falling into bed, he was absolutely spent. He thinks about Peter in the old church bell tower with the light, the way they just had fun during the whole day.


  Elias falls asleep with a smile on his face.

  
    Chapter Text
    Weeks pass after the little adventure in town and things are quite normal.Elias is content with the new arrangement of his life including Peter. The man during these months had perhaps been one of the highlights of his days. Oh they bantered and sometimes fought, because they have opposite personalities, but ultimately they ended up making up and just spending time with each other on the beach, Peter’s ship from time to time or the castle. They even went to town a few more times.He is seriously considering getting the man a bloody cat, he looks so miserable every time they pass next to the store and not pick one up. Mm, perhaps he could inquire as to when is his birthday and get him one, yes that sounds like a plan. That way he wont be suspicious and he would have an excuse to give him a present like that without any questioning on his part.…. He is just very fond of him that's all, he doesnt get that many.. friends as it is, not in this line of work where everything is likely to change if he does his work poorly. Albeit he has the benefit of having blackmail on everyone from the court and the higher society.So that should not be a problem for him.The issue with the crops seemed to be fine, or at least it hast touched the regular ones. So it was the zone on itself. He knows some of the farmers had been leaving offerings to appease the creature and it seemed to be working so far. So things aren't so bad.Things are great, that is, until the four month mark of Peter living in the castle, then things start to be weird. Objects disappear out of nowhere, and that includes some of his staff.They come back albeit they look dazed, he suspects the ma involvement in some way, but he told him that some of his stuff had gone missing too and he has no idea what where it went. Plus some of the disappearances occurred while they two of them were together so the times don't work.“Some of my clothes and stuff I took from home are just gone! I looked everywhere but they are nowhere to be found” He sulks while laying on the couch of his “office” on the highest tower. Elias was mixing some things to create a few potions while his tracking gem was laying on the desk.It worked it seemed, the missing prince was far away since the blinking was very sparse so that is a relief at the very least. It buys him more time to find him. Half listening he asks him.“What did you lose?” He sees him cover his face with his arm and sigh.“...Don't laugh. A few shiny rocks and shells i had been collecting since i was a kid, a book and a necklace”The rocks and shells are something of a funny, yet still mildly sad thing, if the man’s recollection of being happy by just walking on the beach and picking them up as some of his happier memories were to be trusted. Still that must be upsetting if they are one of the very few things he actually took from his home and now its gone.Elias lost a few things too, albeit none of them were of real importance to him.“Mm, people have gone missing too, but they seem to turn up alright. Maybe it will appear back? Then again this shouldn't even be happening in the first place…. Perhaps i should sent Gertrude to investigate, should make her to do something anyways”Peter grumbles and Elias goes and pats his head condescendingly.“There, there, we will find your stuff, I promise” He uncovers his face and pouts before poking him in his middle, making him step back.“Peter don't!” Looking at him in confusion he gets up slightly and attempts to do it again.Oh no-“No, stop that, i will not help you find your stuff if you keep that up-”“Why does it bother you anyways?” He doesn't know, shit.“Its- its not proper” He will not admit that he is ticklish, he has an image to maintain.Peter pulls on a face, but relents. Elias gives him an annoyed look, but goes back to finish the potion. Mm, perhaps he should inquire about his birthday now that he has a chance.“Say, Peter? i'm just curious, but when it's your birthday?” He hears nothing and after a while he lifts his head to see what the problem is. The man looked perplexed.“My- ummm” Ok no, there is no way that he doesn't know his own birthday, no chance. Who doesn't know?!“Peter…” He stops and looks at him carefully “You do know what a birthday is right?” The man nods after a while.“Yes, I do know I just- I just never celebrated it, I guess, well… “ Peter hesitates and his tone sounds unsure “Missy did give me a cake with no explanation once a year so I reckon that must have been my birthday cake?” Elias inhales counts to ten and then lets it out.“Do you know what date is it?”“.... Around July?” Good lord, through clenched teeth he tries for his sweetest tone.“Any idea about the day in specific?” He sees him sit instead of lying down and think, for now he will let him be at it. Still while working on the cauldron he is constantly attacked by the many questions of how and why.What kind of parent does not celebrate their child’s birthday to the point he doesn't even know when the hell is it??? The woman Missy? She is the nanny that Peter speaks about more often albeit with mixed feelings. She clearly knew when it was, but never actually told Peter that’s what she was celebrating? What the everloving hell.With those racing thoughts eventually Peter makes a noise and he snaps his attention back at him.“You are splashing yourself” Looking down he sees he is right, he had been stirring so fast it actually missed its mark and got to his clothes. Ugh.“I noticed” He grabs some rags to clean it up and Peter sighs but gets up and helps clean it up. They end up accidentally brushing their fingers together and he twitches a little, but very carefully as to play it off touches his hand lightly. He doesnt pull away, but does let out a breath and looks at him. Elias looks up slightly.“So?”“... The 23 or 24 its between those two days” “Huh” What a coincidence.“What?”“The festival for the lost prince is the 23, so either you were born the same day or the next one” Peter rolls his eyes.“Yeah, the world is a small funny place. Good news are i'm not the prince, mostly because i'm way older and don't look anything like him according to those paintings, so stop looking so off put” He blinks and tries to put his face back in place.“Sorry, just a reflex, i don't really like-”“To talk about the kid, but really, you have been in charge this whole time, even if he did came back, and its been years he is most likely dead. You have the people vouching for you I assume, why would they want a little nobody” Peter puts his hand away from his and lifts it and shakes it in an unimpressed show.Letting out a snort he shakes his head.“It doesn't matter if i did right, by birth its his crown, plus im sure half of the rich people would want me gone, i know way too much about them”“Plus Gertrude!” He groans and points at him with the wooden spoon.“Oh don't be so happy, yes and Gertrude”“I'm not, i'm not, but it won't happen, it's been years now-!” Turning around he walks across the room just tinkering around.“He is probably dead somewhere, just relax” Oh if only he knew, the prophecy is breathing down his neck and Elias has a time limit waiting to explode on his face.“Yeah... “ He doesnt sound convinced and Peter makes a face.“If you keep that up mister Bouchard, i will be forced to “kidnap” you for a day to make you relax!” Putting the finishing touches he laughs quietly.“I will take your word for it”“Oh we shall see. Well, if you excuse me your highness I will go and try to see if my things are back, enjoy your potion making!” He will punch him, he swears. Still he can't help but smile fondly at him, before going back to work.Peter is the weirdest person he has ever met and my god its a full time job to try and figure out what the hell is wrong with him. Still… he has a date of sorts and it's quite the interesting thing. He speaks with Gertrude who already says she was looking into it, she ponders about Peter, but he says he had been annoyingly looking for his own stuff, so he sort of rules him out.“Maybe he lied?” Pursuing his lips, he would like to say that he doesn't think so, but he has no basis beyond the few times he had been with him, yet he knows it won't convince her and she already thinks he is mildly compromised.“Perhaps, but i can't confirm it” By dinner he is tired and he waits for Peter to appear.….He doesn't show up, he asks the staff, but only one guard said that he saw him during the afternoon walking around the castle and that's it.With mild worry, he eats and goes to his room, albeit he knocks on Peter’s to check if he is there.There is no answer.Falling asleep is a little bit harder, but he manages, albeit he has some unnerving dreams. By morning he hopes the man is back, yet again he is nowhere to be found. Elias works and later goes to the beach to check on the ship to try and see if he is there perhaps, but to no avail. Opal pokes her head out of the water and after hesitating a little he pats her head. She blinks at him and makes a sad little noise.“He hasn't come to see you today has he?” She bumps her muzzle against his chest and goes back into the water.That's a no then.A week and a half goes by and by then Elias was literally climbing through the walls in frustration, even Gertrude admits that whatever had been taking the staff might have taken Peter too, since a few more maids and cooking staff went missing and had not appeared back yet.The people who remained were worried and he couldn't blame them.He had used magic to track him down, to give an answer as to where he was, but nothing. There was no answer.Peter had disappeared out of thin air under his nose. He remembers thinking that he had not lost anything he cared about in particular and thinks he is an idiot while sitting alone during dinner and spending his days worried.Elias was feeding Opal, since without Peter there he didn't particularly wish for her to start hunting something else and get hurt, or well he means someone else gets hurt. So he asked for fish to be delivered to the beach, they didn't ask questions and did as he asked at the very least.The sea creature was also seemingly missing her companion, but was cheered up by him visiting her at the very least. He was also glad for the animal too, which was so weird and he will deny it if anyone asked.In the end Elias decides to go into the other man’s room to see if there were any clues between his stuff. He had gone in previously, but out of respect he did not check his things. Now? Now he was getting mildly desperate.There wasn't anything that could help, that's the first thing he thought, Peter, true to his word, did not have many things, most of them he surmises are on the ship, and he knows he never made it there for the time frame that he was last seen.Oddly enough he does not find any money, either Peter put it on the ship for safekeeping or whatever took his stuff took it too. Regardless, that is one weird point.The only two things that call his attention are the pressed flowers he found on a book. One is the forget me not that he gave him and the other two are a peony and an Anemone flower. Those two looked older. He knows the meaning of the flowers which is why it puzzles him the combination. Albeit perhaps Peter merely picked them because he liked them.Shaking his head and feeling touched that he actually kept the flower he gave him, he puts everything back in place. But when he tries to a piece of paper falls from the book and he picks it up. It looked like a list. Some of the things were scribbled over as if the man got frustrated.The actual content was quite unusual, but not really suspicious, it was more like a list of things that Peter wanted to do. Considering how his childhood was, it makes sense that half of the things there were so simple. Albeit the one about stargazing for real sort of stumped him. How could he not stargaze before??The list was actually short, even mentioned that he needed to add more stuff. So it went as follows.THINGS TO DO
Sailing (SCRATCHED ALL OVER) on my own

Visiting Aaella!
Get a pet
See the sunset while on the ocean
Get drunk!!!
Stargaze for real!!!
Do something for just the fun of it

Prank someone.
Make a f- (SCRABBLED ALL OVER)
See snow?
See a mermaid for real (don't get killed!)
Add more things.
If he came back he could certainly help with it, since none of it was actually hard to achieve. Of  course that was only possible  if , he came back.Elias takes deep breaths. He puts everything back in place and sits on the man’s bed.Think, he closes his eyes and tries to  see .The castle he can mostly observe in its entirety, except for a few blind spots that he can perceive on his periphery, for the holes in his awareness that they are.People disappear, but no one knows how.So it stands to reason there has to be something taking them.He tries not to think about the missing prince, about Annabelle’s patron potentially taking him and now this. Peter helped to take her down, maybe it was revenge?No, no it's not like that, why return others along with their stuff before?Breath, think and see.Its a long while, before he gets mildly frustrated, but then-There.Elias knows all the blind spots, yet he never felt this one before.He opens his eyes feeling slightly nauseous and goes.It takes him 10 minutes to reach it, but here it was.The door that wasn't there before.The purple and yellow polka dotted door was staring right at him and he scowled. Elias had an idea now of what the problem was. So he knocks 3 times and waits with his arms crossed.It doesn't take long for the door to open slowly and reveal a woman, a very, very tall woman, holy-Peter was tall but the woman was half a head taller than him.Her hair was multicolored and fluffy, she looked down at him with a raised eyebrow.“How interesting, you are the second person to knock on my door instead of rushing in- Hello little one, may i have-”“Hello, i do believe that would be a rather bad idea, so i came to ask if you are the one taking  my subjects.” She tilts her head and Elias suddenly has a sense of dejavu so strong it almost makes him step back. He can't pinpoint why, but its on the tip of his tongue.“I believe so yes, why ? Do you want them back? I suppose a deal would be appropriate, if you step inside…” She offers the door and he stays firmly in place smiling serenely despite wanting to snarl at her to not touch what is his.“I believe my fair lady that it would be better if we spoke here. What could I possibly offer in exchange? Also how may i call you if i was able to know” Her smile turns a little more vicious, but she nods.“What are my manners! You may call me Helen little king. Now as for want there is nothing you could offer me i believe, so i'm afraid there is nothing you could do” “I'm sure there is something you must want, perhaps I can offer a better hunting ground? In exchange for my people of course” Her dress looked very fancy, albeit if you stared too hard into it he could tell there was something mildly off with it, as if it was superimposing with another image, it gave him a headache.Helen put a finger to her chin as if in thought.“I'm not sure…” Something else, think, think-“Helen? Who are you talking with-” Elias eyes snap forward and he sees the man he had been looking for standing at the end of the dizzying hallway looking at him in surprise.“Pe-”“Oh darling! I'm sorry, I had a visitor and I needed to check the door, go back, there is nothing to worry about!” Peter instead gives her a tired look.“Helen….” Her smile slips slightly and she looks mildly guilty.“Well you see-”“Peter what the hell???” He is very done with this whole charade. By now he was closer to the door and Helen was pouting.“Oh finally, Elias how are you? Sorry for the delay, i was trying to find my stuff and i met Helen and we ended up talking so one thing led to another and-” His incomprehensive stare stopped him on his tracks.“Um Elias..?”“Peter its been a week and a half, it took you this long to sort things out?!” He was now very, very mad from worrying for this asshole-“A week and a- “ His eyes widen and he groans “I forgot this sort of places time works differently didn't i? Its been a day since i last saw you Elias”“A day??” “Helen!” Peter pinches the bridge of his nose.“What? You never asked, plus we were having fun” She waggled her eyebrows and Elias had the sudden urge to set Getrude off on her. Peter makes a dsigusted face and sighs.“Please don't be crass, also i think playing chess and drinking tea is not exactly very wild” She raises her arms and stretches in a way that he is sure no human could possibly do. She turns to him and stares him up and down.“My apologies then, i was… confused and thought i found someone i had been looking for here, however i was mistaken. As for your staff… well! I was busy with Peter and did not realize how many people walked in so I forgot to let them out so…. my bad?” Said man just shakes his head.“Just let them out…”“Yes, yes, they weren't really that fun to have here anyways” She snaps her fingers and nods.“There deary!” Elias does a quick check up and true to her word the missing people were all appearing around looking confused and dazed.“Thank you, now if perhaps Peter could-”“Oh no, he is interesting. He might not be who i was looking for, but it would do good to keep him, he was just so close to-”“I don't want to stay Helen” Her head turns like an owl's back to him and Elias realizes her hands are sharp.“Now, now, don't say that, we were having fun!! I hadn't had so much fun in a while, why not stay? I mean, here your problems won't be… such a difficulty i believe” Elias doesnt know what she is talking about, but he does notice Peter’s eye flicker towards him and then look down to his arms making him wince.“Regardless… its a very kind offer but im  afraid i would have to decline-” Her body twists and Elias is trying to focus on her mind, but its all so jumbled its hard to concentrate to distract her.“Oh dear that's no good i-” Diplomacy then.“You can't keep him, he- he is staying under my protection, therefore he belongs to me first” Helen turns at him with a critical eye and Peter gives him a look and shakes his head.“Mm” She steps out and starts to circle around him. She lifts his chin and makes him look at her. “Is that… true?” Peter hesitates but nods. Even if she is not looking at him directly she sighs.“Shame… i was having fun, i haven't met someone like…” She cuts herself off and drops his face, looking  sort of disappointed. “Well, if that's it then step out, no point to keep you there if you already have your own”Peter does step out and Helen goes to her door.“Well i suppose this is goodbye then, it was fun talking with you, but i must go then” Elias was feeling very glad that this was almost over, however Peter looked sort of like he was debating something and oh he knew where this was going and he did not like it one bit.“Peter…”“You could perhaps visit..? I enjoyed the talk, albeit you would have to step out, don't want to lose more time” He gives him a sheepish look and Elias wants to punch this idiot of a man, but also grab him and don't let him slip through his fingers again.Helen immediately cheers up and her hair that had turned slightly dull, exploded in color.“Oh yes! I would love to, it's been so long since I walked among humans... ““You do realize that this is my castle and I don't want someone to keep stealing my people-” Or his friend. She waves her hand away.“No need to worry, i promise to not take anyone from here unless they want me too, and i can't break my word” That sentence still leaves a lot of loopholes and he can see this going bad.“I would take responsibility, I promise. Like with Opal… Shit is she ok?” Now he panics and its because of the sea serpent, he wants to throttle him.“She is fine- “ He speaks through clenched teeth “I had been feeding her and keeping her company in your place” The man blinks and his face goes a little pink and it turns to look at him somewhat more softly, Elias' chest feels warm for some god forsaken reason.“Oh thank you” “Awww” Right Helen, Peter looks to the roof and mouths a sorry to him.“So is that ok?” It's not by a long shot, but getting the fairy out would be too complicated and Gertrude would try to burn her down, which if she is in the castle would probably be bad.“No, but I don't think I have another choice do i?” Peter stands next to him and bumps his shoulder.“Not really” Helen raises her fist in victory and steps inside her door.“Perfect, now you know where to find me, and if i'm not here, draw a door with chalk and knock three times, that ought to do the trick. See you lovelies!”And then she is gone, the door actually folds itself and disappears from its place.Elias turns to Peter who is looking at it with a pensive look and he wants to scream at him, for being an idiot.So instead he walks away in fury. Everyone is back so he should be happy, instead he is mad.He requests for his dinner to be delivered to his room and he refuses to see Peter for the next few days. Elias is still furious for the man just seemingly not caring one bit about disappearing and even inviting Helen back.The staff notices his more sour attitude, but he doesn't care, he tries to remain calm when its time to meet up with the people of the town to hear requests, its all the same very boring stuff. Albeit he does hear that some of the older farmers had gotten ill, plus there were some new type of worms that kept eating the crops closer to the forest during the night, they don't seem to think its too bad so he nods and keeps listening to others' complaints.This new normal  lasts for several days until he finally gets cornered by the man, apparently he used his fog to make sure he didn't see him beforehand.“Elias if we could just-” Walking faster he keeps going.“I'm busy Peter i have things to do, so just go and i don't know, feed Opal or whatever” They are on a hallway alone, obviously, curse his stupid magic, he would love to have a guard around now.As it stands the man just grabs his wrist and pulls at him.“Can you stop for five minutes?! You are not busy, why are you avoiding me now!” He looks angry and Elias feels every sour moment of worry that was for nothing hit him. With his jaw set he tells him to not touch him, that makes him look slightly confused, but he drops his arm.“Oh i don't know? Maybe because you disappeared making me wo-“ He cuts himself off.“You disappeared, but were completely fine, not only that no,  you managed to befriend the creature that had been kidnapping people for fun, yourself included” He pokes his chest in indignation “And instead of letting it go! You tell it to stay?? So yeah i don't know why could i possibly be mad at you. Now leave me alone would you”He turns around and goes.Peter doesn't follow. So more time passes and despite knowing the man is around he ignores him and goes back to how he usually acted before he got here.Maybe he decides to go and sail away. It does bother him a lot, but at this rate he does think him capable of that. Maybe its for the best.Everyone seems to walk on eggshells around him, except for Gertrude who is as blunt as always and simply tells him to stop sulking.“I'm not sulking-”“You are, which is unbecoming of you, either tell him to leave the castle and end this awkward affair or solve things out. Even the staff doesn't know what to do so they are ignoring him following you lead” “They aren't-” She stares him down.“....” Elias checks.Oh, they are ignoring him, usually it would make Peter happy, but from the memories he saw, he looked more unnerved and anxious than anything. He also looked a little sick, which made him worry slightly.“Fix it or tell him to go Elias, just stop this whole weird mood going around” He can't, he should, but in the end he doesn't want to. Too stubborn to go and talk with him, and he knows that Peter is so weird he won't go to him either. ….Elias eats his food on the tower watching the town below.He is bored. A knock interrupts his dinner.He looks up and has an inkling, but remains quiet.“... Elias? Can i come in…?”He stays quiet and after a while he says yes. Peter opens the door carefully and looks at him. Elias realizes that he still looked ill and he wanted to ask, but the man steps inside and he realizes he was carrying something behind his back.They stare at each other.“....I got you something…?” Remaining quiet the man shuffles a little in place and shows him what he had. A bottle of wine and a bouquet of flowers. More specifically if the sudden burst of information was not lying purple hyacinths.Which meant regret and that the person is sorry.He thinks it a little and sighs, he points to the couch, Peter sort of hesitates but goes. Elias gets up and asks for the flowers. These did not grow on the kingdom at all, but they smelled really nice. Elias touches them lightly and Peter stares at him. He moves and puts them in a vase. Then he goes to sit next to the man..“... I apologize for… worrying you..?” Elias closes his eyes. “... i don't know what else to say. As for Helen…she would have come back on her own and felt slighted at being kicked out. I did enjoy talking with her, that's true, I think besides you and Opal who doesn't count since she doesn't speak, she is the only person- well creature i liked to spend time with? If it makes sense” Elias turns his head to look at him and Peter looks back.“Even if it was true, you figured where she was and knocked didn't you? Why not tell me first!” He scowls at him.“I'm an adult Elias and regardless of how kind you are by letting me stay, its my life and i get to decide what to do with it. I'm not… used to have people around to tell them what i'm doing, i just go and do it anyway. This is just… odd” By the end he runs out of anger and seems to deflate merely pulling his hair back in exasperation.“Well i'm not used to not know or being in control of a situation, i can't read you like my subjects and you just disappeared without any chance for me to find you. I like being able to tell what everyone is doing, i usually don't mind not knowing what you do, but this time it was terrible”“So we both have issues?” He lets out a laugh.“I would be surprised if we didn't, but what else is new?” They stay quiet and eventually to alleviate the mood he ends up asking about the bottle.“.... Where did you get the wine?” Peter takes a deep breath and smiles a little more honestly. Pushing him for more would make things worse and Elias is tired of being like this.“Bought it in town. Recalled what the cook said about your favourite that one time. Erm before she decided to run me off” He ended up with a more matter of fact tone.“Im sorry, they worry and sort of do what i do”“I couldn't tell..” His tone is half joking. Elias extends his arm and Peter gives him the bottle. Rummaging through the drawer next to where they were, he finds a bottle opener and takes a swig of the wine once he gets rid of the cork.Its perfect.He offers it to Peter who looks startled at him.“Just drink, unless you poisoned it?” He snorts.“Hardly” He takes it and hesitantly drinks too.Elias recalls the list and the getting drunk on it. He grins.….They finish the bottle and drink another one he had hidden away, eventually their talk becomes less stilted and soon they are both tipsy and laughing, practically laying on top of each other.“So- so i saw them slip and fall though the stairs and-” “Oh my god, were they ook?” Peter puts his face against his head and he feels his face burn both from the alcohol and something else.“Ye- yeah, Missy said that they only got scrapes” Peter sort of nuzzles him and who would have thought he was cuddly as a drunk? They stay quiet for a while just the two of them close together, albeit eventually Elias breaks it.“We should- should go to sleep?”“Mm, don't want to move….” He doesn't either honestly, also, they need to get down the staircase and they aren't in any condition to do so.“Yeah… me neither” Peter sort of jolts a little and lays down on the couch pulling him with him, making him let out a startled sound.“Lets- let's sleep here” Elias is lying on top of him and he feels warm and happy, huh. He has been miserable this past two weeks and a half with the man gone and then him being mad that this is a stark difference.“Pter?”“Mm-?” He puts his face on the crook of his neck and the man sighs and shivers. Delightful he thinks.“... I'm sorry too” He feels a tentative arm around his waist. “... its ok if you want to talk with Helen” Oh he hates it, but as long as he doesn't disappear…“Kay, you can… you can tag along too, she is funny. Plus- plus she gave me an idea of what is wrong in the- the woods! So we can go” He yawns “And check it out later…” He was still-“Peter, there hadnt been any more issues there is no need” He pinches him.“Still, we should check if its what i think..." He starts to yawn cutting himself off.“....Fine, but only, if something- something happens, im sure it will be fine” Peter makes an agreeing sound and hugs him closer, Elias is tired and drunk so he only makes a delighted sound and brushes his lips accidentally against his neck. Peter lets out a sigh and shivers.“Night Elias”“Night-” He falls asleep quickly, at least he has the potions against hangovers at hand for the morning. Peter stared at Elias a little before lifting an arm and checking it,  the mist tattoo had grown more and now reached over his elbow. He sighs, at least there was no more coughing, that's the last thing he thinks before falling asleep.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Morning sucked he had a killer headache, but he was lying on something really comfy at the very least. Of course that's when his bed chose to move and startle him. 


  When he hears it groan too, he remembers the previous night, he lifts his head slightly and sees Peter making a pained face, Elias decides its time to get that potion for his head and realizes that the taller man was holding him against him, which caused his cheeks to heat up. With a reluctance that felt suspicious to him, he disentagles himself, causing Peter  to actually try and grab him again once he is up.


  “Whu-”


  “Sstay there” Stumbling around was not ideal, but after struggling to recall where it was and having his patron lightly tease him with the location, he felt something close to amusement somewhere in the back of his mind which was weird. Elias finds the vial and drinks chugs half of it.


  It took a few minutes, but soon his head did not feel like it was detonating. He offers it to Peter who looked much worse for wear.


  He honestly finds it funny how he did not even question him and just drank the entire thing without asking anything first and proceeds to make disgusted noises.


  “wHat is THat-?”


  “Hangover potion, delicious huh?” Peter actually moves too much and rolls falling to the ground with a thud.


  He laughs at him.


  “It tastes awful, what the fuck-?!” It doesn't, or well he got used to it perhaps. Its just rather bitter with a hint of coffee to make it more passable, if he had to drink it might as well add on one of the flavors he likes.


  “You are just boring, but it works doesn't it?” He stays on the floor squinting at him until he eventually lets out a breath.


  “I don't feel like death as much so that's something i guess” Nodding, he starts to try and make himself look more presentable in front of the mirror. Go to his room, take a quick bath and change into something clean, there is a plan.


  “Elias?”


  “Mm yes?” Peter stays quiet and he turns slightly to look at him. Still starfished on the floor he gives him a calculating look.


  “Are you still going to ignore me, or we can just keep going as usual?” He blinks and gives him a bewildered look.


  “We drank and pretty much slept on top of each other Peter, yes we are fine. Just don't do something like that again, or at the very least consult me first if you intend to just disappear so i don't get…” The man offers a very cheeky smile.


  “Worried?” He scowls, but nods.


  “Yes, that. Now get up, you look like a fool”


  “Maybe i am! Maybe I'm your new court fool huh? Did you think about it?” Snorting he kicks him lightly the man catches his foot and pushes it back. Bastard.


  “You would need to be funny to be the court jester, also I don't think it fits. Mmm, what could you be…?” He puts his hand on his chin and thinks in mockery, oh he has a hilarious idea “A runaway prince perhaps? Yeah sure and I'm the lost prince step brother. Stop being one with the carpet and go to change, we are having breakfast together, to at least avoid the staff running you off” Peter heard him, but choked half way through Elias' sentence, making him give him an unimpressed stare.


  “Do you need a healer or something?”


  “Nno!” His face was very red and he had to shake his head in bewilderment.


  “C'mon we don't have all day”


  The two of them go to their respective rooms and once they are both clean and presentable they go to get something to eat. The face of the people serving them food was priceless once they saw the two of them enter talking rather animatedly. But he could gleam a form of relief from them. Hopefully this will make sure they don't keep driving the man off.


  It would be a shame now that they sort of patched things up.

 

  Peter drags him during the afternoon to spend time with Opal, just the three of them, she seems to cheer up once he comes into view and Peter splutters when the creature goes to bump her scaly head against him.


  “Hey Princess” Her teeth still worried him greatly, but as the man said she was more playful than malicious. Truly a child.


  “I see you got along while i was out” He was pouting and he can’t help but to feel a slight vengeful glee.


  “Well we did spend time together and i fed her fairly well, got you the best fish i could get didnt i? Yes i did” The animal lets a bunch of low growls, they weren't threatening but rather happy. Thinking about it for a second he whispers something to the creature, who goes down into the water and once it raises her neck up spits water to Peter’s face.


  Elias laughs.


  “That-hahaha… that would teach you to not- not get kidnapped” He gives him an outraged look. 


  His hair was dripping and his shirt was getting wet as well, the white garment started to cling to his chest and become a little more see through. Peter pushes his hair back and Elias gets a perfect view of his chest and arms.


  His face aches and his cheeks burn, he laughs and has to look elsewhere less he says something stupid. But the image is sort of burned in his head now.


  Oh my.


  “That was so unfair Elias-”


  “Well- ahem, take it as a little revenge between friends” Peter seems to mull it over, he was stepping back to the beach when the man answered back.


  “That seems fitting, however… you also slighted me didn't  you? Your little temper tantrum got me chased off by your staff….” He turns to look at him focusing first on his chest and then seeing unfortunately his smirk, which boded very bad for him.


  “Peter….don't-” The man steps forward and grabs him by the waist while he tries to avoid him, Elias puts his arms in front to try and stop him, but Peter manages to press him against his wet clothes and tells Opal to get them to give them a shower.


  “NO, PETER I JUST CHANGED DON'T-  OPAL BAD GIRL DON'T YOU DARE-!” She spits water to the two of them and he yells, while the man cackles.


  MOTHERFUCKER


  “YOU FUC-” Peter laughs and looks down at him, while Elias is still clutching his shirt in indignation. The taller man lifts his hand from his waist and puts it on his cheek swiping water from it.


  “Whops!” He narrows his eyes and actually pushes the man back startling him, however he was still holding him very adamantly and they both fall into the cold water. He panics, Opal is friendly with them, but they never were in the water with her and Elias accidentally ends up opening his mouth swallowing water and kicking in desperation. He feels Peter tug him up and once his head is out of the water he starts to cough violently.


  “Lias-”


  “Elias!” He is still grabbing Peter who seems to be keeping them floating and when he looks at him with his blurry eyesight he can see he looks concerned.


  “Im sorry, i thought you knew how to swim-”


  “I- i do- but, Op- Opal!” And the creature is right in front of his face staring at him, he freezes. His companion slowly turns around to be the one facing her.


  “Hey Princess, could you help us please?” What does he think he is doing-


  He feels something touch him under the water and he lets out a yell and kicks.


  “Elias! Calm down, you are freaking her out-” He sees her moving and hesitating between approaching them or snarling.


  “Look, its fine, just breathe, I'm not letting go ok?” He nods and he should not feel so honestly glad for the man promising that. Opal starts to calm down slowly, eventually she goes under the water and he tenses.


  “Just trust me….” He closes his eyes and remains in place when something-


  Moves under him and he barely manages to not let out a frankly embarrassing scream once the creature seems to push them. Quickly they can touch sand and he practically drags himself to the beach and flops on the sand. At this point he needs another bath to get rid of everything.


  Peter follows and sits next to him. 


  “Sorry” He sounds genuine so Elias will take it.


  “.... i pushed you” 


  “Yeah, but i made her splash you and grabbed you so my bad” God this day never ends does it?


  “Lets just.- lets just say we are even”


  “....That sounds fair enough” They just stay there, Elias has pretty much done everything for the day, except check on the tracking rock, so he is going to stay here and just relax, or well he is going to wait until he feels his legs again to get up and sneak into the castle.


  Peter eventually just lays down too and they sort of stay there in quiet companionship.

 

  He offers to let him dry himself better on his ship before going back to the castle and he nods.


  “Just give me some time” Peter hums in affirmative.

 

  Elias does feel good enough to do so and as payback steals Peter’s jacket to go back. Was it big for him? Yes, was it warm and smelled oddly enough like flowers and the man? Oh yes. So without much care at this rate they go back like that. If anyone saw him it would be a total mess so he makes sure to walk where no one is going and to get Peter to dumb down anyone close by.


  They were almost there when they practically knocked into Gertrdue who looked at the two of them still damp and letting some water fall to the ground like misbehaving childrens and just turns around and goes shaking her head.


  “... Let's just move on” The woman won't snitch, or at least? No one would ever believe her.


  Finally he arrives and goes to his room, while Peter likewise goes to his.

 

  ….


  Once he is clean.


  
    Again.
  


  Peter invites him to drink some coffee at the garden, which is far better in his opinion.


  He also did not return the coat, considering it was still very wet, so he left it hanging on a chair to dry.


  The rest of the day goes by more calmly at least.

 

  Helen must have kept her promise because no one else had gone missing in the next two weeks, in fact he asked Peter about his stuff and he said that its all back in place apparently.


  “Still i think i will put it on the ship just for safekeeping”


  “Sensible” Elias was checking some letters in his office, the one with the official seal called his attention and he was already getting a headache just by pictureing what it could say.


  “God dammit” Peter had gotten a model for a ship in a boat and was assembling it on an empty table by the side.


  “What is it? Did you get a threatening letter?”


  “Oh if only, Jude and Manuela hadn't sent one in a while. No, worse actually, I got a letter from King Simon, ugh if this is about one of his pet monsters escaping and wrecking havoc again nearby i'm going to be so pissed off” Peter who was leaning back with his chair almost falls back startled.


  “King Simon-”


  “Are you ok-”


  They stare at each other.


  Elias starts to open the letter and Peter looks with a smile in place while looking very nervous.


  He looks at the contents of it.


  
    Dear Elias, first of all hello! 
  


  
    I know you are busy, what with the celebration of the festival and planning the ball for december, i already can see you fretting non stop, but i wanted to give you a head start and inform you that i'm going to visit you soon! Its nothing serious, just wanted to catch up, before you start with all the preparations. 
  


  
    Plus and don't tell her i told you, Titania has been in a rather awful mood and ever since she had been staying with a friend of hers i have been rather looking for someone to bother. 
  


  
    Also, before you jump into conclusions, no, we have not broken up. Rather one of her friends had recently lost her son and she is trying to help her feel better. I find myself rather upset as well since he was my favourite nephew.
  


  
    Anyways, Mikaele is busy doing business so not much of a chance to speak with him and Maxy is… well himself. The rest of my other options are all unavailable. So! I will be dropping off at any moment, i warned you first so you cant be mad my friend.
  


  Love Simon


  Drop off any day, that old fairyfucke-


  He takes a deep breath.


  “I'm going to need to prepare the place since apparently Simon is going to drop off randomly at some point . I'm going to wrangle that man’s neck with my own two hands. I don't care if his fairy is away dealing with someone of her kind! That doesn't give him a right to drop almost unannounced. Oh god i need to tell the staff and the kitchens and-” He keeps going until he realizes there is no voice telling him to relax.


  “And- Peter?” The man was standing up and looking very, very uncomfortable.


  “Yeah?”


  “Are you… ok?”


  “Im, great, yeah, perfectly well Elias, i'm going to go and see Opal see you later” He scampers off quickly and leaves him alone with his name stuck on his lips.


  Huh, another puzzle piece.

 

  He sets out to let his staff and the court know about Simon dropping off at any point, they all just took it with a grain of salt, but he knew they were all exasperated with the old king.


  Simon had a tendency to do that to anyone who knew him for long enough that did not belong to his insane kingdom. Because everyone from Aella? Oh they were just as weird as him, no doubt about it.


  Peter made himself scarce, acting very odd and shiftily which sort of set some alarm bells on his head. Its when he sees him talk with Charlotte, the main chef, that he knows something is up.


  “Hello Peter-” Said man actually jumped back in surprise since Elias basically appeared out of nowhere. Bless the secret passages.


  “Holy- Elias- don't do that!” He was grabbing his chest while trying to calm down his heartbeat.


  “Are you trying to kill me?” Raising an eyebrow and crossing his arms. Peter not so subtly watches him, since he elected to wear something more… casual and had his sleeves rolled up. His lips twitch upwards, but he has to tamper down the need to be smug, there are questions to be asked.


  “So i noticed you were talking with the kitchen staff… plus you have been avoiding me lately-” He shakes his head and Elias gives him a stern and unimpressed look. “Do not lie to me”


  “I'm not avoiding you- Look, i'm trying to- well-” He can't seem to figure out what to say and it seems to make him anxious. So Elias lowers his arms, sighs and asks if he wants to stroll through the gardens a little to catch some air. After looking to the side as if thinking about running off, but coming back to him and seemingly realizing that would end poorly he nods.


  They don't talk until they are outside, he is giving him time to try and figure out what to say. So once they are in the gardens he sneaks his arm around his, Peter stiffens, but lets him get away with it. However the response is unexpected since the man had taken to jokingly do that with him too.


  He frowns.


  “Look. It's not you-” 


  “Haven’t i heard that one before-” Peter gives him a perplexed look.


  “What do you- no, whatever, not the point. Listen, do you… do you remember what i said about taking money after being fired and um, running off?”


  He nods, there is something of an idea already running through his head.


  “Well… Simon sort of… knows? And if he found out I was here… well” Peter stops on his tracks and takes a deep breath before turning to face him and put his hands on his shoulders, making him snap to look at him, Elias can feel the warmth and see the actual fear on his face, that makes him pause. Through all this time he has never seen Peter afraid, only uncomfortable or anxious.


  “If he knows, he is going to get me sent back to my family and I can't go back, Elias. I don't think i will be able to leave ever again if i did” He freezes.


  Not… come back?


  A spark of possessiveness and anger hit him unexpectedly, enough to leave him confused. Albeit not so much, he had hated when the man disappeared to Helen. To know that he could be taken away and that he would never get to see him again made his blood boil.


  Peter is 
  
    his
  
  .


  Simon is not going to get his only source of enjoyment to get taken away from him. Elias has been on his own for long enough and he is not going to lose the man now.


  That's the only reason why he feels like this, Peter has become his companion, and he is not about to lose that. So despite the tumultuous feelings inside him, he stares at the taller man head on and carefully grabs his hands and holds them in front of them. 


  He is warm where Elias is cold ironically enough.


  “Well… we can't have that now can we? I take it you have been preparing to take food to the ship waiting for his arrival?” Peter doesn't drop his hands, which is a relief.


  “I- yes, but Elias, he will appear on the beach and if he sees my ship he will ask questions, i was going to leave for a few weeks to sail and then come back once the man is gone” Clutching his hands harder, he knows its logical and it makes sense.


  It doesn't mean that he likes it any better, but honestly? It's for the best if Peter is not seen, less likely to be spotted and sent away. So he takes a few breaths.


  “How about this, I will enchant an object to act as a.. messaging artifact to let you know when the man leaves. Give me a day? Please?” He is really struggling with his face, but ultimately nods. Elias lets out a breath and offers a smile.


  “Thank you. I promise that he will never find out you are here, i would hate to lose the only person capable of matching me” Peter smiles a little bit and huffs out a laugh.


  “Is that all? Figured you would mention my cooking, i seem to recall you eating almost all the biscuits i make, along with those muffins…” He pouts and Peter looks down to his chin.


  He becomes painfully aware of how close they are and that they are still holding hands, so with a final squeeze he lets go and steps back.


  Even though he feels his face get hot, he just lets go. Peter hand sort of twitches, but he also steps back.


  “So… i will prepare the necessary things and tomorrow morning you may go, it will be done by then”


  “Thank you Elias, really” He is no longer watching him, but he does grab the back of neck nervously. 


  “You are welcome” Elias is not doing this out of the kindness of his heart. He is a petty and possessive creature and Peter has been unfortunately put in the space to fill that particular void in his life.So he smiles albeit is not kind in any way.


  After thinking it through, he decides to be deliberately annoying on purpose.


  So he chooses to use shells.


  Two enchanted big shells, if you put it on your ear you could hear the other person as a form of communication. Elias also…. also thinks about Peter's disappearance and of the possibility that the man would not want to come back once he gets his solitude at sea.


  He can't see him at all.


  ….


  He picks up a bracelet and after debating it, he also enchants it.


  Elias will know where Peter is as long as he wears it.

 

  By morning he meets up with him at the beach, Simon must be coming soon, since whenever he drops one of those letters, its a matter of a week before he drops by, and its almost the time.


  So he offers the shells to Peter and after some consideration he gives him the bracelet. He looks surprised.


  “What is this for?”


  “Well, I figured a present wasn't a bad idea, for a temporary goodbye that is” Peter sort of looks at it and then at him in hesitation. He hopes he will take it, Elias would be truly fucked otherwise.


  “I also might have put a few protection charms on it....” He did, a true to also hide a lie is always the best way to go. That seems to sort of settle him a little. He starts to try and put it on, but is rather clumsy about it, so he helps. Its easy and it feels like a victory to him, because he has him at the very least. 


  He takes his time to place it, Peter was warm after all and soon the weather will start to get colder. By the time of the festival, snow should be falling, giving the kingdom quite the charming look.


  “So! You have food, the shell and the bracelet… what about Opal?” He seems startled.


  “Oh she is tagging along so you won't have to worry about feeding her. No offense, but i do think Simon might try to take her with him if he sees her”


  That is… very true.


  “Huh, yeah, maybe its for the best. So… well have a safe trip, i will let you know when its safe to come back and-”


  “Elias-”


  “Hopefully you have enough food, albeit there are a few small villages nearby-”


  “Elias-!”


  “Then again you can fish and-”


  “ELIAS” He looks up to Peter giving him an amused glance, chuckling he shakes his head and lifts his hand, giving it a kiss on the knuckles. This time it was bare and the brush of his lips against his skin was making something funny to his stomach.


  “I will be fine, your majesty, don't worry. It will be a week or two, plus you lived this long without me-” Yes, yes he did albeit, he thinks it was rather boring.


  “So stop fretting”


  “Mm, i like to” He rolls his eyes.


  “I know, ah I have this for you too” Elias blinks confusedly at Peter who suddenly procures a flower from his bag. It seemed to be in perfect condition.


  It was a red carnation.


  “The gardeners were very adamant about telling me which one you liked if you recall” He did, those nosy little bastards.


  Still he picks it up and stares at it, Peter shifts in place at his silence.


  “Its not a bracelet but-”


  “No, it's perfect” He looks up and smiles at him with a touch of fondness he hasn't felt in a long time “Thank you Peter” He sees him flush and opens his mouth albeit he suddenly has an odd look and turns to the side to cough.


  “Sorry, you- you are welcome. Now i should be going…”


  “Yes of course” They stay in place. An idea, a mischievous idea comes to mind, but he knows he can't. That he shouldn't.


  So he steps back.


  “I will see you then?” Peter hesitates and he pretends to not notice, just like the man pretends to not notice the magic in the bracelet.


  “Yes… see you Elias”


  Afterwards he waits until he is gone and he can't see him anymore along with Opal who followed him.


  Elias ends up sitting on the dock for a few more hours.

 

  He enchants the flower to last, just like he did with the ones he gave him before as an apology.


  They are all in one perfectly good vase in his room. The smell of flowers soothe him to sleep, even if he hesitates about whether the man will come back or not.

 

  Simon comes two days later.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Peter is alone. 

  Well not quite Opal is following him, but she doesn't really talk, plus she does live in the ocean. It was funny to see her so thrilled to swim around, he even thought she might leave too, but she seemed fairly content to remain close to the ship.

  He sits down and starts to fish, its calming to do so, and Opal scares fish to come closer to where he is. Its fun.

  Still, he is finally, finally at sea on his ship all on his own, this was exactly what he had wanted ever since he managed to run off from Mooreland.

  ….

  He had plans to bring Missy along, but that crashed and burned terribly. So now it's just him, Peter is not even angry anymore at this point, his godmother is, despite everything, the only other person who paid any mind to him, along with Simon and Titania.

  This would have been his life if his siblings had not bailed on the kingdom and left him alone to become the king.

  Clara even if the oldest would have been in charge of the military, Lydia would have been queen, Judith and Aaron would have been advisors and he would have dealt with Simon.

  That's the important bit, Peter was never meant to rule in the first place, he didn't lie to Elias, he had been chosen to replace uncle Nathaniel in dealing with the shipments to Aella. Would have become captain of his own ship and left to come and go from both kingdoms.

  But, that was never to be. His siblings escaped in the middle of the night and left him alone in the castle. Mother was furious and she sent for them to be brought back alive, but they never found them again.

  Its funny in retrospect, he had always wandered on his own and was the more reticent to be on his own, but even that… he knew that he would get in trouble otherwise, so it was easier to just stay on his own world and not think too hard about it. 

  The others disliked him, or at least he thinks they did.

  Except…

  Except perhaps Judith, she always left him a slice of apple pie, she learned how to cook without mother or the kitchen staff knowing. Peter would eventually do the same, tired of having to ask for food even if the people were all so bland it was like speaking with a wall.

  He never managed after she left to make it taste the same, no matter what. Missy tried to help him out and it tasted great, but it still wasn't it.

  Peter hates them.

  Hates that they left all together and left him alone to deal with mother and the kingdom, even when he never wanted to rule.

  Hates that they were all so cheerful and happy with each other.

  Peter hates that, them leaving was what caused him to get sick in the first place.

  Oh it took its sweet time to actually get a hold of him, years that he now had to spend studying everything his siblings had, because he was the only one left to do so. And by the time he would have been crowned he got the tattoos.

  He had been bitter about his new duties, about being left behind without even an explanation no less, it piled up and it brought forth the worst part of the curse.

  That became his downfall. 

  Mother was disappointed and set to get him married immediately to procure an heir to replace him and that was that. Peter was going to die in the same place he had lived his entire life without having ever done anything he really wanted.

  His life always chosen for him.

  He loved Mooreland, loved the fog and cloudy sky that had permeated the kingdom since two hundred years ago when his grandfather offended a fairy so badly that he got his land, his family and his people cursed along with him.

  Closing his eyes he feels the breeze, so if he had only so much time left before the curse got him completely then he was going to live as he wished. And that led him here.

  Well not quite…

  It led him to Elias first of course, strange, delightful and violent Elias who was exasperating, nosy and all together? A bastard.

  …

  But a bastard that he had fun with.

  Even if his coughing got worse with him around, even if slowly the fog tattoo grew through his skin to try and reach his heart and his lungs got slowly filled with mist.

  God forbids, but he liked Elias, he was… a friend, albeit it didn't quite fit to him, maybe a companion? Partner was rather…

  His cheeks felt hot.

  Well, it didn't matter. He knew the man liked him too, knew that he was lonely now, it was something that followed him and it brought a need that was not really natural about it to do…

  Something about it.

  He controls it as best as he can, if the curse was bad, this part was worse, Helen gave him a better idea of what to expect, albeit she did say that by not really finishing the process she is not sure what does that make him.

  Peter did not want to be anything at all, he didn't even know something was wrong, he was just ill and then he felt better and Missy seemed happy-

  Don't think about it.

  Shaking his head and clutching the fishing rod harder he lets out a breath.

  No point to it now.

  Point it, he knew Elias liked him, but he also knew that eventually he would just get worse and die.

  Better to have spent this time with him now and not made the burden harder, even if he gets some mild satisfaction over it. It doesn't make it easier.

  Opperior was bright and happy and Peter liked it, not as much as Mooreland, but he enjoyed it nonetheless. He liked the castle, liked to talk with Elias and be able to still go around and do his own thing without any expectations.

  Loved to tease him and banter with him, the way he looked so smug and commanding when making people do what he wanted-

  Bumping his head against the railing softly he curses under his breath.

  No, bad Peter stop it.

  He thinks about the actual pain he felt at being ignored that awful week, about how much he wanted to talk with him and say how sorry he was and how the coughing fits got worse and the marks grew on his arms.

  Elias was killing him faster than he expected, which is why this is the reason he should drop the bracelet and shell and just disappear.

  He can't deal with this anymore.

  Peter is not an idiot, Elias didn't lie, the bracelet had charms for protections, but it also had a tracking spell. He could feel the different magic there in between. It felt so much like him that it was a wonder he thought he wouldn't notice, then again he never really told him he knew how to tell the difference. He can't control his magic, but he can pick on others.

  Grabbing it and holding it over the edge of the water he thinks.

  It was fun, it really was, but this was just it.

  If Simon speaks too much as he is prone to, Elias will connect the dots and he would be screwed. The rewards for his siblings was huge, for him? It would be even bigger, the king would get money, perhaps an alliance if his mother was feeling charitable and Peter would be shifted off to spend his last days trapped and forced to marry and have children until he dies.

  No, better to leave-

  But he thinks of Elias holding his hands and looking at him so earnestly, promising that he would be safe and that  makes something twist inside him, its warm and pleasant and his gut churns while his head feels all stupid.

  Its so stupid and weird and he thinks he kind of likes-

  No,nono he doesn't-

  Peter doesn't like it because its pointless, because all he was ever meant to be is alone and that's how he is going to live and die.

  Just as he finishes that line of thought his throat starts to burn and he can't stop coughing in a fit that last way too long, by the time he can take some breaths he sees a small wisp of fog leave his mouth, before it disappears.

  It changes his mood to terror, his eyes are already burning and its embarrassing, because he knows on a fundamental level that he is screwed, but it still instills in him fear to know that this is it. He is just living in borrowed time.

  That this last few months had been the happiest he has ever been and that he will miss Elias. That's why he doesn't drop the bracelet and instead holds it carefully tracing the small waves and hidden eyes.
 
  Days pass like that, Peter just… exists.

  The shell makes sounds, he knows that it means Elias is sort of trying to communicate, but now he is scared that he knows and is trying to curse him or lure him back.
 
  Simon was one of the very few adults that talked and liked him.

  Which is why now that he realizes that he knew-! He met Mordechai, had been friends with him-

  Peter realized that Simon had always known that he was cursed and that he was the first born son forced to break the curse until he died. Yet he never told him, it must have been fun he supposes, to see him go around failing to do anything, to get told that he was just sick like Mordechai had been, because he was just another casualty of the Lukases.

  Must had been hilarious to just let him go around blindly, to let Titania and Missy lie to him. The betrayal of the three of them was perhaps what hurts the most, because they all knew and they all conspired to-

  Forget it.
 
  Elias keeps trying to contact him when the days pass.

  He doesn't care, the coughing becomes something regular like when the man was mad at him.

  It becomes harder to eat, too tired and his throat too hurt to keep anything down. Opal rubs herself against the ship and tries to bump him.

  Peter is rather selfish, enough to make the creature care for him, even when he will eventually leave her too. Maybe this is why things go badly for him, maybe he should have just died as a child and left Aaron to break the curse on the land.

  So maybe this is for the best?

  Missy did said that she thought Aaron could break the curse, but that she grew too fond of him.

  With a bitter and sad smile he just lays on the deck relaxing. 

  A flash of Elias just laying around in the same spot half dressed comes to mind and its enough to make him groan.

  Stupid pretty bastard. 

  His face feels hot and he recalls his casual look while they went to town, the way the sun illuminated his face in the old church.

  Recalls the story he told him, a curse broken by a true love kiss what a joke.

  Still, he thinks about him more and it feels more real than whatever state he was in right now, he checks his arms and the tattoo is up to his upper bicep.

  It grew a lot for some reason.

  Why?

  He looks at it perplexed, it had been going far better in the castle, why is that when he is finally alone it's growing so much faster?!

  Peter doesn't understand anything anymore, he thought that perhaps if he was alone it would grow slower, it did back in Mooreland, but this? He doesn't understand any of this. He just wants to relax and live whatever he has left in peace. To finish his stupid list.

  Half of it was already done, and some of them would be impossible now, he was not very creative when it came to things to do, mostly curious about a few things that he never saw, like snow or mermaids. He didn't even see a sunset or the stars until he left the land and wandered out of the woods surrounding his kingdom.

  He had been used to the grey skies and the fog obscuring his vision.

  The sunset in the tower had been his favourite, he could see the people far away being happy and enjoying themselves while he was on his own little spot with Elias feeling…

  Sort of left behind, but at the same time not, the man made it impossible to forget his existence, looking so relaxed and soft with the light reflecting on him. It made him want to cup his face with his hands and stare at him, of course he didn't, he couldn't.

  Besides, they were just friends and that would be weird.

  TIred and resigned to the fact that he was diying faster he just lays there, he didnt even get to see snow yet, Elias had mentioned that it snowed in Opperior around the festival of the lost prince.

  It usually rained in Mooreland during his birthday if he thinks about it, always ended up being stuck inside, even if he wanted to explore the woods or the beach.

  Peter did find a very nice spot in the surrounding woods of Opperior, had even thought about asking Jonah to go there with him, figured he would have fun seeing all the magical creatures. Humming he hears Opal make chirping noises to accompany him.

  “Good girl” His voice was raspy for disuse and the constant coughing fits.
 
  More days pass and he gets more tired, the shell calls at least twice a day, but he doesn't want to answer, doesn't want the man to yell or get mad at him.

  Fog starts to follow the ship and it gets progressively more thick, Opal seemed upset by it.
 
  He wakes up to silence, well, he hears the waves, but they are muffled, tiredly he gets up and when he goes outside he realizes with just grim acceptance that he is in a cloud of fog so thick he could not see anything in front of him.

  He whistles for Opal, but she doesn't appear.

  Maybe this was for the bes-

  Singing.

  He blinks in confusion.

  More singing, beautiful and enthralling. Slowly he goes closer to the railing to try and discern where is it coming from. It stops when he gets there, but he waits. Soon it resumes and its-

  Its perfect, a song about loneliness and peace. To come and enjoy the final destination, to let go and be something else. He wanted that. Gripping the railing he moves and slowly he sits on it with his legs hanging to the ocean below. The singing continues and he feels like in a hazy dream.

  The fog clears enough that he sees a woman’s head poke out of the water and stare at him, she seems young, he sees her smiles with her sharp teeth.

  Sirens, he thinks, are very good hunters, lure you with their hipnotic song to drown you and eat you. He was about to jump when his wrist burned, making him yelp and almost fall anyways. The pain sort of snaps him out of it and he looks down to the bracelet that Elias gave him, it was hot to the touch.

  The creature hisses, but starts to sing again, albeit Peter was already trying to scramble back, he was already doomed, no need to speed it up and-

  The lyrics change, or well he thinks they do, her mouth doesn't move as if she was singing, but the song is what he wants to hear, that's what Simon told him anyways.

  The song shifts and speaks of towers and flowers, of afternoons spent on a beach with a man with a wicked smile that makes his knees go 
  
    weak
  
  .

  Speaks of a crush doomed from the start, of a man that would take him back if he just gave a step and came back-

  
    Peter please come back to me-
  

  And he will never admit, never will tell anyone, but he almost did.

  But the bracelet went from hot to boiling and he dropped back to the deck with a thud.

  And he hears a yell of frustrations and the voice of an old man say-

  
    “Julia its not worth it,  this bloody serpent is coming back we need to go-”
  

  
    “But Trevor i almost-”
  

  
    “Julia!”
  

  A hiss and the sound of something going under the water, then nothing, just quiet again.

  His heart was beating like crazy and the metal was slowly, ever so slowly cooling down.

  An echoy chirp reminded him of Opal.

  Ok.

  Ok, yeah no. Fuck this.

  He lays there for a little longer, having his thoughts go in circles, trying to not overthink or panic, but eventually Peter puts himself together enough that he can stand up and go inside almost in a haze of panic and terror. Looking around he finds the shell and with a sigh and trembling hands he picks it up and does what Elias told him to make it work.

  He waits and puts it next to his ear. Instead of the echoey sound one would expect he hears a strange low cracking noise. It takes a few tries where his hands, still shaky from the whole ordeal struggle to make the thing work, but eventually he hears a sudden clic and a familiar voice.

  
    “I'm going to beat you half to a pulp. I hope you know that”
  
   Feeling half relieved and half terrified he sits on the bed and pulls his hair back in hysterics.

  “I would expect nothing else, how are you?”

  
    “How am- Peter I don't think you understand how much I really want to kill you. Its been three weeks. Simon left a week and a half ago. What are you doing why can't i-”
  
   See you, he knows he means that.

  “Foggy where i am, sort of lost time” He ends up laying in bed feeling far too wrung out in several aspects that he refuses to entertain. His anxiety was sky high and there was far too much noise in his own head to calm down.

  “How did the thing with Simon go?” He wants to know if he figured out, if the man involuntarily snitched on him and now Elias is plotting against him. He hears an angry sound from him, but its sort of endearing. It also helps to hear him talk, to have someone else thats not him say something, meaning that he is not going insane.

  
    “Good! Is that what you want? It went well, he was annoying, kept complaining about Titania being gone to visit a friend and not having her company. Plus he ate a lot and terrified my staff. Fairly sure Gertrude was planning to chuck him out of the window the last few days he was there. He might be old and have one of the biggest kingdoms, but my god is he insufferable. Are you happy?”
  
   The exasperation and pure tiredness that came from him was so… familiar it made his lip twitch upwards.

  Then he recalled the song of the mermaid and he squashed that line of thought. 

  He coughs.

  
    “... Are you ok?”
  

  “I- those charms you put came in handy” Silence for a few seconds and-

  
    “What did you do-”
  

  “Nothing-! Just a pair of sirens decides to try their luck with me-” A sound of something falling.

  “Elias?”

  “Nothing! Are you ok?” That's a loaded question and the answer in several instances should be no.

  “Yes, i snapped out of it and they left, it seems like Opal was chasing them down” A sigh of what he assumes is relief. Peter is so, so very tired now.

  
    “Oh well, you had significant luck you fucking bastard”
  
   Angry and charming as always. 

  Lovely.

  “I did, thank you”

  
    “... You are welcome”
  
   They stay quiet for a while, he can hear him breathe and it lulls him a little. Too much excitement for one day.

  
    “Are you coming back Peter? Be honest please”
  
   He lets out a breath. The crux of the issue huh?

  “I don't know, I don't particularly want to go back and get bludgeoned to death by a short angry man” Humor is, in his opinion, far better to use to deflect questions.

  
    “Please dont”
  
   Or maybe not.

  “I… am not sure… if it will be good if i do” Simple and concise.

  
    “...Why? I thought you liked it here” 
  
  Though you liked me, goes unsaid.

  “I do, but i'm not…” Going to last he wants to say, i'm not completely human anymore and i don't know how to feel about it and if it will get worse-

  He already feels strange enough as it is.

  “Not very good” 

  
    “Neither am i. Peter- Look, i like your company”
  
   He sounds as if someone is pulling his teeths to try and say it and honestly? He gets it, he doesn't want to hear this.

  “You don't have to-”

  
    “Just listen ok? Look, I enjoy your company, ok? I haven't realized that perhaps i was… too enthralled with my job and that maybe, just maybe i missed just doing regular stuff. To have someone to talk and not constantly watch what i said at any time, because it didn't matter. Court, family, even my other friends, i always had to watch out what i said, but you don't care, in fact i dare to believe you enjoy provoking me on purpose to see me snap”
  

  He does, it's hilarious. Swallowing he nods, realizes he can't see him and makes an affirmative noise.

  
    “So i would like it if you came back. I missed you”
  
   Too much he thinks. Pull back, deflect-

  “I missed you too” There is silence.

  Peter feels something weird and he can't describe what it is, its sort of like relief? Like something was peeling away and it frightened him a lot, but at the same time it felt sort of freeing? Odd.

  He doesn't notice that the sound outside becomes less muffled. Doesn't realize that the creeping tattoo reaching his shoulder starts to recede until its back on his bicep only.

  “I missed you too and um, I kind of want to go back too. Albeit i don't fancy being hit-?” A laughing breath and he hears the exasperation on his tone.

  
    “Then come back you idiot I was waiting for you. Won't hit you, but you are going to sit and hear me complain while helping me with paperwork for the festivities”
  
   The first part of what he says hits him somewhere soft, that he didn't even know he had, warmth for some reason spreads out on his chest and face and he cant help a small hysterical laugh.

  He hates that so much, but-

  But he doesn't, not really. Paperwork just with the two of them, with Elias talking in the background sounds nice.

  “Sure then your majesty”

  
    “Honestly you are a headache waiting to happen Peter” 
  
  Grinning he knows it's meant fondly.

  “Thanks!”

  They talk more and eventually they have to say goodbye. He can feel the reticence from Elias, but he was tired and his throat was hurting by speaking so much after being quiet so long.

  So they stop, but he does promise to pick up next time he calls.

  “You better otherwise i am making you part of my court just to force you to deal with the them, do not tempt me”

  “Please don't, i would hate that so much-”

  “Freeloader”

  “Look who's talking!” 
 
  Truth is, the ship was a week away, he didn't go too far after he started to feel worse, too tired to actually go further away. Outside he sees a clear sky and after whistling he sees a scaly head pop up from the water to see him.

  Going near Opal he pats her snout and promises to get her a lot of treats.

  “Who is a good girl? Who scared the Sirens trying to eat me? You did Princess!” She nuzzles him a little which is charming and terrifying since her head is the size of his torso and her teeth are just as likely to chomp down on him, but as it stands she just acts happy and lets out some thrilled noises. She has gotten bigger in the last few months it seemed. Not the size she would get in Aella or if she stayed in the middle of the ocean, but certainly bigger than when he saw her the first time.

  Peter prepares and starts to change course to go back, there are a few hours left before he needs to stop for the night and it would do him good to get a head start.
 
  Days pass more bearably, he answers Elias every day and just talks. Sometimes he lets the man rant while he listens and makes the appropriated noises to let him know he is hearing him. Other times he chats about nothing and everything and the day goes faster. More often than not, Elias would just lock himself in his office and talk.

  He mentions once about being in the tunnels.

  “Tunnels?” He goes quiet and Peter has an inkling that he did not mean to say that.

  
    “Sorry, yes. So as i was saying-”
  

  “Is there like. anything interesting there or are you just spying people behind the walls?” He hears him choke a little and he smiles. The weather is nice, but the wind is getting chillier and the days are starting to get shorter slowly.

  
    “Shut up! No, there are… rooms, libraries. Stuff from the previous kings and queens” 
  

  “Sounds sort of boring then” An exasperated sigh follows.

  
    “What did you even expect you heathen?”
  
   He was used to exploring his castle and honestly Mooreland had a bunch of secret rooms and corridors everywhere, mostly boring and just as well full of books and old paintings.

  Except.

  …..

  He did try to forget that room with the questionable items, Missy and Simon did not know how to begin to explain to his 12 year old self what he found. Titania was having a laughing fit.

  Eugh, there are things no one should know about their ancestors.

  “Dunno, proabbly a sex dungeong or something” He was really not thinking too hard about it so it simply escaped his mouth. Elias was losing it and Peter was blushing while laughing nervously.

  
    “You- Oh my god-”
  

  “I mean! It's a possibility-!” IDIOT HOLY SHIT-

  
    “Peter what the ever loving fu-”
  

  “Look! people are weird!” Now his face was on fire.

  
    “I mean yes! But seriously…. If there is one i haven't found it yet!”
  
   Now it was his time to lose it and laugh.

  “You, you are messing with me aren't you?” He can hear the smugness coming out of him in 
  
    waves
  
   oh what a rat bastard he is.

  
    “I do not know what are you implying my good sir”
  

  “Rat bastard!”

  
    “Still, my oh my Peter, your mind is quite on the gutter today, wonder what else were you thinking about to go there-?” 
  
  Somehow his tone had gone weird and it caused him to feel sort of expectand for-

  For what exactly?

  Nevermind that.

  “Just the time i was 12 and accidentally discovered one of those in my house”

  “....” 

  “I mean” The call cuts off and he stares to the shell in bewilderment.

  It takes 15 minutes for it to come again.

  “Elias?”

  
    “I don't think..”
  
   He sounds winded.

  “Err-”

  
    “I don't think i have ever laughed that much in my entire life. Ever. I almost blacked out Peter”
  

  With a long suffering sigh he closes his eyes and counts to ten.

  “I'm glad my childhood trauma has brought you some joy”

  “I just, what face did you even put to that??”

  “Honestly i didn't really get it until i asked my nanny and uncle, that was the most traumatizing part”

  “Oh my-”

  “If you start laughing im not coming back i swear” He hears him choke down some chuckling and he starst to laugh a little because it was honestly stupid. Oh it was embarrassing as all hell, but now he can admit that Simon and Missy’s faces were also hilarious.

  “You are such a weird person im honestly baffled”

  “Thanks i try!” Not really, but it's the thought that counts “ Still so it's just libraries?”

  “... Well and a few… magical artifacts and rooms. Its sort of a blind spot honestly”

  “Heh, wonder if that's where your general disappeared to from time to time then-” He was mostly joking, but Elias makes a surprised noise.

  “That- actually makes a lot of sense, she had been working for the previous queen and king-”

  “Elias?” 

  “I need to check something out real quick i will call you tomorrow”

  “Oh, well good-”

  Aaand he cut off the call.

  Great.
 
  Let it be not misunderstood, Peter still feels nervous about going back, he could not shake the thought that maybe Elias was lying and was in fact planning to give him over. That he 
  
    knew 
  
  who he was.

  And on the other hand…

  The stupid 
  
    song
  
  .

  Peter may or may not have, perhaps… a small and insignificant…. Crush on Elias.

  Nothing too bad, he just thought he was attractive that's all.

  Peter could tell when someone was handsome and the man fit that, fit several things indeed-

  Ok nope bad, bad Peter.

  Covering his burning face with both hands he groans and tries to not freak out too badly.

  Its just that he thinks he is attractive that's all, it will go away eventually, he is his first… sort of friend so maybe it's just that. He just needs to not think about it! Besides he has a death sentence there is not really much of a point to it. He is better off alone.

  After coughing fit later, he sighs.

  Still it seems he doesn't get as sick while around him, so perhaps its not all so bad. Maybe if he is careful he will last a year and a half instead of the year the doctor gave him.

  Usually it killed you quickly, but for some reason he was more resistant. Or well.

  Being sort of turned into something less human does tend to make it slower.

  But the thing is, even then, the curse would not have stopped. That's the point, curses don't disappear, they are broken or get transferred to someone else. And in his case it can only be achieved through death. He dies and it goes to Aaron to solve it.

  Waste of a life he supposes. He could just get himself killed and get it over with. The land would be free of the fog, the people would no longer be under its influence. Maybe his siblings go back and replace mother now that he is gone and they are free-

  Peter decides that when he finishes his list he will just. Get it over with. He decides to add a few things, after all if it's his last hurrah, he better make it count.

  Better to go under his own terms.

  His mind goes to Elias and Opal and he feels a little bit of guilt, but not enough to warrant him to stop. He recalls Missy telling him that trapped animals would often hurt themselves to escape and somehow that resonates with him.

  Grabbing his book and picking up the page he writes.
 
Sailing (SCRATCHED ALL OVER) on my own

Visiting Aaella! (Not possible)
 

Get a pet

 
See the sunset while on the ocean

Get drunk!!!

Stargaze for real!!!

Do something for just the fun of it

Prank someone

Make a f- (SCRABBLED ALL OVER)
 

See snow?
Play in the snow!

 
See a mermaid for real (don't get killed!)
 
Take Elias to sail again one last time

Prank people with Helen
Take Elias to that spot in the forest!
See Simon one last time (The ball in december. Costume party, perfect occasion)
Tell Elias to take care of Opal.

  Better.
 
  The next day he waits for Elias to call.

  There is nothing, by night he picks up the shell and tries himself, not because he was worried at all. But because the man said he would and he rarely does not hold his word.

  Elias doesn't pick up no matter how much he tries to call.

  Peter sleeps very badly that night.

  The next day was the same and he didn't know if it was revenge for his own actions or if anything did happen with Gertrude.

  Finally on the third day Elias answered. Peter was just a day away from reaching Opperior and honestly he was tempted to see if Opal could push the ship to move faster out of frustration.

  “Finally!! If this is your way to make me feel bad, i must say i do believe i get your point Elias-” He hears him cough fairly badly.

  
    “Sorry” 
  
  Something tugs at him.

  “Are you... ill?”

  
    “Mm, yeah, i think i might have over done myself”
  
   What?

  “What do you mean? Last i heard you were going to see if your general was hiding in the tunnels what does that-”

  
    “More tunnels” 
  

  “... Excuse me?”

  
    “The tunnels… they algo go down, they are huge, they must reach the forest near the town. Perhaps even go under the water to the mainland, it's impossible to know i can¡t see there or know anything about it”
  

  “Ok, that's interesting… better than i expected, but it doesn't answer-”

  
    “Getting-
  
  ” A coughing fit stops him and Peter wonders if that's how he must sound, no wonder the man looks at him with mild concern.
  
     “Getting there!”
  
   There is a pause where he hears him breath.

  “Maybe you can tell me once i'm back… clearly you are tired and-”

  
    “No, no better like this i don't know-”
  
   He stops and it takes some time before he picks up the conversation again.

  
    “.... she is there, or at least someone is living there, maybe she is feeding someone or i don't know, but my point is. Gertrude does go down there to see someone and I don't know who. I went to explore, but I accidentally made it to a room with things, books and diagrams. I was going to take a look, but the place started to shift and water came from the roof. That's why i assumed they went under the water” 
  
  He does not like where any of this is going, not one bit.

  
    “The room started to fill with water quickly and i got soaked, got stuck there for hours with the cold and when i came up i was damp and freezing, so i got sick. The papers were ruined and the architecture was different. I dont know whats wrong and im-”
  
   He lowers his voice.

  
    “I don't know what she is planning, or with whom”
  
   A coup? A murder attempt ? 

  “Did you see anything?” He stays quiet.

  
    “One thing” 
  
  Elias sounded… bitter.

  “What?”

  
    “They were notes about looking for the missing prince” 
  
  The man appears and Elias gets demoted.

  “Oh shit”

  
    “Yes, oh shit indeed”
  

  “But! Its like i said before, what are the odds he is even alive at this point-”

  
    “Annabelle”
  
   The name makes him think about the man suddenly asking to say goodbye to Elias, forced by someone else's hand.

  “What about her?”

  
    “... She implied, before taking me to the clearing that she knew at some point where the prince was, but that he escaped”
  

  “That's... really bad”

  
    “I know” 
  
  Peter can tell he is upset and he sort of wants to do something to make it better, which is quite honestly frightening, he really shouldn't get involved in anything, he just wanted to spend time in peace not politics.

  Stay or go.

  But its not hard, Peter was after all, curious too and Elias does make his life more interesting.

  “Once you are better do you want to see something interesting?” A sound of confusion and he can already picture him scrunching up his nose in annoyance.

  
    “Peter did you not hear-”
  

  “I did, and if you want I can go explore with you later, but it sounds like you need to stop a little and just… be away from the castle and the people. You showed me the old church right? I found a spot too and i would like to… share it if possible? Somewhere to think in peace” He feels very self conscious about it, not used to wanting to do something of the sort, even feeling like it goes against everything he was raised in, but as of now, he has also realized that perhaps, just perhaps his mother was… wrong about some things.

  Not everything, Peter doesnt think he would ever feel comfortable with people, a life raised in isolation doesn't leave you capable of much more.

  
    “Its.. a lovely offer and i- cough- i will take your word for it. Also to accompany me to the other tunnels
  
  ” Oh he already knows what to say to make him feel better so with burning cheeks and a resigned smile he teases him.

  “Maybe we even finally find that sex dungeoun down there! Think of the possibilities Elias” It works.

  And he can hear him choke a little and starts laughing. Its a delightful sound, the man does have a rather good voice-

  Closing his eyes he pinches the bridge of his nose.

  
    “You monster-”
  

  “You are welcome”

  This time he is the one who talks, just about a few anecdotes here and there, how Opal was getting bigger and that he was looking forward to the festival, mostly because he wanted to see the snow.

  
    “Never saw it before? Its not that great, mostly an inconvenience”
  

  “Clearly someone who is an old man at heart!”

  
    “At least i'm not childish!”
  

  Eventually he wishes him a goodnight. With a more fond grin he rests on the pillow while hearing Elias mumble tiredly at him.

  
    “... Thank you Peter, i will see you tomorrow” 
  

  “See you little menace” He falls asleep quickly, he can't recall what he dreamed, but he feels it was good.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Simon was usually more tolerable, but this?


  This was ridiculous.


  It was as if something went off in him and now he was far more unhinged than he has ever seen him. Maybe it was Titania, his second in command and possibly partner was temporarily gone, maybe it was due to losing his favourite nephew, but whatever reason there is, the short old man was doing his very best at giving him and everyone else a headache.


  Case in point he was currently sitting on the window of the tallest tower talking non stop about some sort of recreational park that opened in the floating island part of the kingdom.


  “Its delightful, the mechanical team made sure there were rides and you can drop from high places, but still be fine in the little carriage. Its a marvel of magic and science!” Opperior worked on information and was fairly technological advanced in some aspects, but it didn't compare to Aella.


  The place had the space, time and honestly resources to just invest in creating more and more strange things. The only other kingdom he has seen do something similar is that of Erebus, Maxwell had been developing more now that he had Manuela as his royal advisor.


  There is rumour that Mooreland also has a bunch of advanced technology and resources, but seeing as it was impossible to get a trading relationship with them, it was questionable at best. Albeit Simon does say that they are way too rich to know what to do with it themselves.


  “That sounds very… interesting. Could you perhaps get down from there?”


  “Is it making you nervous?” Not raising to the bait he keeps on reading a few letters from the hunters he hired. Daisy and Basira are keeping up trying to find the man, hopefully soon there will be a trail. Word has come out about some weird happenings so maybe there is something there.


  “No, but if you fall and break a hip old man, i will not explain to your…. partner how you injured yourself by being an idiot” He hears him let out a short chuckle, the window he was referring to was the tallest one, a normal person if they fell from that would definitely break something.


  “Oh she would have my head!! And what a lovely sight would that be. Like the wind and the sky getting mad at me, such a small insignificant thing-” Oh he is back at praising her then.


  At least he can confirm that the woman is a fairy and very much in charge of keeping the place in his currently floating state. The island and its whirlpools with giant sea monsters, along with the floating city on top of it was all on her. A primordial Fairy, like the mother for Annabelle. Its uncommon for them to care about humans, let alone want to love them, but apparently it happens.


  Why Simon? He has no idea.


  “Well hopefully she comes back soon and scolds you for being a nuisance to my staff, did you really need to give the guards vertigo?”


  “Most certainly, and well “ He sounds a little less maniac and more solem “No idea when she will come back, her friend is… her kind doesnt take well to negative emotions let alone grief” Closing his eyes he puts the paper down, curiosity makes him turn around.


  “Because she lost a child? Records say some of her kind just drops them off, why-”


  “Not fae, human. It's different, the way they view you or.. Love you!” The man grins and Elias elects to ignore several things that he knows are not normal on him by a long shot. The sharper teeth, pointer ears and the strange way his pupils look. 


  Simon smells of nature and ozone. He had been at some point human, but if a fairy loves you enough they can try and turn you into something more like them to keep you. The man did as he always had done when it came to his love for the sky and freedom, falling into the arms of a creature that represented everything he has ever loved, shedding most of his humanity along the way. Its the reason why his kingdom also has the biggest amount of faeries and half humans. Simon simply doesn't care about banning relationships.


  “Seems… complicated?”


  “Not really, its more… unfiltered in a way. They don't have a concept of what is fully wrong, why should they? They aren't human and morality is something we make along the way, to them there is only fairness. If you do something to offend them, they get back at you, if you are kind you may get a reward” Giving a small unimpressed smile he replies.


  “And if you are bored then all bets are off then? Or if you are powerful?” The man jumps down from his perch and doesn't fall as much as if the air gently lowered him to the ground.


  “They still have rules they have to follow, its not all for games or laughs, limits are there my friend” So they are.


  He made a deal and he is held by its bargain just as his patron is.


  Information to keep himself in power and protect the kingdom from danger in exchange of constant entertainment.


  “I know”


  “So you do”

 

  Peter doesn't answer his attempts at contacting him, he tries to call him every two days to check on him, but nothing. It leaves a pit of despair making him think that he lied. That he is not coming back, yet he can tell he has the bracelet and that he is not that far away in retrospective, so that is something at the very least.


  It's still upsetting. Enough so that he has more of a foul mood. Paired up with Simon’s constantly annoying him it brings several headaches to the forefront of his mind.


  Gertrude is wise enough to make a disappearing act while the shorter king is around. But Elias had no such luck, so instead he is stuck playing host. Its not all bad, Simon has his fun moments and when he is not just messing around he is a rather good conversationalist.


  Which makes him ponder about whether or not to mention Annabelle’s prophecy or not.


  Of course that is taken away from him as said menace suddenly asks him about it while sitting on a tree branch in the garden.


  A picnic he said he wanted, he should have figured him out by now with his whims, but he had hoped Simon would be more normal about it.


  Still.


  “So i heard a little rumour that the queen of Hilltop is gone and that someone was there to see it! So what happened?” He looked far too eager to hear and it made him sigh.


  “Not much, she wanted to talk, turned out she was also trying to turn me into a puppet for her familiar. A…” He recalls Peter’s fear about Simon knowing he was there so he elects to be vague “A sailor i met during my trip came to look for me, since he found the town suspicious and managed to help me out, while the very few people who got out from under her spell went and started to raid the place. Afterwards it was blurry since she basically drugged me, but apparently they burnt her at the stake for turning everyone into soulless puppets for years”


  He sees him stare and raise his eyebrows in complete bewilderment.


  “Well quite the odyssey there, would not want that to happen to me honestly. Any contact from their new… monarch?”


  “No, not a single news. I am more preoccupied with other things than that” He takes a sip of his drink while the man just makes a humming noise and Elias feels a breeze. Small pixies float around and he recalls Peter saying they liked sweet things, so he picks up a slice of apple and sort of puts it where they can reach it.


  They flock to it immediately.


  He feels his mouth twitch upwards.


  “Did not take you for being fond of the little ones!” That snaps his face up again and he feels like he is being judged.


  “Well, they live here and they aren't bad…”


  “Mm i just did not expect it thats all! Sure you weren't replaced?” With a scowl and without thinking at all he throws an apple at him. That's when he realizes who he is with and blaches.


  One thing is bullying Peter another is to act like this with another king, even if Simon himself is rather fickle and breezy with his own attitude he has never been anything but politely cold or amused. Not this brash-


  The man barely manages to catch the offending fruit and gives him a surprised look that instantly morphs into delight.


  “Oh my boy, that was quite hilarious! I don't think I have ever seen you do something so harsh, always afraid of repercussions that you are, you have changed-! Was it the traumatic experience? Maybe a new love for life? Honestly i applaud it, perhaps you can come and visit, maybe even ride one of those new rides i told you about” Flushing now in embarrassment he tries to reign himself in.


  “No, no, it was my bad, i apologize, i wasn't really thinking” Simon just waves it away.


  “I don't mind, there are very few people that can catch me off guard and now even fewer whom I even like to be around, this was a nice change that's all. Plus you reminded me even for a second of-” Looking sort of wistfully and if he saw it correctly sad Simon continues “Well that's not important anymore, anyways i like that. I believe there is a time and a place for work and enjoyment, and you don't walk that line very often”


  He would like to say the contrary, but Elias is now painfully aware that he would be lying.


  “I'm trying Simon” Now smiling more indulgently he nods and goes down to steal something to eat from the small table that was set for them.


  “I can tell, i'm pleased to see it, you are a little bit too young i think to already be so sour. I'm not saying you should drop everything, you do have a kingdom to run, but some… fun from time to time is not so bad- Besideeees” Ah yes of course this again.


  “No”


  “You didn't let me finish-”


  “I'm not hearing this again! I'm not marrying ok? I do not have any secret relationship, stop, i know you want to know, i do not. And even if i did marry it would be merely to help the kingdom grow ok? Money always come in handy” 


  The older man gives him a displeased sigh.


  “You know you could just find someone and actually marry them because you like them?”


  “Rayner is annoying but as a political partner it could work” But he hates his kingdom with a burning passion and he would rather see it burnt to the ground. The old king now snorts and sits in front of him.


  “Only if you were in need to solidify your position I see that working out. Plus i don't mean only another king or even prince! Just someone maybe of high society… albeit oh there is some charm to those rich people falling in love with the lower class, like in the novels-” Elias thinks about his collection of said novels hiding in his room, including the one about a sailor and prince he has stashed under his pillow.


  With a hot face he shakes his head in denial.


  “Please stop”


  “Never! I just want you to be more happy!” Oh he doubts it very much, Simon is fleeting in his ability to care, more likely he just wants the amusement and drama now that he apparently lost his nephew and his partner is away.


  They talk more about different things thankfully, with any luck he will leave soon.


  When Simon mentions the pity about him not having bigger boats to have trade with he pauses, Peter does know about it, as some of their talks have devolved into it.


  Plus an actual job…


  “Yeah… maybe i can see something about it”


  “.. Really?” Simon gives him a surprised look. Huh, this is the most he has seen that expression on his face since they met years ago.


  “Yeah, perhaps… i might need to get a consultant of sorts, but its a possibility, maybe speak with Rayner or Agnes since she seems to be trying to be more open with other places”


  “Mm, i do think the whole binding thing wont make her too happy-” That is true, he forgot actually “And Maxy doesn't really have much of your preferred items…” 


  “Well then it seems its a little foolish then for me to-”


  “I would be delighted however to try if you want! I won't lie, my country has a lot of things, but there are a few items and stuff that I would love to get shipped here!” 


  “I thought-” He cuts himself off a second, but keeps going, wanting to understand “I was under the impression you only had dealings with the Lukases” Simon's smile remains in place, by all means he does not shift in any way that would indicate anything is wrong.


  Still Elias feels as if something incomprehensible was staring back at him and he uses everything he has to keep his stare firm on him, while his hands grip on his leg becomes painful.


  Never blink first.


  After a few minutes, that felt like 
  
    hours, 
  
  Simon grins and the moment stops, letting him breath in peace.


  “Well, there are a few changes lets say. The queen has wronged me quite badly or well not me exactly... so i'm stepping back now, at least until things are better. Albeit if you want to monopolize them be my guest! Business is business and i don't begrudge you for it”


  “I think im fine for now”


  Not wanting to go back to whatever that mood was he nods and changes the conversation.


  Mooreland is not his business, no sir.

 

  He calls during the night but nothing, Peter doesn't pick up.


  Foolish of him to believe or trust him.

 

  Simon eventually leaves with a promise to start seeing how to start their new business. Glad for the peace, albeit still miffed about being ignored by his-


  His what? Clearly he thought wrong.


  He says his goodbyes and wishes that Titania came back soon to him.


  “Me too, me too, but if dear Mimzy is feeling so under the weather I can't really blame her for staying this long, I reckon i haven't seen her this heartbroken in a long time. In fact it's rather detrimental to all life around her if she keeps this up, but well, its not something that can be fixed easily”


  They were waiting for Simon’s stuff to finish loading into his sailing vessel.


  “If he runned away, why not find him or bring him back?” Elias imagines finding a runaway kid should not be that hard, Simon claps his back with surprising force, for a 500 year old man.


  “If it was that easy… he is cursed and has limited time before it kills him, Mimsy cant leave, and due to the nature of his magic and curse itself he can't be found easily. I have tried, trust me. I want him to be fine, i had honestly wanted to spirit him away to my kingdom for years, and i would have! But his siblings ran off first leaving him behind and his mother wouldn't let him leave” How… needlessly complicated.


  “I see, well i'm sorry then, if i know something i will tell you, albeit i'm offended you haven asked before for my help im the best at spying”


  “Oh i know, but i asked Annabelle, she did not want to say what she figured out, and no offense but he is way too fairy touched for your magic to do much my friend i'm sorry”


  Well goddammit.


  “Shame, also rude, the spider queen really?”


  “You went to her den, you tell me who is a fool here. Speaking of, what did she tell you? She doesn't really ask for invitations”


  “... A prophecy” Simon turns to him and moves his head to the side. 


  A spot of pain in his head, makes him wince. Familiar so, so familiar what is it?


  “Truly? What did it say?” Mulling it over he reckons that Simon did not get along with the previous monarchs, since they were all sort of against magic so figures this could work.


  “The missing prince, the one that was kidnapped? Apparently they had involvement in his disappearance or location. She said that our destinies are tied and that kingdoms will change depending on my choices regarding him”


  “Ominous”


  “Yes i know”


  “Mm, well i take it already has happened ?” Nodding he looks to the metal ship, what a weird yet somehow functional thing he made.


  “Annabelle’s rule ended”


  “Either get rid of him or find him and bribe him to leave you alone, no other way to do this”


  There is a third way, one that he really doesn't want to consider, but is there.


  “Yes. Or…”


  “Or?”


  “... You said it yourself, a marriage to another king secures my position, I get an ally and make the land more prosperous too. The people or my partner won't take little Jon back to replace me” Simon stares at him more seriously.


  “I think in this case i would like it if you killed him, or well, send him my way i can always make sure he drops and is never seen again” With a wry smile he nods.


  “Its my last resource dont worry, but i will take your word for it”

 

  Finally he goes and everyone in the castle can let out a collective sigh of relief, including him. Albeit he has gained far more from this meeting than he has ever expected.


  A butterfly effect of some kind he surmises, the different lands and its relations are changing and its frightening to think what the future will bring.


  Annabelle is gone, Simon who has been in an alliance with the Lukas for almost 200 years has seemingly stopped and now is willing to trade with him.


  Elias is perhaps in the middle of it and its having a really, really difficult time to not overanalyze everything.


  A storm is coming, he supposes.


  And then there is the stupid sailor that lied and has not come back. It's been two weeks now since he left, Simon was gone days ago and nothing that he tried resulted in the man picking up the bloody shell, he is having a fit.


  For a second, even if just brief, he considers Helen and her door, but ultimately he decides it would be far more dangerous than its worth.


  So he waits.


  The flowers in his room that he collected from Peter are now making him mad, enough's so that in a fit he throws the vase with them to the floor.


  The resounding crash and mess did not make him feel better, in fact it made him feel worse.


  It made him feel…. lonely.


  And also it caused him to panic, he did not want the flowers to be gone, he did like them. With his luck they were the only thing he had as a gift from Peter and it made him quickly pick them up and try to straighten them on. He sets them out in another vase and resolves in getting someone to clean that in the morning.


  For now he just sleeps.

 

  He works in a mechanical way, oh he keeps his attitude in check obviously, no need to cause the staff to rebel again, but it's boring.

 

  He picks the wool he bought last time and starts to knit.


  If he starts to make a scarf it's because he wanted one, not for any other reason, even if the colors were not the ones he had picked for himself.

 

  Finally one morning Elias wakes up with his pulse racing because he could not see where Peter was. The magic of the bracelet was gone.


  Gone,gone, gone.


  Even if he threw it away he should still feel it, But it's gone, only if he died or was stuck somewhere with more magic than the object had it could potentially break the connection.


  Either he is dead, or something with much more power got him, neither option he liked.


  
    Hishishishishis
  


  He can feel his own magic hiss and crack at it subconsciously, wanting to know where the man 
  
    was.
  


  Two more days like this until he gets a call. 


  Elias had been working in the tower trying to see if he could perhaps figure something out, so it took him a little to pick on the fact that the shell was being used.


  When he did he practically fell trying to grab it in his hurry.


  The proceeding conversation pulls on his nerves, he asks why he won't come back and does not expect the answer he gets.

“...Why? I thought you liked it here” Here is better than saying him, it feels less… pathetic.

  
    “I do, but i'm not…”
  
   Peter hesitates and Elias paces, what could he possibly justify himself with-


  
    “Not very good”
  
    That… was not what he expected, he lets out a tired breath, and leans against the wall.


  “Neither am i. Peter- Look, i like your company” Admitting to missing him was truly like clawing something out of his chest, but he needed to say it at the very least to make him understand.


  
    “You don't have to-”
  
   He ignores his panic this time.


  “Just listen ok? Look, I enjoy your company, ok? I haven't realized that perhaps i was… too enthralled with my job and that maybe, just maybe i missed just doing regular stuff. To have someone to talk and not constantly watch what i said at any time, because it didn't matter. Court, family, even my other friends, i always had to watch out what i said, but you don't care, in fact i dare to believe you enjoy provoking me on purpose to see me snap” He knows he does, and honestly? Its fairly cathartic.


  “So i would like it if you came back. I missed you” The last part he knows is a stretch, but he has to-


  
    “I missed you too”
  
   It shocks him, he ignores him for three weeks, almost gets eaten, but apparently the mad bastard did miss him. He did not expect him to tell him that. He thought he would deny it. But Peter likes to surprise him from time to time it seems. He will absolutely scold him for this whole thing, after what happened before and now this, but he seems to be genuine.


  
    “I missed you too and um, I kind of want to go back too. Albeit i don't fancy being hit-?”
  
   A laughing breath escapes him; he can't keep the exasperation out.


  “Then come back you idiot I was waiting for you. Won't hit you, but you are going to sit and hear me complain while helping me with paperwork for the festivities” Because he was-


  That's the sad thing, Elias was honestly waiting for him to come back. He should have resigned himself, yet…


  Peter takes time to answer, but when he does, it makes his lips go upwards.


  
    “Sure then your majesty”
  


  “Honestly you are a headache waiting to happen Peter” He can hear the grin in his voice and its delightfully nostalgic.


  
    “Thanks!”
  

 

  Days pass and they talk, it feels like no time passed for their bantering and its unfair how good he feels now.


  Eventually of course he slips up and tells Peter about the tunnels.


  He did not meant for that to happen, he hopes he will ignore it, but instead they get to the most stupid yet, hilarious conversation Elias had ever had in his life, he literally had to cut off the call, because he could not hold his laughter at the mental image of Peter just randomly walking into a room of that sort, looking completely embarassed and bewildered.


  He just couldn't.


  Elias has never laughed that hard in his entire life and that perhaps should be sad, but he is doing it now so its a win in his book.


  Oh he really likes this bastard.


  That thought goes to a dangerous territory, but he is good at keeping his thoughts in boxes to be ignored in case of emergency.


  His comment later on however, about Gertrude possibly disappearing there, does make him pause.


  
    “Wonder if that's where your general disappeared to from time to time then”
  


  That would explain so much about 
  
    everything
  
  .


  Quickly he cuts off the conversation and says goodbye, he needs to check.


  He was already in the tunnels, he just needed to explore them more, so he went. Its funny how he did not realize how big they actually were. Not until he reaches the bottom of the castle. Those corridors he usually ignored, mostly because there wasn't really anything of importance supposed to be there. At least that's what he thought. He did not account for them to stretch on and have even more rooms and space. The place suddenly became a maze and his magic was actually failing him, he couldn't know the pathway and that drew a very concerned line of thought.


  Because the walls had symbols that he knew were used to keep magic away. 


  So he was half blind.


  Oh he should go, no need to get involved further while he was alone, no need to get involved while no one knew where he was-


  But his place was in peril, therefore he had to keep going, still he kept it simple, not wanting to get lost. So he chose a path and kept to it. He noticed… footprints on the dusty floor. There was also some garbage lying around that raised more questions.


  It must had been at the very least a few hours when he found a room, this one however had things on it, papers and maps to be more specific. He only managed to see some of them, before a resounding noise hit him and water fell on top of his head. With a shout he stepped back clutching the single page that talked about finding Jonathan.


  It was as if the walls creaked to life and suddenly more water started to fall on top of the research. Elias could not save it, not only that, no, but the door was stuck and more water started to fall on top of him. Panic overtook him, because if it was really two hours away from where he came and there was water, that meant that he might be under the-


  The roof cracked more and the water drenched him, it was freezing cold and salty, confirming his fears. Elias started to try and pull the door open more frenetically.


  No,nonno


  He is not going to get drowned underground, he refuses.


  With the water actually rising and pooling while his teeth clattered he managed to finally open the door.


  Water fell out along with him.


  He shuts the door close and starts to hurry back. Of course his limbs were stiff and the tunnels themselves were also freezing, so by the time he managed to get back to the castle, he was feeling very, very bad.


  The hot bath only helped to make his circulation go back to normal, but did not stop him from shivering and getting a fever and getting a runny nose. His healers when he called for them, were bewildered and concerned, but he just told them to please get him something to stop feeling like garbage.


  As it is, the potions and medicine they gave him, practically made him pass out. So he was out cold for two days.


  By the third, he could stay awake, when Peter called he was… much better, albeit he still felt like the worst. The man, once he picked up the shell from his bedside table, instantly started to speak, and he could hear a mild worry in his tone, making something warm go around his chest.


  Or perhaps that was the potion and soup he took.


  
    “Finally!! If this is your way to make me feel bad, I must say I do believe i get your point Elias-” 
  
  He coughs fairly badly, he is trying his best, but spending hours in freezing clothes and environment left him practically out of it.


  “Sorry” Peter sounds unsure and concerned.


  
    “Are you... ill?”
  


  “Mm, yeah, i think i might have overdone myself”


  
    “What do you mean? Last i heard you were going to see if your general was hiding in the tunnels what does that-”
  


  “More tunnels” He never accounted for having more tunnels, how could he?


  
    “... Excuse me?”
  


  “The tunnels… they algo go down, they are huge, they must reach the forest near the town. Perhaps even go under the water to the mainland, it's impossible to know i can’t see there or know anything about it”


  
    “Ok, that's interesting… better than i expected, but it doesn't answer-”
  


  “Getting-” A coughing fit stops him. “Getting there!” He has to calm down and breathe.


  
    “Maybe you can tell me once i'm back… clearly you are tired and-” 
  
  The concern for his health is touching, but he need to let this out somehow, because he was ill the last two days and now he can focus on the actual terror of having an entire unknown under his own castle, along with whoever is living there.


  “No, no better like this i don't know-” He stops and it takes some time before he picks up the conversation again. 


  He doesn't know, that's the issue, Elias has to know. Every chance, every variable, he needs to figure it out, otherwise he could get 
  
    killed
  
  .


  “.... she is there, or at least someone is living there, maybe she is feeding someone or i don't know, but my point is. Gertrude does go down there to see someone and I don't know who. I went to explore, but I accidentally made it to a room with things, books and diagrams. I was going to take a look, but the place started to shift and water came from the roof. That's why I assumed they went under the water” Just thinking about being, even if temporarily, stuck there is enough to make him shiver miserably in bed, Elias feels cold.


  “The room started to fill with water quickly and i got soaked, got stuck there for hours with the cold and when i came up i was damp and freezing, so i got sick. The papers were ruined and the architecture was different. I dont know whats wrong and im-” He lowers his voice, because at his point he doesn't know if Gertrude is the only one involved, for all he knows...


  “I don't know what she is planning, or with whom” 


  
    “Did you see anything?”
  
   He stays quiet, the notes about the prince. Does he… does he really want to tell him?


  Peter doesn't want him dead and as this has been established, he could be happy just leaving, he is not planning anything nefarious for him. That's the entire point in which he distrusted him.


  Peter simply…. doesn't care about any of it. He is just here for entertainment sake, the kingdom and its issues aren't his to worry. He is just here because he asked him to be.


  The man is there because Elias wants him there, its just that simple of a revelation.


  So with bitterness for what he found out and a fair share of relief at the conclusion he came with he tells him.


  “One thing” 


  
    “What?”
  


  “They were notes about looking for the missing prince” The man appears and Elias gets kicked out of the crown. It doesn't matter his achievements.


  
    “Oh shit”
  


  “Yes, oh shit indeed”


  
    “But! Its like i said before, what are the odds he is even alive at this point-”
  


  “Annabelle” The name leaves a sour taste on his mouth.


  
    “What about her?”
  


  “... She implied, before taking me to the clearing that she knew at some point where the missing prince was, but that he escaped”


  
    “That's... really bad” 
  
  He sighs tiredly.


  “I know” 


  There is a silence and lots of things are running through his head at the same time, making him dizzy all that possibilities and worries-


  
    “Once you are better do you want to see something interesting?” 
  
  He lets out a sound of confusion making him scrunch up his nose in annoyance, because he is not listening or taking him seriously!


  “Peter did you not hear-”


  
    “I did, and if you want I can go explore with you later, but it sounds like you need to stop a little and just… be away from the castle and the people. You showed me the old church right? I found a spot too and i would like to… share it if possible? Somewhere to think in peace” 
  


  He sounds self conscious and he wants to say no, but a place away from prying eyes with just them to scheme and perhaps relax doesn't sound so bad to him. Just a few hours then.


  “Its.. a lovely offer and i- cough- i will take your word for it. Also to accompany me to the other tunnels” Peter waits a few seconds to reply and his answer was of course just meant to make him laugh at the ridiculousness.


  “
  
    Maybe we even finally find that sex dungeoun down there! Think of the possibilities Elias
  
  ”


  He chokes a little and starts laughing while laying on his side, it hurts a little, but that small joke has calmed him down far more than he ever expected. He really likes him, the bastard that he is.


  “You monster-”


  
    “You are welcome”
  


  Then he just talks, nothing important, but Peter talks and Elias dozes off and on, just hearing his voice, its soothing and cheerful even if he is sure half of the time he doesn't mean it. The talk about snow, gives him a brief flash to his list and he wants to see his face at the frozen menace, oh sure its nice for a while but then it becomes just plain annoying.


  Elias starts to yawn a lot and even sneeze, causing the man to chuckle.


  
    “Like a cat!”
  


  “I hate you”


  Eventually he wishes him a goodnight. Tired but far more calm, he presses his face against his pillow and mumbles.


  “... Thank you Peter, i will see you tomorrow” He can't wait.


  “See you little menace” He falls asleep quickly with the shell next to him and a smile tugging at his lips.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  By morning he still feels like shit, but he is at the very least not dying. He wonders what Gertrude thinks about the whole thing, but if she suddenly appears to stab him he would be very pissed off. However he doesn't consider that could happen, since apparently she seems to be looking for the prince, therefore she is looking for a replacement and needs him first.


  So at least he has hope?


  He takes a bath, still feeling under the weather, food is brought to his room and he spends time readins afterwards the stupid novel about the prince and sailor, he can at least excuse his flushed cheeks on the fever rather than the more… risque writing. 


  It's just a book, with no other basis in reality and Elias is not thinking anything weird. Even less so comparing it to his stay at the ship with Peter. 
  
    Not at all.
  


  He feels amusement that is not his at the back of his mind and so he silently tells his patron to shove it.


  As an adult he has every right to have a fantasy or two. Peter is a friend but he is attractive, even if his personality is sort of all over the place. So yeah, a few stray thoughts can come and go, they don't mean anything.


  Reading about how the prince and sailor start to have somewhat tender sex alone at their ship, just the two of them doesnt make him think anything else. Not at all.


  He was getting mildly uncomfortable in certain parts of his anatomy, but a knock on the door from the healer startles him and makes him panickedly hide the book under his pillows.


  …..


  Peter doesn't come back until the afternoon. However he knows when he finally arrives the moment he sees him through the guards eyes, they let him in immediately and the man walks quickly and surely in direction to where he is. Probably to drop his stuff first, he can see the bag at his shoulder and Elias feels… content to finally have him in his sigh and to know where he is.


  Plus an ally always comes in handy and he needs one for real if he wants to survive this whole thing.


  Eventually he loses sight of him, since he runs out of paintings to follow him with and people tend to forget Peter is even there. He hears a knock on the door and slightly confused asks who it is.


  “Really Elias?” Oh.


  He assumed he would go to his room first not to see him.


  “Just come in” The taller man enters looking unsure and sheepish. Its when he sees him better that he can pinpoint the look of worry and perhaps guilt. He admits to not look great, the bags under his eyes, puffiness and paleness makes him look horrible.


  “Sorry my looks aren't up to your taste dear, but i'm working with what i have” Peter shakes himself off of his little stupor and glares, finally entering while still dropping his bag on the floor and closing the door. He momentarily stops and sees the vase with the flowers and Elias feels his face heat up for a different reason than the sickness.


  “You kept them..?”


  “They were a gift, i'm not about to throw it away”  Albeit he did, it still leaves something sour behind, but he doesn't want to think about it. He had been mad and over reacted.


  “Anyways, i'm surprised you didn't drop your things first and-” Peter shakes his head and moves closer to where he is in the bed making him slowly trail off. Once he is in reaching distance he hesitantly sits next to him, oh he looked very uncomfortable, but Elias was the one more confused than anything.


  “Peter..?”


  “ How are you feeling now?” 


  “... Better than 3 days ago, but still bad. Doctors and healers said i need a few more days to be ok” Nodding he fidgets a little.


  “Well i'm glad! Wouldn't do to have you keel over while I was away, heh, it would actually be fairly… bad” This is perhaps the most awkward way anyone has ever used to basically said they were worried and cared about him, but by god it was sort of sweet.


  He feels his patron proverbially roll its infinite eyes.


  “Thanks… Peter, it would be sad too if the sirens ate you” Oh it would be infuriating that those monsters ate him, but Elias will let it be for now, apparently he saved him so he will take it.


  “Speaking off.. how did they look? How was their song? I never saw one in real life only read about it and had some people tell their stories and-” He keeps going, the man nods while he speaks. It seems to put him at ease somehow, making it so he ends up sitting on the bed with his back to the headboard.


  “There were two, a young woman I suppose ? And an old man, then again I don't really know how does it work, anyways… she was… pretty i suppose, albeit it was somewhat dampened by the sharp teeth and creepy eyes. The other one i did not see, must have been waiting under the water so i only heard him tell her to leave when i fell back to the deck”


  “Huh, well at least I know your tastes don't extend to sirens” He snorts and says something too low for him to actually pick out.


  “What?” Peter shakes his head and he can see his cheeks redden a little.


  “Nothing, nevermind its not important” When he finishes saying that he turns to the side and coughs a little.


  “I'm not making you-”


  “No, no, i- i always had this, its not a problem don't worry” He decides to let it go for now, even i f he thinks he is not telling him something by the way his face scrunches up.


  “Sure, so nothing else? No other, wow i saw a mythical creature? What about the song? How was that like? Supposedly it makes you hear whatever you want the most” That makes him tense next to him and Elias feels a surge of… anger? No, not quite.


  “It was… nice, like the nicest song i ever heard in my life. I can't really explain… i don't think she was even singing for real, it was more like the song came out of her, no idea if i'm making sense at all?” It was.. convoluted, but he has a mild idea.


  “Sort of? Their power is to attract prey so i assume its sort of hypnotic in a way” 


  “Yeah, yeah, sort of like that…” Closing his eyes and letting out a breath, Elias can see his face clearly and notice his own bags under his eyes and paleness. What a mess they are huh?


  Regardless, he needs to focus, but its sort of hard when he has him so close and now that he remembers, sitting almost on top of the hidden book under his pillow.


  If he sees it he would never be able to see Peter in the face again, ever. So Elias shifts and gets closer to him to spook him, since the man is very reticent against touch. Hopefully this will make him get up.


  He did not count on Peter stiffening at having him pressed himself against his side, but actually relaxing too and even tentatively put his arm around him.


  That was messing with him now. oh boy.


  “Is this ok?” Is it??? It takes him a few seconds in which he feels him pull away, but stubbornness makes him nod.


  “Its ok, yes, thanks”


   So now they are both sitting leaning into each other and he really needs to keep his priorities straight-


  The unintentional pun makes him let out a small laugh.


  “What-”


  “Thought something stupid, dont ask” He can actually feel Peter’s low hum of agreement.


  “If you say so”


  Last time they were this close was when they were coming back from Hilltop and they had to share a bed. This was… nice actually.


  Peter talks nonsense and Elias slowly relaxes against him, after a long while even his eyes drop slowly, the man starts to shift as if to move away.


  “Stay” He feels him take a breath, it feels like years, before he replies.


  “That can't be too comfortable, maybe lay down and-”


  “Peter just let me enjoy this”


  “...” He does move again and he was going to curse him out, but he moves him until they are laying on the bed.


  “You are hot” Elias eyes open wide and the man splutters.


  “With a fever!! With a fever I mean” He is blushing hard now.


  “Sure… albeit i am on a general basis too..” He grumbles, but eventually they end up both of pressed against  each other.


  “Go to sleep. You are clearly delirious”


  “Mm maybe i am”


  “Of course”


  The quiet, along with the other man’s presence after three week and the relief that no one would try to stab him like this comes all crashing down and Elias just sighs, letting his body go lax.


  “When you feel better we can go and see your tunnels, maybe find the rat living there. If not, well. I'm sure you will think something! You always seem to be scheming little siren” Furrowing his brows he looks up at Peter who looks embarrassed.


  Oh, that was a nickname.


  “Thought you didn't like the sirens?”


  “.... I told you” He seems to struggle but eventually speaks again “They have a nice voice”


  It takes him a few seconds to realize what he was implying and it floors him enough that he has to hide his reddening face against his shoulder.


  “Shush…. thanks” Eventually he does doze off with a warm feeling inside him.

 

  Waking up he sees that Peter fell asleep too next to him and that at some point he ended up hugging him, even if the covers made it difficult, Elias was wrapped up with the other man and was feeling both elated and woozie.


  Taking mild comfort on the whole ordeal, he buries his face on Peter’s chest who against all odds is 
  
    warm
  
  . Elias himself usually runs cold so its a nice change.


  This, he muses, is something that he didn't really know he needed.


  Eventually he has to let go, mostly to not spook the man, who starts to twitch awake.


  Peter wakes, yawns and rolls to the side to start getting up, he feels a little disappointment, but he pushes it down, this was better than he could hope for, he should be grateful, he doubts he can manage to get him to take a nap with him like this again, without the excuse of being sick.


  “Mm think i am going to my room now, better unpack. Sooo see you later?”


  “Not like i can go much of anywhere yet but-”


  “I mean dinner? Unless you would like to be, heh, on your own?” The fact that he seems to find some joy in that little joke makes him want to both punch him and let out a laugh.


  He does neither and instead agrees.


  “Sounds good to me… see you later Peter” He gives him a bashful smile and goes away.


  Once he is out he pulls out the book from under the pillow and shoves it in his nightside table drawer.


  Never again.

 

  The healer comes by, albeit she acts sort of funny, but he chooses not to comment. Still she says he is certainly better and that in just a couple of days he should be ok.


  So there is that at least.

 

  Dinner comes and he expects it to be just his plate, but apparently Peter comes in with food for the two of them. When he asks, he says that the cook just shoved the whole thing to him and told him to go.


  “She looked way too happy Elias, it was sort of frightening”


  He narrows his eyes and ponders.

 

  So the next few days go like that, he stays in, taking medicine, sleeping the worst off and reading or knitting when he can. Peter has apparently decided to appear often enough and just… stay around. Sometimes they don't even talk, he just sits somewhere around and reads one of the books he bought last time while he does the same.


  He becomes the one to bring him food and he is still as baffled as before at the attitude of the people. His staff is full of nosy little messes.


  Still he reads romance ones, but not 
  
    the one
  
  , that is still hidden away in his drawer for safekeeping.


  It makes the man give him a few looks from time to time.


  “What Peter? This is the fifth time you have been giving me side looks, what's up?” The taller one shrugs but does it again, at his unimpressed stare he sighs and relents.


  “Are they really that interesting? I mean, romance novels, really?” With a huff he rolls his eyes.


  “Are the pirate adventures any good? What kind of questions is that? I…. enjoy them. What can i say?”


  “You just don't seem the type…”


  “The type of?”


  “Romance stuff?” He seems to be trying to make himself smaller and smaller the more he talks and its hilarious. Looking at him he just gives him a deadpan look.


  “And you don't seem the type to like adventure novels, yet here we are huh?”


  “... Yes”


  “And for your information, i do like “romance stuff” as you put it. I'm just merely busy, plus it's more complicated in real life, so this is a fairly good substitute”


  Silence comes back and he puts his book up again to read when its clear Peter does not attempt to follow on the conversation.

 

  During dinner however he asks if he can borrow one.


  “Why?”


  “Im just curious, i never read one of those, most of my books were all about history, my uncle just barely managed to sneak me some from time to time about adventure…”  With his mouth on a fine line he considers and tells him to look on his dresser.


  “Why…?”


  “I keep them there… it is sort of embarrassing after all” Peter chuckles and eventually goes to grab one. He stands and just sees all of them trying to pick, it makes him slightly nervous, but its fine, none of them are-


  “Huh, I like this one” He shows it to Elias. Right he forgot he had that one, the runaway prince who falls in love with the princess 


  “That one is nice, i read it like years ago, so yeah take it”


  “Mm, yeah I will, albeit it would probably be better if- em nevermind…. and alsoo this one” He shows him the one about two princes in love. Elias does have a collection of books about royals in love, sue him for having a preference. He wonders about the beginning of his sentence, but knows that he will not elaborate further, although he can take a guess.


  “Also very good. You know i have the same one as the first you showed me but with two princes instead right? Its at the back” He thinks he hears him mutter a thank god, but it could be his imagination.


  “Thats- yeah thank you” He picks it up and looks more happy.


  ….


  Yeah, that is- very cute.


  Elias asks for strength and gets the supernatural equivalent of a palm on his back.


  He is very fucked.

 

  Peter also gets him some biscuits with chocolate chips and on a surprise actually chocolate cake.


  “You made it?”


  “I was bored and the kitchen staff left finally. Helen kept trying to steal the chips, I think she even managed to make a few of them to taste like oranges” At his incredulous face he backpedals


  “Its ok! I tasted them hours ago and I'm fine, plus really, it was just orange flavor, nothing nefarious” That was not his first thought actually, but he appreciates he recalls his obsession with checking food now. 


  “So you have spoken with her again?”


  “Mm?” Having him try and steal some cake from him was not endearing, it wasn't.


  “Yeah, its… nice i suppose? She actually helped me frighten a few guards, it was kind of fun. We did have to run once we saw Gertrude further away. She looked angry and Helen managed to push me back before she saw us” 


  “Was she… doing anything suspicious?” Pulling a face he shakes his head.


  “Not that we saw, she was just going around like usual”


  Ugh.


  “Say Peter can you do me a favour? In my office on the tower, do you remember the red gem that was on my desk?” He seems to think, but slowly nods.


  “Can you get that for me?”


  “Sure, tomorrow?”


  “Yes, i will give you the key”


  They eat more and talk about more random stuff, he even gets a few stories from when the man was a child.


  Still as terrifying and as weird as usual, but he shares his own too, it seems to amuse him a lot  the ones about terrorizing the other kids.

 

  The next day Peter comes and looks nervous, when he asks he closes the door and approaches him.


  “Does anyone else have a key to the study?”


  “No? Its my personal room-”


  “Its not there. The rock I mean, I looked all over, but it was just, puff gone!” What??


  “What??!” Peter grimaces.


  “Yes, but there was something I did find on the floor” He offers a small metal plate. He doesn't even have to grab it to know what it says.


  
    From the library of Jurgen Leitner.
  


  “Thats a-”


  “Leitner yes” He blinks at him.


  “You know what a Leitner is?”


  “My uncle and nanny told me, so yes. Magic cursed books that got collected by the mad librarian, but got lost in an attack from the fairies that had created them to recover the texts, or well just throw them around for some poor bastard to find”


  Fucking Leitner!?


  Worst part is, he knows the man used to work for the kingdom, how the hell did one of his books end up-?


  Two sets of footprints, garbage and tunnels guarded against magic-


  Oh he does not like that at all.


  “Why does my life like to become more complicated!” They stole the tracker rock for the prince. He could do another one, but it will take time and he is rightfully so, freaking out-


  “Elias?”


  Gertrude and Leitner? No, he was supposedly killed, someone else? Who is working to find the prince besides him??? Who knows that he is alive!!


  “Elias, you should try and calm-”


  He is going to get killed, lose his position or sent to the dungeon-


  “I need to get rid of her”


  “....” Peter stares at him and he realizes he fucked up, so he attempts to backpedal.


  “I- shit i didn't-”


  “Ok” He looks up.


  “What?”


  “If she is planning against you, then let's get rid of her! She is very unpleasant” He laughs a little.


  “Im, Peter you don't, it's a joke there is no need-”


  “Elias” His tone is calm, but serious. Peter sits next to him and puts a hand on top of his.


  “I don't mind, I told you. It would be weird if you didnt get down to some murder. So i will help, but first get better and we can talk about it once I show you the place I told you about. No one will bother us there” 


  “I- thanks. But i can't really, she is bound to queen Agnes and if she dies, so can she” He puts his hands against his face trying to calm down.


  “Well you are clever we can figure something out! Mm i could ask Helen? She knows her stuff” He laughs a little nervously.


  “I dont think i can trust her, but you are right, i can see to try and figure out something. Plus i need more proof…”


  “Good, so proof and checking out a few options, that sounds about right! I can see to follow her”


  “She can see you, we have the same patron, she won't ignore you” The man rolls his eyes and pouts. It makes his lips twitch upwards.


  “But you can try, I suppose” Peter bumps their shoulders and he sighs. He doesn't have a fever and honestly, the healer said that by tomorrow he should be able to go around, as long as he takes it easy. So there is no excuse for what he does.


  Elias puts his head against his shoulder and stays there.


  “....I must thank you for your attempts at cheering me up”


  “I dont know what you are talking about at all” 


  “Mm, sure” In the end they stay like that for a while in silence. Peter with a lot of hesitation starts to play with his hand pressing on his fingers and he does the same.


  It devolves into squabbling, but what did he expect.


  He does not notice the sad yet amused glances that Peter gives him when he says that by next year he should make him his birthday cake.


  “Lets see how this year ends first shall we? Lets not get ahead of ourselves”


  Grumpily he relents.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  He is finally fine to walk around and go without any further issue, Elias takes his time to check his tower and look around for anything he could be missing, but as Peter said there was nothing out of place, beyond the missing gem.


  Pissed off, he sulks while he pinches the bridge of his nose, his companion is settled in front of him waiting for him to finish his little tantrum so he can start dictating what he has to write.


  Elias had not been joking about making him help with paperwork after the weeks of no signal from him, so at the very least Peter was making himself useful, he still has to ask about his possible deal with Simon to him and if he could perhaps help him, of course without interacting with the older king, but he figures that its better if he does it during dinner time, soften him up a little bit more if possible.


  So despite being preoccupied about the missing gem, Gertrude conspiring and his economic deal with Simon he has to prepare for the festival. At least for the ball during the end of the year there is still time to prepare so that's something at least.


  He was also looking for information about the tunnels, he did not know why did they even go that far out of the castle in the first place. But so far there was no answer.


  “So lights, flags, food, cleaning any excess of ice from the snow that could be counterproductive, fireworks-” Peter writes as fast as he can, while he walks around thinking “Drinks albeit with moderation- checking which business would be open for the public during the day-”


  “What exactly do you have to do during this day?” That stops him a little bit.


  “What do you mean?” The man rolls his eyes.


  “I mean, are you going to be checking this yourself or are you going to be able to enjoy it?” Laughing lightly he shakes his head.


  “I don't participate, i merely oversee my subjects, besides i need to be the first one to light up the lights as a “
  
    symbolic act
  
  ” since i'm the king, even if i don't really care much for it” The unimpressed stare he gets is met with one of equal measure.


  “So you just stay here, turn on the lights and just… go back?”


  “I mean, yes, I would think you out of everyone would find that enjoyable” Peter tilts his head and makes a sound of mild agreement even if his face is not completely agreeing.


  “I would say so, but i like to watch the people go around be happy, i'm not used to seeing it, back home everyone was more or less miserable. This is interesting plus… its sort of alienating to be surrounded by happy people and know that you aren't part of it, even if you are in the middle of it” His eyes turn faraway and something in Elias awareness pings with distress, he actually stammers trying to pull him back from whatever that little spell was, but more importantly he could swear he looked sort of foggy on the edges.


  “I-i mean sure tha-that's something, but i assumed you asked for me to tag along, so you wouldn't really be alone, or well, we would both be? alone… together” He stares back at him in sudden surprise and his face flushes, but he sees him turn to the side and cough something bad.


  “You really need to see a doctor Peter, that can't be good for you at all”


  “I- I know, but its not… it can't be fixed, still its not so bad” His unbelievable look makes him squirm, for what feels like the hundredth time he decides to let it rest, if he has something of weak lungs there is not much Elias can do about it, he is no healer after all. And if he had been checked before and there was nothing to be done, he can't ask for much more.


  “So… you would leave your kingly duties to come along with me?”


  “... I mean just for a little during the afternoon at the very least, i have to be back before the sun is down to change and start the floating lights procesion, afterwards i'm free to do as i want again” Peter nods and smiles a little, its small and he looks down a little flustered when he catches him, making him smiles dumbly himself.


  What was up with him?


  “So, besides that, as i was saying we need more-” And they keep at it, he gives more instructions and Peter writes, the work is faster like that at the very least so he feels marginally better. When they are done, the man excuses himself and says he is going to meet up with Helen.


  “She wants to see Opal, so we will be at the beach if you are interested?” His smile turns into a line, shaking his head he tells him to enjoy himself.


  “... I mean it, she is not so bad, well- she is bad, but not terrible, erm where was i going with this?” Looking up and biting his lip he pushes him out of the door.


  “Just go please”


  “Yes, yes your highness”

 

  At night he waits for him so they can eat at the table this time, he admits to have taken a liking to have dinner together in his room, but he should seriously stop his staff from getting over their heads, honestly.


  The flowers and candles are overkill and he will yell at whoever thought it was a good idea, regardless Peter arrives late looking like he was in a hurry while his hair still looked damp as if he has just bathed. Lifting an eyebrow the man shrugs and sits.


  “Sorry some new staff ended up talking to me, seemed he thought i was trespassing and was trying to get me to leave, i could not get him to drop it, it wasn't until a guard told him to leave me be and that i was your “guest” that he stopped-” He took a sip of water and turned to him rolling his eyes. “It deterred him for all of 2 minutes before he started to try and talk me up! Worst part was, he did not seem to get any of my hints to make him leave me the hell alone, he ignored the fog even, and i don't mean like you, i mean he saw it, asked if i could do it on command for parties and kept going!” Elias' mouth was on a full blow smile and he was trying very hard to not laugh at the pouting and complaining man in front of him, he has no idea which of the new hires did that, but oh my god did he wish he had seen it. Peter’s face must had been delightful to see.


  “Poor thing… maybe soon enough you get more people to follow you around”


  “Please don't joke about it” Elias can't help it and actually laughs.


  “I don't think it would be the end of the world for you to make friends” He doesn't see the complicated look he makes at his comment but Elias does choke a little at his response.


  “I already have you-” He must see his face, because he adds quickly “And Helen, I mean she is sort of like a friend? Not one who would be good to be around all the time, fairly sure i would be arrested if i wasn't living here, but-”


  “I- yes, we are friends huh” The almost constipated look on Peter was honestly quite a sigh, but it did lighten things up, even if he felt a pinch of something bitter about it. Elias was happy to be his friend, he really was!


  He fumbles with his shirt sleeves and keeps eating, they drop the conversation, but after a while Elias tells him while looking for any signs of him wanting to run off, that he had considered trading with Simon, who seemed quite open to the idea, but that perhaps he could use some help with it.


  “... With king Simon?”


  “No, with the tooth fairy, yes!” He gives him an owlish look.


  “But he only has trades with Mooreland” Nodding, Elias sighs.


  “Thats what i thought, but he claims that they are currently in not good terms, heh, he even said i could try to make business with them, but it would be honestly far more trouble than its worth it, they are so closed off that i doubt i could even get in contact with the queen. I mean in all the years i had been king they have never even attended the yearly ball and i know they get invited by all the respective kingdoms that hold it” Peter nods and goes back to ask about his ideas with Simon, feeling like he is back on track they discuss it. The man is willing to lend help but to not be mentioned to the old king.


  “Fair, if you help with it, I would be paying you since it would be a job that way you have your own income and an excuse to stay” Peter snorts.


  “Oh? And being your saviour is not enough little Siren?” Elias' cheeks go a little bit flushed, but he laughs.


  “It is to me, but i am merely giving you the option”


  “Can… i think about it?” Shaking his head and smiling he replies.


  “Why of course not, you have to answer me now or i will be mighty offended. Yes you odd man, you got time, think it through”


  “Thanks”

 

  Before going to their rooms Peter stops him and asks if he would like to go with him the next day to the spot he mentioned.


  “... Really?”


  “Yes, its nice, I mean if you have the time?” He is some days behind, but it's not like there is an all out emergency, so he nods.


  “Do i need to take the bracelet or..?” Peter shakes his head.


  “No, no it's alright, it's by the forest, we wouldn't be making it to town anyways” Now that is sort of intriguing but he decides to find out later, after all its not often he gets to see him this excited. 


  “Well then i expect something interesting then, goodnight Peter” He sees him smile and before either of them can react he leans down and kisses his cheek.


  “Goodnight Elias!” He turns around and enters the door to his room, he stays a few seconds and goes to his own room where he proceeds to feel the tingly sensation of the kiss on his skin.


  He hears the wall thumping as if someone was hitting it lightly.


  Elias grins even if his cheeks feel hot for reasons he refuses to fattom.

 

  The next day goes by normally, but he does cross paths with Gertrude, the encounter could be like one of their usual ones, but she seems to be gauging his reaction just like he is at hers.


  “Going out?”


  “Just for a few hours, i can have some time off from time to time, believe it or not” Her face remains impassive, but he can see her mouth thin.


  “I wouldnt think you would go out this soon after getting so sick” She knows, she absolutely knows. “As unexpected as that was, albeit considering i did catch you all wet walking around with your… partner before i don't put it past you to fall onto the ocean on your own” Conniving bat-!


  “I assure you it won't happen again” She huffs and turns.


  “I suppose not, it would be quite difficult to find a replacement if you die, what with not leaving or naming heirs” He counts to ten.


  “You know what i think-”


  “Yes i do, which is why i'm concerned about the future of the kingdom” Future as if she wouldn't croak eventually.


  “I'm just as well concerned-”


  “Yes, by running around to frolic with your new toy, how long till you get bored like with all the others?” Clenching his jaw, but maintaining his face of politeness he ends the conversation.


  “At least i have something to entertain myself, i'm glad queen Agnes found herself happy, i'm sure it must have come to a shock for you” Her face becomes thunderous.


  “We both agreed it was for the best do not-” Tired of her games he cuts her off.


  “We did, and as it turns out, maybe it was not necessary, maybe this was all just a big, giant, misunderstanding, or perhaps the bond was necessary to get this outcome, we will never know. What i do however with my life and how i do it, is of no concern of yours, just like i don't pry or say much about yours, i will not speak of this again, and i hope for your own peace that you don't either”


  “... Understood Elias”


  “Good, have a good day Gertrude”


  He turns around and leaves, his entire body was tense and he was struggling to not let out a frustrated yell, that woman pulls on his nerves.


  By the time he reaches the garden, hoping to find Peter waiting for him, he was a little more calm, it does however not last much, when he sees his companion talk with a man from the staff, he doesnt recognize his face, so he quickly checks, right the new one, Timothy.


  The man was being far too… forwards with his companion, in fact he was way too friendly, he saw him gesticulate with his arms and laugh at something Peter says, putting one hand on his arm. The taller of the two tenses, but after a while seems to relax slightly and Elias does not want to see that anymore, so he moves and approaches them with a perfect face of contentment.


  At least that's what he thought, Peter was looking to where he was coming and made a face of mild worry at seeing him that forces Tim to stop and turn around, his smile does not leave his face and he bows to him, before stepping back.


  “Sorry your highness, i did not meant to steal your companion, i shall leave you alone” 


  “Thank you-”


  “Oh and Peter remember what i said “ He walks backwards and does finger guns at the other who looks embarrassed.


  “Please go”


  “Sure will do!”


  Once he is out of view and earshot he questions him fervently. He doesn't like that he was so… forward with him, even less that he 
  
    let him.
  


  
    Peter only lets him be so close.
  


  “I told you he won't leave me alone!”


  “What was that he said about remembering what he said?” That however makes him turn around and walk quickly leaving him behind.


  “Something stupid, lets go!” He tries to keep up the pace between them, but sort of falls behind, Elias sees that he has a basket and asks.


  “For snacking, don't worry, now c'mon”


  After a while of pestering and being told to wait he stays quiet looking around, Peter seems far happier the further away they are from the castle, but it doesn't surprise him. He has noticed he seems to find more joy in watching the people from afar doing their own business than being around them. Plus, for some reason his magic gets stronger when there are more people close by to cause them to get depressed. The castle fortunately is so spaced out that it doesn't seem to be that big of an issue. Otherwise he would need to really sleep on the ship and that would be a shame.


  The walk is normal for a while, Peter however, the more they got deeper into the woods would sometimes look around and direct him to not move or step on certain patches of grass. Elias tried to know what the hell was the man seeing to cause him to act like that, but his patron was being thoughtfully amused at this.


  
    Find out
  


  Of course it decides to be difficult, he made a deal to know everything important and yet here he is.


  Anyways the point is that after stumbling around a few times, Peter with a long suffering sigh holds his hand to drag him with him. He scowled to the side and had a small flush that made Elias grin viciously.


  He did not deign to think about his heart going a little faster.


  “Like this you will stop stepping into their houses, seriously why are you not avoiding them? They will run us off if you keep at it” Elias goes from smug to totally confused.


  “Houses? Whose houses?” He doesn't really look and Peter pulls at him before he steps forward.


  “Don't step on- aaaand you kicked the roof, great, Elias, great. Wonderful start” Now he seemed more annoyed and it ticked him off.


  “Perhaps if you explained yourself!! What did i do? There is nothing on the ground you weirdo” He mumbles what he knows is a curse at him and in return he scowls.


  “You don't- but you have a contract, how can you not see-” That comment actually upsets him, because its exactly what he asked, yet got no answer.


  
    Its not something that would cause you to lose the kingdom, the contract is still solid
  


  The voice, yet not really, leaves an imprint of a message and he feels his head start to hurt.


  Speaking through clenched teeth he replies.


  “It doesnt think is important to let me know. Now what-do-you-mean?” Peter looks up then around them as if to try and find a place to run off to. Oh no. His hand is still holding his firmly and Elias squeezes it, Peter coughs to the side in a small fit. He wants to ask-


  “Ok, i- i guess it makes sense why you can't and i-” He sighs and has a frustrated expression on his face “New plan, i need to pick something from the forest, i saw it a little while ago, so wait here, hold this and don't move. It will help and it will make sense i promise”


  He gives him a pointed look.


  “You aren't just ditching me are you?” That startles a laugh out of him.


  “I think if I wanted you dead or lost in the woods I would have done it a long time ago little man” Dropping his hand he steps back and Elias quickly grabs his wrist.


  “Don't take too long ok? Or i will think you got kidnapped by fairies or something” Peter nods with a joyful expression.


  “Oh don't worry they would never dare” With that cryptic message he goes back and Elias is left alone waiting.


  …


  Eventually he moves closer to a tree and leans against it expectantly.


  It must be ten minutes before the man comes back, he had sat down and started to do a few small flower bracelets with what was around in boredom. He was feigning calmness, but ever since Peter left he felt observed and he knew it was not his imagination. 


  When Peter appears Elias looks up and sees that he has a bunch of flower petals on top of his hair and he is batting at them to get them off in annoyance. It makes him pause considering that with the cold there were less flowers around for it to happen.


  “I hate-this-stupid-flower-stuff!” He misses a bunch of them and the feeling of eyes staring at him disappears instantly when the man comes back. Covering his mouth to not show his grin he gets up and starts to try and get the rest out to help him out. One of them funnily enough was stuck on his beard. The other interesting thing is that they all are from several different flowers.


  “What did you do, roll in them?”


  “Ugh- Look i got what i wanted, so lets just get this over with” He takes out a strange looking fruit from his pocket and offers it to him. He doesnt think he has ever seen it before and he has a moment to panic thinking that maybe he was trying to kill him.


  
    Fairly sure he already told you he could have done that before.
  


  “Just one bite, no more than that” He eyes it wearily. Peter gives him a look and groans.


  “Its not poisoned!” 


  “Well apologies for being wary, its not as if i have a stressful job where multiple people want me dead in a general basis! Try it first then!” Peter shakes his head and starts to look a little bit too pale-


  Or more like a little bit nauseous.


  “I can't, i'm allergic” He really looks like its making him sick.


  “How convenient”


  “Elias….” He purses his lips, but does grab it. He feels like there is something waiting to snap somewhere around and its making him nervous.


  “Promise it won't kill me?” He nods.


  “I swear, but just- remember it's one bite, doesn't matter if it tastes good” Looking puzzled he nods and hesitantly takes a bite of it.


  …


  Holy-


  It tastes like the most sweet and perfect thing he has ever tried in his life, the fruit was juicy and pink on the inside and he wanted to eat more of it-


  
    BAD
  


  He snaps when he feels Peter trying to unclench his hand from it, he just noticed he was attempting to take another bite from it.


  “Elias-!” He blinks and loosens his hand. Peter takes it away from him and after hesitating throws it somewhere between the bushes.


  “What was-” For some reason even if it was for a split second he swears that Peter looked off. The moment passes and its the two of them.


  “Better?” Elias is unsure if there was anything wrong, but what he does notice is that behind the man's head, hanging from a tree was a small house that had not been there five minutes ago. He opens his mouth and looks around, there are more tiny houses all across the place, on the trees, between the fungus.


  “Was that an hallucinogen fruit, because if it was its not funny-” That makes him chuckle and now he can fully appreciate the fact that Peter had gotten very close while trying to get him to stop eating the fruit. He looks down at him and Elias realizes that he is staring at his mouth, making it go dry-


  “You got some of the juice there-” Lifting his hand he grabs a handkerchief from his pocket and offers it to him.


  Right-


  Stupid him.


  Embarrassed and still very confused he cleans his face and Peter clears his throat and steps back a little.


  “So! As you can see now there are small creatures living here, most fairies are visible, but others… well not so much. You need to eat something to be able to perceive them”


  The small creatures looked like mixes between anthropomorphic plants, a small fungus creature peaked at them from one of the houses in the trees.


  “Oh, i didn't-” He sees the small house with the roof slightly damaged on the floor, making him wince.


  “Apologies for the roof, I didn't see it” Peter pats his shoulder and kneels down putting some small branches towards it, the creature similar to a praying mantis looks at it and nods grabbing them and flying up to fix it.


  “Now, let's go, we are almost there!” Elias nods, but is far more interested in seeing all the species of creatures living around, he even sees some who are using squirrels as steeds. Peter smiles at his face while looking around and grabs his wrist to push him along.


  It's ten more minutes, before they reach a small empty clearing, the man stops and turns to him.


  “Don't freak out”


  “What do you-” Peter steps back and disappears out of thin air, making him step back and look panicked-


  He appears again and beckons him. 


  “A glamour then?”


  “Mm yes exciting right, shall we?” He offers his arm and Elias huffs, but takes it nonetheless.


  “What a gentleman”


  “I have my moments” Once they step in he sees what is quite honestly a beautiful sight. Plants and flowers of every kind, a lake and small islands with more and different creatures.


  “How does this all even fit here-?”


  “Mm, its sort of like a portal, actually this is in the woods outside the kingdom, but if you pass through there it connects them to the ones near the castle. Nifty little trick huh?” It is, plus it saves a lot of time. Well at least they aren't stuck, that would be a bummer. Everything in there stops to stare at them, some of the more animalistic creatures growl, but Peter just looks at them and suddenly there is a chill around. The fog that he has grown used to seems to slowly come in waves at the sides of the clearing and the creatures step back.


  “Will they… attack us for being here?” Peter shakes his head.


  “They are bening, well they like pranks, but they aren't really the type to be angry, plus we have magic, so they don't really care much” A little creature the size of his finger comes to look at them, it squeaks and Peter eyebrows rise.


  “Rude, he is a king you know? Not a peasant”


  “You.. know what he is saying?” His face is affronted but he nods.


  “Yes, you just have to pay attention, people usually ignore them, but if you make an effort…” Elias tries to focus, soon the squeaking turns a little bit more corrupted and soon it becomes far more understandable until-


  
    “Will this really work? He smells off”
  


  
    “
  
  Excuse me? I have a perfectly fine smell thank you very much!” It lets out a small gasp and in its excitement starts to let out a bunch of weird sounds.


  “Slower, slower i can't-”


  “I said- that is quite impressive, also hello! The one with the fog said you are king! Albeit you dont look like one? Don't you have a crown?” Blinking at the small fungus-like creature he tries to answer, while Peter offers his hand and it hops on it to speak at their level.


  “I do, but i have found out that most people find it intimidating if i use it when i'm not working”


  “Mm, sounds stupid, but humans are weird! Anyways, welcome, only rule is that you do not attack, harm or steal anything from the place, otherwise we will attack, and yes even you foggy one” The man just shrugs and smiles with mirth.


  “Oh i would love to see you try” He hisses at him


  
    “Peter-!” 
  


  “Fine, fine! Sorry, we just want a place to have a small picnic” He lowers the creature to the ground and it starts to move quickly through the grass. It was quite impressive, considering its size.


  “Oh I know the right spot!!! Let's gooo!” Peter lifts his shoulders in a gesture of, what can you do and Elias just pinches the bridge of his nose, but follows reluctantly.


  They walk and the fog follows them as it concentrates more, it causes some of the creatures to step back and look at them weirdly.


  “Peter…”


  “Dont worry about it, they aren't used to this type of magic, its sort of…”


  He thinks he sees a pixie faint.


  “Bad for some of them” His lips turn upwards.


  “My, what a secret power did you turn out to have, very handy in this case”


  “Oh, i don't know about that” Again like the times he has praised some aspect of his magic, Peter gets mildly uncomfortable, which puzzles him since he knows he likes the ability to make people go numb, and has admitted to finding some joy in it. The contrast between his feelings regarding it is baffling.


  “Hurry! And stop that foggy one-”


  “My bad! Sometimes it does what it wants” He sees the little fungus grumble.


  Eventually they reach a small island that they cross jumping through some rocks, he stumbles but Peter catches him on the other side giving him a somewhat goofy smile.


  “Won't let you fall this time” He is still holding him by tje waist and Elias feels his chest tighten, he smiles back at him..


  “What a-”


  “Stop flirting with your consort and come here” Both of them choke and step away from each other in a hurry blushing furiously.


  “Not my consort-!”


  “Husband? Partner, whatever it is, lets gooo” He is very tempted to kick the stupid fungus creature. Peter turns to the side and starts to cough, a few small flying butterflies like fairies startle and go to flutter around him, squealing and sticking to his face making him grumble and try to make them leave him alone.


  He huffs and follows the little creature to a stop under a tree with pink flowers.


  “Here! I will be going, but have fun, king with no crown!” 


  “I do have a crown!!” It turns again and shakes itself.


  “A crown that is borrowed” Before he questions him more Peter comes back trying to shoo away the fairies with mild success.


  “For the last time I'm fine! You cant help me, stop touching me” He hears them complain.


  “But you are so-”


  “Yes and its filling your-”


  “It must hurt!!!”


  “I yes, stop i know, look its not something that can be fixed-”


  “Changed perhaps!!”


  “Seriously cut it off i have to-”


  “Peter” Elias can't help but smile at the way he was letting the little butterfly creatures step on his hands “The picnic”


  “Ye-yes right!” He whispers to the pixies who look at him and them at the man and start to giggle, one flutters towards him and kisses his cheek but they do fly up and leave them alone.


  “Goodlord” Covering his mouth he starts to pick up stuff from the basket. The cake slices and fruits were very tempting. Peter sits next to him and leans against the tree.


  “Sooo, what do you think?” Elias looks to the small lake, the magic creatures just playing around, the bright colors  and turns to him.


  “Its such a beautiful sight, i would have never seen it without you, thank you” He blushes and starts to explain how he found it in one of his walks by accident. He listens and eats, commenting from time to time and just finally relaxing.


  Eventually they turn to speak about Gertrude and the situation.


  “I still say you should just get rid of her…”


  “It would jeopardize Agnes, and if she dies because i killed Gertrude im going to war and its not ideal” He leans against his shoulder while Peter sort of stiffly rest his head on top of his. Elias is very close and can smell the flowers and slight sea salt that usually accompanies him.


  “Well, cutting the bond without killing her?” He makes a non committed noise.


  “Annabelle was the one who performed the ritual, i have no idea how it happened, she never shared”


  “Ughhh”


  “Yes, i agree”


  They stay quiet and he becomes rather sleepy, the food, nice weather and company make him, feels safe enough to rest. His eyes drop slightly and Peter calls out to him.


  “Mm? What was that?”


  “I said you can sleep, i will wake you up, maybe you have better ideas then, little king” His face is amused and somewhat soft looking down on him, Elias feels his cheeks burn slightly.


  “Sure, but only if i get to sleep in the comfiest place” He sees him raise an eyebrow and despite the nervousness he wants to get away with it, so he moves and drops his head on his lap.


  “Better pillow” Looking up Peter is frozen in place, his eyes were open wide and his mouth didn't seem to know what to do. So he laughs, partially because it was fun, partially because he hoped maybe he took it as a joke, Elias starts to get up again feeling self conscious, but the man sort of stops him.


  “Its um, its ok. I don't- mmmind?” He ends it as a question, but pushes him back down so Elias relents.


  The shadow of the tree covers his eyes and he stares up for a little bit at Peter who looks around, clearly feeling his gaze on him.


  “Now you said you'd sleep so…”


  “Yeah, yeah, i was just admiring the view-” He looks down at him startled “Of the tree, if you haven't noticed i have never seen one like it before” And its true, but not what he wanted to say.


  “Oh, mm i have never seen it before to be honest, so no idea what type it is” After that he does close his eyes and starts to relax more and more, until he recalls no more.


  ----


  Later he doesn't open his eyes immediately preferring to stay still, mostly because he felt hands playing with his hair and a very low voice singing some sea shanty that he didn't know. The feeling of it was relaxing, the light scraping against his scalp along with the fingers sometimes lingering was making his heart beat faster and his hands to sweat, he let it be for a little bit longer until he pretends to shift and slowly wake up. The movement stops, which makes him want to complain, but he perseveres.


  Blinking he sees Peter look down at him with a mild guilty expression, plus a squirrel perched on his head.


  “Pff, Was I - was i asleep for too long?” He frowns and the little animal imitates him.


  “Mm not really, maybe half an hour at most? Why are you-” The furry creature tugs at his hair and he groans. “God dammit why does this keep happening??” Elias covers his mouth trying to not laugh about it in his face, but its a struggle.


  “Good, pff good to know hahaha” Elias chuckles and accidentally nuzzles him, Peter coughs and the fairies over the branches above them drop flowers on top of him, while the little squirrel scampers off.


  “Why you little-!” Elias keeps laughing, feeling light and enjoying himself, he missed this level of ridiculousness from being around the man. He stays in place still using Peter to pillow his head, albeit one of his hands goes to lay on top of his chest while the other he uses to send the pixies a flying kiss. They giggle and fly off.


  “Show off”


  “Obviously”


  “So did the power nap work? Any ideas?” He sighs, there is one that he can think of now.


  “We can't get rid of the bond, since we don't know how it was made, but… if we can change it to someone else…. otherwise we need to find an excuse to frame her for treason, which would be… quite complicated to do. As i said most kingdoms are scared of her, if she is gone-”


  “Mm it would look bad unless you find a replacement”


  “Yes. That's pretty much it. So no matter what, getting rid of her is a disadvantage, but also keeping her puts me in danger” Peter picks up the flowers that the creatures dropped on him and starts to braid them together in what he assumes must be a flower crown.


  “...Are we sure its her? You said there were footsteps, but how do we know they are hers? Actually what do you even know about those tunnels? As far as you said you didn't even know they went that far out. They even kept going, so by that idea… how do we know someone else is not using them to come and go? or where do they even end!” Taking a deep breath he mulls it over, he will admit that he thought about it while in his feverish state. As for the tunnels…


  “I have tried to figure out what is up with them, but there are no records! Well, the ones i usually use have one, but the underground ones? There is no official word anywhere about their existence, its almost as if they merely connected the new ones on top of them and connected them with those in the underground at some point. I'm sure she knows something and that she has to be involved, but so far there is no way for me to know! Its maddening, i'm literally splitting apart trying to find the brat, make sure she doesn't do it first, plan things for the kingdom- I'm just one person-!”


  He feels Peter hand brush his hair out of his face, since it fell slightly to his forehead in his little speech, he wanted to lean into it, but avoided it. His face was scrunched up as if in thought.


  “I'm not very good with all the scheming, but maybe… find something for her to do?  To get her away, that way you have time to explore and find more information? Plus make another tracking gem?”


  “It will take time and-”


  “So? Better to have a warning in case he is coming, if she has it, she has an advantage over you”


  It's certainly an idea, something to do…


  “It's been a while since she last faced a threat… maybe, maybe you are right” And he has an idea.


  “I have been informed of a possible appearance of a man turned by the Viscera into some monstruosity, that he may be collecting more creatures like him” Peter gives him a curious look.


  “The Viscera is-”


  “I know, like I said, I was told stories about fairies and monsters by my nanny. So if they are really collecting more..”


  “Its definitely bad”


  “Enough that she should go away for a few weeks. We can explore and look for answers about the tunnels, plus if there is someone there and she was feeding them, we will be smoking them out eventually” Peter bites his lip and nods, the motion was sort of hypnotic and he felt his breath caught in his throat. Laughing a little bit nervously he looks elsewhere while his face burns.


  Stupid thoughts.


  He gets up to sit back again and see the view around to distract himself. He doesn't see the man pout at his back for getting up.


  “Does that sound alright?”


  “It certainly does, we can sneak during the night, so you can work during the day and not raise suspicion”


  “Yes! Perfect. So the bare bones of a plan, i sent her away, we explore, i investigate the origin of the tunnels, maybe figure out where do they end-”


  “I can try and make a new tracking gem if you give me instructions, that way you can work and I can help? Plus I can flesh out what's needed for those trips for Aella that you were talking to me about…” Surprised he looks at him.


  “You will take the job?” His face is apologetic.


  “Let's say i'm a consultant, i'm not really looking for a full time job, i like to be able to sail away on my own if i have to…” That dampens his mood a little, the man still wants to leave, he sort of dreamed that if he accepted he would have a reason to stay indefinitely. But alas.


  “...That's great! Thank you Peter”


  “Plus as i said before delegate, and make your court deal with the party so you have more free time”


  “Ugh, but if they ruin-” He pushes him lightly and groans.


  “Shuuuut upppp”


  “Hey that is no way to treat a king you-”


  “Not my king! But-” He shows him the flower crown now finished. “Now you have yourself a crown, your highness” Shaking his head he laughs thinking he is kidding, but he only tilts his head and waits, his chuckles die out and he realizes he is not joking, so he tries to deny it.


  “I think i'm a little bit old for that-”


  “Nonsense! Missy showed me how to make perfect crowns and she always wore them-” The utter confidence and slight sadness with which he said that was endearing and heartbreaking.


  “Plus i made it for you, and your highness would not refuse a gift would he?” He… got him there, so he lowers his head and he places it. Smiling while moving a loose hair from his face he looks at him and asks how he looks. Peter is staring and seems to blink out of a stupor, stammering a little and coughing a lot.


  “Um -cough- i...good, it looks good, f-fitting of a- cough- a king” He starts to pack up their things quickly “It suits you, wearing a crown i mean” Flattered and with a weird feeling in his gut he thanks him, feeling his smile turn sort of twitchy, he is unsure what is up with himself, but he is happy, very, very happy.


  They pick up their stuff and start to try to go back, on their way the pixies come along and wish Peter luck before kissing his cheeks, making him flush.


  “Hey- question, you said this was closer to the woods out of the kingdom right? You think someone here was damaging the crops for cutting the forest?” Peter looks confused for a second before having a moment of realization.


  “Oh no, these creatures are not prone to leaving, and it's rather inside the woods, so it would not have reached this place, something else living close by must have done it. Do you want to go and see? We still have that bet” The sun is still up.


  “Mm, that sounds… about right sure, let's go then”


   The little fungus-like creature comes along again to say goodbye.


  “Come and visit again foggy one, bring your consort along!” The two of them shout at the same time.


  “NOT MY CONSORT!!!”


  Peter walks out first and he is about to follow along when the little creature stops him.


  “You got a real crown now!” Giving him an amused glance he chuckles.


  “Its just a flower crown i have a real one i told you-” It crosses its tiny arms.


  “You have a borrowed one, 
  
    this one
  
   was given freely that means it's yours now. Enjoy little king!” Even more confused he steps out to where he can see Peter waiting, he walks and tries to parse what he meant by it, but he can't really get it.


  What an odd creature.

 

  They walk maybe 10 minutes and reach the farms, its a peaceful day, but its fairly obvious where the crops have been destroyed, or burnt since acording to the farmers they were getting sicker. He goes to check them out, while Peter lays the basket and goes to look too.


  He can't see anything really incriminating, hell he even sees one of the silver worms that the people mentioned, just moving around in the earth. Maybe he can go and get better pesticide for the farmers, better make sure they don't spread if they were eating the leftover plants.

 

  When he turns around he doesn't see Peter anymore. Baffled he calls out to him, but gets no answer, now a little more concerned he starts to walk back to the forest when he hears a woman’s voice talking and then his companion’s voice answering back.


  “She is hurt-”


  “Yes, but its ok, its just the wing, she just needs to eat some sugar-” When he approaches, there is Peter holding a small creature that resembles a wasp, albeit like the little fungus people it seems sort of anthropomorphic, very insect like but it could stand in two legs.


  Elias did not like it one bit, there was something wrong with it.


  “Oh! Apologies, here. I just came by to see around with my um- friend” The woman accepts the creature into her hands, holding it protectively.


  She was short, her hair was black, long, her bangs covered half of her face, and she was wearing casual clothes for working. Albeit her shirt was a nice deep burgundy color, which was unusual for regular farmers. Plus she was covered all over until her neck.


  “No problem, i will look after her, she is precious after all…” Elias is not sure about it, but he smiles


  “Hello Miss..?” She stares at him nervously but answers after seeing Peter a little bit first. Rude


  “Jane sir, Jane Prentiss”


  “Well Jane we were just sight seeing a little, and in fact we should be going, it was a pleasure to meet you”


  “Like- likewise, i don't know many people who like the little ones, they tend to be scared and run them off so this was nice” Peter smiles, and offers the creature his finger.


  It looks at it, staring at it with its beady empty eyes.


  Elias feels like  throwing up suddenly.


  “Peter I'm not, I'm not feeling well, i think it might have been too soon for me to leave home…”


  The man blinks and steps back, he comes to him and touches his arm.


  “Maybe you are right, its been a while after all… Well it was nice… seeing you Jane, have a good day!”


  He helps him go while his insides feel like someone was twisting them.

 

  Jane stares and tilts her head to the side while the wasp imitates her. 


  “See you…” 


  A worm pops out from where her shirt neckline ended.


  She smiles.


  “So kind to the little ones and so…. lonely” The wasp flutters with no issue.


  “We shall meet again then” 

  
    Chapter Text
    
  They use the forest to go back through the portal to the fairy land and then back to the castle forest. Elias felt sick to his stomach, but the more he walked away, the better he felt. By the time they reached the garden of the castle he was feeling normal. Albeit Peter teased him and hovered a little.


  “Maybe its the fruit i gave you? I'm allergic to it, but perhaps you-”


  “No, no, I think it was the wasp creature, it made me feel nauseous for some reason. I don't like bugs that much” He makes a non committed noise and nods.


  “It was sort of odd, but i have seen weirder still, i mean one time i was by the ocean and then i saw-” He kept talking about a story involving some water fairies, he made his best effort and listened, mostly because it was interesting, but also to get his mind out from the weird bug and woman. Hopefully he won't have to see them again.


  “You think you can win the bet then?” Peter stops mid talk and shrugs.


  “Perhaps… there was something off with the earth, it looked sort of… sick”


  “Sick? It had worms on it, albeit the farmers did mention that they kept eating the plants, so maybe they are an invasive species?”


  “Mm, perhaps… still maybe a little more exploration would come in handy. No offense but i still want to win that free day” He laughs and Elias feels something fluttering in his gut albeit this time it wasnt nausea.


  So he chuckles along.


  In the end they go back to his tower to work on more paperwork, he needs to present a strong case for Gertrude to want to go and investigate the movements from the people affected by the Viscera. Nastly creature, that turns people into monstrosities.


  It was believed to be a manifestation of one of the books from the mad librarian, Elias still ponders about the bookplate with Leitner’s name that Peter found and the footsteps and the runes to keep magic away at the tunnels that he encountered.


  Something was really wrong. 


  Still, he starts to plan how to split the work around with his council to get things working faster while he tends to the mystery with the other man. Whom he has to explain how to make the new tracking gem. For security reasons he will do it on the ship since no one goes there and it would be kept hidden from any prying hands.


  “So you understood everything? I'm giving you the instructions just in case so-” They are taking the ingredients on the basket to make it pass as innocuous and transport them to the ship. He was walking next to Peter rather close, mind you, while trying to make him remember what he needs to do, when he heard some snickering. Turning around he sees a couple of maids who are smiling and whispering now. 


  When they realize he is watching them they freeze and flush, looking up at his head and then at him. Perplexed, he was about to question them when he remembered the flower crown that Peter made him and that he forgot to take off.


  The woman runs off while he is left blushing in embarrassment, while Peter talks ignoring the whole thing.


  “I get it, seriously! Drop it, now what do we even use for a tracke-? Elias? What's wrong?” He wants to rip the thing off from his head, but very carefully he takes it off while still holding it with care, no need to get it destroyed in his own annoyance.


  “Nothing, I forgot to take it off that's all. Let's keep moving, as for the gem…” Elias trying to ignore his red cheeks has to think, it has to be something he can carry around so no one would steal it again, plus he would be able to tell if the prince is ever close at any time. He should have picked something smaller than the gem he used. Something more inconspicuous


  “It has to have a gem, but I need to carry it always so no more accidents occur….” 


  A jeweled necklace? Still, he is not very keen on them, a bracelet perhaps sounds more fitting to-


  “Oh! I have an idea, at least it will finally be of use, its on the ship come on we are almost there!” He hurries him along, while he tries to keep up. On their way they see Opal peak at them and let a happy thrill at seeing her humans.


  Once inside Elias puts the basket down on the small table and waits for Peter to come back from the cabin. Being inside here brought fond memories of their little trip back. He gets sort of lost on them for a little bit, when the man returns, grinning from ear to ear.


  “Ok, give me your hand!” 


  “My hand? why do you-” He rolls his eyes and asks again, so with a huff he offers it. The taller man puts something on his palm and presses his fingers closed over it, giving him a smirk. When he opens his hand he sees a small ring with a green gem on it and he remembers him mentioning that Opal found it in the water a few months ago.


  Even if he is aware that its a gift to help him out with his plan and nothing else, Elias feels himself take a small breath of surprise. Smiling even if he feels… slightly disappointed for some inane reason he thanks him.


  “Albeit you just found it i don't think it would even fit-”


  “You can wear it around your neck otherwise, its far less showy that way” He still doesn't like necklaces that much, but its true that it would be less suspicious than an actual gem necklace.


  “Now lets see if it fits” Peter picks it up and without asking he carefully puts it on his ring finger, making him twitch in place. 


  That's sort of-


  Nope! Not going there.


  The surprising thing about it is that it actually fits perfectly.


  The how’s and why’s are of no matter now, merely the fact that it suits him. Trying to not sound too breathless he says that it fits him. Elias moves his hand and checks how it looks, making him smile at it. He can't look at the other man in the eye, he is trying to ignore something here and he doesn't think he could if he saw him. So instead he takes it off and gives it to him.


  “It fits me perfectly so it would do” Keeping a more professional manner he turns around and starts to unpack everything he will need to start the spell again. Peter joins him and they do it quietly, he can see him hesitate a little and eventually when they are done he says he will go to the castle again to finish writing some letter to get intel into the Viscera to send Gertrude away in a week or two.


  “If.. its really not to your liking we can get something else? I know i found it in the water so I don't expect you to like it and-” He raises a hand and looks up, Peter seems rather nervous and keeps avoiding looking at him. Making him feel at ease that the man really did not know what his problem was.


  And it was Elias' own problem, the other was not at fault for his own feelings.


  “I like it and as i said it fits me perfectly, so please don't worry. Now, once its done you can give it to me again and i will wear it” He sees him let out a sigh of relief and wave goodbye at him saying that he will see him at dinner. Picking up the flower crown he goes away.

 

  He enchants it like all the other flowers Peter gave him to make sure it lasts.


  Elias places it in his room near the flower pot and tries to think what to say to the maids to make sure they dont talk and start any rumours that could potentially cause issues, gossip is alright as long as its not about him.


  Still, before going out he traces the petals and feels his lips twitch upwards.


  They were lovely.

 

  Back in his office he writes letters and arranges for some meetings the next few days with the court to start helping him with the preparations. If he has to focus on finding Jon and unveiling the mysteries of the tunnels he needs more time and he can't spend it with the festival. He also asks for reports on the Viscera that should come back in a few days.


  With all that working in place he can start to relax slightly and focus on getting what he needs for the next few days.


  Peter works on the gem and tells him it's going well, he picks up stuff to help map out the tunnels and figure out where does it end, while also trying to find any possible information he can about it. So far it has been proven impossible. He can't even determine when it was constructed, which gives him a headache.


  After three days of this, he decides to go on his own to the town to just go and clear his head. He considers asking Peter along, but he said he wanted to spend some time alone with Opal who looked rather down lately. So he let him at it.


  Plus some space to make sure the staff stops with their little joke of setting them up would be nice. Why do they assume this would be good its beyond him. Well, that's a lie, he knew why, they think he is relatively nicer with Peter around, which is… not true, but he won't point it out. So they assume they must be in some sort of courting and are trying to get them together.


  Ridiculous.


  Even if they were, it would be improper of him. Sure there are kings who have non royal affairs, but he has an image and as he told Simon he needs to have options in case of emergency.


  Besides he doesn't like Peter like that, he just has a physical attraction to him because he is handsome, he can admit that at least. He certainly has the body type he likes, matching most of his favourite novels main characters descriptions. Elias is merely being dumb.


  Nothing else, he is first and foremost his friend and partner in… well apparently crime.


  The idea sounds rather appealing to him.


  He is happy to have someone who doesn't care about whatever he does, but takes him as he is without pretenses. It's hard to come by with that kind of stuff for people in his situation.


  That's why he is not annoyed about seeing Tim hang out with Peter, or hear the man mentioning going around with Helen in the castle causing some mischief. He is not, Peter has every right to speak with others, he is very solitary and he should be glad he is making some other friends.


  …


  He kicks a rock hard when walking the way to the town.

 

  Using the bracelet he is unrecognizable, so he takes his time to go around and visit a few places along with the bookstores to try and find a history book or something that could pinpoint him to the mystery.


  Its in the old one that he showed Peter that he finds his answer, but not in history, but rather legend.


  The woman asked if he was looking for something in particular and he admits that he heard something about secret tunnels to explore. She makes a thoughtful face and tells him to wait. After browsing a few new romance novels, she comes back and gives him a book with stories.


  “There is one that sounds like you said, it just reminded me of it. Anyways call me if you want help with something else ok?” Now with his curiosity piqued he sits and checks what she meant. The text was rather weird written, apparently a translation of a translation.

 

  
    Once upon a time, there was a scholar, he was clever, powerful and had magic like no other.
  


  
    But he was afraid of his death, for a prophet told him his end would be met.
  


  
    He tried to find a way to escape his fate, and with the fairies he sure did. 
  


  
    He made a deal with the eye of knowledge to get the answers he wanted.
  


  
    The eye spoke to him and told him that he should find the architect of balance and power.
  


  
    The scholar was given a vision of a prison that would help him get power to live with no affliction.
  


  
    So the Architect was tricked into building it, without any explanation or reason.
  


  
    But he placed in his constructions, tokens to all the primordial fairies that were, to keep it safe from them.
  


  
    The fae lied and the scholar died, and his prison went under the earth without any fanfare.
  


  
    It crawled around with endless corridors, shifting and moving like the magic that was used to do it.
  


  
    But the story did not end, a kingdom was built upon the space where the prison of the man stood.
  


  
    And it's said that the magic did work but not as he wanted, for the man would come back just as another.
  


  
    For it wasnt death that he got but merely rebirth of the fallen.
  


  
    And maybe this time he learns to not worry.
  


  
    For Jonah the scholar bought his own end, by hurrying it along with his own half baked plan.
  

 

  First of all, loads of garbage, if someone says you are going to die beforehand, who wouldn't try to avoid it, what kind of lesson was that, to let it happen??? Secondly the only architect of balance he knows is Robert Smirke, he was tasked the design of the castle in his later years.


  Almost 400 years ago? More or less? So, if he takes this with a grain of salt…


  A man tasks him to make a prison to do… a ritual he supposes, it fails, because he didn't count with Smirke adding marks and trinkets from the other primordial fears, basically ruining the whole thing.


  The scholar dies, and many, maaaanny years later Smirke is taken to build something on top of the old prison. Since he could, he made a passage to it and now it was connected to the castle too.


  If magic was involved it would explain how it managed to be under the water, the place probably became land of nowhere and the powers took hold making it a labyrinth and extending it beyond what was possible. Whoever is there, on the other hand, made sigils to keep the magic away and stabilize the place. But it makes it a blind spot too.


  Oh boy.


  He buys the book and goes.


  Now hungry and with a mild headache he goes to eat something, but his usual bakery was closed, according to a note left at the door, Mariam had to leave for family issues and teh establishment would be closed for the next few days.


  Groaning and still feeling peckish he goes to the newer one at the center of the town.


  The name called his attention a little bit, but it's probably a stylish choice.


  The inside of the place was rather homely, every table had a little centerpiece of different themes that repeated itself, looking around he found an empty table next to the window that had a ship in a bottle as decoration. Feeling somewhat nostalgic he sits there, remembering their little trip on Peter’s ship. He still needs to change its name, when he asked him he made a face, but said that he wanted to call it Tundra 2.


  “Really?


  “Any problems your majesty? Oh you will need to “bless the ship” shouldn't you?” He gave him an annoyed face.


  “Maybe if you get a bigger one, but i think i already blessed it with my presence you seaweed brain” Peter guffaws and he ended up chuckling with him for it.


  Shaking his head out of the clouds he makes a sign to the waitress to come take his order.


  Elias sees the woman who came by to ask for more money for the place a few months ago, come closer and ask for his order. Seeing an apple pie and thinking of Peter he asks for a slice and some tea to be taken there. 


  She nods and calls for a boy named Arin working there to prepare some tea for him while she goes to get the aforementioned pie. He looks out of the window and tunes mostly everything out thinking about what artifacts could help guide them down there. He still has the magical compass he bought from Salesa so that would be handy, and maybe that map that fills itself once you start to walk around, to make sure they can find the way back? OH! The neverending string, it was practically invisible to the naked eye and it could stretch on forever-


  His order arrives making him look up to the different woman who gives it to him, she was scowling slightly, but placed it in front of him and went back to where the one who took his order was. She started to scold her for being so rude.


  It was sort of fun, since the mean one seemed older and was taking the reprimand to heart.


  “Kara you have to be nicer when giving orders, we want people to stay not run off!” The owner, he assumes now, was somewhat soft spoken even while scolding her, she was short and chubby with black hair, the total opposite of the other woman who was tall, blonde, buff and looked like she could chuck someone out of a window if necessary.


  “I knoooow, it's just hard, ok?” Usually he would poke and prod for any drama, but he really is preoccupied at this point, so he lets it be.


  The food was delicious.


  Huh, it was also familiar did he not taste something like this a few months ago-?


  Mm, whatever, maybe the chefs went and got it from here.


  “Miss Baker! I would like to order now please” Why would anyone whose last name was Baker would go and work as one. It's like a self fulfilling prophecy. Plus what an unoriginal name.


  Despite being homely the place was also very nice and cozy albeit it has something of a… cold disposition for some reason, after looking around he surmises its the color scheme. Although the paintings on the walls helped smooth it out and were in fact very beautiful, giving a more approachable look, whoever made them was very talented. 


  The small ship in his table now that he could see it was somewhat rather sloppily made, as if a child had tried its hand at it. Maybe they have a nephew or kid somewhere and they wanted to show it off. The only thing that he could tie in with the nautical theme was a small painting hanging along with another four as if in a set near the entrance, however none of them seemed to be connected, despite all being next to each other.


  Somehow seeing them made him sad and he had no way to know why, so he averted his eyes to look and start some people watching to entertain himself and forget whatever that little spell was. However he soon realizes that he wasn't the only one, anyone who turned to see it would look elsewhere quickly with a mild upset look. Peter would love that thing, he is sure of it, maybe it's cursed or something, huh. Perhaps he could buy it as a gift?


  Before leaving after writing down in a little notebook what he needed in code for the exploration of the tunnels, he bought an entire apple pie to take back to the castle to share with his companion. While he waited for it to be brought over to him he had a closer look to the paintings near the door, to try and see if it would be worth buying them.


  A fire, a blue sky, forget me nots, a ship and a tower.


  The title written under them was Missed connections.


  Elias suddenly can't help but to think of Barnabas and his mother for some reason, it almost made him tear up, so when the owner gives him his package he takes it and leaves in a hurry outside.


  He thinks he doesn't want to come back again, even if the food was delicious.


  By the time he is back in the castle and offering Peter the food as a bribe to come with him, Elias puts the thought of the Rising Sky Bakery out of his mind.

 

  Much later, while walking around the castle, he hears laughter and when he turns the corner he sees Tim smiling at Peter who looked, well he still looked rather put off, but he was smiling rahter genuinely at him, which sparked an annoyed feeling in him. No, he has to calm down, he is not in charge of whatever the man wants to do! Not at all.


  So he was about to walk towards them when he saw Tim put a hand on the other mans’s arm, and unlike what he expected Peter did not shake him off at all. He sighed but relented. Elias clenches his jaw and walks away instead to cool off.


  Peter is his friend and he should not be so monopolizing of his time, Elias learned his lessons about it before. If he wants to spend time with someone else then it's fine.


  Just 
  
    fine
  
  .

 

  It becomes obvious that whenever the man is not with him or on the ship with Opal and the gem, he spends time with Tim, who seems to flock towards the lonely man for some reason. Its not only him, he has catched Peter walking around with a woman who looked slightly off and he knew that it was Helen pretending to be human. Its good! Honestly its good that he is making friends! The fog still follows him around that he knows hasn't stopped, but Timothy did not seem to care at all about it, which was maddening in its own right.


  Thinking that perhaps he has an ulterior motive he 
  
    sees
  
  , what his deal is.


  Its… honestly not what he expected.


  His brother and best friend got taken by faes so he came to work at the castle because it has the biggest library on supernatural creatures to investigate a way to get them back, that plus it has general Robinson who is the best at dealing with them.


  Unfortunately for him he did not count on her being the type of person to cut her losses short, telling him that at this point if they were taken by the changelings of the forest of wonders they were most likely dead and to not mess with it anymore, less he joins them.


  That seemed to have cracked whatever little happy go lucky attitude of his and he turned rather vicious. 


  …


  He has also hunted down several monsters on his quest for rescuing them, albeit the more time that passes it seems he starts to go for more vengeance than anything.


  Interesting indeed and useful for reference, he has an inkling for a future use for him if things pan out the way he wants, however it doesn't help along with the Peter matter. Apparently he wants to help him cheer up a little bit and well… he can clearly see he is rather awkward and lonely so he makes an effort to get him to socialize.


  For now it doesn't seem to be anything else beyond that, even if he does think he is somewhat good looking-


  Elias snaps his pen, he takes a deep breath, puts the pieces in the trash can with the other ones he keeps breaking out of stress and moves on. No need to dwell on it!


  No at all.


  Tim is also trying to get him to open up more with Elias apparently, which is interesting, but he can't really get why, out of everyone he thinks that Peter is the more honest with him. Considering he is one of the… two actual humans that he likes to talk with.


  Curious, very curious indeed.


  Still even after all that he can't help but to feel… wary when he sees them together.


  The spike of annoyance and possessiveness is not good, he knows it, but it's been months and he has grown used to the way things were with only the two of them, so to have their dynamic suddenly interrupted he feels slightly threatened. It is him, he knows it, he has always been rather protective and jealous of the things and people he considers his.


  Its the main reason why he no longer has as many friends as before, that plus his work and maybe his dealings with supernatural creatures puts people off a lot.


  Even if he knows it's him that ends up pushing people away it still stings. So he got used to working a lot and not being dependent on others, easier to not have anyone than to deal with them getting tired of you anyways.


  …


  Maybe he should try to go back to that… but just the mere idea of having to deal with this entire issue on his own makes his head hurt.


  
  


  Finally his letters are all answered, the Viscera is indeed planning something rather big, some sort of ritual of sorts, so with the proof at hand he delivers it to Gertrude who reads all of them calmly. He sees her eyebrow twitch at some of the information and he honestly can blame her. Some of the attacks and things that happened related to it were somewhat…


  Well.


  Meat is meat for the Viscera regardless of where it comes from.


  Be it animals or people from a small town.


  “Well that's unnerving” Grimacing he nods.


  “It's getting closer to here, last hunters that tried to stop it ended up dying in the process. So I thought that you may have a better idea about how to solve this” Her mouth goes into a thin line, but eventually she shrugs and sighs.


  “This sort of things are better solved with some purging” 


  Of course.


  “Fire then?” She nods sagely.


  “Lots of it if the amount of death is anything to go by. i would dare say an explosions of rather big proportions would have to do”


  “Do we have the actual gunpowder for-”


  “I will give you a budget and i will look into it myself, i have my sources”


  He is both amazed and terrified about the prospect of her casually having explosives lying around.


  “I- you know what? Sure, just make sure it doesn't reach the kingdom for the love of god” The smirk and twinkle in her eyes, he does not like one bit.


  “I will try my best, your highness. I will prepare for the trip and leave in three days. Make sure the place doesn't fall apart while i'm gone” Rolling his eyes at her he starts to get up to leave.


  “Please, as if we would suddenly get attacked by some magical beast while you are gone”


  “Mm, don't jinx yourself Elias” As if, he has everything under wraps. As soon as she is gone he gets Peter and they go to explore the secret tunnels.


  Thankfully after digging, and digging about it, he managed to actually acquire the schematics of the old prison now that he knew where to look for, not so much a fairytail after all huh? So now he has a minimal idea of the place, it will probably be changed due to the influence of the magical creatures that Smirke left, but with the runes now it should be stable enough to now be constantly changing for them to follow and make edits to the map.


  With that in mind he goes to tell the lone sailor of their opportunity, but cant find him anywhere again. Feeling annoyed he decides to work some more until he sees him at dinner.


  On his way back, a door suddenly opens, which would be weird at all if the door hadn't been there 3 seconds ago. Frm there Peter stumbles out looking scandalized and flushed, while he hears Helen laugh her head off.


  “Oh my god!! That was so embarrassing!!”


  “Shut- shut up!” Hiding in a corner he tries to see what the hell did just happen.


  “Good lord, you were so bad at it?? How?? Wasn't Tim giving you tips??” Peter hides his face between his hands and mumbles something too low for him to hear but that Helen seemed to understand perfectly.


  “Are you- of course you are, you were trying to do this to get your head cleared out, but you still think about the little king! How delightfully sweet… and stupid. Still deary if you want my advice-” Him? What was Peter-?


  “Does your advice include trapping people in your doors?”


  “I mean? Is it not useful?” Peter pinches the bridge of his nose.


  “Do you remember what it was like to do this as a human at the very least Helen?” A human…??!


  Helen smiles remains in place, but he feels suddenly dizzy and sees somewhat double, even like that he can tell it doesn't seem to be affecting Peter in the slightest.


  “Oh drop that”


  “Rude question, but… no. I ended up with them as barely a teen, they looked after me and by the time i was an adult i was like this!! They loved me after all” The man's back tenses and Elias can't see his face from this angle, so the tone he uses surprises him.


  “They dont love you, they can't, they just want something to keep and entertain them, nothing else” The bitterness was palpable, but more importantly 
  
    the hurt
  
  . Was he talking about fairies? Did one try to trap him?


  “.... maybe so, they never let me find my dad, even if he ended up with them first and it was all i ever wanted” Her face falls slightly and Peter hesitates, but pats her arm.


  “Sorry things ended up like that” Her smile was still strained but it looked a little bit more genuine.


  “Thanks, but remember, if you want help let me know, maybe the three of us can wrack something up!! A master plan to get you-”


  “HELEN!”


  “Yes, yes, you humans are so embarrassed all the time. Anyways, i'm going to go, there is someone i want to visit! Much luck!!”


  Once Helen leaves and Peter mumbles out curses, but goes away, he steps out from his hiding spot.


  What was all that about?

  
    Chapter Text
    
  It's not as if he couldn't just ask, but then again he would have to admit that he was spying on the man, and that was really not great.


  Because from what it sounded like, Peter was just going out with Helen while Tim gave him tips about something that embarrassed him. Also he was thinking about him. The last bit actually made him want to ask the most, because why was he thinking about him, why did it seem like it made it hard to do what he wanted?


  Puzzling and frustrating since he could not dig into his head to see it.


  Pouting a little bit, he does a few rounds across the castle and goes to work, he decides to let it cool down a little bit before he sees the man again, less he tries to get him to talk.

 

  Later he plays it off and informs him of Gertrude departing in a few days to resolve matters with the Viscera. That stops him from finishing his drink and ask if he has an idea of what to expect. Nodding he explains that he managed to figure out the origins of the tunnels and that he has the old schematics  of it and ways to find their way back if push came to shove. 


  That seems to calm him down and dinner went as usual.


  He was about to ask if he wanted to take a walk, but he said he had to go early since he has plans.


  A moment of quiet.


  Strained he asks.


  “..Plans?” Realizing his tone he picks it up with a joke “Are you going to check on Opal? My it's a little bit late and it is getting colder Peter!” He could see him laugh, but there was something wrong with it.


  “Not… quite. I'm helping Timothy with something, he would not stop asking me until i relented, so i'm going to hopefully finish it today and not be summoned again. I'm surprised he is not a hunter at this point, he is very good at finding me when i don't want to be seen!” The taller man laughs and walks and Elias keeps his smile in place trying to keep in check his emotions. Don't do it.


  Let him be, he is an adult and has his own life outside of yours.


  “Well I will be going see you later Lias” He waves at him and walks off, leaving him near their rooms. Slowly and methodically he gets inside and once there, tries to spy on them with the paintings and statues. He sees Tim close to the outside garden and when Peter arrives they leave, making him unable to see more.


  He asks his patron but only gets amusement in return. This was not pertaining to their deal.


  Fuck.


  In the end he stays in bed reading waiting to hear the door next to his room open. He should sleep, he should not be doing this at all.


  Peter doesn't come until the early hours of the morning and he is curled up in bed silently seething. Not at him, or maybe a little bit, but more at himself for being an idiot of epic proportions. Tim is handsome and is the only person to pay attention to Peter besides him. He and the sailor are friends nothing more, so it stand to reason he would want-


  What? 


  Not a partner, but maybe something else. He is a regular person after all and its been months here, he knows his routine so well it's impossible for him to try and go out without him noticing it. Or perhaps he did and Elias just elected to ignore it on purpose. All the little outings that he can't see.


  Covering his face with his pillow and breathing hard, he decides to take the next day off. In fact he is going to oversleep. He deserves something nice. 


  After all this time worrying about everything, Elias deserves a day off.


  So he stays in bed most of the morning and goes to merely check a few things here and there, before going to relax at his tower reading a little bit and continuing with the scarf.


  A cat was too much, so maybe a scarf as a birthday present for Peter would do.


  He resolves to merely do that and not go way and beyond for it. Clearly he is getting over his head a little bit and needs to step back, not wanting to get himself even more upset for something that is clearly just him being possessive of his one friend.


  That's all.


  …

 

  When he sees the man he doesn't ask about the night before, merely just acting a little bit aloof, but not much by his standards. He sees him look at him oddly from time to time, but excuses himself that he woke up feeling slightly bad today.


  “Did you get sick again? Do you-” He cuts him off.


  “Im fine, merely more tired, i need to rest up to make sure we can go later to the tunnels!”


  “Are you sure you-”


  “Yes! yes, i just need to save up my strength that's all, you can go and do your own thing” He does not mean that at all, but he should not put that much thought into him, its making him irrational.


  So he wishes him a good day and goes to his room, he warns the maids that he doesn want to be disrupted. There he goes to knit and after a while write a few letters.


  These ones are not going to be sent anywhere they are merely…


  Merely to put his thoughts into paper. Elias knows that the recipient will not want to answer him back. So he writes as if Jonathan Fanshware would answer him back telling him how much of an idiot he is. It serves to unload his troubling thoughts, after, he will burn the paper not wanting anyone to see it, it's what he has been doing for years now in the absence of anyone to actually tell what he is feeling.


  Like this, it's easier to put things in order, to put it in a nice little box in his head and keep it there. To not think about it anymore.


  The afternoon passed quietly with the sound of scraping paper.


  In the end he has pages upon pages of his thoughts written down regarding pretty much everything that has happened so far.


  He stares at them, categorizes the parts that are more helpful and then folds them all in half and throws them at the chimney, before setting them on fire.


  No one will get to know.

 

  Gertrude leaves, with a few serious looks and with the money necessary to get whatever she needs to blow things up later.


  Once she is gone, he can let out a breath of relief.


  Elias goes to the beach to look for Peter so he can tell him, visit Opal and check the ring. His surprise when he sees the man watching Tim trying to approach his sea serpent is warranted.


  “Im telling you she doesn't bite”


  “You say that, but i heard lots of bad stuff about them!”


  “She is a lady Tim, don't be rude” Opal spots him first making her let out a thrilled out sound that startles Tim into falling to his butt. He can't help the grin when he sees him fall. Precious Opal makes happy sounds and he comes along, passing right next to Tim and pets her snout.


  “Looking good Princess” Timothy’s expression was priceless.


  “Your- your highness!! I didn't expect you to um-” He rolls his eyes and looks at the sailor who looks amused at the entire situation.


  “I was going to come and talk with Peter, but if you two are busy I can leave” He would rather have Opal bite Tim, but he smiles nonetheless.


  “Oh that won't be necessary, i think i should be going i need to finish my work and check a few books-”


  “Mm, yes, by the way, War of the Strangers is a very interesting book, it deals with different types of fairies but changelings are specially discussed” He sees his smile stiffen and the look of simmering anger in his eyes.


  Elias smiles.


  “Since you work here i suppose you can take what you want as long as its returned, i'm sorry Gertrude did not inform you of that book, she is rather… pragmatic on her approaches”


  “Hah, yes, she definitely is...Well thank you sir that is very kind of you. Peter, I shall take my leave. Opan…. beautiful?” The sea serpent tilts her head to the side and grins sharply at him.


  “UM”


  “She is pleased, now go Tim”


  “Yes, right, goodbye” The man runs off and it's now them two with Opal who nudges his back.


  “...So.. you showed him Opal?” Peter's face does a grimace and he sighs.


  “He followed me, apparently he wants to see why I sneaked to the beach so much, nosy guy, fits in this place. I think” Elias is not good enough to cut himself off from being mean.


  “Well I mean you must enjoy his company too, since you went to help him the other day, how did that turn out?” The taller man stiffens a little but relaxes after a while when he turns to pet more at the animal, who was looking between them in bewilderment.


  “It was… ok, didn't manage to succeed, so we will probably have to try again” That's… unfortunate he thinks, still he takes a deep breath and tells him that Gertrude left already and if perhaps at night they could finally go check the tunnels out. Peter nods and asks if they should go after dinner or wait a little bit.


  Now more on track and feeling less wrong footed from the previous interaction he says they should do as usual and then he would fetch him from his room so they can go.


  “Otherwise the staff will keep gossiping…” He mumbles the last part, he has seen some of them start betting pools of some sort and its really getting on his nerves.


  “Fine by me!” He gives him a smile and Elias feels at ease, they spend some time with Opal, who nudges them from time to time and brings them stuff from the water.


  “Oh that reminds me, the gem? Is it almost done?” Peter nods.


  “Two more days according to your instructions and you have a ring your majesty” He laughs to not show that he chose the worst way to tell him that, because it sounded more like he was offering it to him. The wind was getting more chilly and he sneezed, making Peter tell him to go back before he gets sick again.


  “I won't-”


  “Yeah, yeah, maybe get something warmer  if we are going down there, let's try to not get you all wet again” Elias-


  Knows what he means, it doesn't stop him from choking on laughter, at least it covers the blush. Oh my god this man needs to learn how to use his words, or he will kill him.


  “What? What!!! What did i say-” He shakes his head and tries to stop laughing, but the bewildered look makes him start all over again. The innocence, better not to taint that.


  “Just- just you are right, im- i better go back, see you- see you later” He keeps chuckling while leaving the sailor completely bewildered.

 

  So at night after dinner they do their usual walk, go to their rooms and an hour and a half later he knocks on Peter’s door. He comes and they are both off. They stay quiet and reach the secret passageway first, from there he guides him to the lower levels so they can go to the tunnels.


  Peter looks around in curiosity and he explains more or less what the place is.


  Once at the entrance of the tunnels Peter stares at the runes in the walls, when he goes to touch one he makes a pained sound.


  “Are you okay??”


  “Yes, yes it stung me, it must be reacting to my magic” Oh Elias didnt think about it, in a fit of curiosity he tries to touch it too and also gets a jolt.


  “Shit!”


  “Why did you do that??” He gives him a sheepish smile.


  “Wanted to see how it felt” Peter pinches the bridge of his nose. Nudging him they start to move inside, he checks the maps, they should by all means still be distorted, but the basic architecture should guide them better than expected. Peter held the enchanted string so they could follow it back in case of emergency and he checked everything, correcting the schematics as he could.


  “You think we can find the room that you got stuck in?” Elias frowns, but makes a maybe motion with his hand.


  “Maybe, albeit i have the feeling it would be empty if we did”


  “Probably, if someone is squatting down here they should have moved everything by now” Ugh the idea of having someone just roaming around here, being able to enter and leave the castle to their own devices makes him shudder. What if they try to kill him??


  Breath, he needs to focus.


  Ideally they should try and see if there is an end or another entrance, if there is they should be able to determine if the threat came from the castle or if it sneaked in.


  Hopefully.


  What they do find are stairs that go down.


  “Well”


  “That's… not on the map” Peter picks up a rock and chucks it down there. They hear it going, down, down…


  It keeps on going.


  “Im… just going to mark it here as never ending stairs and we leave like that?” The sailor nods.


  “Yeah, better not mess with that”

 

  Next weird thing they find in another room was just-


  “Soooo….”


  “I'm not going to admit you were right about this!” He can feel the smug aura emanating from Peter.


  “Seems like someone was going to have fun here huh-” Elias punches him in the arm and gets out, his face was on fire. He writes in the map sex dungeon and leaves it like that.

 

  And so they go, they don't manage to find an exit let alone another living being, but they sure as hell found a bunch of inexplicable stuff that he has to assume were due to the magic growing uninterrupted for so long under the earth.


  “I don't know about you, but a mug that is not a mug is not something I was expecting to find and have to fend for my life” Elias is still trying to get the leftover teeth from his sleeve, the little monster sure knew how to put up a fight.


  “Yeah, me neither. Look we should go back, otherwise we will be beat during the day. Got the string?” The man nods and they both go back just talking in low voices about their findings and laughing about the absurdity of some of the things under. It almost looked as if lost things just ended up here as rooms. He did notice the lack of spiderwebs which made him feel irrationally happy. Not sure how he would handle them after his encounter with Annabelle, it still makes him shiver to see ones in the castle. 

 

  They sneak back to their rooms and he falls asleep almost instantly. Albeit his dreams were plagued by Tim and Peter being awfully chummy and at the end of it, a swarm of worms just interrupted the whole thing, making him wake up with a jolt.


  He feels nauseous, he thinks it might be a left over from before, but a few minutes later it passes and he spends the rest of his day feeling well.


  They do this for the next two nights, every time going further and further away, at one point they do find the room that flooded with him inside, but all that was left was the table and bookshelves, the papers that should have been sprawled around were al missing, he gives Peter a look who makes a grim face. Someone is here and they want to find the prince.


  On the third night they go the furthest away and Elias realizes that despite having light, the hallwas was getting unnaturally dark, he knew the effects, Maxwell dealings with Mr Pitch the fae were known and he knew they were fucked if they didn't leave soon. He tugs at Peter but unfortunately its too late, the lights seem to be consumed by the darkness and suddenly everything is pitch black, he moves his hand quickly to grab Peter’s arm, feeling a moment of terror. 


  “Peter?” He hears him shuffle.


  “Its ok, I have the string remember? We can go back” Letting out a breath he holds his arm and lets him lead them away.


  “So dark magic trap then?”


  “It appears so, it's not ideal to be honest” It isn't, he feels the dark magic crawl around him and it's the antithesis of his own magic making him feel slimy. Elias doesn't focus much around them, merely clutching Peter, who seems to be fairly easy going and actually stops him and moves him around, he doesn't question it, too focused on not knowing rather than the why’s.


  Its perhaps due to his nerves that he doesn't realize that Peter seems to be moving without any issue whatsoever. As if the lack of light wasn't bothering him at all.


  Eventually they go back to the entrance and he can see again. 


  “Never again” The other man snorts and nods.


  “Better not, who knows if there was something hidden along the way” That comment did not make him any happier, but he lets it go.


  The next day, Peter goes to find him after checking on some weird reports from the farms and tells him he has what he wanted. Excited, he takes him along outside where he tells him to give him the ring. The man chuckles infuriatingly charmingly and asks for his hand. Feeling his heartbeat go faster he does it and he places the ring perfectly in his finger.


  “Tada!! Now you got a supernatural tracker for your mysterious prince!!” Elias nods and looks at it. However what he did not expect was for it to be blinking more often, than the gem had when he had it.


  His heart is in his throat, the man is slowly getting closer to where the are. He needs to speed things up.


  “What's up with that face?” Shaking his head he smiles albeit is trained.


  “Thank you, its nothing, it just shows that he is closer than before, not enough to be of complaint, but it means he is coming” Peter shuffles in place but eventually sort of pats his back.


  “I'm sure we can get him before anything happens, still it would be best to finish exploring the tunnels and then try to figure out what to do with him?” Its…. he doesn't like it, but its true, better to face the threat that's closer to home.


  “Yes… you are right. Anyways I suppose we can go tonight to try and see if we can reach the end and-” At that the taller man makes a guilty face and scratches the back of his neck.


  “I told you I need to help Tim with something, he asked me tonight, i can still go tomorrow im just busy now” Elias…. does not like it one bit, so feeling s little bit slighted he tries to refute him.


  “I'm sure it can wait a few days, it can't be as important as this-” Peter huffs.


  “It's important to him, plus it's just one day, what's the harm? I'm sure a full night of sleep will serve you well too, as if i haven't seen you be more grumpy than usual” He- well he is, but it's not the point!!!


  Calm down, he needs to calm down he is getting nowhere and if he keeps it up Peter will be mad and go. So taking a breath and smiling he tells him it's fine.


  He needs to let this kind of thing go, Elias can't be this possessive again, it already cost him a lot of people before and he can't afford to push the sailor away, it- it would be something he could bear again. He is not sure why it hurts to think about him disappearing so much. He has done it a few times, but now its unthinkable, he also knows too much and Elias… doesn't want to look for ways to erase his memories.


  …


  Not again.


  It was for the best he muses, if they were going to leave he couldn't let them know all his weaknesses, even if it meant not recalling him at all. It was all for the best. Yup.


  …


  Whatever it won't happen, plus Peter is also magic so it wouldn't even work.


  “Ok, ok, you are right im… I should probably sleep a full night. It cant be good for me otherwise” That makes his companion smile more genuinely and it sets him at ease a little bit.


  
  


  Elias is not going to sleep, first because he knows that as long as Peter is out, he just would be able to, secondly, because he can take care of his own things without him. So once Peter leaves he goes to explore on his own. He doesn't need him.


  He has never truly needed anyone besides himself and thinking otherwise is stupid. Fuck it, he did not lie, cheat and threathen to keep this kingdom afloat all on his own to be deterred by his friend going out with someone else!! He is fine and capable and he doesn't need-


  He doesn't-


  …


  What.... did he not need?


  The hallway he was in was rather cold, he was dressed up warmly but it was chilling, he could see his breath if he breathed out, and it was rather puzzling, most likely he was closer to the water, since the temperature dropped, but that's not quite it. He sees some fog on the ground and he hugs himself a little before going forwards. 


  Nevertheless, he will prevail.

 

  He keeps going, on and on, with the cold and the fog on the floor clinging and swirling around his ankles, he sees doors, compares them to the map to make a few annotations and keeps on moving, never stopping for long, it's not as if would matter if he was gone for a day, clearly it didn't when he disappeared, he could have died and no one would have noticed-


  He stops and takes a deep breath.


  Better, now keep moving, another thought to put on a box in his mind and ignore to the best of his abilities. Eventually the fog makes it harder to see, complicating things for him. Ugh-


  Maybe if Peter was here instead of gallivanting around with Tim of all people.


  Should he fire the man? Make it so he doesnt get involved further? It would certainly keep the man to himself, it wouldnt get rid of Helen, who seems also very interested in him.


  It makes him grind his teeth, why? It's not as Peter was actually friendly it's mostly a facade to unnerve people. Those two were the oddities. If they were gone he would just stick around him like before and things would be better.


  Elias pinches the bridge of his nose, he knows he can't do that, he has already dealt with this problem before, he is too possessive and prone to suspect. It did not serve him well before it wont serve him well now.


  The only thing taking him out of that line of thought was the sound of him stepping on something squishy. Lifting his foot, and now he realizes that the fog was gone. He sees the rests of a silver worm, it leaked something dark and disgusting on the floor making him let out a disgusted ugh.


  “Why are you here?”


  Its now that he also recognizes the fact that he was rather hungry and thirsty. Feeling puzzled he starts to check around trying to see where exactly he was. The map had his annotations but at some point he started to make them without actually remembering what he put. He hesitates, biting his lip he decides to keep going, if a worm was here.. could it be perhaps that he is closer to the farms?? If that's the case-


  He must have been walking for hours, his feet actually hurt.


  Elias should go back, should rest, but if he is close to the forest, then he can do liek with Peter and go through the passage to reach the castle faster. With determination and feeling very worn down both physically and emotionally he moves and tries to see if there is a way out.


  The more he moves, the more dead worms he finds.


  Some seem to be wriggling weakly so he steps on them, the rest are carcasses. He has to be close- 


  There is a crossroad, he has two ways to go and no way to know if either of them were helpful or not. If perhaps someone hadn't ditched him they could have split to cover more ground, but nooo.


  He sees a few worms move. He kills them.


  Elias is alone.


  He kicks a rock and picks left, who cares, he bets no one would even notice him gone.


  
  


  He finds a few more doors to nowhere and he ends up sitting down against the wall in tiredness. He is very sleepy and his body aches. Going back was going to be hell.


  …


  Unless


  Helen… did say that if you drew a door she could appear, the runes were in place, but he was so far away from the caste, he reckons she might be able to pick him up.


  No, no, he doesnt need her, plus she would snitch on him.


  He just needs to find a way out!! That's all, he can do this, he has always figured out things on his own!! Think logically.


  The worms were close to the farms, and he has seen lots of death carcasses, so he must be close, maybe… maybe if he follows them like a trail he will be able to reach the top?


  Yes, that sounds about right.


  He backtracks and starts to follow the trail, through all of it, he can't help but think how much this would not have happened if Peter wasn't away. It made him mad, irrationally so, to the point he almost misses the stairs on the wall, they were practically glued to it and he could see some sort of cover on top, feeling excited he goes to climb them and tug the sort of trap door to get out. It takes far longer than he would like to admit, but he manages to move it. Plants and rocks seem to have kept it shut down. So with a final shove he is out. He could see the sun already up and above, the information of it beng mid morning hit him square in the face by his patron who was finally able to connect with him.

 

  He was as a matter of fact near the forest as he imagined, so climbing out he closes the door and starts to try to figure out his way to the fairy spot to travel fast back to the castle.

 

  He doesn't see the wasp watching him from the tree that flies away the moment he closes the door.

 

  It takes some effort to remember but he finds the glamor and does the switch. From there he reaches the castle feeling like hell, but ultimately like the cat that got the cream, there was a way in. So whoever was staying was capable of leaving, albeit since the door was shut it was likely there were other entrances around.


  Feeling smug, he goes to his room to take a bath and change, before going to pick something to eat. Elias could handle himself just as well as always, he didn't need help at all.


  While he was relaxing on his bath he started to see if anyone realized that he had been missing all morning.


  …


  No one… did.


  The maids, the guards, his advisors no one thought anything about him not being around or not seeing him at all. At most the chefs were sort of miffed he wasn't there for breakfast, but ultimately no one was concerned about him. 


  The water even if it was warm felt suddenly cold. 
  
    He was right
  
  , no one would care would they? All his work… all his sacrifices it would be for nothing, if Elias is stricken dead no one would bat an eye, beyond trying to find a replacement. Despite everything he is nothing.

 

  He dresses up again and just… flounders for what to do, his stomach grumbles and he decides food is important enough, later… later he will see.


  Staying in his study and taking a nap on the couch was the only thing he could think of. Far too wringed out to properly try and do his own thing. His dreams are full of worms and fog, he wakes up startled to an empty and cold room.


  Pathetic.


  He is quiet the rest of the day, at dinner Peter looks at him funny and tries to lighten up the mood, Elias smiles and jokes but its merely to get him off his back, its not as if he cared either. If he was gone, he would just shrug it off and leave.


  That finishes souring his mood and he asks to go earlier to sleep. Peter asks if he wants to go out to do the thing, but he just shakes his head.


  “I'm not feeling well today. Maybe tomorrow” Once in his room he sort of flops to the bed and passes out.

 

  The next few days rain, he tells Peter he doesn't want to go, and leaves on his own again through the secret passageway in his room. He keeps exploring alone.


  He doesn't lose as much time, but he finds more hallways with random bouts of fog, plus for some reason there were a few worms closer to them. He keeps killing them on sight. Elias is convinced that they are moving towards him and it honestly freaks him out.


  His mood is more quiet and tired, he dismisses Peter most of the time and goes to spend time on his own, not wanting to deal with it. The staff all start to try and figure out what has him in such a mood, even gossipping but he sort of shuts it down with a few pointed words.


  Not in the mood at all to deal with that. To deal with their thinly veiled hatred for him. Its not as if any of them really care, they just want something to entertain their little lives and he is the most obvious thing, everyone watches him trying to pick him apart and mock him-


  Taking a breath, he decides to go to town, he sees Peter talking with Tim and he moves away from them, let them. Who cares anymore.


  He uses the bracelet and ends up subconsciously in the Rising sky bakery, sitting miserably in the same little spot from last time. He asks for the same orders, at least this time the place matches his mood far better than before. 


  The owner Juli serves him this time, she hovers around him a little bit and he raises an eyebrow questioningly. She startles and chuckles before moving out of the way. Letting out his breath he starts to eat his cake and drink his tea, shame they don't make coffee.


  …


  The rain stops and he sort of… goes to the old church and watches from the old bell tower. He ponders about just not taking off the bracelet and disappearing, would it cause chaos? Would they look for him? 


  Would Gertrude just shrug it off and take command until they find a suitable replacement and forget about him ever existing?


  Probably. The idea settles so bad with him it makes him ache. He worked so hard and yet no one would mourn him for real would they? He slides against the wall and sits on the floor. Its cold and there is fog on the ground, wonder how it got here.


  Closing his eyes he counts to ten and breathes in and out.


  …


  He hears movement and for a small second he thinks it could be Peter coming to try and find him, but he dismisses it and its replaced with venom at checking in the castle and seeing him talk with Tim through the hallways.


  A head pokes in and he recognizes it as the woman they met in the farms, Jane?


  “Oh! I was not expecting- i'm- sorry i usually come here to-” She stammers and he blinks sort of detached but also angry, not knowing why. Not at her, more at everyone else.


  “No, my bad, I should go it's late anyways, i have-” No one is really waiting for him huh? His jaw locks in place. Jane looks at him and hesitantly speaks.


  “Im, its ok, i come here when i'm feeling down. You… seem sort of upset” Is he? 


  “No, no its just nothing, a misunderstanding honestly” Yet he doesn't really get up to leave, she seems to understand and comes in to sit further away from him.


  “Its ok… w- I get it, people are… people can be cruel”


  “Its not… its not that, i'm just frustrated that's all! I work so hard, but no one seems to care! If i left probably no one would even notice and if they did they would just replace me” She looks at him with her hair half covering her face and nods shily.


  “i get it, my job doesn't really appreciate what i did and when i got fired no one seemed to care. I was so alone… But i found- i found someone who cared! Don't you have someone like that?” He imagines Peter for a second but it gets sort of tainted.


  “I thought so, but as it turns out i'm not even special to him, he found someone else to spend time with. And- and i know i'm being unreasonable! He should have more friends than just me, but its been so long and it's hard for me to let it go and-” It's cathartic to rant with someone who has no idea who he is and can't judge him for anything that he says!!


  He keeps going and Jane just  nods sagely and listens until he is done.


  “Perhaps.. Perhaps you aren't wrong? If he was so committed to you, but suddenly someone came to take him away… maybe its not your fault, but rather theirs? You shoulnt have to feel bad! It sounds as if you two had something special.. and that is hard to come by, maybe make sure they don't want to replace you… give them a reason to stay!!”


  Its- the advice is sort of spotty he can tell, but he is so incensed it's hard to see why. Elias can't focus on seeing why it would be bad.


  “Yes! Find a way to keep him with you! If you are meant to be, then you are meant to, don't you love him?” 


  Love-


  Love him? 


  “Nonono, he is my friend, sorry if you misunderstood-” She tilts her head almost as if listening for something and he watches mesmerized. Her lips turn upwards slightly.


  “I'm sorry, I must have been wrong, it just, you described him so… nicely I assumed. It almost sounds like a romance story, someone coming in between you two and all that” Does it? Its not- its not love Peter is just handsome, he is just mad because he is losing his only friend-


  But… he wonders about all those little boxes he ignores in his head, about some of his reactions towards him and the few times he did dream about their time on the ship, being more… closer than in reality.


  Its not love, but he… definitely has a crush.


  His face must show the realizations because she apologizes.


  “I thought you- i'm sorry i didn't-” He swallows and smiles shakily.


  “No, no i- needed to hear that. I would have never admitted it otherwise. Besides it wont go anywhere it really can't”


  “Thats… sad to hear, im sorry” He tries to not show how hard he is taking it.


  They remain in silence for a while. It's rather peaceful, they don't know each other and he doesn't feel like digging into her head, he just wants this little moment of peace to last.


  The sun starts to go down and he needs to go back, so he tells her goodbye. She hesitates.


  “I come here on most days….. if you want to talk or vent i wont mind, its nice to have company!” Elias stops and thinks about it.


  “No names?” She nods and smiles secretively.


  “It would be our secret!! If your friend can keep so many this will be ours” And- yes, that sounds about right.


  “Sure, see you mysterious lady”


  “A pleasure mysterious gentleman”


  He goes back to the castle feeling… better? Worse? Its hard to tell honestly.


  He also feels itchy for some reason, his arm has a rash of some kind. Maybe he brushed some poison ivy while entering the old church? Whatever.


  Peter asks during dinner that he saw him briefly but when he went to look for him he was gone. Elias shrugs and says he went to town to go to the bakery to eat something and just walk around.


  “Oh. Well I hope you had fun?” He nods and eats some meat.


  “Yes, actually… i think i did” He doesn't mention Jane, after all as she said he can keep his own secrets if the other is hell bent on letting him out of his.


  “Did you have fun with Tim or Helen while i was out?” He doesn't want the answer, but forces himself to hear it.


  “I… sort of? We went around with Helen a lot, she did say something weird about the tunnels, but i'm sure she is mistaken” He blinks and asks.


  “Mm? Something about there being fog in there, hehe, stupid right?there- there shouldn't be any, or maybe its a left over from me, but she claims its starting to appear more and more and we havent gone there in days… speaking of do you want to go today? we sort of need to find the way out or whoever is living there, before the old hag returns” He maintains a perfect poker face through all of it and after taking a sip of his drink, he answers.


  “No, i dont think it's necessary anymore,” Peter gives him a completely baffled look.


  “What? But-”


  “Its ok, i was thinking more along the lines or closing the door to the tunnels so whoever is there is trapped inside like a rat, if they want to go out they will have to do it by any other means, meaning they lose direct access to the castle” The man sort of looks at him, then around and it's kind of trying to come up with an answer. Elias is just tired and wants to get rid of-


  Rid?


  “Are… you sure about it?”


  “Yes Peter I'm sure. So don't worry i will get it settled before Gertrude comes back”


  Elias is not planning on it, he just wants Peter to stop asking, he will find everything on his own as always. He realizes that he is destined for it.


  Even if the people don't want him, even if he has to kill, lie and threaten he will keep this place no matter what, no matter who gets in his way. He doesn't care anymore, he loves this kingdom far more than anyone else could and even if everyone dislikes him he will make sure it stays safe.


  Its his.


  Peter its also-


  Peter is not his, and he won't ever be. No matter what, Elias can't make him stay and that hurts, he wont stay for him. Not really.


  He scratched his arm, the rash started to spread. There is fog in the garden when he passes the windows.

 

  He goes to visit Jane everyday, it's… just as cathartic as before. His rash spreads and his skin itches more.


  The staff give him looks and he knows they just want him out, that they are tired of his attitude and shifting moods. That they hate his guts. He pukes during the night something rather… bleak. It looked almost black in the light, by morning he felt well enough again.

 

  Rinse and repeat.

 

  At night he keeps exploring the tunnels, there is more fog and more worms and its annoying until it isn't, eventually he sort of stops killing them, they don't seem inclined to bother him and so he starts to slowly follow their trail.


  More rooms, more places with magic, he puts it all down on the map, yet there is no signal of anyone else being down here.


  Maybe it was Gertrude after all.


  Kill her or frame her? Decisions, decisions.

 

  During breakfast there are flowers in a vase on the table, plus his favourite food.


  …


  He doesn't like to be mocked, if they think he will tell them what his problem is they are very wrong.

 

  The castle is starting to get colder.


  He chalks it up to the upcoming winter.


  Days pass and he keeps at it.


  Elias talks with Peter during dinner only and that's it, otherwise he rebuffs him or tells him to go talk with Tim if he feels like being chatty he is very busy. He ignores the hurt look the other gives him.


  “What is wrong with you now??” Elias' face is sort of frozen in a permanent pleasant smile and despite the snippy tone of the man it doesn't budge.


  “I dont know what you are talking about, anyways i'm going i have a meeting, see you at dinner” Peter stops him.


  “No, stop it, you don't have a meeting! What is wrong? Why are you acting off and what is your problem with Tim?!” Elias tilts his head and looks at him blankly.


  “I don't know what you mean? I don't have a problem with him, i think the last time i spoke with him was on the beach with Opal. Remember I don't-” He shakes his head and grabs his shoulders making him stiffen.


  “No, not about talking with him, but you seem to be lumping me with him and going on your own, what gives? What is wrong?” Elias' smile becomes frozen in place and there is a sudden urge to spill all the annoyance he has about him. He remembers Jane saying that maybe its not his problem but rather Peter’s.


  Elias is not at fault here, he is the one being unreasonable. He grabs his hands and pushes them off him.


  “Don't. If you want to go play around with him, go ahead and stop bothering me Peter, I have other things more important than either of you to deal with. Goodbye” He turns around and leaves. He barely managed to say everything he really wanted and barely.


  At night he realizes that there are some places where his skin looked more purplish, as if he had a bruise by hitting himself with something. Elias doesn't get it, so he keeps scratching himself even if it tears at his skin until it bleeds, he ignores the pain. 


  Mm, what should he wear tomorrow to visit Jane at the church?

 

  He goes to visit the town and the church again, Jane comes a little bit later and they talk again, she reassures him that he was in the right, after all if he was busy and the other man just kept going to spend time with someone else and not even tell him what they did then its his fault.


  Her voice becomes sort of cooing and it makes him feel more calm, it's not his fault, he is not going crazy.


  “If you love them… and they leave then maybe they were the problem don't you think-” And- and isn't that the crux of the thing? His entire life? 


  Elias loves fiercely but no one can match it, no one understands him so they pull back and leave him alone. Its not his fault. It really isn't-!


  “Shhh, its ok i get it, you are safe, let it all out” He didn't even realize he was crying until she started to shoosh him and help him, this strange woman has been more understanding to him than anyone in his entire life.


  The only person he thinks came closer was his mother, but even if she didnt know everything he did, maybe she would have hated him too. Elias just wants someone to love him back as fiercely as he does.


  “Im- im sorry-”


  “Shh, its ok I understand, who we show the world is not who we are, and even then they still hate us, but here? Here is fine, we care for you stranger” He ignores the odd phrasing and feels seen somehow, it's a nice feeling.


  He hasn't been feeling his patron lately, maybe he should worry, but it feels almost like it happened to someone else.

 

  Back at the castle the cold returns to him and he feels miserable again. Its like when he is with Jane at the old church he can feel warmth and what its like to be understood-


  But when he returns here it all drains away and it leaves him in a colorless world of misery. He bandages himself, his arms are getting more hurt. But the pain is somewhat more real than the grey little bubble he is in.

 

  Gertrude writes and says she will take another week, since things seemingly were far worse than they imagined. Elias merely reads it and sighs. 

 

  Things don't improve with him and Peter, they start to fight more and eventually he tells him he would rather eat by himself, when the man comes to the library to bother him about his attitude.


  “Oh so you can go back to be the miserable lonely king? Sure!” Displeased, he tells him off.


  “Look who's talking, the one who drags everyone around him into misery, have you through perhaps that your mere presence is a curse upon everyone else!” He doesn't raise his voice at all. Peter looks like he punched him in the face.


  A feeling somewhat like guilt tries to make way through him, but the other answer was enough to squash any sympathy.


  “Have you thought that maybe you are the one with the problem? You claim to be so social and to understand people, but you are just a miserable voyeur with no friends because you are just too paranoid and too much of a bastard to care for anyone other than you!” Elias steps back and blinks a few times trying to process it.


  His face falls.


  He did it again.


  He-


  Of course.


  Elias laughs incredulously. He can't take it anymore.


  “You- yes, that's about right i think, thanks Peter”


  “What-”


  “You are right I am, its- of course I am, I'm just a horrible person aren't i? I always have been!!! hahaha, oh i can't believe it took you this long to realize. Mm oh well that's about it i think” Elias smiles, it feels wrong on his face, but it's ok.


  It will all be ok in the end.


  “Albeit… i do have one friend left!! Oh she is very nice you know, i can almost hear the singing-” He can in fact, Jane always tilts her head as if hearing something and now he thinks he can too. The song is beautiful.


  He knows where to go, he wont- he won't be alone again.


  Peter looks more and more alarmed, but also still mad as if he couldn't decide what emotion to pick. He is sick of it so he turns around and tries to go, but the man grabs his arm and he flinches. Peter drops it and with furrowed brows tugs at him and lifts his sleeve. He was somewhat sloopy that morning with the bandages, so Peter could see the scarred skin, bruises and rash.


  He thinks he sees him pale significantly. So while he is distracted Elias quickly steps back and moves out of the way, when he tries to grab him again, making a run for the door and locking it with him inside. He hears him yell and hits the door.


  “Elias? Elias! Wait- that's the crawling rot magic where did you even get-?!”


  Far, far down the earth where the fog and the worms are, where there is something waiting at the end of the tunnel, he knows it, can feel it.


  He should go now.


  “I'm going back….”


  “No, wait! You can't go-!”


  “I can hear them sing under the castle- oh! Maybe you can come to see Jane too, i'm sure she will be happy to have you once I'm with them ....” His feet move and he ends up leaving, going all the way down to the tunnels, she is waiting for him at the end, he understands now.


  The fog was now gone from the tunnels and he could follow the trail of the worms in peace, none of them would touch him, that was reserved for their contract. Elias just walks.


  He won't be alone anymore, someone will love him! Will care for him no matter what.


  It brings him to tears.

  
    Chapter Text
    Peter is trying his best to open the bloody door just to go and find that asshole, holy shit, how did he even get infected by the crawling rot magic-?!It explains some things about his mood, not everything, but most. Peter is fairly bad at picking some cues, but Elias was acting way too odd to be normal, Tim who did not speak with him, but saw him walking around could tell something was off, several people on the staff actually… ugh came by to talk with him and ask if he knew what was wrong with Elias. He could tell they were concerned about him.Lets not forget his disappearing act lately, he would simply be at the castle and then suddenly he was nowhere to be seen, everyone was getting very nervous, since Elias basically never left the castle and lately whenever he did it was with him and whenever he came back he looked happy but then suddenly his mood would go sour within minutes.The man was getting short on temper and would stalk away on his own chasing away everyone around. Peter was confused to say the least, since he had been completely fine before, but a week and a half went by and he turned completely.He would go more often than not to check on Opal and talk with Tim and Helen. Tim tried to cheer him up and help him think of ways to talk with Elias, while Helen suggested to lock them both in a room until things settled, which was very on brand for her.Whenever he spoke to him, Elias would be dismissive and tell him he was fine, while saying he was busy and to go talk with the other two, who would in turn tell him the opposite and to talk with him. Which lead to this.And oh was he in for surprise, Peter had no idea how the magic of the crawling rot got to him, but it was not good, not at all. If he didnt get him first he was going to be consumed by the host who set it on him. And Elias would not be himself anymore, but rather an extension of it and that was frightening.How did he not realize? Elias should have been able to tell by using his own patron!! Not only that but-He mentioned Jane? The girl at farms? Was she- Elias disappeared for hours to the town, did he meet up with her there? How did they even find each other?? He wouldn't go into town looking like himself. The library was on the third floor, he couldn't jump out of the window, the door was locked and not many people walked around here. Peter was screwed, for all he knew by the time he gets out Elias will come back as a creature that they will need to burn to kill.And the idea of having to watch him be burned makes him want to throw up.There is also the problem of him starting to lose breath, the moment he said that he thought he didn't have friends because he was a bastard his lungs started to feel like they were being squeezed. Peter was mad and actually hurt by the curse comment because…. because he wasn't even wrong.So he lashed out and said that to hurt him, not because he meant it. Yes he is a bastard but he is his friend, he is just worried.His coughing got worse, and he actually had to sit, it was getting worse.He knew it was getting worse, that eventually he had to leave because he didn't want the other to see him collapse and turn into a ball of fog slipping through his fingers. Helen suggested the logical approach, but he didn't want it, even if now it could be his choice, it didn't take away was was done against his wishes in the first place and even then, she is not sure if it would help or just make it worse.A curse is a curse, it doesn't disappear until its broken, either he passes it along or someone changes it, but they need the words used originally to do it.Peter can't breathe, he can't help and Elias is going to turn into a monster thinking he dislikes him.He doesn't.“Im- im sorry. I didnt - cough- mean it” By now he is on the floor, fog comes out of his mouth like a chimney. Maybe he chokes to death before seeing the other.A knock interrupts his musings.A door that was not there before creaks open. And a head peeks out.“Oh deary, seems like you are in a little bit of a…. pickle so to say! Now, now, no need to be like that. Let's get you up and going!!” Helen lifted him up like he weighed nothing and sat him down on a couch.“Now, take a deeeep breath, yes!! There we go and let it aaaall out, slow, yes good! Repeat!”“I- Elias- the crawling- cough-”  Helen nods and keeps her smile.“Yes, i wondered about that, did not think it was him that was tangoing with the little bug queen, but man! I can be surprised still” He furrows his brows and grabs her wrist. It felt like holding paper mache.“You- knew?” Her eyes roll in a kaleidoscope of colors.“I knew someone was messing around in the tunnels, far too many worms along with the fog. I suspected! But I can't be straightforward until its convenient, my nature does not allow me to do it, even if I wanted to help, it's not really up to me. Apologies for the inconvenience” Peter is left somewhat reeling, but more importantly.“He went to the tunnels alone?” Helen winks.“Of course he did, I believe that was the problem, found a little bit of magic similar to yours but more insidious and ancient, mix it up with the rot making him feel loved right after feeling alone and abandoned and you got a cocktail of possessive magics terrorizing his brain. His own patron was blindsided by the fog leaving him even more susceptible to it!! How marvelous, magic can work in such interesting ways once its woven together” Oh no.“Why?? We were supposed to go together! So all those times he said no he actually just went down on his own???” His lungs are feeling better now, so that's something.“Well yes? He is his own person dear if he wants to explore on his own it's up to him! Mayhaps he thought you had more fun with Tim and me? Since we got up to shenanigans without him and just decided to go on his own little adventure! My, its both amusing and kind of pathetic”Peter pinches the bridge of his nose.“Helen please”“What? You dissed him quite badly yourself! I heard youuu” Her sing song tone makes him feel sort of nauseous.“Can- can you open the door for me?”“I don't know, can i ?“Helen i dont have the patience or mood to-”“No, I mean I don't think I can, as I said I'm meant to bring chaos and outright helping you goes against it. I have to do it in a way that makes you frustrated” God why.“So what?? You want me to go through your door? By that rule you would probably keep me there for 3 days and Elias will be-” His throat constricts. Her face makes a guilty expression.“Im- i am sorry, i can't help myself, even when i want to” His anger subsides, he really can't pin the blame on her for that, she is in the worst position as it is.“Then what? I cant leave on my own, you cant help me, Elias is god knows where!!”“Well, i can't help, but that's not to say i can inconvenience someone else to help you, that is something i can do. As for where… well, if he explored the tunnels and that's where he found the rot-”“Yes, but if he met up with Jane somewhere else in town i have no idea how to get there!!” Helen's eyes get crossed.“Then we split up! You know him best! Where could he be alone in town to meet up with her?” Where indeed? If she is with the rot, Jane cant be in places that are too public let alone she causes a panic and they run her off.Isolated, somewhere where Elias likes to be-… The church perhaps?So either the church or the tunnels. If he picks wrong he is dooming him.“I-”“Hey, I will get you some help first, why not think it through? Take a breath, panic won't help dear” True that's all true.It does not make him stop panicking.“Yes. Do that i will- i will think about it”She folds herself back in place, since at some point she started to become more and more abstract as they spoke.“Don't worry we will find the little king!”He wants to believe that very much, Helen pats his head and goes through her door, which suddenly disappears behind her.Peter slumps and grabs his head, he knew Elias was lonely, he just didn't understand it, he tried to talk with him, but he pushed him away, and felt more and more alone, even if he  tried, Peter didn't just try. He actually entertained the idea that maybe Elias was finally feeling the effects of his magic/curse and was getting like that because of him. God, he is an idiot, why did he go on his own?? The first time he tried he almost drowned and he got sick!Was it the day he went out with Tim? He asked him to postpone it, but he refused. Next thing he knew from then on Elias kept refusing him instead. Why did he not wait? Its not like its something that he does often, he just helps Tim out with the fairies, he scares them and he wants to talk with the friendly ones to know if they have any idea about his brother and best friend.Peter doesn't know much about the changelings or the forest of wonder, Missy did never speak much about it, referring to it as somewhat confusing and tactless.“Stealing the little ones and replacing them, how rude, if you have childrens you better take care of them not drop them with someone else!” She was more offended about the changelings dropping their kids with the humans than the other way round. “What happens to the human kids they take?” She bops his nose.“Depends, some turn them into their workers, some turn them into fae, its up to them honestly. Mostly they forget their names if they are old enough, and if they are babies they are just raised as one more of them” He did not think it was very clever.“Why? If they are going to turn them, why leave their kids anyways?”“Exactly starfish!! Why? Well i don't know, i'm not well versed on them to be honest. My knowledge goes only so far, but its quite rude to drop your kids like that! Once you have a little one to look after, how can you want to leave them, you ought to love them and care for them so they grow strong and big!! And happy” He was thirteen at the time and she caressed his cheek and kissed his forehead.“Children are to be looked after” He felt his cheeks flush, not used to someone being so kind, he ended up holding her hand all the way back from the beach to the castle.“Thanks Missy” She smiled at him.“One day you may get a little one of your own and so you better look after them ok? Make sure they are loved, that's important” He wasn't sure about it, but he nodded and it made her happy so he felt just as well.The memory was somewhat dear to him for a long time, albeit now it's far more bittersweet.So yes, he helped Tim and he gave him… advice on how to-Well how to flirt.He added to his list being able to go on a date, Peter did fumble around back home with a few nameless men, just for fun, but he never actually went out on a date.….Ughhhhh.He also needed to stop thinking about Elias, so he figured he should try and go out, but it proves to be difficult. It sucks basically, people are too much and it makes him uncomfortable and if they aren't he is too awkward or thinks about Elias getting what he means more easily.Stupid, stupid crush, its the worst thing ever to happen to him-!…Well, top 5 if you count the curse, dying, being lied to, and the stupid sex dungeon. Where does he go, where should he look for him? If it's the tunnels and Elias explored them, then he knows them the best at this point, not even counting on Helen saying there were worms down there. Sing under the castle he said, so yes it has to be the tunnels, he just doesn't know where he is going, or how to find him.Although… the map? If Elias explored he must have written on it, and if he is being guided by the worms, he wouldn't take it.So ok, he needs the map that's on his room, get something to kill the worms preferably fire, and try to reach him in time.Yes perfect! Just wonderful.Ugh, why does he always get into trouble when he is not looking?! Why can't he be normal for once! He hates hi-Peter starts coughing.Fine, he doesn't, he is his first friend, he doesn't hate him, in fact he really hated it when he started to call himself horrible in front of him. It made him feel terrible, he just wanted to shake him and tell him to stop, to please make sense again. The face of pure hurt when he told him all that was seared into his head. Peter wanted to… apologize? Make up for it? He was being manipulated; it wasn't his fault. After a while Peter is practically climbing the walls with how nervous he is, its been an hour who know how far he has moved by now?? At this point he has considered breaking a table to try and open the door when he hears voices.“I'm telling you! He needs help, just open the door-”“You said that as if you haven't kidnapped me-”“I did not. Do not be rude with me Timothy im doing my best here”“Tim?! Helen?! Knock it off and open the bloody door before i burst a vein” He hears Tim curse and after a little bit the door opens and he barrages outside“Woa- What wrong?? Where are you going-! Peter?!” He moves towards Elias' room, he keeps the map there. Tim and Helen both follow him along.“Oh it's because the little king is being manipulated by the crawling rot magic and it's walking to his possible demise!! He is being very brave trying to save him, before he becomes the host for terribly things” “Helen can you sound a little bit less thrilled about it please??” She grins and he hears his ears pop. Tim makes a face so at least its not only him.“The crawling… how did he even get in contact with that???”“The tunnels under the castle obviously”“HELEN!” “Tun- tunnels?? Wha- of course there are bloody tunnels, what am i saying. You knew? Wait what was he even doing down there??” Peter hurries and tries to go for the shortest version possible.“Wanted to explore them we found footsteps so someone was down there, anyways when i went with you to help talk to the fairies he wanted on his own and must have got marked, and during the week he met the host of the colony? That's why he was acting off and left so much! Now we fought, he locked me in and went up to meet with the one setting them off. Happy?!”“... That's the most words i have heard you say in one go”“....”“But yes I get the gist of it. So what do we do?” Peter stops and shakes his head.“I'm going, you stay in case the worms come by, i think i can by pass them on my own”“Wow, I'm sorry but no? Are you out of your mind?”“Well what do you even want to do??”“I know how to kill these things. I actually passed by a village infected by it on my way here. I need to pick something from my room that will alight this fuckers” He hesitates, Elias as he is, wont take well to Tim if that was setting him off to begin with, but he also needs help…“Fine, meet you at the painting of the late prince near the kitchens”“How exciting a rescue mission!!”“HELEN/Helen!!!”Peter enters quickly in Elias' bedroom and checks around, oh boy.Even while sick his room was spotless, but now? Everything was thrown half haphazardly over the floor and furniture, there were papers strewn out and written excessively. Picking one up he sees Elias writing be all shaky and almost unintelligible. He seemed to repeat the same sentences over and over.
   It's not me, it's them, I'm fine. 

   I don't want to be forgotten, I don't want to be alone please. 

   I'm only happy when I'm with Jane now she gets me like no one else does. 
…. He feels like garbage and strangely enough like he wants to punch Jane.Its the magic he has to remind himself, Elias was bewitched he trusts you, she was the one messing with him and causing all the problems in the first place. Once she is gone he will be back to normal.Looking around he tries to figure where he would leave it, but cant find it, god not the time to-He sees the flowers he gave him including the flower crown.He hesitates.Elias was losing it, but there had to be a part of him that was lucid enough. So he checks just in case.…Inside the vase there was the map.Letting out a breath and an incredulous chuckle, he grabs it and starts moving, but before going with Tim, he hesitates.He goes to the kitchen first.The head chef a woman who seemed very keen on making sure he fed Elias gave him a started look once he was inside.“Um-”“Yes, i- “ Take a breath, use your words “So there was an issue and the king is currently out by magic intervention. Err i'm going to get him, can you tell the guards that if they see some form of silver worms to burn them or kill them? They are supernatural”She stares.He looks at the door.“Sorry for-”“Why not tell the guards first?”“... I don't like them”“....”“Fair enough, i will keep them informed, is that why he was acting so off??” He grimaces and nods.“Yes, he was bewitched, now if you don't mind me going to…”“Oh yes, right. Be careful is there anything you…?”“I mean if you have something to burn a person down quickly-” She makes a guilty face.“...Where does he hire all of you people???”“The king likes to have capable staff, we just deliver”After being given some form of fire dust, he goes.“Just remember to throw it their way and say ignis, that should do the trick” He nods and goes to find Tim with a small staff and Helen just giggling next to the painting. “So where to?” Peter sighs the map shows that there is a way out to the forest near the farms, that makes a lot of sense, then again if there are worms down the castle if they manage to get up… everyone will be dead or infected which is worse.“Elias is going to the forest, by the tunnels most likely to meet up with Jane.. the host” He clarifies to Tims stare “But there is a way to get there faster. Helen… how swarmed are the tunnels by the worms?”“... Well i would call it a river to be honest”“... That's bad”“Are they.-”“Making their way up yes” He stares at Tim.“Can you like, kill them with that?” He makes a face. “I can try”“Helen?”“I can open doors and drop them in the middle of nowhere, so far away from their host they will die for sure”“So you deal with them to buy time, i set fire to Jane and that should kill them all”“You do realize you would be doing the worst part right?? On you own????”“Heh, i… well sort of? But i have a backup i think…” He hopes the fairies at the forest want to help him, otherwise he is really fucked” They both give him an unsure look.“...If you say so”“The guards?”“Not magic trained and we need fire, more of a nuisance, without Gerty here you seem to be the only one with actual knowledge how to deal with the supernatural dearyyy” Helen boops Tim nose making him grimace.“Yes yet you are here” Her grin is sharp.“I am a friend! Of course i'm here!!”“Lets just go please”“... I will be very pissed off if you die or get turned into a worm monstrosity i hope you know”
  
  
  
He guides Tim towards the tunnels and they are a nightmare, the moment they step down the staircase, he sees worms covering the floor completely, Tim tells them to step back and hits the staff on the stone ground, a blue fire appears and starts to burn them, making them scream in pain. Tim grins and tells he will keep the entrance as worm free as possible and for him to hurry and kill that monster.He nods and runs. Just in case he gives him the map, he still cant bear to look too much at it now. It was far more accurate showing that Elias had been going in without him, albeit like the papers in his room it started to have margins notes about being stuck and alone and knowing no one would notice if he was gone, that made him painfully aware of a lot of things that he did not want to think about.Peter moves quickly and goes to the forest, soon he enters the glamor and its in the fairy part of the woods, he looks around and hears a small squeaky voice call out looking around he sees the fungus creature from the other time. Picking him up he starts to talk.“You came back!! Have you seen the little king?? He passed by the other day but seemed wrong, had fog but also rot. Is he alright?”No one noticed, no one noticed, he is so used to that happening to him that is mind boggling to think it with Elias.“i- He's been ensnared by the crawling rot magic, a person has him, i need to save him, but i'm concerned she will try to get me if i'm not careful.” He makes a scared noise.“The rot has been starting to infect the area outside more, the wasp is going around and no one likes it” Wasp? He thinks of the creature Jane showed him.Ah the familiar then.“If she dies, her connection gets cut and the worms should die right? Along with any left over control right??” It nods.“Can… can anyone help me out?” He gives him a look.“Im.. not sure but i can ask around, maybe as a distraction?” He ndos“That's all i need. I already have a way to, you know, purge her?”“Ah, yes that's… well useful but make sure it doesn't spread around to us” He nods and puts him down again. He sees him talk with a bunch of creatures around and eventually a few pixies, water fairies and some animal like fae come along with the little fungus.“It's everyone who can help, I'm sorry” He smiles and offers his finger to him.“Its more than enough i will do most of it anyways!! You are there in case things go bad and i need a distraction, don't even get close to her if possible” They all nod, the pixies are the ones who were fluttering around him and Elias when they came last time. One comes to his face and hisses his cheeks repeatedly.“Hey, hey its stop that-” She giggles.“We will get you your king consort!” Peter splutters.“That is not like that!!!”“Oh? You gave him crown!! Marriage! Shame on you! Fog king not giving the little king his own crown”“Im a prince not a king on the first place-”“Twice over prince yes!”“What?”“Human and fog prince!!! Magic for you, king of two crowns!! Mother gave her gift to you!” Her talk was stilted and weird and he did not understand half of what she was saying.“My mother most definitely did not give me anything beyond perhaps anxiety and deep self doubt, but if you are finished i want to save Elias?” She pouts and flies hiding in his hair.“Can you not?”“Shhh, im secret! Im helping, shhhh fog king” God they are so nonsensical.“Fine, fine, but be careful” A small tug on his hair its all his answer. He goes to where the map showed more or less the door out to the forest, Elias actually added it, thank god for his meticulousness.Opening the door he checks inside, there are fewer worms than with Tim and Helen so its likely they were en masse around the entrance to the castle for a siege.Fuck.Ok, kill Jane and save Elias and the others, yes, easy.God he is way over his head now.He hears buzzing and rustling and Peter turns around, a woman. Or what was a woman? Was staring at him.She did not have that many holes in her face before, he is sure to recall that. He doesn't see Elias so it's likely he is still making his way here in the tunnels. The worms won't touch him, Jane wants to turn him, it appears.“Hello”“Hello lonely one” Very bad start “I was wondering if you would come to us! But friend was correct and you did came, don't worry once he is here we can all be happy together, no more alone, no more sad, just happy!” His smile keeps in place even if she unnerves him, the smell of rotten flesh and illness was making him nauseous, he wonders if that's what made Elias react the first time they met, and Peter just never realized.“I'm afraid we have a misunderstanding, i just came to get Elias, i'm not interested in… whatever that us things is, i'm quite happy the way i am” Her head tilts to the side and he mirrors it to the opposite direction. She blinks.“You are lonely… and kind to the little ones, he is lonely and sad and wants you a lot. Why should I not help? He is a friend too” Wants him a lot? Try to keep it together Peter not the time.“Yeeees, but unfortunately he is my friend, we are just having some difficulties-”“No, you dont understand- of course not- “She hisses and his hand goes to the dust bag in his pocket “Your magic is so lonely, how could you know how it feels to love something so much, so fiercely that it burns you from the inside? How could you ever know how it feels to want someone or something so much that you are willing to hurt to get it- YoUr Not CaPaBlE YEt, BuT we Will ShOW YoU” Her neck makes and awful cracking sound and he steps back, almost falling down the trap door.
  “DoNt WorrY We Will SHOW you HoW to LoVE!”
He jumps to the side when she tries to grab him, her sleeves were rolled up and her arms were also full of holes everywhere. The worms hissed at him. “Behind!” The small squeal makes him run off, when he turns he sees the same wasp that he saw that day hovering ominously, in fact it seemed bigger and it hummed the same way as the worms. “Come along now, we just want to love you, you will never be alone again, neither of you will. Leave her filthy magic and join us in our love- we will spread out so magnificently, the little king will be yours he will not deny you anything if we let us in <3”  Her voice sounds like a song and it drawls at the end like a promise, it makes him ill. To never be alone again? Even if he is cursed he would rather dissipate into nothing than be trapped forever with the hive.“I don't want Elias to be mine like that, I want to be myself! I want him to be himself. What fun would that be otherwise?” Both woman? And familiar look at him creepily, he sees worms start to crawl out from the ground and try to jump him- HOLyHe barely manages to avoid them. Oh no, oh no.Avoid and survive, get closer and burn them.The wasp starts to try and sting him and he has a sudden image of being paralized while the worms crawl inside him. Nope, nope.Get out, out now!He runs.Not towards the clearing, not wanting to get the fairies involved, but not to the farms either the people would get infected and that would be even worse.But he needs to put some space between them. The pixie keeps teeling him where to avoid when the wasp queen comes close by. Just a little bit more-
  “!CoME bAcK To uS PeTer OR WE WILL HuRT HIM, He IS cLose nOW” 
Oh fuck.He prays that nature itself doesn't try to strike him down for this.He grabs the dust and tells the pixie to warn him when she is close by.It takes three attempts but on the third one he throws some fust to the wasp and says ignis.The terrifying screech makes him cover his ears, its like thousands of voices screaming at the same time. The pixie seems to take it worse and passes out he manages to catch her and put her in his front pocket. After he uses the fog to become unseen.The fog repels the rot, but likewise the rot repels the fog..Opposite magic cause an imbalance.That should buy him time. If he kills Jane the contract is done and the wasp has to retreat, her power works better with a host to share it with. That's how it works best, what's a hive without its queen.So he moves through the hazy fog and goes back to where he sees the shape of Jane grabbing half of her body, it was burnt, what happens to the familiar translates to her. Half blinded and in pain she moves looking for him. He sees the other fairies on top of the trees looking at her. The water ones are going to make sure it doesn't spread when he does this.Peter was going to move and throw the entire dust bag on her when a head came out and with horror, he realized that Elias made it all the way here. Jane stops and smiles.“WeLCoMe FrIeND, wE aRE SorrY HE Is BEing RudE, he- yOU wEre RigHT HE dOES NoT wANT To Stay WIth YoU, HE HaTeS YoU LiKe tHE OTherS BUt its Ok, We lOVe yOU, wE uNDEsTAND wHAT yOU feeL, bEEtter thAn ANyoNE” Oh fuck off you worm bitc-“Oh. Oh Jane- of course… heh, yeah it makes sense. Its ok, i dont- i dont mind anymore, i get it im too horrible for anyone to care-”“NoT tO Us, NeVer TO us We LovE yOU!! We WILL ALLWAYS lOVE you, you are ONE OF US NOW, JUST COME CLOSER and you will have someone loving you just as much as you love everyone else, no one will SAY YOU ARE TOO much TO hANDLE”Peter is feeling sick to the stomach the more he hears and he is getting closer and closer, if he can snag Elias back it will be enough to douze her with the dust and be at a safe distance. Hopefully.Then as if the horror did not want to stop he sees her peel part of her melted sking and offers it to Elias who looked quite frankly dazed as all hell. Nope.“TrY” He reaches forward and pushes him back making him yell and Jane tries to jump them. Something furry and with spikes makes her stumble back and scream in more pain, while he struggles to keep the other man from running off towards her. “Calm down-!”  He tries to bite his arm and he pushes him to the floor, the little fungus makes roots grow and grabs Elias' ankles. The pixies start to jump to his face to keep him distracted so he tells the little creature to step away and throws the entire red dust on top of Jane who howls in fury, and throws something next to him, he steps back and says ignis. She goes up in flames.The entire place, not the entire zone including the farms and the tunnels echo thousands upon thousands of screams of pain.He ends up in his knees grabbing his ears while he sees her burn. The fire turns  black .The water fairies wait until she stops moving and the fire gets too close to the trees before turning the fire off. THere was only a pile of ashes left. The worms? He sees the ones on the ground sort of turn to smoke too and disappear as well. Only then there is finally silence.Or well not peace he can hear something choking. What-He turns around.Elias had a knife sticking from his chest.The pixies and fairies are all panicking, because its iron and they can't touch it. Jane was still technically human enough that she could grab it without being harmed. Peter blanks out.He barely manages to get to where he is before struggling to think what to do.Its in his gut at least, her aim was bad since she was angry and panicking. Elias was still bleeding.“TER”“PETER!!” Snapping back he sees the ohter panicked and confused face.“What do i do?!” Elias looks at him and opens his mouth, but lets out a pained sound instead. He sees blood seeping from his middle. God what did Missy say in case of injuries? No, shit. Think, think-Clara!!! What did his sister say? If you get stabbed don't take it out? Otherwise you bleed out faster like an idiot? Yes that's about it right? Ok, don't take it out, don't take it out.“We should go to the castle, they can heal you there, yes! That's alright, you will be fine, juuust fine, it's just- it's just a measly knife in the gut, i'm sure you will be fine, it's not your lungs or heart, so it will be fine right?” The magic creatures are all looking at him funny.“What wrong?” “Um.. foggy one… you eyes are kind of... ““Funny looking?” He takes a breath, calm down, calm down he will scare everyone if he goes out like this, just like you practiced breath and let it out.“Better?” The pixies nod.“Teeth are sharp too, but not more than usual for your species...i think” He gives them a closed smile. Elias looks pale and still a little bit dazed, he quickly checks him to see if a worm or something attacked him, but ultimately there are no wounds. His arms lost the rash but the scratches were self inflicted so those remain. Feeling-Peter has no idea what he is feeling all of this is too much for him and he is very close to simply losing it. Everything was too loud and too much and there are too many different feelings in his head to even attempt to sort them out. So he focuses on the task at hand. He gives the unconscious pixie to their sisters and they thank him, to which he thanks them instead.“Tell her she was very brave” Then he picks up Elias as if he was the most precious and fragile thing ever and this very point he might be. God what if he moves him wrong and that thing gets stuck worse?He is already bleeding internally, oh god, oh god. His hands shake but he keeps him in place.Quickly he takes him to where the portal from the forest is and takes them back, once in the castle he asks for the guards who were already running to see him. For whatever reason they do not ask questions and just tell him to take Elias to the healers, so he does that.Things sort of blur, he is sure a nurse had to pry his hands to let them grab Elias, after he was kicked out outside where he sort of just… sat.When fog started to condense too much he was asked too please move.“I'm sorry but we need to use our own magic and you could tamper with it, so please wait outside we will let you know once things are ok” Nodding he walks until he realizes his hands and clothes were bloody so he goes to his room and washes them throwing away the shirt.Eventually he goes to the beach and sits quietly with Opal who just lays her head on his lap, making little thrills from time to time, while he pretty much loses the next few hours of conscious thought.He only reacts because he feels someone slapping him lightly and sees Tim and Helen stare at him worriedly. He can speak. So he makes a few clicks with his tongue that the woman interprets for him.“It went… bad, but also well, there were too many, so we needed to retreat, they came up to the castle, but fortunately the staff seemed to have know to use fire, apparently someone warned the chef and she ran her voice” A poke to his cheek, thank god her hands were currently normal.“Yeah, i used the staff, and the others who came by used some fire dust to kill as much as we could, some paintings from like 300 years ago got toasted, but ultimately i think it was better than having anyone die or get eaten alive by worms”“Heard the little king is fine now, got something of a stab, but that it was fixable. You are ok?” She sounds almost genuine, he thinks perhaps hysterically. Peter makes a sort of motion and a few more clicks.“Ah, she got him at the last moment?” He nods. Tim gives them a few odd looks.“How- what are you doing i don't-”“Fae talk, if you are around them enough you can pick on it, this one spent his childhood gallivanting in the woods near his house, i can show you some of it later Timmy boy” He makes a face.“I would rather burn more worms” Helen laughs and hits his back.“Oh i like you. Look at us!! Saving the castle and the king, we deserve a raise. I think” Tim squints and Peter sort of half listens, happy to know the other man was apparently fine.“You don't work here!! Neither of you do technically”“I don't know about that, Peter will be a consultant for the maritime trade for Elias and well- I am just having such a marvelous time with you two, my favourite people!” “Your dad?” Helen smiles, stiffens and swirls all over her face.“A work in progress to find him! But I'm sure I will have all the time to do it right? He has to be somewhere, if he was dead the others would have told me”“Helen?” Tim gives her a doubtful look, clearly not on the loop about her situation, of course he wouldn't, Peter doesn't have the heart to tell him what most likely happened to his brother and friend. He sort of hugs Opal's head instead and makes a few more clicks for Helen who turns sharply to him.“Only if there is not a choice deary, and ask him yourself”“What did he say?”“Nothing, something stupid and sad, that he should by all means tell the little king himself eventually” He shoves her and she falls into the water. Helen doesnt come out, Its fine.“Is she…?”“Fine”“Oh, ok sure thing bud…” Tim hesitates and moves to sit next to him. He doesn't ask anymore and they both just stay petting Opal.Its nice.He adds more things to his list for things to do before he dies.
  
  
Elias is asleep and he won't be able to see him until morning, but plenty of people thanked him for warning them and saving the king again. It was very odd and uncomfotable, those who were far used to bully him to give Elias stuff scared off the ones that were too friendly, knowing it was making him retreat and use his fog to turn them dumb to escape.The chef he spoke to Miri, merely patted his back and told him to rest, everyone is just excited since something happened, and everyone was just happy to not have gotten hurt.“But Elias-”“You tried your best, you got rid of that cursed thing controlling the worms and got him almost in top condition, no one bregrudges you”He is not sure about it, still thinking about Jane talking with him, how Elias just sort of gave up self deprecating.Ugh.“Go to sleep lad,  you look like hell” Peter just nods and disappears quickly to his room.Almost done, he was about to go to bed, when something moves in his periphery, he turned slowly and the shirt he was wearing, the bloody one, that he threw in the garbage was shaking.Peter grabs a shoe. If its a fucking worm or that wasp he is squashing it now.He was about to hit it when something black darted from it and launched at his face, making him fall on his ass trying to get it off.!!!!!?!?!He pulls and tugs until it lets out a pained sound but stops fighting him so he throws against the wall, It slides sadly against it like goop.“What the fuck!? Can this day get any worse!?” The goop lets out a wail, not of pain, but the kind children make when they are scared.Oh fuck no. The little shadow twists and turns not knowing how to look like, it was the size of a cup of tea. Oh nonono.Its little multiple eyes, suddenly turn to him and try to reach out with twig like hands.“What is a changeling child doing here???”
  
    Chapter Text
    Elias feels like floating, he doesn't recall much of… anything basically beyond pain and feeling miserable like never before.He wants to curl up on his side, but a burst of pain makes him unable to.So he drifts off instead.He swears he hears voices and some yelling, but it slips away and he falls asleep just as quickly…. Elias wakes up and is hit by the instant knowledge that he has been unconscious for 3 days, his insides are already almost healed by the efforts of several healers from the castle and the town. He is in the castle currently in the medical wing, Doctor Elliot was checking on him. The weather was a few degrees colder than before and Elias was starting to panic.“Your majesty? Your majesty's deep breaths calm down, do like i do, yes, there we go, in and out, in and out!” It takes him a few minutes to come back from the sudden surge of information it had been… days since he was able to know something and that should have alerted him that something was off, but he had been so wrapped up in his own things that he could not see it.Elliot asks him questions and checks his vitals, he tries his best to answer and remember as much as he can.“What's the last thing you remember?” That.That's a hard question, he remembers two things, but they are lumped together.He recalls talking with Peter and locking him in the library, but he also recalls him looking down at him in terror.The middle of point a to point b is a complete blank.Maybe… maybe he thinks he saw… Jane.“I- Peter? And a woman-”“Yes, Jane correct? She was affiliated with the crawling rot, mister Foster went to find you, he warned the help and with Mister Stoker and some… maid? Burned all the worms that started to try and get inside the castle” Elias' mind goes blank and he tentatively asks his patron about it. The information goes slower, as if it knew he would not be able to handle it in one go.Its correct.It tried to warn him about her, but the tunnels and the fog there made it incapable to connect right with him. Jane was part of the crawling rot, had slowly been letting him simmer, while the fog trap in the tunnels kept feeding and making him worse every time he went on his own.Elias had been completely fooled and he felt like the biggest idiot in existence. Despite his own feelings on the matter what doctor Elliot said was of concern so he goes right to it.“Did anyone get harmed or infected? The people of the castle or- the farms! The worms had been living there-” The man stops him with a tired look.“Its been seen to it, Timothy, the new help? The one who burned most of the worms, along with Peter suggested the same thing, guards went, some people were ill and some died, but most of them were fine, apparently she focused into getting her worms here and left the people alone so very few were consumed, we did have to burn those who were already infected once they died, but their ashes went to their families, its been three hectic days while you were out your majesty. We were waiting for you to approve to burn the zone with the ill crops. And close that section, besides that everyone was worried about you” No they weren't, why would they be worried about him, no one cares about-A metaphorical sigh and slow images of people coming to check on him in the castle. The farmers apologized for Jane, they knew something was off with her, but were scared and now their king was hurt. Get well gifts and more visitors.Elias blinks back some tears that he was starting to feel try come out. Nodding he thanks him and asks how long does he need to stay in here.“Mm, one more day and you may stay and rest in your room, the danger is gone, but you will experience bouts of pain, plus you unfortunately you will have a… few scars. Your stomach and arms mostly.Arms? He looks down and realizes he has bandages peeking from under his shirt, he lifts them up to see and gives him a questioning look. The man's look is… not pity but it's sad, and it rubs him the wrong way.“While afflicted by the magic you started to hurt yourself, some  part of you managed to try and bandage it, but it was rather sloppy, so those will remain, i'm sorry your majesty, none of us knew you were being hurt and well, it could have been too late” His brain goes blank and he tries to say something reassuring, but can't for the life of himself find what to say.“I'm sorry i let myself-”“No, no, that's not your fault, magic of that kind is very corrosive” Elias is not sure. Elias knows it wasn't just the magic, it wouldt have taken that much hold if he didn't give him something to cling to. And… he thinks he remembers very lightly hearing Jane saying that maybe it's everyone else's fault and not his. He doesn't want to pretend the fault was only on them, Elias was the one who fucked up, but he cant admit it to the man so he nods and says he is still tired.“I will ask for some soup and once you eat it, you can sleep a little bit more”“Thank you” “And by the way, should i let Peter know you are awake? He has been hovering a lot and the healers and nurses had to run him off since he kept bringing that fog of his along and i did not want to mix any magic while you healed” Elias coughs.“Err, you noticed then his…” He smiles indulgently.“Mostly me, some of the healers and a few of the chefs everyone else sort of forgets it” Better he thinks, oh Peter would hate it if he realized they figure him out. On the other hand, Elias-Elias doesn't want to face him. Pieces of the week leading to it started to come back and… and he really was messed up huh? Peter hadn't even been wrong about it. He probably felt guilty and saved him, but he recalls the fight and he… doesn't really have a right to call him his friend anymore. One of the things he recalls with clarity now is admitting he had a crush on him.He really just ruined everything good in his life did he not? The only thing he did right was manage the kingdom and even that… it's temporary.“Not… Now, I would rather feel less like garbage first, but do let him know I'm fine, mostly” He nods and leaves, probably to get him something to eat. Elias slumps a little bit and dozes off until a maid comes in with food and starts coddling him asking if he was ok and that everyone in the staff has been very concerned this last few days-“Honestly we are so glad!! Your majesty had been in such a weird and concerning mood no one knew what to do to help! I'm so glad you are well my king” Elias sort of eats and feels very self conscious, not used to this kind of thing, the staff usually merelly gossiped about him or did their own thing, with some pointers from him.“I see, I'm happy to be getting better…” She nods and fluffs his pillow in nervousness for the fifth time, he wants to snap at her, but she genuinely seems to be relieved.“Emm, thanks for your help Miss Smith. Really, but i would like to sleep a little bit more in very tired”“Oh! Yes, yes apologies” She picks everything and goes.Elias feels exhausted, itchy and like he wants a bath, but until they let him leave to his room, he needs to stay here. So a nap. Perhaps things will make more sense later.Thankfully he dreams of nothing but darkness. The next time he wakes up he really has to use the bathroom and the nurses have to help him stand which is embarrassing, but fortunately for him he can walk as long as it's easy steps and he doesnt over exert. His wound is healed, but there is still a chance that it might open a little. After that particular endeavour, he asks very nicely if he can perhaps take a bath or go to his room to rest. He needs to redress his wounds after it. So he is allowed to do it while the doctor waits and once he is done he bandages him up leaving him to his own.The room was clean, impeccable in fact.Elias left it a mess and the idea of the maids seeing it, seeing how low he fell makes him hide under the covers in pure shame. He still doesn't want to see Peter, now that everything is clear again, he realizes everything that he did and thought.Worst part is he can just put all the blame on the magic of the rot or the fog, because… it was him.Those were his own ideas, they just made them worse, he was already thinking all of it to some degree. He wanted to get rid of Tim, he felt jealous, felt like Peter was entitled to him, it was all him.He called him a curse when in reality he had helped him this far in everything, Elias was just a bitter person who was terrible at holding any kind of bonds without destroying them and watching them burn. This was just proof.The staff? Sure he hired a lot of people with questionable pasts and gave them opportunities, but in reality it was to have something over them. They know he knows. He made sure of it, why the hell are they all so happy? Its not even a trick they are happy, His patron finds it sort of disgusting but also entertaining.Why does anyone care? At least to the people of the kingdom he was somewhat of a faraway thing, a concept, so they didnt care if he died. The farmer would be worried to be pinned the blame for everything that happened since they kept secrets, so that makes a little bit more sense to him.Peter… well he doesn't know at this point, he doesn't know anymore at all. Maybe he should just let him go, certainly life would be simpler for him, perhaps offer him his own cottage near the beach for repayment for saving him that way he can keep seeing Helen and Tim. Far better friends than he is, for sure.No friends huh? Yeah that checks out fairly well.He will get the entrance to the tunnels locked for real this time. Not worth the effort at all. Whoever was there should leave and if it was Gertrdue well he had locked her out. He thinks he can hire a few constructus that wont ask questions and if they do he has hunters for hire to get rid of them, whatever.Elias sleeps again. He hears knocking on his door, he waits.If its a healer, maid or guard they will announce themselves. The only two people who dont do that are Gertrude and Peter and since one won't be back for another day, he suspects the latter.Wait.Knocking again.Elias remains quiet, he doesn't want to talk with him. He feels too ashamed for it.“...Elias? I know you are there, everyone has told me that you are in your room at this point, they keep asking if i have come to see you” A flare of anxiety, do they know? Are they doing this to make him feel worse?No… no they said Peter had been hovering, that they had to kick him out, so its not maliciousness on their part.Just them being nosy.Elias just pretends to sleep.He doesn't hear knocking anymore, but he doesn't hear footsteps either.Peter stays and he feels like shit.Eventually, much, much later another knock and a maid asks to come in. He waits for a little bit and then she knocks more urgently.“Your.. your majesty?”“Mm, come in, i was-” He yawns for effect “Sleeping” A sigh and the door opens with the maid coming in with his food, she closes the door hesitantly. “Lunch sir”“Thanks” He speaks softly and accepts the trail. She remains and says nothing until he finishes. Still she is mindful of her voice.“...sir if i may, you should let him in, he has been waiting this long…” Elias gives her a tired look and shakes his head sadly. She frowns but relents.Once she is gone he picks up a book from his bedside table and reads, even with his patron telling him that Peter is outside.
  
  
He leaves at some point, he hears footsteps and he is gone. Elias lets out a sigh of relief. Maybe he gets tired eventually. Peter comes again later in the afternoon and the process repeats itself, he ignores him and he stays there waiting.Waiting for what?? What does he want!?Elias wants to be alone and feel bad for himself so he can go back to pretend everything is fine and life is not a nightmare of epic proportions. He manages to get out of bed slowly and carefully, he picks up some paper, pen and sits to write a few messages. Step 1, screw the tunnels and whoever is down there they are getting closed down. Step 2 hire someone to get rid of the contractors, Miriam should be able to find someone who doesn't ask questions. Step 3 actual constructors to make a beach house for Peter so he can stay there and leave him alone.Yes, perfect.Step 4… tell Peter to leave?He stops writing and takes a breath. He saved him, but Elias can't promise to not hurt him, to not get overpowered by his own hubris like he always does. Even more that he realized he likes him more than as friends. He is petty and jealous to a concerning degree this just proves it even more, his entire life is just one test that he keeps failing in that regard.Life was easier when he did not have anything to care or lose. What worry could he have when all he needed was to watch over his back and nothing else? He should have learned his lesson from Barnabas, Jonathan and Albrecht. But instead he just keeps on dragging people down with his own issues. Peter is not the curse he is.He is the one that drags everyone down and ends up watching it all unfold.What a useless person he is.In the end he merely writes him a letter thanking him for saving him and asking what does he want as a reward, that he could get him a nice little beach house near his ship.Hopefully he gets the bloody hint and leaves him well off alone. Next time someone comes to get him food he tells them to give that to Peter when they go out. The face of the woman was concerned, about which one of them was unclear.Still she does as told.He drinks some tea and hears silence until something slams the floor and footsteps walking off can be heard. He feels….Well it doesn't matter what he feels, Elias needs to keep it all together and not show any more weakness than he already did. Gertrude comes back and she enters his room without knocking, he hears someone scramble from the floor so Peter was most likely sitting there  again .For someone who likes to be alone he sure is being stubborn about this.“Elias”“Gertrude” She stares at him.“Not going to get attacked?” Oh god, this woman. Still she is the first one to not walk on eggshells around him so that improves his mood lightly.“Mistakes were made, I'm alive at the very least and the people are ok. Tim burned most of the worms attacking the castle” Her eyes narrow.“I heard, also where did they come from if I may ask?”“The tunnels” He grabs the bridge of his nose. “Apparently they go further away than I knew. Jane was the one who was making the crops rot and making farmers sick, her worms found a way in and they started to try and break inside” Her face is marble and he is glad he is good at lying to her face.“And you?”“I was at town and accidentally befriended her, i didn't realize what was wrong and her magic got me, so our patron couldnt warn me, trust me its pissed off enough as it is about it, letting the rot in, ugh” Her face is critical, but ultimately she sighs.“Im glad things turned out alright, the thing with the viscera is solved by the way, lets say they wont be attempting anything of the sort for a long, long while” He nods.“Good” She stays and gives him that look.“No-”“If you die there is no one to replace you, you haven't even named any heirs” What does it matter to you, you are planning to get rid of me with the prince. He doesn't say that, but oh was he tempted.“And i want for now. I have time, this is an isolated problem, i don't need to have kids or get married yet!” He realizes he is raising his voice and he locks his jaw, lowering it again, this entire thing annoys him.“This is the second, sorry third time you almost die in so many months. First those bandits, then Annabelle, now this? You are getting into trouble way too fast” “All of that happened because i left ok?! I wont leave the castle anymore, its better if i stay here keeping an eye on things anyways, it was stupid to think otherwise!” He sees surprise in her eyes for a split of s second, but then its back to her default calculating look.“I see, well think about it then” She turns to leave, but stops close to the door “I don't believe locking yourself here will help either. Plus you have a little mess outside… if you didn't know” The door opens and he hears someone fall back on the floor.“... Hello Peter” Getrude looks down on him with amusement.“.... Hi?” “Have a nice day Elias, also...i am glad you are alive, believe it or not” Then she is gone and he has a man lying on the floor.…“Can you close the door on your way out?”“.... Elias” He does not want to hear it, he doesn't.“Its getting colder did you know that the temperature has lowered significantly these last few days? If we are lucky we may be able to catch the snow early this year-”“Elias” He is getting up and Elias starts to try to get out of the bed quickly.“And i really am getting cold so i'm going to take a warm bath so  you should go ” He is standing now and Peter is just as well. “So go away” Peter blinks at him and his legs shake a little bit.“Didnt you-”“I'm sorry”What?“Why? You didn't do anything wrong, I'm the one who fucked up” Peter comes closer and he doesn't know where to move, carefully the taller man puts his hand on his shoulder and pushes him lightly to sit on the bed. He goes down.“Because you were under magic influence and i didnt notice? Because I didn't help? Because… I said things that I did not mean and it made you snap. Because- I tried to save you and got you stabbed instead-” He looks more… upset the more he speaks and he ends up sitting next to him.“Because somehow you ended up feeling like telling a complete stranger over me what bothered you? And also because  it wasn't your fault” He takes a breath.“But it was”“The rot-” He cant take it anymore, this man should not apologize!! He is the one who is messed up, he just dragged him into this.“Peter it doesn't make me feel bad out of nowhere it has to come from me and you know it. I was the one at fault, you weren't wrong i am a miserable bastard, that's why i don't have friends i ruin everything i do! I get so caught up that I become possessive and entitled and I can't stop it!! I was feeling bad about seeing you with- with Tim, but it's not your fault, you should be able to be with more people than me, its even preferable, I'm a certified mess if you haven't noticed!!” He is ranting and refuses to look at him now that he is finally going.“The reason I'm alone besides me being busy is that I literally become too controlling and people hate me for it, i have done awful things because of it without the influence of any other magic before. By all means I should let you leave or stay somewhere else, otherwise I will also do the same to you” Elias looks down to his hands and breathes hard, he is counting the seconds it takes for Peter to tell him off. Instead there is just silence for an unidentified amount of time.Eventually he sighs and he feels the resignation, better, now he can-“I killed Jane” Elias frowns.“Im… sorry you had to-”“She was the one causing the crops to die” Elias is… a little bit lost but nods.“So i fixed the issue right?” “.... What?” “The bet remember? I said I could fix it and I killed Jane, therefore I won. I want my free day with you. In fact i want to celebrate my birthday with you, the day after the celebration of the missing prince” Elias shakes his head and tries to deny it-“You also asked what I wanted for a reward right? Well i want…. to teach you how to bake” Elias doesn't understand.“I don't- why are you-!? Did you not hear what I said? You should go and-” He finally looks to his face and Peter looks  terrible. He has bags under his eyes, he is pale and practically bloodless looking. Its honestly frightening.“What-” He leans down and for a second, an embarrassing second he has the idea that he was going to kiss him and his entire body felt like it was burning from the inside out. Instead he does something perhaps worse; he hugs him.He is stiff as a board and his arms don't seem to know where to settle, but Elias realizes that he hasn't been hugged in a long time and the stress actually got him, because tears started to come to him.“I-”“You are very bad and I'm aware, maybe not about everything that you did, I don't want to know too much info, but I'm pretty sure I wouldn't care. If you haven't noticed my moral compass is a spinning wheel, thank my nanny and uncle for that” Elias is pressed closer to his chest and is tucked under his chin, he can hear Peter’s heartbeat go fast out of nerves.“You were awfully off, but you tried to hold on, otherwise you wouldn't have kept yourself from telling me all that, or hurting Tim to get me. Yes its awful, but even so you made an effort. And ironic for me to say this, but you're not alone? The people here do care, i have been accosted with questions about your health non stop. And for what is worth… I don't know what Jane told you, but I don't hate you and I do think you are my um… my f-friend” The stammer is cute, Elias hears him, he does, but he can't stop feeling terrible just because of some nice words.It… doesn't stop him from crying due to it. Peter pats his back and he just… lets it all out.Why does this infuriating man still want him around when he makes his life so complicated?? He doesn't get it, but he is here and now he is not alone and even if Elias can't forgive himself or let it go, just for this moment he will let it be.Peter pats his back unsurely but does not let him go even if he looks uncomfortable, his shirt gets wet with his tears, but even then he can't stop. They sort of stay like that until Elias has no more tears to shed. He knows he should push back, they have been at it, far longer than acceptable, but he doesn't want to let go.Both because its been so long and because he likes being this close to him.That last thought unfortunately makes him let out a sob and push back. Pathetic, father would be displeased.Peter lets him go at first but pulls him closer again when he lets out the sob.“It's ok, seriously. If you get any- urges to... I don't know kill us all, tell me and I will talk you out of  it i swear!” He is joking and that actually is so unexpected that he snorts and laughs.It's not ok, but… it can't get worse than it already has, he pretty much hit rock bottom at this point.Hopefully.He nods.“I will try” Peter sighs and releases him. He still looks like shit too, so he asks.“What's up with you… why do you look so… tired?” Peter snorts and kocks lightly on his shoulder.“Bad dreams… plus i…. might have, perhaps- adoptedababychangelingwhileyouwereunconcious”Elias sort of-Flounders for an answer to  that . So he chooses to tackle the least weird part first.“Nightmares about… what? If i may ask?” Peter's face is hilarious and in any other situation he would be laughing at it, instead he waits.“...That you bleed out on me or Jane gets you with the worms” He sees him pick at his hands and a very blurry recollection of seeing him panic comes to him.Oh.“I woke up and sort of didn't know what to do, the first time I tried to sneak to the medical room, but i got kicked off by staff who assured me you were fine” That's- he is glad his face was all red from crying cause the blush would be too obvious otherwise. Peter starts to play with the end of his sleeves and he wants to hold his hands to stop him and calm him down. Instead...Ok, well if he can keep getting away with it, might as well capitalize on it.“Do you want to take a nap here?” Peter stares and then he sees some color on his cheeks that make him smile tiredly, much more lively.Better.“You can see I'm fine if you have a nightmare now, and its not like you haven't already slept here. And… well your room is next to mine, knock the wall and i will knock back to let you know i'm fine during the nights”Peter hesitates and Elias moves to get back in the bed.“Cmon i will read for a little bit” Peter nods and after getting his shoes off he climbs next to him, over the covers like a heathen and just lays stomach down looking at him. Elias read outloud and he sees him slowly close his eyes and sleep, soon there is light snoring and he stops a little bit. Humming he softly traces a finger lightly on his arm making him shiver.This bearded lonesome sailor sort of got him and it's terrifying.Elias is tired after all the crying so he lays down too on his side and dozes off. Blinking bearily he feels something cling to him and sees Peter has pretty much latched onto him. His hair smells floral and like the beach which is the weirdest combination possible at this time of year. Feeling confused but rather warm he starts to play with his hair.After a while he stops, feeling cozy enough to sleep again, when the man seems to stir and nuzzle the crook of his neck. making him go through like 5 different emotions settling on-Holy shit.Hehhehehe Elias is struggling now, very awake and aware of how close they actually are, when Peter lets out a hot breath while brushing his lips against the skin of his neck. His face is on fire and now he has come to terms that if he died right that moment he would have died very happy.Perhaps a little bit too much if Peter doesn't stop moving his legs so close to his-Oh shit.Hahahaah, oh shit.Ssssstop.Elias starts to try and untangle them for his own peace of mind and body, but Peter makes a honestly adorable sound of protest stopping him.Ok, so this is a thing, just calm down and it will be fine!!JustFine.The man stays still and he lets out a breath, he is just blowing this out of propor-BAD CHOICE OF WORDSsTUPID, Stupid, stupid.Just relax. Eventually he calms down and stays in place checking on the people of the castle with the paintings to pass the time since sleep isn't an option anymore.After a while Peter starts to move, he thinks he is waking up, but he is actually frowning and opening and closing his hands over and over. Oh he is having a nightmare.“Oh Peter…i'm sorry” He is sorry, he honestly did not mean for him to get traumatized or hurt. Its his own doing as always. Dragging others down even when he doesn't mean to.Elias starts to feel cold and miserable for being the cause of this, but ultimately the man twitching in place makes him snap up a little bit, so he starts to talk about…About his favourite things, flowers, desserts, books, research.It was boring, yes, but he found joy on it.Horror stories, at one point he considered writing recollections of other people's encounters with the supernatural, but being a king was far more important than that.Peter stops moving so much and he relaxes going boneless again. If he had been sleeping so little the last 5 days no wonder he looked so tired. Elias… is selfish so once he is calm he kisses his forehead and tries to sleep a little bit more.He had an excuse after all. Much later is Peter who wakes him up by moving away, so he pretends to be asleep a little bit longer and then gets up. He is slightly flushed, but looks so much better now. Offering him a smile, Elias feels his heart soar and he knows he is very fucked.“So…. What was that about adopting a changeling? Or did I dream up that one?” His face goes straight to sheepish and he flops to the bed covering his face with his hands.“She clung to my clothes when I was bringing you here! Its, don't tell Tim, I think he might kill her” Elias stares but nods and feels a small burst of satisfaction at being his confidant in this. He is aware that is very fucked up after everything that happened.“She, um, do you know why he is here?” He gives him a look.“Of course right. So a funny story? She originally ate her friend's memories, but they were so… positive and happy that she felt bad, too young to be supposed to steal someone's life, you know ? So after the girl escaped memoryless she tried to find her to give them back” “That goes against their-”“Nature, yeah I know” He sees the smile of wonder. “I didn't know they could do that, I assumed-” He shakes his head.“Nevermind. Point is, she tried to give them back, but by the time she found her and tried to, she got some friends and one of them thought she was attacking her so he stabbed her with iron. Long story short, she only gave back half of the memories and because of the wound and being a traitor, she lost her place in the forest of wonders so she clung to strangers and reached here, when she saw me help the pixies and save you, plus felt out magic she clung to me and well basically stayed”“... What does she… look like?”“Like a blob of shapeless darkness the size of a teacup, i'm trying to get her to mimic a porcelain doll i found to make it less weird, but seems that she is too young yet to manage”“Ok, and it won't be a problem? I mean it after what happened, and what if she is lying”“Doubt it, and she wont i swear” Elias stares at him until Peter lets out a sigh.“I swear”“Fine, what do we call her?”“Well, after talking it out i picked Pasha”“... Sasha was the name of Tim’s friend”“... I know?”“You really are very bad at picking names” He sees his offended face and he seemed like he was about to refute him when a knock interrupts and a healer asks if she can come on. He tells her to wait, Peter puts his shoes and goes to leave.“I will bring her in later don't worry she is… mostly harmless, more clumsy than anything”“Sure, sure” The healer comes in and gives Peter a grin that has the man run off quickly and Elias raises an eyebrow.“Oh sorry i knocked before but you didn't answer so i thought you might be asleep, i'm glad you talked it out instead” Her face was cheerful and he was mildly suspicious but she pushes him back and started to check his wound and he had to forget about it when she merely lifted his shirt like nothing.Perhaps he made a somewhat embarrassing surprised noise.
  
  
….Pasha was… just the size of his hand, she seemed thrilled with throwing herself at Peter’s face and the man in his panic threw her to the wall, where she slid laughing maniacally.“That… doesn't hurt?”“NooO If i wanted to have bones it would!! But i don't, brother usually threw me against the treees, albeit he was mean and told me to get birdy bones first, you are nice!!” Elias pokes her curiously, and she giggles grabbing his finger with her twig like arms. He gives Peter a shocked expression that the man returns with a grimace.They weren't very nice to this one.She had no shape and felt sort of squishy, in fact he actually grabs her and stretches her.Peter tries to stop him and she laughs.“I like your consort!!”“NOT HIS CONSORT!/PASHA!”“Agaiiin” He pokes her and she giggles. His lips twitch upwards, Peter who is standing behind him put his face next to his, looking at her, making him squeeze Pasha on accident, still she seems happy in her own way.“Fuuun”“So do you want to find Miss…”“James!!”“Right and give her her memories back?” Pasha pulses on his hand and mimics his voice, but switches to Peter and somehow Helens.“I want To, but Her Friends were scarey!! The one with weird colored hair stabbed me!! The big fluffy one panicked and the short grumpy one tried to grab me so I ran!! Their cat was off too. It tried to bite me and- and saw me and it hurt. So i left and then I was in the forest alone, the others dont like my kind… so i was waiting, saw the wormy thingies, then saw you two!!! And Peter was nice to the pixies and smelled like magic so i came too, wanted somewhere safe to stay, winter is cold and it hurts, my shape becomes stiff” Elias lets her move between his fingers, her voice ended up back to the original that he recognizes from Tim’s recollections as Sashas.“You have to change that voice, the friend of Sasha lives here”“Friend? ...  AH! “She gasps excitedly “Tim?? Timmy!?! Tim Tim Tim, Tim is nice and good and gives good hugs” He sees the shadow-like substance shift into what looks like a smile, letting happy thrills.“Yes… well he is mad, because he thinks your people still have his friend and brother”“Brother? I don't know brother, i only met Sasha!! Well she didn't know, she was lost and stuck her hand inside my tree, i was napping in my little crook, she yelled about goop and i bit her cause i was scared, and i took her memories by accident” Pasha climbs his arms with little tendrils and once she is close to his shoulder she launches herself to Peter’s face again making him yell and flail around.“Mphsh” Elias starts laughing, it hurts his gut, but its honestly hilarious. The sailor again just scoops her up and chucks her to the wall.“AGAIN!!!”“See why I can't sleep?!” He hides his grin, Pasha climbs his leg and he picks her up.“Not my fault you kept her, you could have just given her to Helen, their kinds are similar” Peter sighs.“I tried, but she is busy trying to find someone so she will forget about her in the hallways, and… if she went against her nature…. i just-” He looks hesitantly and with something like incredulity.“Sometimes they do, that's what Simon likes to say, when a fairly loves they can change”“... yeah, maybe” He grabs Pasha from his hands brushing them together making him let out a small breath. The little changeling grabs both of their hands and sticks them together with her as the glue into basically holding hands, Peter starts to cough.“Pasha!”“Nice! You are nice, hold hands with me!!! Makes Pasha happy!!” Oh, he gives Peter a look and feels flustered, but the man is occupied staring at the little creature in thought “I have an idea, Elias?” He looks at him and they lower their hands, then the taller one starts to swing them back and forth, Pasha slips a little and holds both ends, so now they are swinging her.“Faster! FASTER” He snorts and they swing her until they spin her all the way round.“YESSS, THANKS WEEEEE” Peter grins and they all sort of laugh at the antics of the little goopy creature.Peter is correct, she is too small for changelings and after poking at her with his powers, which she did not like but let him to make sure she could stay, he verified her story, she did try to return the memories, her recollections were somewhat spotty, but a man with a quite honest horrible dye job stabbed her.There were two other man but she saw them more as shapes than people. One was tall like Peter and seemed somewhat translucent, while the other was short and had a few scars.At the time she had been bigger because of Sashas memories feeding her, but after returning half of them plus the stab with the iron dagger she became small. Eventually Pasha would grow big enough to shapeshift into anything she wanted. But for now was stuck in her small childish shape.“Happy, happy holding hands makes Pasha happy, does it make E-LEye-as happy? Does it make PeTeR?” “Its Elias”“E-L-EYE-AS?”“No no, Elias say it with me E-LI-AS”“She is saying your name?” Peter is puzzled and pokes his arm, making him shush.“She is saying it wrong” His face is priceless.“it sounds like your name”“Yes, well she is saying the I like eye”“.... how do you even know that?”“... My patron is telling me”“E-LIE-AS”“No, no, not with Lie either, just Elias” She moves in indecisions and a bunch of tiny arms come forth and scratch her back, he was about to question it but realizes Peter is doing the same. Give him patience.After 15 minutes she gets it.They are all lying on his bed, he does not know how it ended up like that, since he was resting, but Peter stayed and Pasha sort of climbed between them and was wrestling with the covers while trying to not fall asleep. Petre actually put his head on his lap, making him struggle to not start petting his hair.“Should you tell Tim that Sasha is fine and that she has half of her memories?” Peter rolls on his side and gives him a look.“He will want to hurt her for information she doesn't have, or will try to get in the forest with the hopes to get his brother” Both true assessments.“He will be more mad if you lie, trust me he doesn't take too well to it” He sighs and covers his eyes with his arm.“I'm aware. I just… how the hell do i make him not try to threaten her, do you see her?” Oh he does, the stories for changelings are varied, but he has never seen something quite like Pasha. She tumbles around and he picks her up to rest against him. She mimics his yawn and snuggles closer to him. His eyes soften.“.... Maybe explain it before letting him meet? I will look after her and you can bring him here so i can vouch for her, plus convince him it's suicidal to go?”“mnghhhh” “Sorry dear, it's the only thing I can think of now” Peter stays quiet and just stays there.After a while of quiet he was about to ask something, when he heard low snoring. Ah of course. He understands where Pasha gets it then.The man and changeling were both asleep on top of him, so with resignation he lay down and played with Peter’s hair while petting the little blob, who let small snores similar to the man, if not completely the same.Two halves of the same idiot.But… he bops Pasha and Peter making them scrunch up and he smiles.His idiots.Elias reads and when the blob wakes up first she asks to be told a story, he smiles and complies while letting a hand rest on top of Peter who he saw smiles in dreams and for a moment, for a single precious moment in the big space of this planet he was completely at ease.Elias will remember this day fondly.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Elias has a nice few days afterwards, with Peter and Pasha coming along to visit him. It's funny but they all end up at some point just laying on his bed relaxing. He thinks he is being spoiled because eventually this will have to stop, he is sure of it.


  He sort of curses his past self who got to have Peter hold him all through the journey back to the castle and did not appreciate it for what it was. 


  Hindsight is a bitch.


  Then again he wasn't interested in him as he was now. Which is why it makes things even harder for him. He sees him all drowzee and happy playing with the changeling that crawls all over them and he feels a pang of want.


  He wants this to be his everyday and it's infuriating that it can't be, he is no good for him at all, in fact he dreads the idea of eventually succumbing to his usual means and hurting him. Hates that he is so petty and jealous over his attention.


  Even when the man tells him that everyone was happy with him being ok, he can't truly ever believe it. Of course they would, he lets them live here and not question most of their shady’s past.


  Its why he tries to pull back from time to time but the sailor cuts him and tells him as before that he won't let him get so bad. 


  “I will stop you i promise” And he wants to believe that so badly, so desperately-


  “Wuuuuuh E-Lie-as huuuug, buuuh don't be sssaaad, be happy like Pasha!!” The little blob jumps to his arms and stretches to quote “hug him” Its well, something. Her little bug like eyes stare at him and she lets small little thrills of joy that make him chuckle and squish her.


  “How could I be sad with that incentive?” He starts to play around with her making her giggle. Her voice has been steadily mixing with others since Peter takes her in his pockets to walk around the castle, so she doesnt sound only like Miss James.


  It's actually sort of relaxing to squish her, she seems to have fun and not be hurt since she doesn't make bones.


  When he looks up after cooing at her for being so good he sees Peter watching them with a soft and fond smile that makes his heart speed up and for him to laugh lightly out of nerves. Its like he was fifteen all over again.


  “Say once you are given the go to, what do you think of my cooking lessons?” Right, he insisted on that.


  “I still think its unnecessary for me to learn how to bake. I have a staff-” He gives him a look.


  “Wouldn't you want to make some chocolate cake whenever you want to? Also it comes in handy” He is unsure but ends up relenting, it was his reward after all.


  When they are gone Elias picks up the needles and yarn and keeps going with the scarf. He thinks about a sweater too. Originally he wanted to get him a cat, but considering how he has Opal and Pasha to look for, another creature that is less sentient will be far too much work.


  So he works on the scarf and sweater for his birthday gift.


  He will need to get more… but he is sure he can ask it to be delivered, he really did learn his lesson. Elias should stay at the castle, going out… only brings him trouble in the end. So with a hum and another loop he relaxes.

 

  At night he wakes up to the sound of knocking, without any conscious thought anymore he lifts his arm and knocks back, before going back to sleep with a smile.


  Peter does care…

 

  The man avoids Tim being indecisive about if he should tell him about Pasha. Elias is sure he has to, he won't take to lying well, but on the other hand… he would rather have the small gooppy creature be safe.


  So he ushers Peter to talk with him while he babysits the changeling.


  Elias is still feeling rather conflicted about Timothy, which is both understandable and also annoying. He doesn't want to be like this and ruin even more things-


  “Lie?” Elias sighs, she knows how to say his name, but Pasha has decided to use nicknames. So now he is Lie or Eye, whenever she is feeling cheeky.


  He tells her to focus on copying the doll. Her shape bubbles up and it tries to imitate the small porcelain doll, when she takes the general shape, she melts down again and starts to whine.


  “Hurts! Hard! I can't! Pasha is uselesssss” Her hiss is distorted too and he scoops her up between his hands.


  “You are young i'm sure-”


  “No!! Pasha could change before, but the weird human stabbed Pasha and she lost memories and it hurts now- i don't want to be bad, i don't want to be hurt-!!” Little twig-like arms hold his hands and he pulls her close.


  “You are scared” She shivers.


  “Pasha is a changeling, we are not scared! We are big and strong and we eat- and and-!” He presses her and softly speaks to her.


  “But you got hurt. 
  
    You were hurt
  
  , and that is scary. Do you want to know a secret? I'm scared too” Her white eyes open up.


  “But but but, little king is big and smart” Chuckling he shakes his head.


  “It doesn't mean i can't be. I… am scared of a lot of things, I have been hurt lately a lot too and its very, very scary to me now. So it's ok if you are, Peter is trying to look after you and so am i. So we will keep you safe, we just want you to be able to change so you can hide better or come along with us, we won't hurt you” He sees her do the equivalent of a nod.


  “Im.. Pasha was hurt and alone- and the forest is always filled with siblings! But they didn't want me after I tried to help Sasha. Said i was 
  
    wrong-” 
  
  He shushes her and lets her slide between his hands over and over. That particular feeling resonated with him in several ways that made him uncomfortable. 


  The fact that the small- hell- the child-like creature was feeling like that when she had been trying her best, was enough to fill him with anger.


  He hated the forest of wonders.


  “You aren't, shhh, you arent wrong, you are different, everyone is! Maybe that helps you, maybe its a secret power you can use later. But the point stands you are perfect like this Pasha dear. We will make sure you are ok”


  “.. Is it a promise? Promise cant break!!” Still a fae it seems, but… this was innocuous enough to let him nod.


  “I promise me and Peter will look after you” She lets out a sniffle and wraps herself around his arm up until his elbow. He tickles her a little bit.


  “Rest is over now, let's see if you can turn into the dolly now” She huffs but slides to the table and starts to slowly shapeshift into an exact replica of the doll. Or almost.


  He sees there is a crack on it, that when he looks closer he realizes its a gash on her forehead all the way to her cheek. He brushes a finger, it does feel like porcelain, but its also… alive, almost flesh like. It was quite honestly surprising and he wanted to ask so many questions, he was burning in curiosity.


  Changelings were often very vicious when discovered so this was an opportunity.


  “What's that princess?” Her cheeks turn bluish and she plays with her hands like Peter does when he is nervous, it makes him smile.


  “Hurt, remember? Funny haired man stabbed Pasha right as she was returning memories” He frowns.


  “The wound didn't heal?”


  “Iron gives scars, L-Eye-As” He nods.


  “I'm sorry about that, you were trying to help” She nods very excitedly and her shape shifts a little.


  “Mm, must practice your concentration little one. Ok how about you try to turn into-” So they practiced almost all afternoon, when night started to come around and Peter did not return he started to check the castle for him. Did Tim do something? Is he alright-


  Eventually he sees him talking with Helen who has an apologetic face and pats his shoulders. So things must have gone poorly then.


  “Lie, Lie!! I’m hungy!!!”


  “Its hungry, the food will arrive soon, i even asked for extra meat for you” She hollers and he hears little clicks on the floor as she walks around with her doll form twirling around and relearning how to stand on two legs. When her shape becomes more loopy he picks her up and puts her under the covers to snuggle while they wait for the food and Peter.


  Both things funnily enough arrived at the same time.


  He raises an eyebrow.


  “Ugh, the staff keeps doing this, what is wrong with them?” Elias has the general idea that they are misinterpreting the relationship with Peter, but cant say it outright.


  “Many things, now tell us what happened” Pasha pokes out her… head? Once he puts a plate next to her she creates a mouth that is practically half of her body mass and swallows the food whole. 


  “It went as well as it could, he was pissed off, but I tried to tell him that Pasha didn't try to hurt her friend and that after she worked hard to try and return the memories. But unfortunately the woman made new friends and hurt her” Peter looks upset and he plays with the food on the plate while sitting next to him on his bed, Elias nods and steals food from him, making the man sigh and do the same. Pasha devours her food in the back.


  “And? What did he say? Does he want to interrogate her?” The sailor nods.


  “But i'm afraid he won't believe her anyways, probably thinking she is lying” He frowns.


  “She isn't, i checked, Pasha did try to help-” He corrects himself “
  
    Is trying to help
  
  ”


  “I know i just want him to believe it too” He eats, will he believe him if he confirms that she is saying the truth? Or will he think he is still under the influence of outside magic, that he and Peter both are.


  How to prove to him that she is not dangerous.


  “..Lie, lie, I'm sorry, Timmy is nice, Pasha made him mad. Peter, foggy- Pasha caused such a worry” She bubbles and then lays flat on the bed “Timmy talk Pasha, she hurt Sasha, will get what she deserves” His eyes widen and before he manages to grab her Peter beats him to it and presses her against his chest.


  “Now, now don't be hasty, we will talk with him so you can meet! Once he sees how nice you are it will be fine. But first we need to make sure he is not mad, when people are angry they do or say things they don't mean!” She whines and curls up around his arms, so Elias puts his things next to him and leans against Peter’s side to see her better, the man stiffens momentarily but relaxes and leans against him. Elias has to beg his heart to stop acting up so much.


  Still he touches her with his hand and draws shapes on her until she starts to sort of purr.


  “Nice, nice, Lias is nice, Peter is kind. Pasha feels liked” Lots of tiny eyes and smiles appear and they both chuckle at her antics.


  “Its ok, we will help and maybe you and Tim can team up to help Miss James” Peter nods and sways her softly.


  “Yes! Maybe you both can think of something and help her” Pasha yawns and tries to wiggle out, but its futile, eventually she falls asleep not before thanking them.


  “Pasha happy… thank you”


  It serves to make him feel warm all over, the odd creature is just so… happy and nice. He wants to help her succeed. He sees Peter smile at her and Elias figures he must feel similarly. That also makes him realize that they are still leaning against each other, so with a lot of reluctance he returns back to his food. 


  Eventually they talk some more about what to do, but even then they really don't go anywhere.


  Still, he had to stop himself from asking him to stay and sleep there when the taller man said that he should head back and put Pasha to bed. Biting his lip and wishing him good night, Peter hesitates a little bit before going and he feels his chest aflame, will he..?


  But as it is, he just wishes him a good night as well and goes.


  The room feels slightly colder while on his own and it's not due to the weather.

 

  Next morning he is woken up by Peter crashing to his door in a panic, startling him like never before.


  “What the fuck-!”


  “She is gone!! Pasha left. I looked for her in my room but she is gone-! Ack Sorry, sorry!!” He started to throw him pillows. 


  “Out! Out! Let me change and think! Also HOW DID YOU LOSE HER??!”


  “I DONT KNOW!!”

 

  After he changes and they calm down a little bit, they walk around the castle nervously trying to call for her. 


  Peter keeps him close. Elias should tell him that he is well enough to walk on his own, but he wont pass up the chance to have him this close.


  Still he is worried.


  “Pasha-! Pasha?? Pss pss pss where are you?”


  “She is not a cat Peter” He rolls his eyes and keeps his hand on his lower back pushing him forward.


  “What do you suggest?? You can't see her see her, her magic stops you” He bites back the retort, he is right, it was only because she let him that he saw her memories. Changelings are tricky.


  The only three magics that can stop his, those of changelings, the fog and the magic of darkness, reason why Maxwell annoys him.


  The fog infected him and then he got taken by the rot. The combination was ideal for Jane… He shudders and Peter moves closer; he yearns for this to continue. Albeit plus a small goop like creature who seems keen to leave like her human.


  Elias has to stop the man and admit what he had been thinking.


  “She must have gone to look for Tim, you heard her she felt bad-” The man shakes his head.


  “But we told her we would take care of it, there is no need for her to go-!” He nods and sighs, he… gets her.


  “Guilt makes you do things even if you know its not right” Peter's hand freezes on his back and he steps forward lightly. He doesn't want to talk about it.


  “Cmon, i think i know where he could be”


  The beach of course.


  He sees him sitting down on the dock, Opal is looking at him while the man makes exaggerated motions with his arms.


  They walk faster.


  “Tim?”


  “Mr. Stoker!” The man turns around and they see Pasha being squeezed on his hand. Elias almost tries to run, but Peter stops him.


  “Pasha! What did we say about leaving?!” She wiggles between his fingers and drips to the wood of the dock.


  “Yes, but Pasha bad! Pasha hurt Sasha and made Timmy sad!!! Timmy deserved better…. that's what Sasha would do!” They reach them and Peter quickly goes down to grab her and give her back to him. Elias holds her close and looks to Tim, who has a puzzling expression on his face.


  Still he scolds her.


  “I get it, but you have to let us talk first, i promised to help right? Will you go back on your word and not let me?” She bubbles up and sees her make and exclamation point.


  “Pasha- Pasha didn't think- Eye is mad, foggy too Pasha always does everything wrong-” She sniffs and suddenly starts to wail and leak blue glowy tears. 


  “I'm- sssowwwyy” He looks at Peter startled and not knowing what to do, so the man comes closer with his own face of bafflement and starts to try and calm her down. Elias cradles her and tries to shush her, while the man says they aren't mad, just worried.


  “You are ok, shh it's ok, it will all be fine. We found you”


  “Yes we did, Pasha didn't cry. Cmon, here hold my hand? You said it makes you happy!” Peter offers his hand and she reaches out and grabs it, then stretches and holds his too. 


  “There you go, better princess?” Her sniffs start to die out and she grabs them tighter.


  “This is oddly wholesome guys, but we were talking” His head snaps up and he sees Tim looking at them with a barely repressed smile. He was standing now and was approaching them slowly. He pulls Pasha closer and glares.


  He raises his arms.


  “It's- I'm not going to hurt her, I swear. We were talking about Sasha, I believe her, mind you. She is just… she is a kid” His face is uncomfortable as if he couldn't wrap around his head the fact that those who hurt him so badly could have anything resembling kindness.


  Elias… understands, he honestly did not put much thought into fae beyond what they could offer, but after this whole time with Peter and the fairies from the forest, this week with Pasha! He… knows that it was limited, that he had been limited.


  “Yeah… she is” Elias takes a breath and lets him come closer, small steps. The man offers the changeling his finger and she latches weakly against him.


  “Mm sorry Timmy- im sorry i just wanted- i tried too hard- and and i was alone and no one wanted Pasha and Sasha was gone with the ones that hurt me- Im-!”


  “Its… ok buddy. I get it. I'm glad to know she is out of the forest and has part of her memories then. At least that means she is not defenseless. Albeit from what you said Sash already made friends, i should not have doubted her” He pokes her and she giggles.


  “Timmyyyy” He sees him smile sadly.


  “Yeah… So cheer up bud, you got ddd-friends now” He slips up and Elias raises an eyebrow making the man cough to the side.


  “Anyways i was going to take her back no need to fret” Elias huffs but Peter pats his back a little and smiles at the man. Elias shivers and looks mesmerized at the empty little look he gives Timothy who actually steps back when he tilts his head. Elias grins and feels his cheeks burn, he looks so good like that.


  “I sure do hope you were! Little creacher here is not bad as i told you, in fact it would be of utmost importance that she was fine. We are… how did you say-? Friends? And friends don't harm their charges” Tim nods quickly.


  “Yes, yes, i was- of course i was going to return her, i didn't believe you at first but seriously, its hard not to when she can barely grow bigger than my arm. Plus, she is… well she is actually nice. And i talked with Helen… and well i get that things are not as i thought before. Not as black and white as i imagined to be honest” Elias tries to make his smile less vindictive before answering.


  “I get it. I realized too that not everything is as I thought when it came to them, thanks to this one over here” He points to Peter by moving his head in his direction. And then pokes Pasha too, making him speak more softly.


  “And this one of course”


  “Lie, Lie, you are so nice-”


  “And you should warn us if you are going out, but let it be a learning curve dear” 


  Tim looks between the three of them once he steps back from Pasha and gives them a somewhat knowing look that makes him grind his teeth.


  “So… i'm going back inside, i need to work your majesty, also check some new books and write some more. Pasha… i can babysit her for you two if you want to be alone from time to time” He was about to refute on principle, but then realized that it could come in handy having someone besides Helen to look after her.


  “Yes. That actually would be… very nice of you” Peter gives him a grin and he sighs “Oh shut up. Yes, Tim you can babysit for us, just make sure no harm comes to her or you will be hanged”


  “Oh man, that's funny hahaha” He gives him a look “Please tell me its a joke?” Elias starts to grin.


  “Uhhhhhh im going- going to work, bye guys… Pasha talk to you later buddy”


  “Bye bye Timmy!!”

 

  So its the three of them and Opal. He moves towards her and gives the changeling to Peter so he can pet the sea serpent. Its been so long since he visited between his spiraling and rest. She moves around and boops her head against him.


  “Sorry I didn't come, I was busy resting since I got hurt. Who is a good girl? You are” She lets chirps of joy and rubs her snout against him.


  “Babi-”


  “Its baby, meet Opal '' Peter puts the goopy creature close and Opal sniffs her making her stick herself to Peter startling the Serpent into sneezing. That seems to make both creatures amused and they start to let out thrills and chirps.


  “Can they- can they understand each other?”


  “I don't think so, different species and all that” Peter sits and helps him too so they let both of the creatures move around close to them.


  “So it went better than expected?”


  “Appears so”


  “Pash? Did Tim hurt you?”


  “No, no, he was mad and squished me, but then i started to laugh cause it was tickling me and he sort of floundered. Then i told him what happened and we talkeeed”


  …


  Well, that did go well then.


  
  


  Later they let her play on the beach to her heart's content and afterwards the gardens so she could roll around the falling leaves. She picks a few and gives it to them and then tries to mimic a few bugs and pixies that come to see them. They are put off by her at first, but when she tries to play around, they come around too and flutter around her throwing pixie dust to make her float a little bit.


  Elias laughs and keeps an eye on her while Peter talks with him about the staff.

 

  Finally they go back with her in Peter's pocket now completely tired.


  He decides he wants to eat at a table so he asks the man to come and he agrees, they give some meat and fruit to Pasha who curls up and sleeps.


  The maids all wish him well, the guards do it too, making him confused but feeling rather touched nonetheless.


  Even if its because they are safer with him in charge it doesn't mean he doesnt feel nice by the attention.


  
  


  He starts to go out of his room and walk around, ends up in his tower and writes a few letters for the contractors to close off the tunnels.


  Not worth it, honestly whoever is there can rot like the worms or die from lack of food.


  His ring… he checks it again feeling resigned. It glows a little bit more steadily, the prince its getting slowly but surely closer. He grabs his head.


  What did Simon say? Pay him off or kill him?


  At this rate that's his best shot, if he refuses to leave, he will have to kill him. But making sure no one knows its him.


  Maybe an artefact from Salesa? Maybe use his bracelet to change the body? For now there is time.

 

  He tells Peter he sent the letters to close it for real in their walk during the night.


  Helen was playing with Pasha saying that she was a delight and to count on aunty to babysit for them before winking and taking their little fea with her. He was tempted to refute her and take her with, but he needed to speak with the man without interruption.


  “Are you… are you sure? You mapped a lot but not all of it, maybe this time if i go-”


  “No. No i dont- i dont want it anymore, i just want it gone and out of sight” He sees him make an affronted face.


  “Elias i would really not mind if-”


  “Peter, just drop it, the tunnels will be closed and that's all”


  “Fine!” He sounds annoyed and upset and it makes him also get annoyed.


  “Why does it matter!? I just want it gone, we can still plan alternatives, but that one i just wish it away! Its stupid” He sees him stop and take a breath, there is fog on the floor now and he shivers. 


  NOONEWANTSYOUNOONEWANTSYOU


  His lip wobbles.


  “Because i wanted to help you! Because you went alone and got hurt- Because i- im mad that you went on your own and lied to my face. I'm upset about a lot of things, but i don't want to. You actually got the worst of it but I can't help myself!” Elias still shivering shakes his head.


  “I just want to put it out of my mind Peter. I'm sorry, for everything, I know I ruined it all with my own-” Jealousy say it! “With my insecurities, but i can't change it now” He looks elsewhere and he feels tired all of a sudden.


  “I know” Elias walks back to his room too exhausted now to keep going. Peter follows him and asks if he can come in. He ponders rejecting him, but relents.


  “I… i was the one who actually cleaned up the place first” He blinks and he fumbles.


  “You left notes everywhere and I figured that while they treated you, you would hate the staff to see them. So i picked them up and put them somewhere else” He takes a breath.


  “You were correct… thank you” Peter sits next to him.


  “You are welcome” They stay quiet and he is unsure how to proceed, what to do to change the mood, then suddenly he had an idea.


  “Do you to start teaching me how to bake tomorrow?” He startles him and it takes him a little bit to asnwer back.


  “I… yes, actually yes! Thats would be good!” Elias smiles but looks down. Really the worst…


  “Im sorry, i know i said it before but i meant it Peter i am sorry” Its quiet, but a had is placed on top of his.


  “Me too. I… knew you were lonely, my magic sort of tells me, but i thought- i thought it was the usual, but then i thought it was me, making you worse and i didnt- i wasnt-!” His grip goes tighter.


  Elias sighs and feels like he has been trapped between a sword and a wall, but in this case…


  He chose to let the sword cut him a little bit. 


  Turning around he does for the man as he did for him and hugs him, hoping that it wasnt going to blow on his face. Peter stiffens but suddenly goes lax against him practically engulfing him. He puts his face in the crook of his neck and rubs his back a little bit.


  “Im not mad at you, or anyone, its just… im mad at myself for being so stupid and getting blindsided, we arent good people i think, albeit you seem to be better than me-” Peter lets out a huff and hugs him back too.


  “But what im trying to say, is that perhaps we can try? To help the other, thats- thats what friends are for right?” Its quiet and he only hears the man breathing, Elias is a liar, of that Pasha is not wrong. He just wishes this one time he could lie to himself better than this.


  They stay like that for a little bit longer and honestly? He was starting to get sleepy when Peter moved and answered him.


  “Yes we can, thats… we can make it work” He hesitates but slowly peels himself away. The man has an odd expression, that he quickly changes into amusement.


  “You look like a sleepy cat Elias” He flushes and punches his arm.


  “Shut up its late” He grins and laughs at his attempted attack.


  “Yes, yes it is, should go to sleep too” Stay, he wants to say. Instead-


  “Yeah, good night then, knock on my wall if you need me” Peter nods and slowly gets up, its actually interesting to see him buy time, before actually leaving.


  Elias sighs and changes for bed.

 

  He hears a noise during the night and he hits the wall lightly, maybe if he slept here he wouldn't have to knock, he would just need to roll around and see him.


  
  


  The next day after lunch, Peter takes him to the kitchen and tries to show him to make a simple cake.


  Needless to say they both end up dirty again with flour, but this time at least he manages to cook.


  Its rather messy, but for a first try its not so bad. He even got Peter to stand behind him to reach for the ingredients on the shelf since he was too short to reach them. The feeling of him pressing himself against his back almost makes him let out an embarrassed noise.


  God he wonders-


  Nope!!! Nope, not the time, not the place, it's not going to happen!!


  Stupid crush ughhhhhh.


  The food tastes… actually good! He did fairly well honestly. He offers some to Pasha later when they go to pick her up from Helen. She looked like the porcelain doll again, albeit a little bit taller.


  “Do you want some? I made it!”


  “Food? cake! L-Eye-as likes cake? Made cake! Pasha wants!” He thought she was going to use the mouth of the doll, but instead she made a mouth on the middle of the body and took a chunk of it. He blinks, but laughs nervously and pats her head.


  “GOOD TASTE GOOD??? CAKE CHOCOLATE!!! MORE” 


  “Oh god” He can see Peter curse under his breath and he grins.


  “Yes dear chocolate is good”


  “Aww look at you three being so-” Peter coughs and closes Helens door. He blinks.


  “What-”


  “NEVERMIND”


  Once Pasha finishes he grabs a handkerchief and cleans all the crumbs while she whines.


  “No, we will clean you up, do not blegh at me”


  “She is not that dirty to begin wi-” The sour look he gives his companion shuts him up.


  “Lets go, in fact…” He smells her a little and furrows his nose.


  “You may need to take a bath, you smell like dirt and salt”


  “Nooooo. Foggy one tell him no, Pasha is clean-!” He picks her up and offers her to the man.


  “Mm, you do smell”


  “Traitorr”


  “Oh what is taht? Does Pasha want to be smelly-elly?”


  “Ngh no im Pashay not Elly”


  “Would Sasha stay dirty?” She pouts with her tiny porcellain face.


  “No….”


  “Then?”


  “...”


  “Lets go, after you can have one more slice”


  “Promise?” She looks up and he nods.


  “I swear princess” 


  “Bath, bath, im getting a bath”

 

  The bath? It was a struggle that ended up with him and Peter, whom he had to call to help him manage her, half soaked. His white shirt was stuck to his body, but the changeling now smelled clean and was chilling in a towel while they were grumbling.


  Elias, done with the feeling of being wet and cold, takes off the shirt and throws it to be washed later, leaving him shirtless. He turns when he hears something similar to a whistle and a chirp. Peter is turned around trying to dry himself, so he assumes it must be Pasha. He does not see the pink ears of the man who was trying his best to keep himself from making any other noise.


  “Its wet Peter just take it off and pick one from your room”


  “Im- i will go there and change, its for the best” He narrows his eyes and sees him drip to the floor and up again, making him squirm.


  “Yes… and get the entire floor wet, that is great dear, now c'mon take it off it's no like you have something i haven't seen before” Peter freezes momentarily, but does end up taking it, Elias takes his chance to mayhaps oggle a little bit when he notices the most glaring difference from the first time he saw him shirtless.


  The fog tattoos were now bigger and were almost reaching his shoulders.


  He stares.


  “Um-”


  “When did you have time to-?” Peter hesitantly moves, but sighs.


  “Its my magic… it manifests with this, they slowly grow bigger through time, i just.. dont like em much” Which… makes sense, magic does manifest weirdly depending on the person. Also considering how mixed up are his response to his own power, he surmises that it makes sense for him to be uncomfortable. Elias… bites his lip.


  “Well… it sort of suits you, gives you more of a… sailor look honestly, maybe if you added a few anchors or sea monsters-” He comes closer to inspect them since the first time he didn't have the chance, Peter steps back slightly but stays still when he grabs his arm and lightly brushes his fingers over it.


  “Yeah, a very sailor look….” So close, they are so close and Elias turns slightly pink, but smiles nonetheless up at him and realizes Peter is also staring back with an raw and open expression. He feels his heart start to beat like crazy-


  “iM DRY!” He stares and looks at their little terror who makes grabby motions so he turns and picks her up. 


  “Yes, yes. And you gave us a bath as well missy!” Peter twitches, but turns back to dry himself. Elias wants to run his hands all over his back and chest-


  Wonder if he could leave a few marks if they-


  “nOPE!”


  “Elias?” Pasha squirms and he walks out. He needs space and not to be in close quarters to a half naked Peter, it's frying his brain. He puts her down on the bed and goes to put on a shirt.


  Peter comes out drying his hair still shirtless and he is struggling to not say something inappropriate.


  “Anyways we should-”


  “NO!”


  “Pasha?” He turns around quickly to her.


  “Foggy one- nooo” She wails and when he tries to pick her up she launches herself at Peter who catches her.


  “Shhh” Her shape changes until she goes back to being a blob of darkness making tiny arms to hit his chest.


  “No, foggy, how dare, promised Pasha-!”


  “Shhh, its ok, it will be ok” 


  “Peter what is going on?” He shakes his head and smiles at him with something akin to wistfulness.


  “Don't worry, she is being stubborn. C'mon let me change ok? You made a mess out of me”


  “How- how! Im- i don't want to be alone-!!” His heart aches for her.


  “You won't! You have me, Elias, Helen and Tim. Shhh”


  “But, but-”


  “No buts, it will be fine, cmon” He takes her with, but hesitates before turning back towards him and leaning down to kiss his cheek. Elias is left frozen trying to process.


  “Thank you for trying to cheer me up about them Elias, it means a lot” His expression is awfully soft and a little bit sad.


  Then he goes out with Pasha sniffling and letting small no’s, while he is left thinking that he missed something quite big.


  
  


  EXTRA


  Tim thought that Peter’s crush was adorable albeit impossible.


  Of course the staff were of the opposite idea.


  The maids, cooks, some people from the court and guards all were in the firm belief that he and Elias ought to date. Perhaps marry, if the healers who kept giggling among themselves were to be trusted.


  If anyone asked them why, they would make funny smiles and say that they are adorable and that the king snores lightly.


  Then of course he hears the other side of it.


  Before Peter came with Elias, the man was impossible to gauge let alone connect with. Always alone or working. He was polite, but it was jarring to see him so… lonely. 


  They never saw him do anything that was just for fun. But ever since the sailor came to stay they have seen him laugh, be embarrassed, walk around the gardens and the beach. 


  Even leaving the castle!!


  Peter was good for him.


  Tim wasn't completely sold until the weeks before the worm incident. Then he had more inkling to it. For Peter it was obvious, he just didn't see it in Elias.


  Now?


  Now he sees the two of them just coddling and softly speaking to the changeling like their own child. Both looking like two affronted dads, worried sick about their daughter's whereabouts and trying to make her stop crying because they were worried not mad at her. 


  He sees Elias give Peter soft looks and the taller man does the same when the king is not paying attention.


  Tim feels like he is sort of intruding in a moment, it also makes him feel left out and…. somewhat lonely.


  He misses his brother and Sasha. He misses his family and partner in crime so badly it hurts. But-


  But he has hope now, Pasha gave him hope that Sash was fine and that maybe, just maybe he can get Danny back too. He talks with the men and feels… lighter and with more hope.


  Maybe things aren't as he always thought about, maybe… he shouldn’t try to be like Miss.Robinson and treat the supernatural in a black and white manner.


  He also owes money to Oliver, since he was right and Elias and Peter were sort of having something going on even if they didn't admit it. He will help the taller man to get his grumpy king, he swears. Peter has already helped him enough when it comes to the faeris and he went out of his way to tell him about Pasha even if he was worried about her.


  That's why with the rest of the staff he is sure they can all get both of them to finally declare their undying love and marry.


  No one cares about Peter being no one important. He just makes Elias happy and the castle has been better for it. 


  Tim nods to himself, he will help.


  After all, they have all the time in the world to make them admit it!

  
    Chapter Text
    Elias is unsure of what happened. Peter acted normal after they met up again, albeit Pasha was more sedated, almost grumpy he would say.Even if he poked her she would just laugh a little and then retreat into herself. It worried him and when he asked the man who seemed to have been the reason for her outburst, he just shaked his head and said that it was nothing, she was blowing something out of proportion and that she will calm down eventually.He was not so sure, but there was nothing else to do about it.Questioning her later on proved to be futile, she said that she promised Peter not to talk and that she keeps her promises no matter what.Such is the law of the fae….So he is left in square one.Asking his patron was as useless as always, it merely let him know that its nothing dangerous to him, the kingdom or the changeling.Ugh.Just great.So none of  Elias usual means to find information work, which sucks. It leaves him rather wrong footed.Still he tries to keep himself calm. Between all of that, time passes more quickly than he anticipates, soon he starts to receive the letters of all the needed items bought for the festival, he talks with the contractors to seal the tunnels-Gertrude is of course a thorn in his side about it, just like Peter, who apparently insists on perhaps going more and exploring together before closing it off. Elias declines both of their attempts at dissuading him. He hates those tunnels, they have brought nothing but misery to him.The only thing he got out of all of it was the realization that he had been right all along about staying in the castle and that leaving was a terrible idea. Only exception was Annabelle because he met Peter, but even still it's obvious that everytime he goes out something dreadful happens.So he will just… remain there and work with others to keep the kingdom and his position safe from a distance. Even if no one appreciates it-He has to shake his head, he is still… well he would like to say affected by the magic of the fog and the rot, but that would be a lie, Elias is just now aware of how little he means in the grand scheme of things of the people around.If he dies he would be replaced and no one would really mourn him beyond perhaps Pasha and Peter. He thinks Mariam would too, but she served the previous monarchs and she does not seem bothered about their loss, more of failing to find the prince. Eventually he would be just like that, forgotten by everyone, even Peter and Pasha will move on without hi-Elias chokes on air and grabs his desk with an iron grip.He has to stop that, he has to.But, it's hard not to succumb to his own spiraling thoughts. Elias is better than this, has always been better than this. He just wants it to be gone, all those memories, the knowing, but he is aware that goes against his patron, knowing it's what it likes and if he has to wallow it will let him wallow.So, slowly he un-clenches his jaw and releases his grip.Maybe some rest will be fine, he had been writing non stop, so getting up he goes down to try and see Peter. Instead he sees a door materialize from nowhere and he has to sigh. He ignores and keeps going, if Helen wants to play it's up to her.As if on cue, the door re-appears in front of him several times when he doesn't pay attention. Eventually it does open itself revealing the woman who is pouting at him.“How rude”“I'm not in the mood Helen, I have a headache and you are making it worse” Her smile widens.“I could help with that… if you want to take some tea with me!” Pursing his lips he shakes his head.“It is a very kind offer, but i'm afraid i just need some fresh air and rest”“Mmm, i would have thought you had enough “rest” as it is little king, as for fresh air, well it has been a while since you left the place!” He pauses and turns towards her again.“Excuse me?”“You heard me, it's been what? A few weeks now? You are always cooped out in the castle or only leave to the beach or garden!! How boring you turned out to be-” Rolling his eyes he snorts.“What I do with my time is of no concern to you. I'm quite happy and considering last time i left i got stabbed i would say some off time and precautions are quite necessary”“If you say so-!” Her smile is in place albeit her shape wavers like water in a pond.“I do, now if you excuse me!” More days pass that soon turn into weeks, he works, spends time with Peter, looks after Pasha and teaches her how to speak correctly so she doesn't miss words, works more, goes to visit Opal a few times, tells the staff to stop making dinners at candle light.Ignores Helen and Gertrude.Arranges things with his court and advisors so everything runs smoothly.Rosie asks him about Peter making him give her an unimpressed stare, and then one to the rest of the people who were trying to listen in.God nosy bastards.The constructors come along, two men that he is very aware are changelings of some sort, come and close it in. Both are odd, but at least they are quiet and won't snitch, considering he got their words for it and that is law.More binding than anything else in this world he supposes.He sees Getrude be annoyed through all of it and Peter act more subdued.Nevertheless.Elias… is visited by the farmers who he expected were going to ask about the crops and letting Jane run amok for so long without doing anything. He expected them to be angry.Not…Sorry.“We are so sorry your majesty, we knew something was off with her, but we didn't foresee-”“You helped us! And, and got hurt because of our insistence on cutting the trees leading to the forest” The couple seemed utterly dismayed and he was baffled.He checks in their heads if it was some sort of diversion, but they are honestly sorry and feel guilty about it.He purses his lips, most likely they don't want to be punished for their mistakes. Even still they were the most affected and did not really know that it was Jane who started it.True she did get infected when they cut the trees, but there was no way for them to know that.He sighs.“It is not your fault. But i do have to say to be more careful and leave the forest alone, we have plenty of space already. Leave the supernatural to its own and it wont bother you. I also owe an apology for taking too long to solve the issue” The shake their heads.“No, no its not-” Raising a hand he stops them.“Let's say this matter is already buried, the threat is gone and things can go back to normal now, but if you notice anything odd, do send someone to notify me ok?”The meeting goes well, but he is left feeling tired. The weather gets colder.There are practically no more leaves on the trees, Pasha jumps between the ones on the ground while he watches entertained. She looks like the doll, but again a little bit taller.Food and a space to borrow let her grow stronger.“Yes!! Look Lie- you can't find me!!!” She is hiding between the pile of leaves the gardeners haven't taken out yet.“Mm, where could Miss Pasha be? I can't see her” Clicking noises and giggles make him grin.“Could she be perhaps…. here!!” Moving another pile he hears her laugh louder.“Noooo” Elias, rolls his eyes and quickly he turns and catches her.“Or maybe here!!!”“Yes hahahah, Elias found Pasha!!!” He tickles her a little bit and lets her sit on his shoulder.“Yes, yes i did”“Gooood” Peter was out on the sea, he said he wanted to take a few days off. It made him sad, mostly because it was again due to the closing of the tunnels.They can't agree on it.And also… lately the man noticed too his lack of a wish to leave the terrains of the castle and he sees some guilt in him, that he does not like.It makes him snappy. It wasn't on him, Elias told him, its… him. He was the problem. Pasha hums and kicks her tiny legs playfully.At least he has company.“Say Lady Pasha, do you want to eat something sweet for the afternoon? I asked for some cake and apple pie” She chirps and nods waving her hands excitedly. He is in his tower with the changeling on her normal shape enjoying some cake, coffee for him and just milk with sugar for her.“Mm. Delicious”“Yes!! Pasha happy”“Pasha IS happy dear”“That, that”Its nice and quiet and he is more at ease with the little creature than he is with most people, she doesn't want much from him and… he honestly finds her antics adorable.“Like the apple thingy, is deliciouuuus” He nods, he realized that is the same flavour as the one he bought in town, so maybe they have a deal with the bakery there.“Yes, I do think they got it from town” She turns around to him and 5 pair of eyes blink.“Town?” He nods.“Yes, there is a bakery there, its the same taste” She goes liquid and then reshapes again, sliding towards him.“Can we go? Pasha wants to see!! Pasha remembers Sasha being in towns, but has never gone herself, people big and scary” Elias pauses mid bite and frowns.“Maybe you can ask Peter once he comes back dear, i have lots of work” She lets out a sad noise but goes back to munch on her food.Elias… doesn't want to go back. Too dangerous, what if someone tries to get him again?He remembers going to the cafe during that week, recalls feeling like shit.What about the church? He recalls being with Peter there fondly, but now even that is tainted by the memory of talking with Jane there every time.Elias has ruined everything,there is nothing left that can bring him comfort there, he just-Pasha’s tine hands hold his own, when he realises that he is shaking and his cup is almost spilling on him, he feels the small droplets of hot coffee fall into them, the pain sort of snaps him out of it.He feels itchy.“Is Elias ok?” He-He laughs.“No, i- yes. Im fine, just… thought something upsetting”“.... Pasha sometimes thinks of the man who stabbed Pasha. She is happy with Peter and Eye- but sometimes she gets scared that you will hurt her too” And that-That feels like a punch to the face.“We wouldnt-” “I know  , but Pasha is scared, its… its like Lie told Pasha,  I was hurt- it's ok to be scared, Elias is scared too and he is big… Pasha tries to change, even if it's scary and hurts. Wants to feel good and happy and not bad anymore, little king. If you were hurt its ok!! Pasha was hurt too and- and i will keep you company so we arent scared or alone! Will protect king if he protects Pasha! Promise” And in act that he swears he did not feel like tearing up she makes a tiny hand and offers her pinky like a child making a promise.“Who taught you-”“Sasha made promises to Tim like this” Of course… He swallows down hard and has to blink away a few tears.“I promise” Elias offers his pinky too and she cheers. It takes him two days, but eventually he relents.“Do you want to go with me to the town?” She cheers.“I will probably be a little bit… worried, but if you keep me company-” The blob nods.“Yes! Pasha will!!! Pasha has practiced and is strong enough now!!!” He was about to ask when she started to shift, at first he thought she was going for the doll but taller again.To his surprise she actually turns into a child, well a toddler, could not be more than 3. She looks-Off in several ways, sharp teeth, eyes too bright and with slit pupils, a scar running down her forehead to her cheek.When he touches her skin it feels almost like rubber.Not a real child, not by a long shot. Even the clothes she made were a mismatch too.Her face was of course that of Sasha James as she would have been at this age.Elias frowns, but it could work. He only needs a better fitted dress and perhaps some gloves to hide out the small clawed ends of her hands.He sees a tail swish around too.…He can still work with that too. So he gets her clothes and he picks up his bracelet and they go.She was fascinated by it.“Its magic like mine!!! Face was stolen by someone else” The idea that this was the face of someone who did not take the thing off in time and got stuck with another was somewhat strange, but he can ignore it for his own sake.He holds Pasha’s hand all the way to the town and once there he feels his breath catch-What if they know- what if they know?- What if there is another danger there waiting for him-!The child squeezes his hand and asks in a whiny voice where is the cake shop. Its enough to take him out of his panic and slowly walk there.She gave her a scarf that is slightly too big on her and a hat to hide the pointed ears too. All in all Pasha looks like a bundle of clothes and it's honestly adorable.Her pupils go round at seeing the cafe, he breathes out once he is in. Going to the back he sits her first and takes off most of the clothes, except the ones meant to hide the most unnatural aspects.“Remember to use the mouth on your face to eat in public, no opening up your chest here ok? People will freak out”“I know, I know! Cake- cake!!!” He sighs as she hits the table softly.When he sees the waitress, July he calls her over, she seems surprised, even somewhat happy to see him, which was weird, considering how he was acting the last few times, he reckons it makes sense. Even in a disguise he looked like a paranoid mess.“Two slices of-”“Cake!!!” He rolls his eyes.“Apple pie, one coffee black and one milk with sugar”“Yes, apple, apple!!!” July laughs lightly and nods.“Of course sweetheart” Once gone he tells her to behave.“I am- Pasha is good!!” He ruffled her hair, it's like touching wool somehow but its comforting nonetheless. Their orders come and they eat in peace, their table is the one with the ship in a bottle. Pasha keeps looking at it and poking it asking how it got there. He explains its a model and you build it with a lot of care.“Ohhhh, do you think foggy one would like to do one?” That's, he thinks he saw him buy a few ones before.“I think he would, why? Do you want to give him one?” She squirms.“He talks about you going out for- for his birthday a lot!! And- and i wanted to give him something? That's how it works!!” Elias is momentarily stunned by the idea of Peter nervously rambling to the changeling about him and his birthday plans. It's enough to make him smile and laugh. His body relaxes even further.How delightfully surprising.“We can get him one so you may give it as his present”“!!! Yaaays” Her smile is full of teeth and her eyes shift colors twice, but Elias is elated. Once they are done, July comes around to get paid and says he has a very cute daughter. He manages to catch himself before saying anything biting. It makes sense for ehr to assume.“Yes… she's lovely indeed”“Can- can we go!! Want present for- for other dad” That actually makes him breath out in surprise.“Aww. Here is your change sir, have a good day. Bye sweetie”“Bye foggy lady!!!!”Before he can question it she grabs his hand and pulls him away, he doesn't see the surprised face of the woman.“Lets go-!!”“Pasha slower, slower you don't even know where it is-” Tired he picks her up in his arms and leads them on.“What was that about calling Peter dad?”“Mm? Easier to trick humans if they think we are family!! She said I was daughter, so you are dad and Peter can be another dad!!” She lets out a bunch of clicking noises and rests her head on him.Huh-Nope!NoEias focuse on her weight against him to not let his mind wander into a panic or into stupid and impossible fantasies.Truly he feels fifteen again and writing his last name attached to-That's another bad line of thought- Ugh- They buy the present, he takes a chance to get more yarn and get more books. Through all of his panics Pasha stays or distracts him and when she starts to become overwhelmed by the amount of people he takes her somewhere less crowded and they both rest a little bit.By then she was starting to get sleepy and her shape was becoming less stable so he wraps her up very well, picks her up and starts to go back.All in all… it wasn't so bad.Not while he had her. By the time they reach the castle she was asleep on his back so he sneaks out to his room to drop her off and put what he bought away.Tucking her in he starts to put his books back in place, when Tim, Peter and apparently Helen burst in. He hears Pasha whine.He grabs the book he had on his hand and throws it to their heads. Apologies and making the changeling sleep again end up with an explanation.“I came back and you were gone…” Peter looks sheepish.“And i wanted to see if Pasha wanted to tag along with me today-”“So you both saw us gone and assumed what? That we run off? Got kidnapped?? What about Helen??!”“Oh i just wanted to see where this was going, plus moral support is always good” Elias pinches the bridge of his nose.“She wanted to eat at the cafe in town, so I took her along, then we went to see some shops!! I'm an adult. I can leave if i want” Peter has the most guilty expression.“Its just… you have been cooped out here and when i asked you refused. Plus last time-”“Yes. Yes i know, I'm aware, trust me i'm acutely aware, but it was fine, we- we kept each other company and it was perfect. Now all of you out- out of my room!”
  
  
God what a bunch of stubborn idiot-
  
  
Peter is now annoying, he refuses him to go to town and instead takes Pasha for snacks with him.She is happy at first, and the more they go he talks about the place and explains stuff to her. But he notices she and Peter act odd with each other and he ends up asking once alone.“...Oh, well. He is all sad…. and its cause Pasha is stealing little- is stealing Eye. Eye doesn't want to spend time with him and its all-”“No- god no, its not you. Im-” And it is him being stubborn in reality.“I will talk with him ok?” She nods and eats quietly. “So, stop ignoring your adopted changeling daughter,” Peter chokes.Elias stares him down.Here is the thing, he knows that technically its Peter who is Pasha’s guardian, he just… likes to spend time with her. Elias is just looking after her as his friend, but the man was being nonsensical about this and it had to stop.“She isn't-” His face is priceless, but he comes closer and grabs his face to make him look at him and nail the point across.Peter stiffens and leans into it, making him twitch and want to pull him to his mouth-No.Focus.“You told me you adopted her, correct?” He nods.“Therefore she is your charge, your.. kid or responsibility in a way. Now i will help you look after her, we are friends after all, but you can't be mad about it-” He sees him make a strange face when he says that, but he ignores it. He brought her in, so she is his responsibility.“I'm not mad about her going out with you-” He narrows his eyes.“Im… bothered by you ignoring me to go alone with her… I have been trying to get you out for the past month and a half. Yet you refuse me- Did- did i do something wrong? Is it about Jane? I just….” And Elias' face softens and he bites his lip in worry. It's honestly not… its him the problem- its“Its not you im just being stupid. Im… upset about going out, feels like every time i do something tries to kill me. Pasha… helps. Its not that i don't want to, but i think of that week and remember going to town meeting Jane-! And, its- we talked in the old church and now I can only think of her there or in town and its awful and I don't want to mix it up with the time we went out-” Slowly Peter holds his wrists and pulls them down.He sighs but holds onto them. Elias' face is red with shame.He is so  stupid-“Im- i don't know what to say to help? But if you wish to go on your own then… do it, i can't force you otherwise, but know that i wouldn't mind going with. The reason why I insist on the tunnels… is because it bothers me that you decided to leave me behind-” He sounds strange at that.“Its not nice knowing that someone left you on purpose and have no idea why. Its rather… lonely and hurts '' His face looks pained and he wonders again what happened to him before meeting, but its… Unimportant. Elias is happy to have him now.“Im sorry, I didn't meant for it, its just… well i told you i got mad about you going with Tim, which is irrational-”“Just like me getting mad about you leaving with Pasha? I believe we are both being irrational” Yes, but in your case its not because you love me, you are just worried about me as friends. That is what he wants to say.Instead.“Let's say we are both idiots?” He smiles cheerfully and nods.“One more than the other?” He kicks his leg and Peter laughs.Elias joined in and… pressed his forehead to his chest. The man pats his back.“There there”“Peter?”“Mm? “Do you… do you want to go next week to town? We can eat at the cafe with Pasha, its where they make that apple cake you like, or even the one we went before, Mariam is back” He hears him let out a breath and he squeezes his shoulder.“I would love to”He hides his smile and blush.Likewise Peter does too without his notice“Maybe we can go to visit the faes too, they say hi by the way i went to see them”“Nice… maybe we can, just… let's not go to the farms please” He laughs.“I swear. Now!” He steps back and sees him grin.“What do you think about joining me and Helen and pranking some guards?” He was about to refuse on the principle that it was very childish for someone in his position.But then he remembers that there are a few of them that he finds annoying and decides to go for it.“Sure, let's get Tim to babysit and we can go”“Perfect!”They walk to look for the man and when they pass a window he stops and makes Peter look, he thinks of the list of things he saw in his room.“Look!” The man turns and he sees a snowflakes start to fall “Its snowing, it's pretty isn't it?” Elias looks to the window, he hates the cold but he can appreciate the look of snow falling.“Yeah….” He does not see Peter giving him a side look with a small and soft smile, before going back to stare at the window.“it really is beautiful... Elias”
  
    Chapter Text
    The next few days were relaxing. Sort of, the stupid ring was shining more steadily and it was making him lose it little by little. They were also getting closer to the date of the festival, only one month away. So things were moving a lot around the town.Elias was busy helping with the latest preparations while Peter likewise went to do his own thing in between helping along or just looking after Pasha. He also got a letter from Simon, saying that soon he would send a ship to start their business. He also implied how bored he was, since apparently Titania did not return yet, her friend was still taking the news of her child being gone very badly and it was making her stay to look after her, not wanting to leave her alone in such a state.Its a tricky business, he asks again if there is anything he can do to help on his answering letter and lets him know that he would be waiting for him. With that he informs Peter who sighs but helps him plan out trading routes and how to handle the whole thing.It was quite the stark difference, seeing him speak about it. He… clearly knew what he was saying and it was obvious, when he used a wrong term he lightly corrected him and kept going.It sort of set something aflame on his gut.Peter was handsome, funny and also a bastard who was smart.His cheeks burn and he lightly brushes their hands while pointing something on the map.Truly this crush is getting out of hand. Pasha follows him around too when she is not with Helen, Peter or Tim. He keeps her hidden most of the time from the staff and lets her do her own thing when they are alone. She has taken to the doll shape more often than not, albeit she does try to use the child one too.However after Tim saw her accidentally once, she has been rather put off from using it in the castle.“Pasha sorry…” She is sitting on his desk as a doll.“I know, i know, i will tell him off later dear” She shakes her  head and grabs his fingers with her tiny hands.“No, no, MY fault, Pasha doesn't know how to change too well and its easy to be Sasha. It hurts him” His lips go into a straight line.“Maybe, but he knows you aren't doing it to upset him, so i will speak with him little one” She nods and shifts into her more goopy shape. Then she nests herself on the crook of his neck and watches while he works. “Ring is shiny…. and magicky” He snorts.“It is, its… going to help me with something- No- NO, Pasha bad!” She opened her mouth and was trying to  eat the bloody ring. Scooping her up with his other hand he pulls her away.“What is up with you?” She squirms in place.“HUngy-!”“I can get you foor, why the ring??” She whines and tries to reach it.“Its yummy and- and cool”“I know it looks well but it was a gift from Peter!” That makes her bubble up.“Yes, yummy, full of magic and- and feelings and its old. Many memories, Pasha wants to chew on it a little!” Looking bewildered at her he sets her down and covers it with his hand.“No, do not eat it, I really need it, Pasha, it was a gift, and i….” Maybe if he  hammers his point across… “And I really like it, Peter gave it to me. Its the first gift he gave me that is not a flower”She shudders  but nods.“Sorry, Pasha will try. Gift important, gift for king, consort makes happy-!” Good lord, why do all the fairies say the same thing!?“Not consorts, we are just friends dear” Seven eyes blink up at him disgruntled. “Little king dummy, he- he gave flowers and and something  magic and shiny, to us you are as well as one-” His brain is currently being fried, is that- Nope, not his fault their cultures are different.“Well, it doesn't work like that with humans dear, we aren't together, just friends…” She does the approximation of a pout.“Sssso dumb” He laughs nervously.“Not really, you are all… more honest in a way. Humans tend to take more steps for things”“ Silly, silly, if you love him you should say it” His heart seizes and he manages to keep himself from making a face.“I don't, well no more than just a companion of course. I'm sure he is of the same idea” She goes flat.“Both dumb then, silly foggy one says you are friends too. Dumd, dumb just say it and let it be over with” It stings, but he knows its for the best. Just friends.
  
  
Days pass and soon enough its the weekend so the three of them prepare to go out, he has to tell him that Pasha said he was his dad, so probably they will think that when he sees them with them.The man starts to choke on air and he understands so he pats his back.He doesn't see the wisps of fog come out of his mouth.“Thats- well thats very- cough- dumb” He gets another fit and Elias has to fret more, whatever he has it really is getting worse…He must be making a face because Peter grabs his hand and holds it between them.“Its fine- winter sort of makes it… flare up more” He looks him over, and starts to plan on getting him more warm clothes. He is wearing a coat and sweaters, but if that's the case he might need more.Thank god he finished the scarf and he is almost done with the sweater.He sighs, Pasha whines and kicks Peter so he scolds her and starts to fret at her about her clothes.“Stop pulling at them young lady, you will mess them up and they were a gift for you-” She pouts but lets him make sure she is well dressed. When he gets up again he sees the taller man trying to hide a smile and it makes him look elsewhere while feeling his cheeks heat up.“C’mon Pasha lets go” She squints and then goes to grab Peter’s hand making him give a terrified smile, that she answers back toothily. It was his turn to grin at the image.Once outside the castle he puts on the bracelet and off they go to town. The changeling has fun swinging their hands and Elias talks with Peter who makes the appropriated noises. He is aware he is half hearing him so he starts to say more and more out of there things, that make Pasha giggle.Its when he says that perhaps he should ask Maxwell to dance in the ball at the end of the year that he snaps out of it and asks him what the hell is he talking about.“Mm? Oh you finally tuned back in! Good for you. As i was saying, i will probably have to dance with him during the ball, which is… something of a bother, but then again if i want to make the relations between our kingdoms better its something i ought to do” The face he was making was so funny, he had trouble not just to start cackling at it.Pasha had no qualms so she just laughed at him.“Horrible, you are both horrible, look at what you have done to her Elias” He snorts and pats her head making her grin pleased.“I'm pretty sure that is her, you are just fun to annoy dear” The man pouts and he shakes his head. They walk some more and Peter starts talking.“I could- well it would be nice to- um, if you want-!” He was stammering and seemed frustrated at not being able to say what he wanted so he takes a guess from their previous conversation that makes something twist pleasantly on his gut.“Are you perhaps asking me to dance at the ball? My Peter, how forward, I still need to do what I said, but… i'm sure we can make some time for it” He opens and closes his mouth, Pasha makes an inquisitive noise but starts to speak excitedly too.“Can I dance too? Pasha wants to dance with Lie-as” Shaking his head in amusement he pretend to think.“Mmm, well, I wonder… Of course dear, in fact you get to dance with me first, how does that sound? Its sort of a masquerade this year so you can be more scary too if you want” She jumps up and down.“You heard foggy one? I dance with Lie-as first!! Then- then you and its use and-” The next sounds she produces makes no sense to him at all, but Peter seems to pick on the clicking and whistling, he seems to color up a little bit on the cheeks and he wonders what she is saying.“Now, now don't be like that. We talked about it” She booed at him and started to pout.Still it was adorable.“And of course i will dance with you too Peter, would be rude of me not to give my personal hero a dance” Peter almost doubles over, but contains himself, not before giving him a glare.“Not a hero you-” Elias grins and raises an eyebrow before lifting his hand and counting.“Saved me from being lost in the woods, took me all the way to where I wanted, saved me from Annabelle, saved me from Jane. You are clearly my knight in sailor armor  dear ” His tone goes lower at that and he sees him shiver.“Thats-!” They were at the entrance of the town so he skips a few steps and tells him to hurry.“Yes Foggy one hurry, hurry! Pasha wants cake!!!” He chuckles but walks next to him. This time she holds his hand, he knows its to keep him calm and it makes him feel good.He asks Peter which store he wants to go, either at Mariam or the new one, but he shrugs and says whichever they like best, he is just in it for the food.“... And perhaps the company, albeit the apple pie is tempting, still cant pinpoint why its the taste so…. familiar” Elias cant tell him so he just shrugs.“No idea” Peter sort of stares at the name of the place with an odd expression, when he asks he denies it and says it reminded him of someone he met.Pasha grabs both of their hands and pulls them in, quickly she takes them to their table and they sit down.He tries to see if the server girl is around, but so far it seems she must be in the kitchen or something.So instead he goes to talk with his companions some more. Pasha takes off her coat and swings her legs around. Peter pretends her kicks hurt, making her giggle. It brings a smile to his face, this…The three of them just… existing like this? Its a blessing, he thinks.He closes his eyes for a second and enjoys it. Pasha pokes the bottle with the ship and he tells her to stop, less she breaks it. Peter rolls his eyes and goes to poke it too, albeit he freezes halfway trough and instead picks it up carefully to examine it.“Are you ok? You look-” Pale all of a sudden. He can see July come out of the kitchen and smile at him, before starting to come to their table.“I um- I need to go” His gaze turns to him sharply.“Are you ok? You look sort of ill-”“Foggy ladyyy” Elias turns and so does Peter who looks like a startled deer. July notebook slips between her fingers. “What-”Pasha looks between all of them and he sees her look more and more confused. In the end she tugs at Peter’s sleeve.“Dad? What's wrong?” July takes a sharp breath and Peter suddenly gets up, not before patting Pasha in the head.“Sorry little lady, I forgot something important, I will meet you both later, ok?”“Peter?”“I- sorry. I will make it up to you i promise” “Peter?” He sees him tense and smiles at her in that empty and bleak way.
   “I'm sorry, but I don't think I know you. And… i don't believe i would want to”  
She steps back looking white as a sheet, Elias was about to get up too to follow him, but Peter suddenly doubles over and starts to cough again, far more violently that before, Pasha looks like she is about to cry so he grabs her first picking her up. And tries to think how to help out.However the sound of a gasp and a whispered no makes him turn to the woman who looks like she is on the verge of crying herself.“Peter? No, no you should even be-” Elias now more annoyed tries to check on her head to see what the hell is going on-But gets hit instead with the same wall of fog that he meets when he tries to do that with the man.He thinks he understands now why Pasha calls her foggy one now. It does not explain hat the hell is going on. The sailor still coughing manages to pass her by and leave quickly, so with the changeling clinging to him he grabs their coats and tries to follow him.“Wait- you-” Elias wants to know, but Peter is currently trying to slip away so with a headache in worry he shakes his head and leaves.However, despite the man having a coughing fit so loud and nerve wracking, he loses him by the time he is outside the store. Looking around and trying to spot him its impossible, he curses, the fog of his magic is hiding him from his sigh. Pasha trembles between his arms and he has to put her down to make her wear her coat, the cold does affect her. Since she shapeshifts it makes her body far weaker and stiff. So once she is warm again he picks her up and takes her to look for the man around.It's after 20 minutes that he almost gives up, before remembering the bracelet!! He saw it peeking from Peter’s wrist before leaving so he focuses on the magic to try and see if he can pinpoint the general area he is in. Its small, and very bleak, but he can tell its closer to the old church. His steps falter and Pasha grabs his neck harder.“D- Eye? Whass wrong?” He hesitates, but he… he needs him. So shaking his head and kissing her forehead he moves.“He is around a place that… makes me upset. I met the worm lady there and it makes me sad. I didn't used to, I spent a day with Peter and… someone else I cared about a long time ago there. But now it just makes me feel- wrong” She squirms.“Home makes Pasha feel like that, she misses the forest but she can't go back. It's sad now…. Pasha would be happy to go with her friends! Pasha will stay and we can halp Peter”“Its help” Elias does not want to go to the forest of wonders, ever, period. But if it makes her happy. Still.“We will find him and scold him, yeah? He worries us so much, what would we do without him? '' He hears her let out a sound that…. he can't describe well, but it makes him feel irrationally mournful.It sends a spike of terror on his heart.Peter will be fine, he will be there with them for a long, long time.He can’t think of the alternative now. By the time he reaches the place, it must have been an hour. He puts Pasha down, since his arms hurt and holds her hand to lead her around. She looks at the old church and the secret entrance asking him why is it like this.“Mm there was a curse a long time ago, supposedly it got broken, but people are superstitious and don't want to be close to a place that might get them cursed” She kicks a pebble.“It doesn't work like that!!! Curses have meaning, they cant- cant pass over once they are broken!!” He gives her a grim smile.“I know princess, I know. But people are dumb” He calls out to Peter but nothing answers back. He uses his magic again to track him, but it feels… weaker, as if the fog was swallowing it. Elias has to stop, his hands are shaking too much.The place has a thin layer of snow, the wind is cold, he feels the fog gripping back and it sets him on edge-He is back in the tunnels, alone-No one cares, no one loves him, he will die alone and forgotten and everyone will move on without him-“Eye-as?”He is done for-“Eye!!!”He-Something small and warm grabs his cheeks, Pasha’s face is scared, her eyes are changing from brown to grey like his.“What-?” She sniffs.“You are foggy” He blinks not understanding what she means, then he looks down and sees the fog on the ground and lets out a small oh.“Oh, i didn't-” Her lip wobbles and she curls up on his lap, during his breakdown he ends up sitting on the floor.“Why do all want to leave Pasha? I- i don't want to be alone, Lie is gone, Peter will be gone-” He grips her back.“Pasha sad, so sad-!” Feeling his face crumble, he hugs her close.“Sorry-sorry” He buries his face on her hair like yarn and repeats it while she keeps making creaking noises.Its unclear how long they both stay like that, but eventually he hears something move and when he looks up he sees Peter holding something in his hands, looking-Looking a mess. His eyes were red, he was very pale and he could see bags under his eyes.The entire place was now full of fog, he could barely see the tower of the church with how thick it became. Elias is seized by terror again, before he could speak again and say how sorry he is-Even if he doesn't know why. Peter comes closer and shows him a kitten.Its so absolutely startling that he chokes out a: what.Pasha untagles herself and looks at the animal who licks her nose making her giggle while starting to cry again.“Back, you came back, Pasha thought-” Peter kneels down and places the cat on her hands and wraps himself around them. Elias curses him lightly, he feels too tired and raw to do much more.“You-”
   “Sorry” 
Peter just sort of lies against them and after a while he see the fog just start to slowly recede into nothingness. Its a while with them all just staying like this, but eventually it goes away completely and Elias feels… more himself.“What happened?” He sighs against his neck and he closes his eyes, shivering. however he also feels that his skin against his is… hot. Unnaturally so.“Peter? Are you sick?” He laughs and it sounds mirthlessly, it makes Pasha whine.“Yeah… you could say that….” It takes some time, but he continues “ She- its… complicated” Elias can't keep with this anymore.“I try to not ask too much, but Peter this is not normal, what happened?” He hesitates.“Its-” He stops and holds him tighter. Eventually he sighs and slumps “Family, I suppose. Or was, I don't want them-” He starts to cough. “I don't care about them-” He shivers and Elias just pushes him back and holds his face, while Pasha pets the cat and tries to touch Peter.“If you miss them, but they hurt you, it's ok. I do that with my mother a lot” Peter snorts and he sees his mouth wobble.“Pasha misses her siblings…. but they hurt Pasha too! Peter has us!!! we care for you foggy dad” Peter snorts and sort of-Oh.Elias pulls him close and lets him have it.Pasha and the cat that also seems to be a mystery climb towards Peter and stay there.They can all have this, clearly they needed it.
  
  
Eventually they all stand and move back, Peter picks up the kitten and puts it in his pocket, it mewls weakly and paws at him but stays and eventually falls asleep. Pasha holds their hands and takes them back to the castle. In the end the sailor goes to his room since he clearly had a fever.He takes the cat and asks if he can get something for it to eat. It was small and it pawed at Peter and cried when he tried to pick it up, he sighs and lets the man, the cat and Pasha who turned into a blob again and is currently being held by the man in the bed, rest.With that dealt with, he asks for some milk and food in the kitchens for a kitten. The head chef looks at him oddly, but he says that Peter adopted one and that he seems to be sick due to the cold weather.She softens and nods, sending him off.Elias hesitates but asks a healer to check on him, Peter is grumpy and annoyed at it, but the man says that it seems he got a very strong cold. He doubts it, but he has no proof of it being something more. Apparently the staff seems to be losing some respect because he gets asked to deliver his food like Peter did. When she asks if he would rather send Timothy, he has to relent and pout. She snorts and pats his back.“Go get him better again your majesty…. i'm sure that you will get him up in no time”He feels like he is being mocked somehow.Still he does.Peter is out of it, when he arrives so he wakes him up lightly and gives him the soup, while letting the cat drink.“What about this little one?” He uses a finger to scratch its tiny head. Pasha, now closer to its size, touches him lightly.“Was abandoned… Apparently it was the smallest one and no one wanted it. They took the siblings and mother for adoptions” He doesn't comment on the way he says that. Electing to sit next to him.“What do you want to call him?” He sees the surprise in his tired face.Even like this he still looks handsome.“You will laugh” Probably.
   “Promise” 
Peter gives him a more amused smile at that. Too much time with Pasha.“Captain” Elias doesn't laugh, merely hums and picks the kitten up to let it rest against the man's chest. He gives him a look, and Elias shurghs.“I think you got an early birthday present for yourself. Like Opal and Pasha look after him ok? You don't pick up strays if you don't intend to care for them” He offers his hand to the changeling, she climbs it and he puts her next to Peter again. He doesn't see his face fall when he says that.“Yeah… Elias?”“Mm?”“Don't take it on them” He smiles.“I have no idea what you-”“Just let them be, they are citizens right? You can't ruin their lives just because of me” And how unfair.“I'm the king”“And your image?” He frowns.“But you-”“I… will be fine, i just need to not see them again. Clearly its what they wanted” Why, he wants to ask, why would they not want you?He could go to them, demand answers.But he knows that if he did, he would never forgive him.And he wants to try this time to not ruin things with one of the few people he cares about again.So he tries to relax.“Fine” Peter finishes the food, places it on the side and… pats the bed.“We always crash at yours… and you also look tired” Running around looking for you he wants to say. But his face softens. “Sure, just this once, to make sure you don't cough up your lungs..” Elias takes off his shoes and sort of lays stiffly. One thing is when he is in his own bed, this is something else. Everything smelled like Peter, and he was close, he saw his eyes flutter.“Just… be here”Just this once.Elias comes closer, Pasha and Captain curl around each other in a pillow. Elias comes closer and eventually he drifts off.When he awakes, he is holding Peter who is snoring lightly. Pasha, bless her, is now in her child form, grabbing the man from the other side, while Captain is next to his head. Its such an odd image it almost makes him laugh, but instead he just squeezes Peter and nuzzles his neck.Just this once…. Peter stays sick for the next week and a half, his fever comes and goes as it pleases and it's almost as if the illness was being more or less difficult on purpose. Not only that but out of nowhere he would get some coughing fits…That were nerve wracking to see, Elias was afraid that soon he would see blood come out. He is sure he would lose it for sure if he did. The healers are actually stumped, since they couldn't find anything odd with him.He finds Tim and Helen visit Peter too, its… well its something. Eventually the man asks him to stay and he spends the afternoon discussing architecture with Tim while Helen eats something she calls popcorn. The sailor seems to be regretting his idea of making them coexist now that its obviously they can spend an hour talking non stop. Pasha plays with Captain who stays closer to the man, apparently he doesn't like the others so he stays remains closer to the sailor and changeling.Its… fun actually.Also Tim has interesting ideas about how to deal with some creatures that he did not consider, since Gertrude tends to resolve things with explosions or fire. Helen adds her own spin and its quite a day.He thinks he laughed a lot at everyones antics.Still he keeps an eye on everyone that he can. The illness breaks, it is quite odd if he thinks too long about it.Elias had been teasing Peter, who eventually admitted to being hurt and missing his siblings, even if they never got along. Its quite touching, even if he still wants to ruin them.He leaves for a little bit to get something to eat and when he comes back-Peter looks far better.It leaves him startled.But after two more days like that he was told he could go out, but to be carefull.How in the world? Opal is excited to see him. Elias had been feeding and keeping her company, but being able to see the sailor after so long made her very excited, which currently translated into her nuzzling the man.Captain was hanging out in his pocket watching it all unfold.Apparently Peter was hell bent on taking him along.Which was very sweet, something he will not tell him.
  
  
The festival will be in two weeks.…God.The ring is far more steady in its power, so the prince is getting close, far too close.He fears he might reach this place by the festival itself.And wouldn't that be something? For the right heir to finally come back to the celebration wishing for his comeback?
   Frowning it sets him on edge. 
It also doesn't help that he keeps catching Pasha wanting to chew on the ring.“What did I say!?” She shines at him.“I knoooow, but magic yummy, just a little bit, feels minty, will return it” “I don't even want to know what that means”  Elias has now a cat and changeling in his office, who, when Gertrude enters his tower, both jump to his lap and hide under the desk.“Good lord- Can’t you knock?? I'm still your king Gertrude?!” She rolls her eyes and puts a piece of paper down.He frowns and looks up at her.“What is this?”“My will- a letter Elias, can't you see?… He picks it up and gives her an unamused look. He wishes it was her bloody will. 
   Gertrude, I have to inform you that you were correct. 

   Mary Keay's house is gone, and apparently she is dead. Asking around, it seems people saw her boy running around after the place burnt down many, many months ago. They seem to think he might have done it. 

   However… I do not think so. Gerard is a good boy. I know it, I did not train him this long to not know. 

   But my point stays. Mary is gone, or believed to be gone. Hard to say with a witch and someone who practices necromancy. 

   If you see or hear about him let me know. 

   Your friend Addelard Dekker. 
 He blinks several times.“Mary Keay… is gone?” That witch bit the dust? Sometimes the world can be kind it seems.Terrible woman.“Supposedly” He takes a breath.“That is… not right”“I know, more because-”“She had that stupid book of the dead” He sees her frown.“Do you mind if I go investigate it? If she is still alive... “ He nods.“Yes, that is quite an issue, then of course, go. If you find the book-”“Bring it back, yes, I know. Not an idiot. Anyways, i won't be back until after the festival, so be careful please. I would love to come back with you in one piece this time” Narrowing his eyes he sends her off while she smiles wickedly amused.God awful woman.“Eye-as? Whos that, whos that?”“Mm?” He grabs her and squishes her, making her laugh.“A very, very bad person, don't worry. With any luck she is truly gone”The world is truly changing it seems.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Getrude leaves two days later.

  The closer to the festival they get, the more nervous he is.

  Peter tries to calm him down, but its futile, the work and the ring are making him a wreck. So he forces him to stay after dinner to relax with him or walk around to let him talk and uncharge what he feels.

  Its honestly cathartic, even if it doesn't solve anything.

  “Even if he came, the ring won't tell you where he is, only that he is around. So stop panicking. Let me ask you this, if you saw him would you recognize him? Would anyone see him and think this is the missing prince? How would he prove it anyways???”

  All valid points. 

  “I-” He was 8 when he went missing, how the hell would he know how he looks grown up? The eyes and skin are something of a give away, but half of the people in the entire continent share those traits, he is not that special.

  God not a single person would think it, hell Elias himself probably wouldn't even notice if he wasn't looking for him specifically.

  As for the last part-

  Fakes had been brought to the queen before, she could tell they were not her son. None could answer the question she posed to them.

  What was your plushie's name?

  No one knew it.

  Would a child that was taken away so long ago even remember it? What did the patron of Annabelle even do to him when he thinks about it. She implied they knew where he was, but that they lost him. She seemed to think he would go to the kingdom and its proving to be true.

  “Ughhh, i'm a mess”

  “I know little Siren, i know” Peter was… more subdued lately.

  After the encounter with his siblings he had been acting far more… passive. It was making him feel lost. It was concerning, he smiled and laughed and even made jokes, but it was all sort of… empty in a way.

  Fake.

  Elias itched to go to the bakery again and demand answers. He of course needed to stop himself from it, he won't, he can't afford to ruin this. 

  So he attempts his best to make him feel comfortable, its… sort of a hit and miss. Pasha clings to Peter more lately which he understands, she doesn't want him to be gone too. Albeit the way she makes it sound, it…

  It always makes something deep inside him feel like he is missing something.

  Something important.

  She makes it sound mournful, like she will lose him and its inevitable. Elias doesn't understand, but it makes him work harder. 

  Work, numbers and papers all set him at ease, to be able to lose himself into something that doesn't require him to worry, merely to calculate wins or losses for the kingdom.

  To make people work and perform to their best.

  Its tiring to think of people's feelings, even if its just Peter. He doesn't want to be mean, but Elias struggles with caring, let alone caring normally.

  So this was… complicated.

  Still he tries, once he calms down his mind with numbing work, of course.

  He asks him if he wants to visit the fairies, Tim can babysit Pasha and it would be them. The man hesitates.

  “Perhaps we should… just leave it i dont think its for the best-” He frowns.

  “I just-” Ok let us not over complicate it “You are acting odd and im worried” He seems to be startled by it.

  “I- um” Elias puts a hand on his arm.

  “Pasha is worried too… Tim and Helen keep asking me if I did something. So... “ Be brave “You tried to help me when I was acting odd. I just want to do the same” Looking up he speaks more softly. “Please let me help?”

  He can see the struggle on his face and its interesting to catalogue. It turns to something akin to regret and resignation.

  “Sure” He waits for more but he just blinks slowly at him. Like a cat he thinks.

  Speaking of which.

  “Which pocket is the Captain in?” Peter hums and puts his hand on his coat pulling out the cat who tries to bite him. Rolling his eyes he lifts him and kisses his tiny head. It paws at him, but ends up giving up and purrs while rubbing its nose against his cheek.

  “Rude little one” The man pokes him.

  “Has spirit” He nods “Reminds me of someone…” Elias tilts his head at him and Peter's bleak smile turns more genuine.

  “Someone who likes to watch and fight me little siren” He pokes his cheek and laughs.

  Flushing he seethes, but after thinking about it he grins. Patting his chest, the man leans down, assuming he wants to say something. So without much issue he kisses his cheek.

  “Sweet of you, now here” He returns the cat “I need to settle some things before my court starts a brawl” 

  Elias walks away with a giant grin, while Peter holds the cat and his burning cheek with his other hand in wonder and yearning.
 
  Pasha was acting weird lately, she kept rejecting food and saying that her tummy hurt. None of them knew what to do to help and Helen despite being the only fae in the group said that she didn't really know much about her kind’s anatomy to help despite how similar they acted in some ways.

  So he tries to soothe her as much as he can, Peter too, he seems very intent on making her feel well, but so far nothing seems to work.
 
  Its a wonderful day.

  Well, it snowed a lot, so there was a very thick blanket of ice that would soon be removed if he had anything to say about it.

  Elias hated slipping on ice.

  Peter was looking around at it, clearly living somewhere where it did not snow.

  He sighs.

  They would visit the fairies in the afternoon, but Pasha wanted to play in the snow and managed to drag Tim into it. She had been slowly changing her appearance more as a child to not upset him. 

  Elias reckons she is picking things from all of them.

  Her hair was curly like Helen’s now, still the same brown as before, but it was an improvement. He had to let her touch his to get the feeling of it right. That was two hours full of questions along with trial and error.

  Her eyes were grey like his, while she was more pale, closer to Peter he would say.

  It was enough to help Tim not be so freaked out.

  Plus the pointy ears and tail she insists on making also help.

  Elias was sitting watching them talk while Peter just moved around the garden.

  He was about to call out to him, when his patron let him know that something was coming.

  Barely and he means barely, he manages to avoid a snowball to the face. 

  A childish giggle makes him turn around. Tim was looking terrified at him, while a small supernatural little girl in a purple coat was looking at him delighted. Grinning from ear to ear with her sharper teeth.

  Elias sees Peter ignoring them, he smiles wickedly and points to the man. The three of them share a look and grab snow simultaneously.

  Let it be said that he can have fun.

  The following snow war lasted until lunch.

  It ended up with him and Peter teaming up at some point against Tim and Pasha, while Helen commented on the whole thing.

  They were all slightly damp, so everyone went to change. Peter picks up the changeling and asks if they would be going after lunch, He nods and they all go their own ways.

  
  

  Pasha falls asleep in the library while Tim reads, he sees it in a painting while he and Peter make their way to the forest.

  He expected the place to be snowy, but he should know better than to think the faeries would live with the snow. The entire clearing they lived in had its own micro climate, something of an eternal spring.

  It was beautiful.

  His memories, blurry and affected by magic that was not his own were harsh, but Peter places a hand on his back and he breathes easily. Going back to the spot under the tree from last time.

  Being caught again in the last step included-

  They end up relaxing, since this time he is the one acting odd; he very casually offers for him to rest if he wants. Peter looks owlishly at him, tilting his head to the side.

  “I'm fine Elias, don't worry” He keeps his face like normal and moves on. Shame.

  The pixies float towards them, he recognizes them as the ones from before. They all float to the sailor’s face and giggle while touching him. When he makes a noise they turn towards him and gasp before flinging themselves too.

  “Wha-”

  “Little king-”

  “Is fine? Will be fine? Did foggy one take care of you?”

  “Must have, he is here!”

  “Oh he is here, must rejoice, little king got saved”

  “By the foggy one too, must make them even better for each other”

  “Yes, perfect, perfect. I can tell-”

  “Match, matched, meant to-”

  “Tied-”

  “He came to-”

  “Must be-”

  “Could it be?”

  “Its just meant to be?” The three finish at the same time and kiss his cheeks several times, it feels funny.

  Then Peter waves them away and they fly up.

  “Of course, must let you”

  “Yes you came with your consort-”

  “Not his/Not my-” 
  Both of them try to correct them while blushing. Elias can't deal with this now.

  “Silly, silly, these humans are silly. The answer you seek-”

  “Its right in front-”

  “With a word-”

  “With a smile!”

  “You can make everything right” They giggle and fly away, leaving them completely baffled.

  “What was all that about?” Peter shrugs.

  “Sometimes they do speak nonsense, their senses are different and see things that don't translate well to us” Huh.
 
  Elias talks, Peter is oddly quiet and he wants to crack him open and be able to know what is wrong with him. What should he do.

  But its not possible, so instead he starts to drift in the middle of his sentence untils its quiet. Elias just leans against the tree and sighs looking around. Its… even if they are next to each other it feels lonely.

  He can't do anything to help if he doesn't know what the problem is. Peter would leave eventually and he will be left alone with all of these feelings simmering inside himself.

  Its the past repeating itself.

  Elias will ultimately end up alone no matter what he does. He clenches and unclenches his jaw, there is no way for him to-

  “I'm sorry” He blinks a few times and turns to him.

  “Pardon?” Peter points to the ground, a thin blanket of fog.

  Oh that explains it.

  “Its- its ok” The man hesitates.

  “It didn't use to affect you” Biting his lip he nods and wraps his arms around his legs. He feels childish and stupid. It makes him irritable and angry.

  “No, but its not your fault, 500 year old magic traps are difficult to avoid” Peter looks elsewhere. Ah yes, he still feels bad.

  “I'm sorry too, i told you already, but i am” 

  They stay quiet.

  He was about to ask to go back since this clearly didn't help, but Peter asks if his offer to rest is still up. Elias nods and he shuffles in place until his head is on his lap. He looks tired so instinctively he starts to play with his hair. The man gives him a raised eyebrow, but he refuses to acknowledge it.

  Peter relaxes further until he sleeps, Elias plays with his hair and when he gets bored, makes his own flower crown for him. Sue him for being uncreative.

  Still he hears giggles from time to time.

  Children, they are all children.
 
  Eventually Peter moves, he was waking up, but unfortunately for Elias' dignity, he turns to the side and nuzzles his belly, letting out an embarrassed noise that he covers with a cough. Then the man rolls around again to get up.

  So close, so close oh god-

  Keep your mind out of the gutter Elias.

  Peter accepts the crown with a small and sad smile, but places it upon his head.

  “Good?” He nods.

  They walk back quietly, none of the creatures bother them.

  On their way back the silence is more natural, not so weird, but he can see Peter make faces as if struggling with something.

  “I'm just…” Elias stays quiet “I would like to know why they…. but also i do not want to speak with them” He nods.

  “I can't read their minds, have the same block as you” Peter seems to slump into what he assumes is resignation. Elias does not see the relief. “Sorry”

  “Its- its ok”

  “So… facing them or not? That's what has you so… mopey?”

  “Mopey?” He rolls his eyes.

  “Am i wrong?” He scratches the back of his head.

  “I suppose not. Its… it reminded me of several things, plus getting sick… its just terrible” Nodding he pushes him lightly.

  “But you got better, just take better care of yourself and you will make it to your old years” 

  “Yeah… you too if you stay out of trouble” He gasps in mock surprise.

  “How dare you, not my fault the world wants me dead”

  “Mm, yeah, and also wants you married and with kids-” He blinks.

  “What-?”

  “I um, heard Gertrude, that one time, you weren't exactly quiet” Right, yes, he forgot.

  “Well.... i don't want to, if i was forced to for the kingdom sure, but i would prefer to avoid it for now” Peter plays around with his sleeves end.

  “You would marry for the kingdom? Even if… you didn't want to? Or cared about the other person?” Elias' shoulders slump.

  “Peter… i would- “ What does he want? Truly?

  “I will do what I can. Even if I don't want to. Ideally? I could marry someone i liked, but i need to keep my position and if an arranged marriage works then it works”

  “I see” He feels the mood got sort of weird, so he tries to cut it off.

  “However, as far as it seems I am not anywhere close to where I would need to do that. Who knows? Maybe I do get to marry someone i- i like” He flounders, but he doesn't seem to catch on to it, so its good.

  “Yeah, that would be nice”

  Somehow he feels it's not really about him that is directed at.

  
  

  The man still acts oddly, but less so. There is something off, but its slowly being left behind it seemed.

  So more time passes and finally-

  Finally they reach the eve of the festival.

  That morning he wakes up feeling… well like a bundle of nerves being poked at. But it stands to reason. When he goes to dress up and put on his ring, he realizes its gone.

  Never a good sign.

  When he hears light snoring he pinches the bridge of his nose.

  “Pasha?” She is asleep under the chair.

  he can see something glowing green inside the goopy mass.

  “Pasha!!”
 
  Her tummy hurt too much during the night and apparently the magic of the ring was lovely and soothing so she crawled during the night to nibble on it, unfortunately she got greedy and swallowed it.

  “Will give it back, once tummy is fine!! Pasha promise”

  “I don't want you to… god i don't even know how could you-”

  “Spit it back!! Pasha will spit it back, but it's helping Pasha hurt tummy. The ring is full of memories and love!!! It makes me feel drowzee and happy…” The one day-!

  “Fine, fine!! But never again, once Salesa comes you will pick something from his selection of artifacts and keep it for this kind of thing.

  “Promise!!”
 
  The day moves fast after that, his own nerves were making him twitchy and snappy.

  Peter was mostly relaxed and tried to get him to calm down or absolutely tear a new one to some unsuspecting fool just for fun.

  Pasha was doing something while he worked, so he paid her no mind, she had been very grumpy, apparently her tummy was hurting for a few days now, she just didn't want to say it. Last night it was too much and that is why she ate the ring.

  So ringless and with his partner just cheering him on while he gave orders to the people to help prepare matters in town, he is stopped mid sentence by her giving him a piece of paper.

  The man who was sweating cold due to terror stays frozen as he inspects the page.

  It was a drawing of all of them. She was in the middle with Peter and Elias holding her hands, even adding a crown for him. Peter was wearing one with flowers and fog, which was funny.

  Captain and Opan were on the side, while Helen and Tim were waving.

  It was childish, it was also adorable.

  “This is very good, Pasha dear!! Maybe if you practice you can be an artist one day. Why don't you show Peter? I will put it in my office later so i can always see it” She grins her toothy smile and hisses at the man who steps back.

  Elias goes straight back to tear him a new one for placing the wrong orders.
 
  The day goes by slowly, Pasha insists on going to town and Peter is hesitant but also adds he would like to see the festival. 

  He surmises that he is worried about meeting up with his siblings again. Captain is hanging from his shoulder taking a nap. Elias…

  He sighs.

  “I need to oversee-”

  “Your highness, no offense? But we are practically done here. As far as i recall you always stay in the castle despite helping organize everything so much. Maybe… it wouldn't be so bad if you go with mister Foster and miss…?” Rosie was nervously playing with her fingers, he really wanted to snap at her for getting involved.

  “Im Pasha!!! These are my dads!!!” Rosie sort of freezes and Elias pinches the bridge of his nose.

  “She lost her family and Peter is looking after her, don't mind her Rosie. You know what-? Fine, fine, clearly you don't want me here so im just-”

  “Sir-”

  “No, no, Pasha come on, let's go get your coat. Peter put on something warm for the love of god, you already got sick!”

  “Can Timmy come too??” 

  “You know what? Sure, let's get Timothy too. Rosie informs everyone that Mr Stoker would be out on babysitting duty” Pasha jumps up and down and holds her hands to be picked up so he grabs her and hands her to Peter who rolls his eyes and takes her. The cat starts to play with her.
 
  Rosie is left alone thinking that now she is the one with the most knowledge other than the healers.

  Also they owe her money from the jar of Elias/Peter this month.

  Not together yet it seems, but somehow adopted a child under their noses. 

  She smiles and goes to tell the others.
 
  Tim takes well to it, so he changes and joins to keep Pasha entertained. Its sort of hilarious to see the bundle of clothes that she is, playing with Tim who seems far too content with the child, despite sometimes feeling disconnected from her.

  He knows it tears at him the lack of Sasha, but Pasha proves to not be a threat and insists that if they find her she will give her the memories back. After all-

  “Pasha is happy here!! She wants Sasha to be herself again so I can stay!!” 

  Its adorable, that's what it is and Elias- 

  Well he is happy with the idea.
 
  The town is decorated with green, black and gold. There are flags with the owl that represent the kingdom hanging from every corner around. The snow was shoveled out of the way for people to be able to walk and not slip, it was quite the sigh.

  Tim has her sitting on his shoulders while he points out all the stores to Peter. He was in his disguise, not wanting to draw attention to himself. Fairly sure the king just walking around with a child and technically two servants would look weird.

  Tim’s face at seeing him was hilarious, that he will admit.
 
  So they spend the afternoon going from shop to shop doing activities. Peter at one point sort of starts to disappear-

  Literally he means, he sees him sort of become see through so he links arms and gives him a look. That makes him clench his jaw, but eventually he lets out a breath and relaxes. Pasha asks to buy an owl doll so they get it for her.

  Then Tim suggests going to play some games at some booths that were opened just for this day. There are a lot of childrens playing around. Pasha holds Tims hand and doesn't want to let go.

  “Hey what 's up? Don't you want to play with the other kids?” She looks around and shakes her head, so Elias comes closer too followed by Peter.

  “Its ok, i know there are a lot of people but as long as you keep the hat on and gloves-”

  “No- Pasha doesn't-” She sort of fumbles and her shape shifts ever so slightly so he covers her. Peter picks her up instead and asks her a few things too low for him to hear. She whispers back too.

  Peter nods.

  “How about we play with you instead?” She nods shyly and grabs his coat tightly. Tim nods and asks her if she wants to race him instead, to that she seems more cheerful so she asks to be put down and when the man holds her hand off they go.

  “What happened?” Peter tilts his head watching them.

  “The other kids scare her, she doesn't know how to copy them, too many and all so wild, it makes her nervous” Elias blinks, he did not expect that “She is used to be one person at the time, plus adults are more easy to simulate since they are more predictable” 

  “Huh”

  “Yeah…” They watch them go and he asks the man if he is having fun. He sees him smile at him.

  “Yes, a lot actually, its so…. cheerful? This would not happen back home. Don't think I ever saw the place have any kind of festivity. Its also lonely. Like watching something you never knew you had but always sort of wanted? Mm well it works for my magic anyways”

  Elias is so desperately curious, so so much. But ultimately he decides to trust him, he has to trust someone and Peter has proven to be nothing but helpful.

  “I can't say I get it, but it is nice.. Rosie wasn't wrong, I never come to the festival, only start the light show in the late afternoon and just… stick around the castle while most people leave” He feels him lightly push him.

  “Well, here you are now. Do you like it?” Elias… does, he doesnt think he enjoyed it ever since the last time he got to celebrate before becoming king with Jonathan and Barnabas.

  It makes him nostalgic.

  However, he sees Tim playing with Pasha, Peter sitting with him, he is fairly sure he can see a head of curly hair peeking from a door that wasn't there before and maybe-

  Just maybe it can be better.

  “Yes, yes, i think i like it even more”
 
  They stay awhile, until the changeling girl comes running with a smile.

  “Dads!!” Tim has a shit eating grin at that. He gives him a scowl, but turns to the girl.

  “Yes dear?”

  “Can I go ice skating with Tim? There is a-” He would love to hear the rest, but he has a few seconds where his mind goes to freezing water and telling his mother that he wanted to skate before he says-

  “No” He realises he said it too forcefully, because the two men and child all give him different looks of surprise and even hurt.

  “Oh…” Calm down.

  “What I meant to say is… not before I look at where you want to do it first. Safety and all that” That seems to appease her so she grabs his hand and pulls him away. The ice skate rink was actually not on any body of water but rather someone used ice magic to freeze the ground into the perfect place to play.

  Feeling less upset he tells her that yes, of course she can go. Before Tim can join her he grabs his arm.

  “Make sure she has not a scratch and don't lose her from your sigh or i am making you spend the next 10 months cleaning the stables and kitchens” His face goes white but he nods. Peter coughs next to him.

  “What was all that?”

  “Nothing” The taller man gives him an unimpressed look.

  “Just… I don't like ice skating over water. This is fine” He doesn't press for more and Elias feels blessed. Peter knows when not to push so he doesn't have to explain his fear.

  Not explain how he fell as a child as an accident and how sick he got after.

  He merely breathes out and relaxes when the man leans against his side.

  Luck is on their side and at no point do they meet up with any of Peter’s siblings it seems. The man relaxes more and more. Eventually they get hungry so they go to Mariams store to get something to eat, Pasha insists on staying with Tim to win some games and the man is ok with it so they swear to meet up later.

  On their way there, Elias is distracted from Peter telling him about some weird anecdote from his childhood when he is sure he sees-

  Well that can't be right?

  No, it must be a trick of the light.

  Elias blinks a few times and its gone. Peter asks but he shakes his head.

  “Thought i saw something, but it must be the ice reflecting on something” Peter shrugs and they continued.

  Somehow he thought he saw a person, but he looked translucent. It must be his nerves and the light playing tricks on him.

  
  

  At Mariam’s place they sit on a booth to the side, their food is delicious, albeit Peter gives it a somewhat forlorn look.

  “Pardon the questions, you don't need to answer but… the pie? Is that why you said it tasted too familiar?” The man nods.

  “My sister and i… we sneaked at different times of the day to the kitchen and learned how to cook on our own. She would usually leave me a slice on my room” How… sad it sounded.

  He lightly puts his hand on top of his.

  “Hey, my offer stands to make their lives miserable. I have the power for it” That drags a smile from him.

  “No, i think this is fine” They talk more, at some point another two men sit on the booth behind him. They don't make much fuzz so he doesn't really pay them any mind.

  It's not until he hears another person join that he pays more attention.

  “Wha- Sarah? Where is Martin?”

  “What do you mean? Isn't he with you two?” Her voice sounded… somewhat familiar, but also sort of wrong somehow, he couldn't pinpoint why.

  “No? He told us he was going to meet up with you”

  “He- he never came to see me, i went to the alchemy store to buy some things for my potions-”

  They keep talking and eventually they pay and leave to look for this Martin. 

  How entertaining.
 
  Eventually he needs to head back so he can change and start the lantern show.

  They all stay to watch it from the town so its easier to see, he waves at Pasha who is sitting on Peter’s shoulders. She looks tired, probably will pass out the moment they take her back to the castle.

  “Bye Dad!! See you later!!” Elias has to swallow down ahd wave back, Tim snickers while Peter-

  Peter is flushed looking elsewhere.

  Probably embarrassed about the whole charade. It makes something like lead curl on the pit of his stomach. He wants to-

  What?

  He sees the man and the child and he yearns.
 
  Now in his clothes for this he sets up to start the first lanterns up in the sky, soon all the ones from the town join in a spectacular show. The river of lights all heading out into the ocean floating free while contrasting with the dark and the snow of the town.

  The sheer amount reflected on the ocean made it look like a river of moving stars.

  It was beautiful, it had always been his favourite part of the festival. 

  His mother said it was beautiful but she always felt bad for the queen, when he asked her why, she smiled sadly.

  “Imagine seeing something so beautiful but knowing its because of your loss. I don't think i could do such a thing if i lost you firebug” Feeling confused he merely hugged her tighter while she reciprocated.

  He smiles.

  Once that is done he goes to the kitchen to get what he needs along with the presents.
 
  Peter, Pasha and Tim come back an hour later.

  The girl is asleep so they drop her to sleep.

  Then its just him and Peter, once Tim waves them goodbye and says he would look after her the next day with Helen.

  Considering it's the day that he promised Peter it made sense.
 
  “So I got you something?”

  “Mm, yes, can it wait, Elias? I want to show you something-”

  “Peter, just wait ok?” He sighs but follows him to his room. There he shows him the cake.

  It was decorated… as best as he could.

  “Happy birthday? Since we are unclear on which day it is, but you picked tomorrow I figured I ought to give you a cake. You were correct, those cooking lessons did come in handy” He sees him look honestly surprised, there is a flash of something that he can't quite decipher across his eyes, but its soon gone and replaced with a grin.

  “Well, well King Bouchard, making a cake for little old me, how delightful” His own smile goes fractionally more wild.

  “Well, unless you want me to throw it to your face i recommend you keep that to yourself, now grab a knife and cut a slice”

  Peter does, he waits with anticipation for the verdict. One thing is making a cake the two of them together, another is him doing it on his own.

  “Its… good!” The smile makes him laugh. His nerves were all over the place at this point.

  “Here, have a bite-!” Then of course he sets them up even higher, Elias maanges to accept the offered bite without looking like an idiot. It… does taste well. Its not excellent but it's good.

  After they eat and drink some wine he hid away, Peter tries to tell him again to come along with him. But before that he gives him his packages.

  “Happy birthday Peter” He looks at the wrapping paper for a while and carefully opens it, he wants to say to hurry, but considering he thinks the man never got an actual present like this. He surmises its warranted.

  “Oh” He expected more, but he will take it.

  “I promised a scarf, plus… a sweater wouldn't hurt too. You stay on the beach long enough and its cold” Elias should also return the coat he still has from him, but...he doesn't really want to.

  “I- thank you. I really- its very nice Elias” His fingers itch to wrap the scarf around him, but he stops himself. Instead he sees him shake his head and smile, before trying the sweater on.

  “You don't have to-”

  “Oh i think i do, besides i told you, there is something i want to show you. So put on something warm too ok?” Confused, he nods and wears his warmes clothes. When he turns Peter is wearing the sweater, his coat and the scarf.

  He looked good.

  “Happy it all fits you, had to guess a lot”

  “Mm, sure” He sounds delighted so he kicks him lightly and tells him to lead the way.
 
  They end up in front of his ship, Peter invites him inside, he was about to ask, but he shakes his head, and starts to prepare the vessel to sail.

  “What are you doing??”

  “I told you, i want to show you something, now help me up if you still remember how”
 
  He does.
 
  Its not far away it seems, he can still see the shape of the castle and the town from far away, but they are closer to the mainland and in particular a cliff, what does draw his attention is the light snow that starts to fall.

  “So? What did you want to show me?” Peter sits in front of the railing and pats the place next to him. Grumbling about silly sailors he sits down. Its very quiet and the slow falling snow in the ocean looks-

  Rather magical he would say.

  About to speak he gets lightly shushed.

  “Just hear” He tries to, but there is nothing there-

  Its-

  He tilts his head to listen closer to the water.

  It sounds almost like-

  Music?

  Then there is a glow, he stares at the water and sees some bioluminescent glow in the water, bubbles come up and from them music sort of comes about.

  Some of them impossibly floated up. He curiously popped one and a song came out of the air from it.

  “What is this?” Peter smiles and puts an arm around him, it makes him feel warm all over.

  “There is a very particular kind of creatures that lives under water, they like to sing and sometimes it can reach the surface. Now they are very hard to come by, but-” And he gives him a look.

  “They seem to like the festival, well more specifically the lights. The faeries told me about it so i came to check it out and is it turns out its true”

  Between the singing, the lights and the snow-

  Now colored by the almost glowing blue coming from the water it felt as if they were in a fairytale of sorts.

  It was-

  “Its beautiful Peter i- don't know what to say” Elias just… leans against him and enjoys the show. The man hums along, and puts his head on top of his. 

  This was perhaps the most magical moment he had. His patron is magic true, but this? This was the sort of innocent kind of magic that just… doesn't really belong much with his current life or world. This was something more.

  Elias wanted this to be the kind of thing he got to have more often, that he wanted to share with the man next to him. He loved it…

  He looks at the man’s face and sees the joy and happiness shine in the supernatural light, sees his mouth curve up slightly, can even see the flushed cheeks due to the cold, and he realizes how much he wants to have this in his life.

  How much he loves him.

  He loved Peter for giving him this-

  Taking a breath he tries to not…. overthink it now, better to do it later.

  The whole thing lasts for another… hour give or take. 

  By then he was shivering slightly due to the snow. Peter asks him if he wants to sleep in the cabin or go back now.

  “Pasha…?”

  “I told her we might stay during the night, Helen promised to keep an eye on her till morning”

  Elias is tired and cold, and the idea of just having to do the trip to go to sleep now just doesn't sit right, besides… There was still one bed in the ship.

  “I… would rather stay then, I'm very tired and cold” Peter nods and they go inside, quickly he takes off the layers of extra clothes and hangs them around, the man does the same and soon they both hesitate before the bed.

  Elias honestly just wanted to crash at this point. So he takes away any awkwardness and just gets in on his side like so long ago. It feels so far away by now, its impressive.

  Peter snorts and soon joins him too, he ends up wrapping his arms around him and he closes his eyes trying not to shiver. Peter is so close to him and its impressive how Elias has not simply turned around and kissed him. It says something about his force of will.

  “Goodnight Elias”

  “Night Peter, happy birthday”

  “.... thank you” Then its quiet and Elias-

  Elias wants to tear something apart, because he knows he is fucked. Knows that by now its no longer a simple crush or an attraction due to the man being handsome.

  He loves him.

  Elias loves Peter so much he wants nothing more than for him to stay. He wants him to stay, wants to look after Pasha with him and wants to keep Opal and Captain. He very much loves this insufferable mystery of a man who has the emotional range of a 10 year old.

  He loves him so much it hurts to think that he can't have him.

  Because the truth is he can't.

  For all that he cares and wants him, Elias is now screwed, maybe… just maybe if this had happened before he found out about the prophecy, about the missing prince. Maybe it could work, he could pull some strings and make it work.

  But he can lose his place as king with the prince looming over, hell he can die because of it and its terrifying, Elias can lose everything. 
  
    He has things to lose now.
  

  If he fails, if he can't stop what is already in motion, he will have nothing to offer, no protection or safety of any kind for anyone.

  Elias wants Peter, but he can't really have him, not now if things go bad. He will only drag him down.

  Kill the prince, buy his silence or… marry royalty to secure his place as the king.

  If he can't kill him, or if he refuses to stay silent. Marrying someone of royal blood is his only shot, and Peter is not. Maybe if this was not something looming over them, he could just lie and invent a title for him. But it won't be enough now.

  He feels him squeeze his middle and Elias sighs and presses himself closer. Peter nuzzles his head and he wants to cry at this rate, he is stuck in an impossible move. Elias hopes, beyond hope, that Peter will stay, even if he has to get married to keep the kingdom and him safe.

  He hopes he will forgive him too.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Peter likes to think that his life couldn't get more complicated once he got ill due to the curse and ran away from home.


  Life however likes to prove him wrong, which is why it gave him Elias Bouchard.


  In some aspects he thinks he has actually helped him a lot.


  In others he realizes that he made his life harder.


  Perhaps the most damning thing Peter can think of, its the fact that by now he doesn't know how to tell him that he is most likely dying. Because he doesn't want Elias to burn out thinking about it and trying to find a solution that won't come.


  Peter also made his own bed by continually getting more and more people to like him, which is something he very much is against. His only wish was to leave Mooreland, get a ship and sail alone until he eventually died.


  Now? He has Elias, Tim, Pasha, Helen and Opal.


  Not only that but after saving the man the staff has been kinder and it just…. it sits wrong with him. Due to his upbringing, due to knowing he is lying to everyone, to know that all the kindness is wasted on him.


  That he will burn out like a candle and leave everyone.


  It eats at him.

 

  Peter spends time with Elias while he recovers and its… its nice. He hated to be ignored by him, hated that he tried to make him leave him. He hates himself more for staying when it could have been his only shot at going out guitless.


  But ultimately, he couldn't, the idea of the man being the one to push him away was so…. so infuriating that he had to stay. Spite is as good as anything to keep one on track. Then there was the nightmares, he kept waking up thinking Elias was dead and it was because of him. The sighs he conjured were all horrifying and it left him lost, because he couldn't walk in to check on him. Even if he wanted to.

 

  Pasha tried to help.


  The little blob was to his knowledge good, not only that… but to go against her nature? For a human?


  It- 


  It made him think that perhaps he had been wrong in some of his assumptions.


  “I wanted her gone at first, wanted to get rid of her to become Sasha instead- But Sasha- her life was so- she was so kind- And I wanted her to be happy!!” And it sounds so similar to what-


  Closing his eyes he breathed.


  It won't do him any good to dwell on it.

 

  He does hear them. Elias and Gertrude.


  The whole marry and have children thing reminded him of his own situation, which did not improve his mood.


  Elias was also stuck with that just as he was and its… depressing and unfair.

 

  When Eias starts to ramble about how it was all him, Peter feels… tired to the bone, the lack of sleep, the worry, taking care of Pasha and feeling like the man was going to leave him-


  It makes him tired. It also makes him see how scared he was, so he tries his best to help him, he hugs him. Its odd, but when the man melts and starts to cry it leaves him with the feeling of wanting to keep him safe. More than ever.


  Its so horrible.


  So frightening, he should not want that.


  He should want to be alone, always alone as he was meant to.


  But he is only a man and he is weak at this point for him.

 

  Peter is selfish.


  Its why he keeps just letting himself sleep on Elias' bed, the man doesn't complain, seems happy to let him and as long as it is true… he wont stop. He is selfish and he wants this, wants to feel the closeness even when his head tells him its wrong, even when he remembers his home and being told that is wrong.


  That caring was going to kill him one day.


  It always made him afraid.


  It made all of them afraid.


  Missy said it was stupid, she cared for him, so did Simon and Titania. His reply at age 16 after his father died due to the illness was that of course 
  
    they 
  
  can.


  “You aren't from here, you aren’t cursed like all of us. But caring is going to get all of 
  
    us 
  
  killed” She looked sadly at him.


  “And yet you are kind with me” He freezes, but she doesn't continue, merely kisses his forehead and tells him to finish his studies so they can walk on the forest.


  He burrows his burning face on the pillow, pretending to be asleep. Elias is reading to Pasha and lightly stroking his head in the process. It makes him want to turn around and kiss his wrist, it makes him want to pull at him and kiss him breathless.


  Peter is an idiot with the worst crush ever, but he is going to die and he wants to have this, while also not breaking the other man’s heart. 


  One day he will have to. He will need to be cold and implacable and he will need to lie to his face to make him hate him. To make everyone hate him.


  He thinks he can live with their hate more than their pity, more than their grief.


  Peter would rather live what time he has left without any grief being spilled over him.

 

  Pasha is delightful, once she stops launching herself at his face of course. She curls up next to him in bed, asks about Elias, about him. She is curious and small and scared.


  Peter holds her close.


  She is also a little bit broken but everyone is at this rate.


  He thinks about Tim wanting to hurt this small ball of joy, thinks of the man being upset about being lied to and can't decide what is worst.


  Pasha pokes him and whimpers, he shushes her and hums until she sleeps, covering  his eyes with his arm and tries to not get consumed by his thoughts.


  Why does he keep getting things to care about? Why do people or fae keep wanting to be around him? He reeks of loneliness.


  Elias does to-


  It makes him knock on the wall. It takes a few seconds, but there is an answer.


  He lets out a breath.


  Elias left without him.


  Why do people keep leaving without telling him why?


  He doesn't want to know. Peter doesn't care, that is the lie he has told himself for years now. Caring for it… its what made him like this. What got him sick, if it's anyone's fault that he is dying, it's his siblings.


  Its his mother for getting rid of the few things he had of them and asking him to be king.


  But ultimately if he wants to go to the root of it it was…


  …


  The fairy who cursed Mordechai. 


  Still, when his siblings left all he felt at first was anger, then resentment that eventually turned into resignation and finally hurt.


  Why did they all leave and not say anything? He wouldn't have stopped them if that was the case… or maybe he would have just so he wouldn't have to be in charge.


  Maybe that's why they never said anything.


  He squeezes Pasha who grumbles and he tries to relax.


  Better to not think about it anymore, its not like it matters, Peter will never see them again. Let alone get any answers about what happened.

 

  Pasha-


  He picks her up and tells her softly to be careful, she is sloppy and gets stuck in places.


  “Sowy” Smiling indulgently he lets her climb him.


  “No, no, i'm not mad, its so you don't get hurt” Her several eyes blink at him.


  “But brother said-” He lightly corrects her.


  “Well did you like to be hurt?” It gives her pause.


  “Nno? But its all Pasha has known if family is wrong… what does Pasha know really?” Her words get weird sometimes, but he appreciates her.


  “Well, you learn new things and… drop the ones you don't like i suppose” Do what i say not what i do.


  Peter can at least try and get her to have a better shot than him, its the least he can do.


  He hopes Elias likes her enough to keep her safe when he can't look after her anymore. Opal too, he knows he promised to look after them, but there is only so far Peter can go.


  So he gives her a cheerful smile that she tries to mimic.

 

  Elias seems to be charmed by her immediately and it makes him happy. It also…


  He sees him be kind towards her and it sort of makes something inside him feel warm, it makes him want more. When she plays and makes them hold her while celebrating its so…


  So much like dream?


  Of something he has only seen with other people but never him, never his family.


  ...A family?


  How…. ridiculous, one of the reasons he left was to not start one as a pawn, he doesn't have the time.


  His mother was practical, he was the only one left and he got the illness of the curse.


  The least he could do was marry and get a new heir to replace him before he dies.


  Family is only something of convenience, family are people who lie, leave or want to use you.


  But- But this feels different he supposes, maybe not a normal family by a long shot, but it is certainly something.

 

  Tim takes to her remarkably well, but he does need to make his point across, he does not wish any harm to befall her. 

 

  Peter wants to stay the night, at one point he would rather just turn around in bed and see Elias instead of knocking on the wall to make sure he is alive. It becomes harder to make himself leave and not just ask when they stay up late talking in his quarters, so, so hard to go. Elias just looks at him and he just….


  When he leaves with Pasha he sets her to bed and has to calm down.


  He wants many things when he sees Elias.


  None that he can ever admit.

 

  The cooking lesson was great, he caved in and managed to press himself against Elias back to give him the things in the taller shelves. Peter does wonder if he pressed forward-


  Nope!!!


  No, just.


  Calm down, its not going to happen and he doesn't-


  They are friends, perhaps that's also it. Elias has called them friends and it holds true, but Peter sees him and wants to either poke fun at him until he rambles about why he shouldn't- or just kiss him.


  And he reckons that's not something he should want as a friend.

 

  Helen is a menace.


  She knows he has a crush, Tim too, and she loves to poke fun at him. Particularly at saying that now with Pasha they look like a cute little family.


  He wants to chuck her at her door and lock it for eternity.


  Thankfully he cuts her off before she says it in front of Elias and Pasha.

 

  Bathing the little menace is a chore that leaves the two humans in the room all wet. Pasha is now secured on a towel playing around.


  Elias takes off his shirt and he lets out a bunch of embarrassed noises, the not human kind at the very least. Turning around he tries to hide his blush, but the image is imprinted on his brain, like the one of the man laying on the deck of the ship with his shirt open while they were coming here originally.


  He treasures that image a lot.


  The insistence on getting out of his wet clothes is… understandable, he just doesn't want to explain the tattoos or why they grew.


  Elias is not an idiot and he notices the difference, what he did not expect was to be touched so tenderly and carefully. 


  He did not expect to be complimented on it. Elias has no way to know that it is the proof of how long he has to live, about how long he has until it grows and consumes him, but he is so… honest with the compliment that it makes him weak.


  He lies of course and Elias-


  Believes him, the worst part will be when he finds out- He will hate him for it. For lying.


  So paranoid, yet with him-


  Peter looks down at the shorter man and wishes not for the first time that he didn't have so little time. He thinks that its unfair that its only these last few months that made him realize that he wants to live. 


  That perhaps there is a little bit more to life than he actually expected or knew. Shame it is too late.


  Pasha makes a sound and Elias quickly steps back and takes her with. Finishing drying himself a little bit more he goes out. The little changeling hadn't seen the marks yet.


  She knows what a curse looks like.

 

  It takes him hours to console her. She keeps crying out to him and saying that he promised.


  “Oh Pasha… i promised to look after you for as long as i could, i never lied”


  “Alone! Pasha will be alone again- wants Peter- loves- loves-ddda” He soothes her as much as he can. She ends up falling asleep while letting little hiccups and sobs.


  It actually hurts.


  Missy was right, caring about little ones is a difficult task.


  That line of thought leads to dangerous territory that he can't commit to right now.

 

  In the end he makes her promise not to tell Elias. She is grumpy and sad and says maybe he can help because he is smart!


  “I don't know the words of the curse Pash, without those there is nothing to be done. My late great grandfather died a week after being cursed and didn't manage to write them down”


  She complains and grabs him.


  “Unfair, unfair, foggy one- foggy one stay!” He holds her close.


  “I'm sorry”


  “Uwaah!” She cries again. Pasha stays with Elias and he is… thankful at first, because he thinks he only makes her miserable. But eventually…


  Peter is petty and quite honestly? A shitty person for several reasons.


  That Elias doesn't notice, doesn't mean he has stopped making people be lonely, it just… helps him he thinks. His magic wants it. 


  Peter leaves sometimes to see the people in town be happy and feel that familiar isolation, it brings him confort, even if it stings. It makes him think of a kind face leading him across the beach and afternoons in the forest. Something sweet in the misery, to know what he does not have.


  More importantly, he is jealous of Pasha for stealing Elias and that is such a horrible thing- Because she is not doing it out of any malice, she just… she is just having fun. Peter is the one with issues.


  That also turns into him thinking that perhaps… she would also be happier with Elias more than she is with him. Peter is certainly not great. Maybe he is just hurting them both? Elias still doesn't want to leave with him, no matter what. Pasha is sad with his presence now, but she also makes the little king happy when he can't.


  Its unfurating feeling like this over something so stupid.


  He wonders if this is how Elias felt about Tim.

 

  Pasha starts to turn into a child more often.


  He is woken up by a small little face peeking at him from the side. Her pupils are slitted, her ears are pointy and her teeth are sharp.


  Peter sighs, opens the covers and lets her climb inside. She glues herself to his side and purrs while letting several clicking noises.


  “Only this once ok?”


  “Mm”

 

  Its not only that one time.


  She… has nightmares of her own, the forest, her injury, Sasha’s own memories.


  Peter lets her sneak in bed and sleep close to him.


  It ends with little kicks during the night, but she looks more happy and Peter is… content with her presence. It feels nice to keep her safe.

 

  He also rants when he is alone, at the beach, at the room, she lets him talk and asks questions.


  “And he looked-”


  “Nice!! Lie is nice and pretty!!!”


  “Yes, very- no, wait. He is handsome, not pretty-!”


  “But isn't he pretty?” Peter stammers.


  “Well- i mean- i- yes? He is very pretty”


  “Yaaay”


  “He is also very fancy…”


  
  


  “So, stop ignoring your adopted changeling daughter,” Peter chokes, because what? Pasha isn't his daughter she-


  Elias stares him down.


  “She isn't-” 
  
    Oh god she is his daughter isnt she?
  


  He can almost hear Missy and Simon laughing at him.


  His face must be going through a journey, because Elias smiles, still he comes closer and grabs his face. He swallows and stiffens, but he is so close and-


  And it feels so good he ends up leaning into it without meaning too. He swears he saw even if for a second the man looked at his lips, but it must have been his own imagination.


  “You told me you adopted her, correct?” He nods, because he did. He just didn't think about what that meant in the long run.


  “Therefore she is your charge, your.. kid or responsibility in a way. Now I will help you look after her, we are friends after all, but you can't be mad about it-” Friends-


  Of course, heh, they just-


  Peter should not be dissapointed, he knows this is for the best. He will die, he cant make the man go through it either as a friend or- or lov-


  ….


  Clearly its only as friends, but he can dream!


  “I'm not mad about her going out with you-” He narrows his eyes and he has to think.


  “Im… bothered by you ignoring me to go alone with her… I have been trying to get you out for the past month and a half. Yet you refuse me- Did- did i do something wrong? Is it about Jane? I just….” Elias' face softens and he bites his lip in worry. Peter is hooked on that particular thing.


  “Its not you, im just being stupid. Im… upset about going out, feels like every time i do something tries to kill me. Pasha… helps. Its not that i don't want to, but i think of that week and remember going to town meeting Jane-! And, its- we talked in the old church and now I can only think of her there or in town and its awful and I don't want to mix it up with the time we went out-” Slowly Peter holds his wrists and pulls them down. Because they talked about it, but it still-


  It burns slightly, even more when he thinks about Jane- God she was with him at the church-


  It makes his blood boil, that she ruined that for him.


  He sighs but still holds his wrists, Elias' face is red with what he assumes must be embarrassment. Peter has no idea what to do, only offers what he can.


  “Im- i don't know what to say to help? But if you wish to go on your own then… do it, i can't force you otherwise, but know that i wouldn't mind going with. The reason why I insist on the tunnels… is because it bothers me that you decided to leave me behind-” That also… it still makes him sour for several reasons.


  “Its not nice knowing that someone left you on purpose and have no idea why. Its rather… lonely and hurts '' It hurts to admit, that it even bothered him that kind of thing, considering how he was raised, how his magic works, he should be used to it. It just… its complicated.


  “Im sorry, I didn't meant for it, its just… well i told you i got mad about you going with Tim, which is irrational-” And yet Peter is the same.


  “Just like me getting mad about you leaving with Pasha? I believe we are both being irrational” He makes a funny expression, but ultimately he nods.


  “Let's say we are both idiots?” Peter smiles cheerfully.


  “One more than the other?” He kicks his leg and Peter laughs, thats more like it.


  Elias joined in the laughter and… pressed his forehead to his chest, its making him very nervous so he pats his back, clearly he needs it. 


  “There there”


  “Peter?”


  “Mm? 


  “Do you… do you want to go to town next week? We can eat at the cafe with Pasha, its where they make that apple cake you like, or even the one we went before, Mariam is back” He lets out a breath and squeezes his shoulder. He wants to do it very much.


  “I would love to”


  Peter smiles like an idiot and a fool while his face gets more red.


  Even if its not how he wants… he will take any chance he can to enjoy himself until the end. 


  They end up talking and going to prank guards, Elias shows him the snow, but ultimately he thinks its more pretty with the man next to him.


  
  


  Peter asks Pasha why she uses the child form more with him. Apparently Elias commented that she usually uses the doll one unless they go to town.


  She is a blob now, Peter is fishing and she is just relaxing nearby.


  “...” When he turns, he sees her flatten to the ground.


  “Pasha?”


  “Make Timmy sad. So Pasha tries to be careful. Peter- Foggy one is nice with Pasha and he… he makes Pasha happy. Picks her up and plays. Eye too, but don't want to scare him off” She still seems slightly off, but he sighs and offers his hand as she climbs it.


  “Well little lady I do not mind what shape you take, you are very cool in whatever you choose to be, just because it's you” It is true, she is perfectly fine as whatever she chooses to be.


  “Oh…Foggy…. foggy one?”


  “Mm?” 


  “What if-” She cuts herself and bubbles up, he waits. The sound of the waves is the only thing keeping them company.


  “Nevermind, it is silly” He makes a non committed noise. Peter has to wonder.


  They spend the afternoon quietly and when he catches something she copies the fish, making him laugh while she flops and sings.

 

  Peter sneaks into town to get some clothes for Pasha, figuring he could get her something for herself instead of having Elias look for excuses to get her clothes. Plus he finds a store that sells dolls dresses so he gets a few. Using the excuse that its for his daughter to keep any suspicion out.


  She loves them. Purple seems to be a favourite, the hat to cover her ears has pom poms and Pasha keeps jiggling them enthralled.


  “See? Like any little girl around” She makes a strange face and goes to hug him tightly.


  “Thanks d-Peter” He hesitates and gives her a short hug.

 

  His money is not going to run dry, he has come to that conclusion a long while ago. Whatever blessing he got- It translated into always having cash no matter what. it just… never dwindles.


  It's sort of scary if he thinks about it.

 

  The days pass quickly, he helps Elias with mapping trade routes and tries to get him to calm down about the ring, it is actually startling that it keeps on getting more and more brighter. He is concerned about Elias losing it more than he already is with all the stress.

 

  Eventually its the weekend. Elias informs him about people thinking that they are Pasha’s parents and it causes him to start coughing. He feels the mist escape from his mouth. He-


  He likes that a lot- Fuck.


  But he lies and says its dumb, which cause his fit to become stronger. He sees the worry and Peter knows that if this worries him, to know the truth it would drive him mad.


  At home even if none of them were supposed to, they got to see their father waste away. He doesnt want that for them. Doesn't want to be stuck or pitied, or to let them be sad because of him. Peter wants to go away and not bring more misery than he already does by merely existing.


  It is his fault after all. If he could break the curse he would live, if he broke the curse Mooreland wouldn't be a foggy waste of a kingdom. If he was dead, Aaron could fix things once the curse got transferred to him, he knows it unfortunately, was told as much.


  How depressing is to live a life knowing that you are not the one they needed. By all means the only thing he is doing is keeping the entire place miserable. Why did mother never got rid of him-


  A flash of a friendly face saying-


  He lies to Elias and says its the cold, better than admitting the truth.

 

  Peter does not want Elias to dance with Maxwell Rayner. He would rather fling the man out of the window. His own child-


  Pasha laughs at him and Elias joins, but ultimately promises him a dance and calls him his hero. That does almost make him start another fit, but he barely manages to stop himself.

 

  Peter stares “Rising Sky Bakery” A very old memory of Lydia reading him a story called Rising Sky as a child makes him swallow. The coincidences never end huh?


  The place is lovely, there is a mix of comfort and loneliness that made him feel at home. Makes him think of sneaking in the kitchen with Missy at odd hours while baking some cookies.


  …


  Makes him recall sneaking out and seeing his siblings play or watch Lydia paint when she had the time. Not everything was bad, he thinks.


  Everything is nice and peaceful until he picks up the ship in the bottle that Pasha was poking.


  It was his.


  He made that and gave it to his sister as a gift. Never left a note, merely hid it in her room and never saw it again. Lydia never said anything and he would not say it either.


  If the bottle is here-


  The name of the cafe.


  Oh-


  Oh god no. He has to leave.


  When Pasha calls the “Foggy lady” he knows he is fucked. Whatever peace he had is now gone.


  Judith stares at him disbelievingly and he wants to ask, he wants to run.


  And Peter has always hated confrontations so he chooses the one that would hurt the least. Pasha, bless her tugs at him confusedly and asks him.


  “Dad? What's wrong?” Judith takes a sharp breath and Peter gets up not before patting Pasha in the head to reassure her. She looks scared and Elias worried, so he tries to calm her down.


  The way she called him dad, absolutely makes him want to pick her up. Its ridiculous and stupid and he-


  He will only have it for very little time.


  “Sorry little lady, I forgot something important, I will meet you both later, ok?”


  “Peter?” He has to go.


  “I- sorry. I will make it up to you i promise” 


  “Peter?” He tenses at her voice, so soft and haunted. So with all the hurt he feels, Peter gives her the most bleak and empty smile before telling one of the worst lies he has told. 


  
    “I'm sorry, but I don't think I know you. And… i don't believe i would want to” 
  


  She steps back looking white as a sheet, its as if someone had forced him to swallow lava, his insides are now on fire and all he feels is pure pain. He can't stop himself from coughing it all out.


  His ears are ringing and he can barely hear his sister gasp and say no. She knows- 


  “Peter? No, no you shouldn’t ever be-” Ignoring everyone he pushes through and goes.


  He has to be alone. He coughs and hears a distorted sound, the people around don't seem to notice him at all. In fact they all seem to slowly dwindle until he is moving alone in the street.


  Its when he can't breath that he collapses at the entrance of an alleyway. He cant stop, the words burned a hole in his lungs and he can't keep going-


  Peter is going to die now.


  …


  …


  It takes time, but it stops slowly. Enough that he can hear and see between his blurred eyes, the place around him. Still alone, still surrounded by fog, but alive.


  Painfully alive.


  He slumps against the wall, its calm until rustling makes him look around, a box with a note and in there-


  Something mewls weakly and he struggles but moves closer.


  There is a small kitten in it, white with light brown spots, he seizes the note. By the time he finishes reading it he was grabbing the cat who tried its best to ward him off. Peter pulls him closer to him to keep him warm.


  Clearly they didn't leave him long ago, otherwise it would have died due to the cold.


  “...God dammit” He takes him with. His mind is still reeling so he goes to where he knows he can be alone. The animal bites him lightly and he pets him out of nervous energy. It seems to like it since it nuzzles his fingers.

 

  Peter is reeling, what… What are they doing here? Why? 


  And isn't that the crux of the matter? 


  Why?


  Why leave, why come here, why did you never said anything-


  And, and can he even be mad about it? 


  …


  He reaches the church, enters and just slumps inside, he lets the cat on his lap while he tries to think and not start coughing again. The fog starts to fill up the place and he knows now that it was him at home doing that too. 


  The thing is, he can't be mad at them. They weren't exactly close, the fear that closenes would kill them, made known by their mother, kept them away. Or at least it kept him away, the others seemed happy to spend time with each other.


  Knowing that being together outside of the mandated times would get them grounded put him off. Their childhoods were spent stealing moments with each other and running away from each other.


  There was no other way.


  And yet.


  Judith asked to play with him along with Aaron.


  Lydia let him sneak around to see her paint in silence.


  Clara would explain outloud how to treat injuries and use a sword when she practiced in the gardens.


  Its not as if they hated him, he didn't hate them either, he just didn't understand them and was scared of being punished.


  Then-


  They also didn't like Missy even if she tried to be kind and that made him upset at them, because she tried so hard and was always nice to him. He could see it made her sad, but when he said something she told him it was ok, that she would rather have them getting along than him being mad for something silly.


  “If you feel something you should always say it Peter. Sometimes its the best thing we can do'' He didn't understand, still doesnt. Well, he gets now why they were so… against her, but even so, she never gave them reason to. At least he thinks Missy tried her best to make him play with them when they had the chance.


  Still its… its awful.


  Knowing that perhaps they really never liked him? Did they pity him? Did he do something besides being an antisocial bastard?


  Why, why, why.


  He ignores anything odd, ignores the feeling of something running down his face and just cleans it roughly. He is not a child.


  Hasn't been for a long time.


  But… it still burns.


  His magic is acting up uncontrollably due to his mood and it also… tries to soothe him. It feels familiar and it aches to know why.


  He doesn't want it.


  Not after what happened. Not after being tricked into turning into something he didn't wish to be. By all means, he should just… end things quickly, Save everyone the time and effort. And it would be so easy, so, so unfairly easy. Peter just could climb the bell tower and drop off.


  The curse passes to Aaron, he would be gone and wont see Elias be mad or sad.


  He just needs-


  Something small climbs him, he looks down, the abandoned cat is playing with his sweater. They left him for being small.


  Useless like him he supposes.


  It gnaws at his clothes in a battle and shivers. He sort of-


  Peter picks him carefully between his hands, its tiny nose scrunches up and sneezes. 


  His lips turn up and a small chuckle escapes, soon it turns hysterical. Through his breakdown the cat merely plays and purrs. 


  He closes his eyes and just… holds him. This small tiny life.


  If Peter just dies now the animal will die as well, too far away from town and too cold with the snow. He would doom them both. It would be unfair.


  So he gets up and starts to walk out, hopefully he can find the others.


  …


  Or maybe they find him, he didn't take into account his magic becoming so corrosive in the state he was in, enough that he would leave Elias and Pasha paralized by it. They are both on the ground hugging each other and mumbling apologies.


  The strike of guilt and utter wrongness make his stomach churn, he doesn't want them to be like this. Pasha should be happy, Elias should be smug. Not… this.


  So he comes closer and hopes he can distract them enough. He shows them the cat and that-


  Seems to be enough to surprise them out of the fog’s effect.


  “Back, you came back, Pasha thought-” Peter kneels down and places the cat on her hands and wraps himself around them, they were all freezing. He was going to die regardless so his rule to keep himself away was nonsense. He should enjoy this for as long as he can, he owes himself that.


  Elias curses him lightly, and Peter wants to shut him up with a kiss.


  “You-”


  
    “Sorry” 
  
  Its the only thing he can say, even if its not or will never be enough. Peter just sort of lies against them enjoying their presence and keeping them warm. It calms him down enough that the fog recedes, being close to them does that he thinks. How… peculiar.


  “What happened?” He sighs against his neck, what does he say? Peter feels like hell.


  “Peter? Are you sick?” He laughs mirthlessly what a wonderful question, Pasha whines, and he can tell the undertone of fear from it. She doesn't like him like this, it scares her. Elias too.


  “Yeah… you could say that….” It takes some time, trying to find the words “ She- its… complicated” 


  “I try to not ask too much, but Peter this is not normal, what happened?” He hesitates, how much can he say? Will he ask her? Look for answers? Find out who he really is?


  Thats the other thing. Peter is the prince but he escaped, his mother must have put a reward. And even if he trusts Elias… even if he came clean and told him his status, what does it matter? He dies in the end no matter what. And he doesnt… he doesnt want him to only care because he is a prince. He wants...


  “Its-” He has to stop and hold him tighter, he wants him to stay like this. Eventually he sighs and slumps “Family, I suppose. Or was, I don't want them-” He starts to cough. “I don't care about them-” He shivers and Elias just pushes him back and holds his face, making him let out a punched out breath at the look on his face, Pasha pets the cat and tries to touch Peter too making him blink several times and swallow.


  “If you miss them, but they hurt you, it's ok. I do that with my mother a lot” Peter snorts and feels his mouth wobble.


  “Pasha misses her siblings…. but they hurt Pasha too! Peter has us!!! we care for you foggy dad” Peter snorts and can't hold it together anymore, maybe he never did. The only thing he knows is that Elias pulls him closer and lets him be, for as long as he needs. Pasha climbs to his lap and hugs his middle.


  He has them huh?


  If only it was that simple.

 

  They go back.


  Elias gets the healers to check on him along with food for the cat and him. He lovingly names him Captain. They talk and despite everything…


  He doesn't want them to have to run off. So he asks the man to not get involved, its for the best.


  They fall asleep on his bed all four of them, Elias, Pasha, Captain and him. And its-


  He wakes up with Pasha as a child glued to him, with the other man holding him from the back and with the cat that he sort of always wanted to have near his face. It seizes his chest, it feels nice, like something he would love to keep.


  it is not for him to have.


  Peter was never supposed to have anything.

 

  He stays sick for a week and a half, in which he learns that making Tim and Elias hang out was a bad idea if it meant having to deal with architecture talk.


  Helen has fun watching him squirm and when they are alone she scolds him and tells him to let Elias and Tim know.


  “How long until it really hits you? How much has it spread already?” The tattoos on his arms grew and reached his shoulders. The ones in his legs are reaching his hips already. Peter is unsure.


  “I will leave before that, sail in the middle of the night if i have to” She frowns and tries to make him recapacitate but its not help.


  “Turn then! Maybe it will buy you time, i can get you the fairy food needed you are already close enough” It fucking hurts to hear.


  “I don't want to! I never wanted to in the first place, she gave it to me and never intended to tell me until it was too late-!”


  “Then she loved you enough to try and save you, its the only reason I can think why its spreading so slowly, in any other human you would have died months ago, it gave you resistance to the magic of the curse. Maybe it buys more time to try and break it”


  “I don't know the words Helen!! Mordechai never got to write them down, he got so sick so quickly he never was able to- Without those i can't know what to do, cant even try and get another fairy to change the terms of it!!” They have this conversation often.


  Her shape loses meaning.


  “I don't know how to help” And she actually sounds heartbroken by it.


  “Its ok, its not your fault. And… I would like to at least go, still being a little bit human if possible. I hope you understand” She swallows and her hair turns gray, her entire shape goes dull.


  “I do, more than anyone. I hope you know what you are doing deary, you will leave many broken hearts when the time comes”


  Its what he is afraid the most.

 

  The illness eventually breaks, Elias teases him and he relents saying he… misses his siblings somewhat. That it hurts that they left without explaining why.


  He feels better and in two days he is given the all clear from the healers who seem relieved.


  He doesn't know what the hell happened.

 

  Time passes and the closer they get to the festival the more nervous Elias is. At the same time… Peter feels more and more guilty about the lies.


  About letting Elias think that he is fine, about who he is.


  About his siblings.


  It… piles up.


  It makes him act off.


  They all notice of course, the mistake of being close to someone is that now they know his tells.


  Pasha clings to him and cries often.


  “I dont- i dont want you dead. Pasha wants- Pasha wants Peter alive, wants her- her dad-” It fucking crushes him to hear her. The loneliness she feels is delicious and he wants to punch himself from feeling good about it.


  So he reassures her as best as he can.


  “I'm sorry, you won't, Elias will look after you, he cares, so does Tim and Helen, Pash even if I'm gone…. you won't be alone i swear”


  “Lie, lie its all lies-!” Still she hugs him and he can't help but to pick her up and hold her close too. It tires him out, but he doesn't want her to be like this.


  Eventually Elias corners him again, he has to hide his fond smile. He asks about going to see the fairies and he frowns, he wants to, but he has to stop. The closer they become…. the harder it will be.


  “Perhaps we should… just leave it i dont think its for the best-” Elias frowns back at him.


  “I just-” He hesitates but seems resolved all of a sudden “You are acting odd and I'm worried” It startles him, Elias is usually less direct, more propense to do several machinations or mind games, so the bluntness gets him.


  “I- um” The shorter man puts a hand on his arm.


  “Pasha is worried too… Tim and Helen keep asking me if I did something. So... You tried to help me when I was acting odd. I just want to do the same” Looking up at him he speaks more softly. “Please let me help?” And god, its so unfair.


  He struggles on what to say, Peter wants to, but it will just… it will lead to a more bitter end eventually. Still he gives him such an earnest look that he cant help to agree with resignation. He will regret this all later he knows.


  “Sure” He looks amused at him for some reason.


  “Which pocket is the Captain in?” Peter hums and puts his hand on his coat pulling out the cat who tries to bite Elias at first. Rolling his eyes the man lifts him and kisses his tiny head. It paws at him, but ends up giving up and purrs while rubbing its nose against his cheek.


  Its honestly adorable.


  “Rude little one” He pokes him.


  “Has spirit, reminds me of someone…” Elias tilts his head, just the way he does and Peter's smile turns more genuine. 


  “Someone who likes to watch and fight me little siren” He pokes his cheek and laughs.


  Elias pouts and flushes, but eventually pats his chest to lean down so he goes expecting him to say something. He did not think he would kiss his cheek. 


  “Sweet of you, now here” He returns the cat to him “I need to settle some things before my court starts a brawl” 


  Elias walks away and while Peter holds the cat and his burning cheek with his other hand in wonder and yearning, he wants so much….

 

  Pasha has a tummy ache, he has to assume its the nerves of everything around just getting to her. But no matter what, none of them could help her.


  It sets him on edge to see her in pain.


  Mostly because… well, she tells Elias it's just some tummy ache, but at night she curls up making herself smaller and makes muffled pained sounds. Almost as if she didn't want to admit how much it actually hurt.


  He asks her, but she denies it later saying its nothing. But he is sure its not nothing as she claims.


  
  


  Peter never had a snowball fight.


  Never played in the snow.


  So.


  This was something new and exciting, he could at least put it off his list of things to do before dying at the very least. He had so much fun just messing with everyone by using the fog to confuse them and throw snow on their backs.

 

  The fairies are as always little monsters that love to tease him and say cryptic stuff in the most inconvenient moments possible.


  Plus insist on the consort thing and it makes his brain go stupid, Elias always looks so scandalized it set him off.


  Still they stay there in silence. When the man asks if he wants to rest, and more or less implies lying on his lap he struggles between saying yes and rejecting it. Eventually he manages to keep himself under wraps.


  Its after a while with his mood going down that he notices the fog and Elias looking more dazed and upset. So he apologizes and ponders about why now it affected him.


  The dig at the magic of the tunnels reminds him of him going off alone and it sours him. In the end he relents and accepts the offer to sleep, wants to just… relax.

 

  Once he is awake, Elias offers a flower crown and it makes him nostalgic, that also makes him sad, but he shakes it off. They talk more and he admits about being upset regarding his siblings, not wanting to go deeper into all the other reasons that had been piling up.


  Knowing he can't because they also are affected by the fog magic is a relief, because now he can't know his secrets unless he asks them, and so far it seems he is trying not to. Which also makes him feel glad.


  The conversation about marriage… it was something he needed to do. Peter ran off because of it, Elias… did not want to, but would for the good of the kingdom. It was… 


  …


  It made him feel angry.


  Not at him, or maybe a little, but perhaps at the insane idea.


  That maybe, just maybe in any other world, he could have just… told him. About who he really is. But in that world, if he wasn't cursed he would have never left Mooreland.


  It stands to reason that they would have never even met.


  So with what little he has on earth he would take it as it is.


  
  


  Peter talks with the fairies later when he feels less…. bad.


  They suggest a nice location to show Elias the day of the festival during the night. 


  “Want to woo the king!!”


  “Yes, woo him. woo him!!


  “Kiss! and love! And marry. Already gave him his crown!!”


  “He has a crown!”


  “Borrowed, you are king twice over”


  “Never got to become king, i'm still a prince” He escaped before the ceremony.


  “Nonsense” The faeries poke him.


  “She chose you as his!! You are the prince just take your spot, become king and marry the little curious one”


  “Kiss and loveeee” One of them spins in a circle.


  “It will make everything ok!”


  “For you-”


  “For him-”


  “For everyone in between-”


  The little fungus fae shakes his head.


  “Ignore them, they speak nonsense. Now go to-”


  
  


  With a surprise destination in hand he feels more at ease.


  …


  Pasha ate the ring.


  God dammit.


  “Pasha-”


  “Sorry- sorry it hurt too much, Pasha felt like her tummy was on fire, will return she swears, she doesn't want the gift to be lost” He is worried about her statement regarding her feeling like it was on fire, a lot, but he gets sidelined about the gift thing.


  “He told you-”


  “Said it was the first gift Peter gave that was not a flower, Lie treasures it lots and lotses” Oh.


  He blushes and smiles.


  “He did?”


  “Yes, says Peter is fun too, plus had a nice face” He blanks out.


  “He thinks i'm fun?” No one thinks he is fun. Huh, his smile goes stupid.


  “Nice” He is too distracted and doesn't notice her shape shivering and bubbling up weirdly. By the time he turns to her again she seems fine.

 

  Later that day she gives him a drawing.


  “Lias says to show you, he promises to hang it!!!” Its rather childish, but its also…


  “Oh? I like it very much, what do you call it” She blinks and looks at it with a very serious look.


  “Family” Peter stops working for 3 seconds, but then picks her up and speaks softly.


  “I like it Pasha, its very nice” She smiles at him and hugs his neck.


  “Care for you!” He laughs and looks at her tiny face. She has Elias eyes now, along with Helens curly hair.


  “Yeah… me too Pash” 

 

  She wants to see the festival and despite his concerns about meeting any of his siblings… he actually wishes to see it, from the castle it looks so… lively and happy. He has never seen something like it before.


  Elias is unsure but the woman… What was her name? Rose? Yes whatever, insists they can handle anything. So the man relents in the most amusing way possible. They all dress up, get Tim who actually looked like he wanted to sneak away and go off to town and they go


  It was even more impressive than he thought.


  The colors and people… it was all so-


  Joyfull.


  It was such a change with what he knew, that it made him feel lonely even surrounded by the lights and cheer of the people around,it was like watching someone else's life while knowing that it was not meant for you.


  It was so overwhelming, the disconnect was so much that he almost felt like disappearing. When he starts to go down that, Elias grabs his arm and leads them around, while going to different shops.


  Eventually they end up taking Pasha to play, but she seems almost scared, so after Elias talks with her he picks her up and asks her what is wrong.


  “... Too many kids, Pasha is not- not human, don't know what to copy-” He hums.


  “Its ok, you have Sasha’s memories right maybe-”


  “No, no, Pasha wants…. I want to have my own memories, I want to make my own. Not use hers” Peter is puzzled by the change, but he won't put pressure on her and make her feel bad, if she wants to tell them she will.


  “Ok… ok that's perfectly understandable then” He has to think, but its not hard to reason.


  “How about we play with you instead?” She nods and grabs him tight, before going to run off with Tim, who looked concerned too.


  He more or less tells Elias what he knows when he asks, plus something she told him before about adults being easier to mimic for good measure. They talk more and they both admit to liking the festival.


  Albeit perhaps for different reasons.

 

  Pasha calling them dads always makes something in him act up, he is unsure what it is, but it feels… nice. How odd. Elias' reaction to her question worries him, but once he sees the place he lets her be.


  He wont push, since he has done the same for him, but he wants to… what?


  Ask? Get more invested?


  He doesnt think its possible at this rate.


  Peter’s crush got out of hand and its driving him insane.

 

  They split up, he was talking with Elias when he gets the acute feeling of-


  He stops, notices that Elias did it as well and looks around.


  Something familiar, something like home-


  Something like the fog wanting and screaming at him to go back, to please go back Peter-


  His ears ring and he shakes his head asking Elias what's wrong, even if he feels something off himself.


  “Thought i saw something, but it must be the ice reflecting on something” Peter shrugs and they continued. Maybe it was him. Perhaps his magic is acting up with all the people around and its messing with him.

 

  They eat peacefully and eventually meet up with Tim and Pasha, but Elias unfortunately has to leave. The little changeling yelling bye dad to the man while on his shoulders, makes him flush, his little siren seems to do the same and he hears Tim snicker like the bastard he is.


  Family...

 

  The light show its impressive.


  A river of light that starts once a single lantern floats up from the castle all directly to the water. The three of them look mesmerized at it. Its beautiful, Pasha squeals in delight and he hears Tim being awed.


  Peter is too, but he thinks it would be better with the little king.


  He wonders if maybe the next time he could get Elias to stay with them and see it-


  Oh-


  Peter blinks.


  
    Oh
  


  He swallows, Peter is such a bloody idiot. Even if for a moment he forgot himself, he wanted to-


  …


  He wanted to see this next year with them, with Elias, even if by then he should be gone. He really is a stupid man.

 

  Pasha falls asleep on the way back.


  “So you and the king-”


  “Tim….”


  “What? Its cute, i didn't see it before, but i'm thinking that perhaps you actually have a chance, plus you… all sort of make a cute family” He moves Pasha and sighs.


  “Its not going to happen Tim”


  “Look, I think maybe you are not giving yourself credit, plus… the staff likes you, or likes that you make Elias less of a…. workaholic shut in” He has to breathe to calm himself down.


  “We will see” Its enough to satisfy him. Peter also doesn't want to tell him.


  Like Elias the man would go mad trying to figure out a way to help, he already is doing it to try and figure out a way to help his brother.


  Peter wanted to have a simple and forgettable life.


  And yet-

 

  Gifts and cake.


  He-


  …


  He only remembers very few things being gifted to him.


  From Missy, Simon, Titania and his siblings.


  Small things that could be explained away.


  The cake and the clothes, it actually moves him.


  Peter wants to return the favour so he leads him to the ship and takes him to the cliff. He can feel the magic and knows that they were correct. This was the spot.


  Elias sits next to him and he can tell he wants to ask, but he hushes him. 


  It is worth it.


  The face of pure childish wonder he makes at the music and the lights sort of maybe makes him want to kiss it.


  Oh, he loves h-


  His jaw clenches and he breathes out.


  No.


  He can’t.


  It would not be fair to either of them.


  He has known since he thought about seeing the festival again with him, Peter is a god damn fool. So he smiles even if its bitter and sad. 


  What a shame it really is, that he finally found reasons to want to live and yet knows that he cant do a thing to stay.

 

  Still he is selfish and asks if he wants to sleep on the ship knowing that there is still one bed. Elias says yes and he is relieved.


  He shouldn't.


  But he is.


  Its weird he thinks, so long ago this was merely odd and confusing, now?


  Now he wants nothing more than to do this as much as he can.


  He holds him close and Elias relaxes. Peter was almost asleep when he felt him tense, so in an effort to help he squeezed and nuzzled his head a little, it made him slowly go limp.


  He wants to say… that this is perhaps the best birthday ever, he never wants to go back home. 


  Because… maybe just maybe this could be it.


  And what a shame it is, that he will never get to have it for himself. That this will be the only thing he can hope for.


  That if Elias ever liked him, like he does, he would have to say no. Because he would rather save him from the pain of what his death would bring.


  Peter will die the same way he lived, pointlessly and alone.


  Not having accomplished anything beyond hurting every last person around that may have cared about him.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Pasha, didn't have a name before.

  Just one more changeling in the forest, meant to be exchanged for a human child eventually, to replace them and steal their lives. 

  But it was curious and the woman-

  She was scared, she touched 
  
    it 
  
  by accident, giving 
  
    it 
  
  her memories.

  Too many of them. It was young, too small and not fit for the memories of a full adult.

  So it overwhelmed her.

  ...

  She was Sasha, but Sasha was kind, Sasha was curious and cared about others. She would have cared about the human that got replaced.

  …

  She looked for her in the forest, yet somehow she made it out, so notSasha went to look for her and when she found her attempted to give back what she stole, like she knew the woman would do.

  Yet the humans with her injured her in her attempt to help, they ran her off and she left afraid and ashamed. When she tried to go back, weak, hurt and scared her siblings shut her out. Miss Nikola tsked at her and told her that she was now spoiled, but to not worry, she would fix her right up!

  And Sasha didn't want to lose herself, didn't want to go back to being just one more of the group, she had tasted what it meant to be a person and wanted to keep it.  She knew what she was missing.

  So she escaped.

  But Miss Nikola’s words ringed in her ears.

  “You cant run forever child!!! We will bring you back home and fix you right up for the celebration, we need all hands in deck-”

  Sasha did not want that.

  She was alone and scared for so long, it was a wonder she made it so far from the forest. Her kind is weak when they can't turn and she was hungry and lost. An easy target.
 
  Humans are lucky, she thinks, or not always, they are weak and magic can easily hurt them, but fae can also be hurt, with fire, with iron and with the wrong choice of words they can be easily defeated.

  But no, that's now why she thinks they are lucky.

  They are, because they can grow, they can be more and not be constricted by their natures like them, they can find loopholes to their loopholes, can live happy lives, can love freely-

  NotSasha can't do that.

  She is trapped in her own nature, even if she wants nothing more than to change it. Ironic that a creature that lives with change cannot modify something so fundamental to themselves on purpose.
 
  The human was kind-

  Saved the pixie, saved the man. Killed the awful rot.

  Smelled like magic and like fae.

  
    Smelled like home.
  

  So she clung to him and followed, hoping that either he helped her or killed her quickly, notSasha was tired and sad. She was afraid more than anything, of being weak, of being useless or perhaps having ruined herself. Of being ripped away from the only thing that had brought her joy, she would rather die being herself than go back to being no one at all in the forest.

  But the man was kind and he gave her-

  He gave the thing that was notSasha and that had never been anything else before its own name. As if she was a real person.

  It almost makes her cry.

  It did make her cry.

  
    Then he gives her Elias.
  

  
    Lie, Eye, her Lias, her dad.
  

  
    They are both her dads.
  

  And he knows her and it hurts and its scary. But he is also nice and worried and hurt like her.

  He likes her a lot and so does Peter and it is so… it makes her so, so happy to be cared for. No one had cared for her like this. For Sasha yes, but not for 
  
    her
  
  .
 
  Still, Pasha is scared that they could hurt her, even if by now she knows they wont, knows they care and would look after her. They look worriedly at her and speak softly and give her things and she thinks its too good sometimes that maybe they do it because she was Sasha, because she holds her memories.

  But…. They seem to like her for herself, even if she doesn't know very well who she is yet.

  She was never supposed to ponder that, to want a single life.

  Tim hates her with reason, but he also-

  He is not like her brothers hurting her to get her to toughen up, he is mad and upset, but when she starts to cry he stops and just… holds her with a surprised expression.
 
  Pasha wants.

  Wants…. something that she doesn't know how to get, or maybe she does.

  She sees Elias and Peter play with her, being nice and it-

  It makes her want them.

  Sasha was an only child but she loved her parents.

  Pasha wants parents. Wants someone to care about her and love her, like the memories she has.

  But when she pictures them its not Sasha's mom and dad that she wants, it's Elias reading to her, its Peter letting her sleep next to him and reassure her when she has bad dreams.

  Its Tim playing games like what she thinks a brother does, its Helen babysitting her and calling herself her aunt.

  Its everything she wants.
 
  What Pasha wants but can't ever be.

  Is to be a little girl for real.

  To actually be the little girl that Elias takes to eat at the cafe.

  To be the daughter that the foggy lady says she is.

  To be the kid that Peter takes out to play and lets sleep in his bed when she has nightmares because she is scared.

  To be a little sister, a niece, a daughter. 

  She wants to be real.

  Pasha wants to be loved and cherished.

  Wants this life to be kept and preserved.

  Wants to never, ever be alone again.

  Wants Elias to call her princess and dear, wants Peter to 
  
    live.
  

  
    Wants him and Elias to marry and adopt her for real.
  

  She wants that so much it hurts her.

  Because it does hurt her, she is going against her nature and… it is killing her.

  She knows it is.

  Pasha can't be a little girl, can't have that life, can't grow up like a human does.

  Her tummy aches with the pain of going against herself. Of not feeding and terrorizing like she should, of not eating the memories of Sasha but preserving them instead to be returned. She struggles to not munch on them, to let them be, but its hard.

  And she is hungry.

  Some of them have gone faded, faces that she knew are now blurry, if she doesnt stop by the time she finds her again, there won't be anything left to give. But if she feeds from another person-

  The memories would be replaced.

  They would be gone too.

  The ring…. the object has memories attached to it, it was cherished, it was loved and a story remains there. But more importantly those aren't from a living human so she eats it, it's enough to keep her satiated. Enough to not let Sasha’s memories be digested.

  To keep her well for a little longer, to trick her body into thinking that she is complying with what she is. That she isn't going against her very own nature.

  But eventually…. it won't be enough, she will need more.

  And no one will be able to help.

  Maybe Miss Nikola was right and she could fix her.

  But… she doesn't want to forget.

  Doesn't want to lose them.

  Because… what would be left?

  She wouldn't want her to keep the ones with Elias, Peter and the rest. Those would be taken too, to make her a blank space again, to let her start over and do what she is supposed to do.

  But she cant.

  Can't forget them, she loves them. More than anything.

  So even if it kills her… she wants to stay with them, wants to be Pasha until the end, wants to live her life, short as it might be, with the people she loves, 
  
    with the family she made
  
  .

  She doesn't want to die alone. But she doesn't want them to be sad either. Pasha doesn't know what to do, but she is a changeling, and they are human, her life is less, they will be sad, but surely they wont mourn her long.

  With that in mind she curls up and waits for the morning to come, waits for Peter and Elias to come back from their “date” she knows that's what Peter really wanted it to be. She will return the ring and hope she won't burn out quickly.

  She was promised a dance with her dads and wants to last until then. Wants that to be the last happy memory she has before slipping away like smoke between their fingers.

  Wants to be a princess for real, just once, before her life burns away.

  Pasha wants to stay with her family until the end.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Elias wakes up with his face pressed to Peter’s neck. At some point during the night he must have turned around and they ended up holding each other. He hears light snoring, so the man is still out of it thankfully. It gives him time to move a little bit and watch him up close.


  Peter was relaxed, his face had no worries and he looked… peaceful. Elias could see a few freckles across his cheeks and he was tempted to trace them. Instead he sighs and bites his lip, he is so close…


  Elias is face to face with the sailor, he looks down to his lips and he just wants-


  Just a press of the lips...


  But, ultimately he ends up going back to where he was when he woke up. With his cheek pressed against the neck of the man. Elias would love nothing more than to wake him up with a kiss, hell, to wake up like this every time.


  But he cant-


  He just can't, no matter what, he wants to keep him in his life and if things go poorly the least he could do, the kindest thing he could ever do for him or Pasha-


  Would be to let them go.


  If the Prince comes back and he can't stop him, he won't have anything for them to fall back into….


  It was early, early enough that he did not want to think about it, to think of all the ways they could be hurt. He just… wanted to enjoy himself.


  For this day, this free day, Elias wanted to be able to relax, enjoy and not think about all the ways that things can go wrong, about how everything may fall apart. So with a brush of his lips against Peter’s neck he closes his eyes and decides to sleep more.


  All his problems will be there when he goes back to the castle.


  Now? Now he has Peter right where he wants him to be. Where he wishes he could stay.

 

  Later he wakes up to an empty bed, its… understandable but it still leaves a holein his chest.


  When he gets up and puts on his now dry coat he goes to find the man. He was outside, they were far closer to the kingdom again. He waves and Peter smiles at him.


  “I will set the anchor and we can have breakfast, just wanted to leave us closer. You can go back to change and get some more warm clothes. Then we can spend the rest of the day off. Plus I want to check on Pasha, she was sort of down yesterday. She felt pretty bad about eating the ring”


  Yes that, he almost forgot in his… wandering. Plus yesterday was so nice with all of them… even if Tim was hanging around.


  He can admit he is not that bad, plus he is good with Pasha, which is a plus in his book. The reminder of the ring, makes him think of how bright it had been, how… close the prince is, it makes his mood go down immediately. Peter must notice because he shuffles awkwardly and attempts to guide him to the small kitchen space to eat. Apparently he already made some food, it just needs to be heated off a little.


  Elias eats and tries to go back to his more relaxed state, but the pressure of having the prince close by and not being able to know if he is making his way to the castle leaves him tightly coiled.


  “Hey, it will be fine, I swear. I can make him disappear if you want” He waggled his eyebrows and Elias snorted. That would be something.


  “Or make him depressed perhaps, don't think that would be very useful” The sailor makes an odd face and laughs nervously.


  “Yes, well that's… true, heh, disappear…” He gives him an odd look and he shrugs. Still he does manage to make him forget about the ring once he starts to talk about maybe try to ice skate like Pasha did the day before.


  Elias goes blank.


  “Like i never saw something like that, clear by the fact it didn't snow back home, but she looked like she was having fun. Again you could just laugh at me for falling on my ass if you want-” His breathing relaxes and surmises he means only in the frozen iced ground, not on water.


  “Yes, that- you would probably fall flat on your face knowing you, cant see you be that graceful on ice” Peter looks affronted.


  “I can manage on a wet ship when it rains, I think ice is not that bad!” Grinning, he punches his arm lightly and shakes his head.


  “Oh it's far worse than you think” Time passes like that.

 

  Once they reach land Elias, feeling brave, links their arms and they go to the castle. Peter is oddly quiet but he doesn't seem to be upset, merely… thoughtful. When he stares too long the man turns to him and lifts the corner of his mouth in amusement. 


  He looks to the front and ignores the warmth on his cheeks.


  In his room he takes a bath and picks warm outfits fit for the weather. When he is done, he goes to knock on the room next door and hears muffled talk. Curious he listens.


  “Pasha-”


  “I'm sorry!! Mm so sowy, did not meant to ruin it-”


  “No, no shhh, you didn’t i promise” Elias now worried knocks on the door, it takes a few seconds but Peter tells him to come in. When he does what he notices is a… purple thing on the floor.


  “What-”


  “She puked” Pasha whines and tries to escape his hands. Elias comes close and tries to pick her up , but she becomes less solid and tries to sneak under Peter’s sweater.


  “No, no, come here young lady, what happened?”


  “Pasha felt bad so she puked, ring is back too” Elias blinks and Peter points to the desk, he sees the ring glow intermittently, when he picks it up he realizes that it's less often.


  The prince… was going away? That actually takes out a load out of his back. If he leaves then… then they are ok? Is he not interested in the kingdom?


  Does he not want to come back home??


  While he smiles thinking about it and celebrates in his mind, he hears gagging. When he turns Peter is holding Pasha who lets out more purple stuff fall to the floor.


  “Mm sowy dad, mmsowy, Pasha wanted you to be happy, happy birthday, Pasha bad” Oh, Elias feels immediately bad, he was more preoccupied for the ring than the fact that the little changeling was clearly sick.


  “Oh dear, did you eat anything funny yesterday? Was it the cold?” He puts his hands on top of the sailor’s who jolts but lets him touch the little shadow on his hand.


  Pasha was warm, far more than usual.


  “Are you… you are sick?”  She bubbles up and eyes appear blinking rapidly.


  “Nnno NO! Pasha fine, Pa- Im fine, im fine, tummy hurt and ring made it better, but Pa- but i got greedy and didn't take it off soon, so it made it weird” Elias finds it strange the way she was trying so hard to speak, but focuses on the basics.


  “Ok, so it was an overload of magic then? You ate too much of it?” Could it be malfunctioning instead?


  “Nno, no magic, ring is old, was treasured, had old memories, Pash- I was chewing on them, but I ate too much. Mm sorry, sorry, will stay with aunty Helen, please have fun. P- I want you to have fun” Peter looks at him and Elias shrugs.


  “Its your birthday and price Peter dont give me that look” 


  “Fine, do you think we can bring her along?” He slowly plucks her from his hands and cradles her against his chest.


  “I can check her out first in the tower, give her some herbs to help her out, should settle her better, you wanted to spend the day on the ship?” He sees him nod and fiddle with his sleeves.


  “Yes, and come back for dinner, apparently Helen and Tim were adamant about it” He does a quick check up around the castle with his sight. What he sees makes him want to smile, but he elects to keep his face neutral to not ruin the surprise later.


  “I see, well then I suppose we can take this little one on an adventure then” Pasha wines and makes sticks like arms rugging at his clothes.


  “Nno, have fun, Pasha will ruin stuff-” He traces a finger lightly on her, making her shiver.


  “You are sick princess, you stayed around to keep us company when we got sick, we should do the same don't you think?” She looks at him and struggles.


  “But, but Peter was happy to spend time with you, Pasha doesn't want to ruin it-” Elias raises his eyebrows and can't help but grin, Peter coughs.


  “I did not say such a thing-” He gets a short coughing fit and he can see him flustered.


  “Oh?”


  “Shut up. Listen Pasha we said we would look after you, now i will clean this up and the little Siren will check on you ok?” Its his turn to be flustered since she makes a questioning noise.


  “Lie is a siren?” Her eyes go wide.


  “Nno, he is being dumb, its a nickname, like princess. Lets go and we can meet up outside later ok?” Peter nods and goes to look for something to clean up. Elias strts to walk out but Pasha asks if they can get her gift for Peter too.


  “Least i can do” He lifts her to his face and after considering the logistics of it, he presses his cheek against her.


  “Do not ever think we will be mad at you for getting sick, its not your fault, we will still go but now you can tag along, that way its the three of us celebrating Peter’s birthday” She pulses and whispers very softly, so much in fact that he almost misses it.


  “Like a family” His chest burns and he takes a punched out breath.


  Something Elias never considered and yet… it fell on him like a cosmic joke. Softly he mumbles too.


  “Yeah… like a family” She makes pleased noises and Elias walks to the tower.


  Peter and Pasha.


  He can't help but to think of a future with them there.

 

  Elias cannot possibly know that both changeling and man were thinking the same thing, that they wanted to stay too, but neither of them would be able to make it.


  That both were afraid and did not want to leave him alone in the end.

 

  He uses magic to check on her and with mixed results due to her nature he gives her some herbs that according to Peter were good for fairy consumptions and helped them.


  She chews on them slowly and gets sleepy.


  “Hey, once we give him your gift you can take a nap. Do you want to stay like this or change shapes?” She changes colors a few times and settles on green.


  “Stay, change takes too much energy, gotta save it… Sorry” He rolls his eyes.


  “Told you its not your fault”


  “No. I mean… Never- never mind” He stops walking.


  “Hey look at me” She closed all her eyes and when he asks one more time but more softly she peeks at him.


  “I will listen ok? No matter what it is. If you didn't know… i like knowing stuff” He winks at her and she giggles and it feels much better.


  “Is stupid”


  “You say it’s, and i don't think so… if you are upset then it isn't”


  “... Sorry i can't, can't turn into a little girl, Pasha looks weird like this” Elias looks at her and tries to think what to even say to that. His general thought was that you looked weird. But then he has to admit to himself that she is by normal human standards weird.


  He had been around her so long it doesn't even occur to him anymore.


  “Ok, let's start with this. You are different, but its because we are different species. Let's pretend you don't know me-” She makes a distressed noise.


  “Its a game, now pretend you don't know me, or better yet pretend you don't know what a human is. When you see one don't they look weird to you?” She stays quiet for a while and he sways her a little.


  “Sort of?”


  “Of course you do, because we dont look like you, we are different. You aren't weird, being different its not bad. I love you the way you are no matter the shape princess” Pasha remains quiet and he thinks its the end of it, but then he hears sniffles and feels her tiny hands sneak under his sleeve and clutch his arm.


  She was crying silently and Elias panics.


  “What i mean-!”


  “Thanks, thanks for that Eye, it means a lot to Pa- to, to me” She snuggles and he feels very lost but she makes the chirping sounds he has come toundertand mean joy and soothing. So Elias tries his best to do a few clicking noises, like the ones Peter does sometimes to her.


  She purrs and melts against him.

 

  He doesn't realize he told her that he loved her until much later and by then they were in the ship, so he goes to Peter and starts to hit his head softly against his back, amusing him endlessly.

 

  Peter freezes when Pasha offers her gift to him.


  “Wanted to give you something… thought you might like it, Peter likes boats, happy birthday dad” He sees him watch the model of the ship to build on the bottle and make a pained expression that soon turns into something lighter.


  “I love it, thank you little drop'' She tries to fling herself but is too tired due to what he gave her so he lifts her up and Peter lets her cling to his face with resignation.


  “Happy, happy we are all happy and sappy” Elias snorts and looks to the side to hide the stupid smile he has. Peter looks up but blows air into her making her giggle. Then he puts her in his scarf next to his neck. 


  “Nap time for me…”


  “I will put you in the bed with Captain '' Elias looks startled at him wondering where the cat is when he hears a soft mewl coming from a pocket.


  Of course. 


  With care he slowly takes out the cat from his coat and holds the cat with an accusing look. Peter pouts and looks guiltily away.


  “He is a kitten. I couldn't leave him alone in my room!” He shakes his head and takes him inside, Captain paws at his hands, but ultimately stops and nuzzles them. Peter eventually follows and puts Pasha on the bed wrapped up in blankets. The animal soon joins her and starts to groom her. 


  She snores and they look at each other with a smile.

 

  Peter takes them off and its… nice. Reminds him of their original trip, albeit this time he knows they are close and will come back anytime they want. He stares at the ring, the prince is slowly walking away. Maybe and just maybe he won't need to do anything? 


  He hopes.


  Peter pokes fun at him and he chases him off around the place. With a wave of mischief he makes a snowball with some leftover snow over the deck and throws it at the back of his head when he says that maybe now he can stop being such a bundle of nerves.


  The man sputters and gives him a look that makes him grin. Both start to pick up snow around and chuck it at each other while yelling and laughing. Elias hasn't felt this free in a long while.


  The prince is leaving, he is having fun, Pasha is safely tucked in, Peter is standing close and looking at him with such an earnest expression-


  Snow hits him square in the face and he tries to tackle the taller man.


  The floor is slippery, its the only reason why he can think Peter would slip and fall.


  He hits the hardwood with a thud and Elias falls on top of him. The sailor groans and he starts to laugh at the situation. Peter is winded due to the fall, but soon starts to laugh at the absurdity of the whole endeavour.


  They have spent the better part of an hour just childishly playing in the snow. Elias' laugh goes down slowly and he lifts himself slightly by putting his hands next to Peter’s face.


  He looks down at him.


  Oh.


  His hair is a wild mess, his smile is blinding, he tries to think about seeing him smile like this before and it comes out blank. His cheeks are flushed due to the exercise and cold and Elias is immediately drawn to his lips. He sees him bite them and he snaps out of his reverie, to notice him watching as well.


  “Heh, i… “ His words die on his lips and Peter lets out a breath.


  Elias is very aware now that he is basically pinning him to the floor of the ship. He also realizes where he is sitting and he has to stop himself from combusting on the spot.


  He feels thinly veiled entertainment that does not belong to him in his head.


  
    Fuck off
  


  
    Rude
  


  He turns to look to the side and slowly moves out of the way, but Peter grabs his arm. Elias almost throws himself forward. Instead he tugs him down and hugs him to his chest. He feels shame and excitement.


  Elias buries his face on his neck and doesn't see Peter open and unclench his hands while blushing profusely.


  “Fun huh?” He nods his agreement, his voice would betray him. 


  “Do you…” He trails off and they stay like that. Slowly he slides to the side and rolls to lay on his own back looking at the clear sky.


  “... Do you want to drink something warm?” Elias closes his eyes, clears his throat and replies.


  “I would love to”

 

  They both stand close by in the small kitchen making some hot chocolate. Peter hums and Elias recalls the clicking noise for Pasha he did.


  “Say… do you think you could show me how to do that thing… the noises? Like the ones you use for Pasha? She was… upset today so i tried to mimic them, it cheered her up” Peter asks him to pass him the mild and he obligues.


  “I can try, but like I said it's… I got used to it by being around the faeries near the woods, no idea how well I can help” Bumping his shoulder he looks up to him with a small smile.


  “I just want to make her feel less…. like an outsider” Peter blinks and clenches the mug he is holding.


  “Oh, oh, yes i… sure” 

 

  Its intonation and meaning apparently.


  They can pick up on your intentions and feelings.


  So he tries.


  “No, i- well it's actually very close. Like this?” The noise he makes is weird to explain, but Elias wants to know.


  Partially due to Pasha, but also now because this was a whole new language and he wants to 
  
    understand
  
  .


  He tries to pick on it.


  “Its… like gratefulness?” Peter blinks a few times and nods shily.


  “Yes, now you” He thinks about her being sad, about how upset she seemed at thinking he didn't like her for herself. About slipping and telling her he loved her.


  Elias smiles softly and makes a few noises, Peter chokes on air.


  “Are you ok?!”


  “Y- yes, that's-! Uhh, that's very…. what were you thinkin exactly?” Elias is puzzled until he realizes what it looked like.


  He blushed furiously.


  “I-!!! I told her that i loved her today, she was upset, thought- thought i didn't like her in her normal form, i just wanted to-” Peter who was looking at him like a surprised deer, seems to sag in relief.


  It makes Elias sad, enough that he accidentally clicks his tongue and he can taste the meaning of that.


  Bitter disappointment.


  Peter snaps to look at him and asks, when they hear small steps. Pasha was a doll and was using Captain as a little steed.


  It was so absolutely adorable he cooes at them, before clearing his throat to compose himself inviting her to get something warm to drink.


  “Mm, smell…”


  “Chocolate, but only a little you are still ill” She nods and raises her arms up to be picked up. Peter got up to prepare another drink and leave something for the cat to eat too.


  Placing her on the table she sits and asks if they can play something later. Poking her nose he shakes his head.


  “Nothing extenuating dear-”


  “No, no. Tim showed Pasha how to play cards!! We tricked guards and got money” Elias smiles but he is going to kill Timothy for showing her how to gamble.


  “That 's… good! Yes we can play some cards” She cheers and Peter offers her a doll sized cup. Must be from a child's game set, when he looks at him he shrugs.


  “Figured i ought to get her things to fit her better” Huh, maybe… maybe he should do that too. He only ever gets things for her when she is a child.


  A spike of guilt, was that why she thought he didn't like her in her normal form?


  Much to think about.


  The three of them drink and eat some cookies Peter stole from the kitchens.


  “Steal… they were left there and had my name on a card” Elias finds the fact that the kitchen staff seems to like Peter endlessly charming.

 

  How.


  How???


  He has knowing powers??


  How is Pasha beating the two of them???


  She giggles maniacally and Peter is smiling at the entire one side battle he has with her.


  How is she winning???


  After 3 more games that he loses, he throws the cards onto the table and pouts. Peter actually starts laughing then and gets up to pat his back while picking up the mugs.


  “Better luck next time”


  “Not my fault she doesn't have a tell!!”


  “Pasha is good at cards!!! Pasha is the best” He holds his face between his hands.


  “Pss, pss, Lie? Is lie sad? Pasha sorry-” Snorting he looks at her and bites his lip before picking her up.


  “I suppose this means i need to practice more without my magic oh great powerful one. Will you teach me how to be as good as you?” She blinks and then gasps while warbling around like a bird. He can only tell she is… excited so he lets her be.

 

  The rest of the afternoon is spent relaxing around the ship or playing a few more games. At one point Pasha asks to be read a story so Elias sits on the bed and grabs a random adventure book from Peter’s collection. Said man merely sits with him with their backs against the wall.


  Pasha, Peter and Captain who was now sprawled on the sailors lap all fall asleep. 


  Should he be offended? 


  ….


  Pasha is on his lap curled up. Peter is leaning against him and using him as a pillow.


  …


  No, maybe not if he gets to have all of them like this.

 

  Eventually they all sort of sit outside watching the sunset for a while. Peter asks if he wants to go back now.


  This time he returns the favour and puts his head on his shoulder. Neither comment on it.


  “Yeah… we need to come back for dinner”


  “Ah, the surprise… cant we just….” He sees him struggle “Can't we just stay here the four of us? Oh sorry five” Opal’s head appears from the water.


  And god does Elias want to say yes.


  Wants nothing more.


  But he saw what the staff did and… he thinks that Peter never had a real birthday party for himself. So he shakes his head.


  “Maybe… maybe we can do this again. Its… not bad. I do get a little bit, just a little bit!!! Overworked” Peter looks startled, but soon he seems to be about to say something stupid so he stops him.


  “Just take us back home birthday boy, we can do this as many times as you want, we got time” Pasha squirms in place and the man does the same.


  God they really are like each other, no wonder he puts up with them.

 

  They reach the castle, Elias has time to tell Pasha about the surprise. She says she knows, its why she kept her energy up for the party.


  She slowly morphs into her child form and he lifts her up. He asks Peter if he wants dinner.


  “Mm, i mean, i should probably go to my room and-” Elias gives him a venomous look and he flounders before accepting.


  “Yeah, haha, lets, lets go”


  Elias smiles and Pasha giggles against him neck. 

 

  He stalls on the door and tells him to open it, by then he seemed very suspicios.


  “Elias…”


  “Go ahead birthday boy. Big boy? Ohhh big boy maaan how old are you know?” His face-


  Elias cackles.


  He looks as if he had just kicked his cat. Sais cat pops his head out the pocket and stares at the noise.


  “Just opne it you coward. Bet you a dinner that you cant stay the rest of the night” That seems to pull him back from his existential dread enough to smirk.


  “Fine” Peter opens the door.


  To say how both horrified and actually happy he looked at Tim and Helen jumping up and wishing him a happy birthday would be a disservice to the man.


  The kitchen staff all told his as well and gave him looks. The cheekines!!!


  Mariam aproaches him, while Pasha drags Peter towards Helen.


  “Have fun your majesty? Hope the cookies were to both of your liking. Its sort of sweet how he thinks he stole them” Elias is still the monarch, but by all means he cant help to snort.


  She has a wicked smile.


  Curses.


  “Adorable perhaps? Handsome maybe?” He gives her a glare but she merely laughs.


  “Good for you for any case”


  “Oh hush”

 

  There is cake.


  Decorations and drinks. Peter sticks close to him, Tim or Helen. Elias lets the staff drink, just for today.


  It was a good day, he doesn't see why they shouldn't celebrate for once.


  He ponders how his birthday will be this time with everyone around.


  Usually he only asks for some cake and wine, while getting a few presents here and there from the court.


  His eyes soften when he sees the taller man pick up Pasha and let her help him blow the candles off the cake. Some of the people there were confused, but none questioned it.


  She turns on him and waves excitedly.


  “Pasha did it!!!” Elias tilts his head and laughs before going to pick her up. He can hear more people murmur.


  “You did very well, let's get you a little bit of cake”


  “Big?” He stares.


  “Still sick, just a little” She pouts, huh.


  She is mimicking him.


  “You silly little rabbit” Peter knocks a glass and they turn to him.


  “Daad?” More furious whispers.


  “Sorry, sorry just remembered something” Elias focuses and makes two noises. 


  Are you ok? 


  That's the intended meaning.


  Peter stares and after a while nods shakily at him.


  “Apologies”


  Elias offers Pasha who hugs the man tight and he cuts a slice for her.


  “Here you go princess” She asks to sit on Peter’s lap so they indulge. Tim comes from behind and tries to steal a slice so he hits his hand away.


  “Let the birthday bou eat first you heathen”


  “Fine! But Helen is already taking her slice” He snaps to the side and goes to tell her off, while Peter offers some cake to Tim, and most definetly gives Pasha more than Elias intended for her.


  “Dont tell him”


  “Promise, Promise”

 

  Party continues and everyone is having fun. Drinking becomes a little bit more involved so he offers to take the changeling away and come back later. She was very celarly falling asleep.


  “Nooo, want to stay until midnight, then Dad gets a kiss-” Elias and Peter both splutter.


  “Who told you-!?”


  “Pasha thats not how it works-!”


  “Timmy and aunty said so!” Elias slowly turns around with murder in his eyes towards Tim who is unsurprisingly running off near a door that wasnt there.


  “So can Pasha give dad a hug and a kiss?” Oh.


  “...Ok it doesnt work like that Tim is dumb, but you can of course give that to Peter too” She hesitates.


  “Can Eye too? A gift from both of us!!” He freezes and looks to the man who is looking very, very much like he would dissapear on a cloud of smoke.


  He swallows heavily. Elias looks at the clock… five minutes.


  “Once its midnight we take you to your room”


  “Yaays” She waves har arms around and Peter has to hold her less she falls. Captain was hanging on his shoulder.


  God he looks adorable.


  Ugh, get a grip Elias.

 

  Midnight comes and Pasha hugs Peter and gives him a kiss on the cheek, then she turns to him with pleading eyes.


  …


  He shakes his head and picks her up.


  “Let's get you to bed” The man in question follows and waves awkwardly at everyone who wishes him well.

 

  In his room he places Pasha on the bed. She turns into her more smaller shape and makes a noise.


  Love.


  He takes a breath and this time does make the effort to kiss her.


  She mumbles a thank you.


  Peter places the cat next to her and goes to open the door for him.


  “So… did you have fun?” His face is honestly priceless.


  “I did. i…” He stays quiet for a little. His expression is so…. not sad, but perhaps lost? “Its the best birthday i ever had. Thank you for giving me this Elias”


  “I should be the one saying that, you made my day…. you have made my life very interesting Peter, thank you” He sees him smile and in a fit of childishnes he hugs him, he is surprised but hugs him back.


  Still its not the end of it.


  Once he steps back, he taps his chest and Peter leans down.


  Elias kisses his cheek quickly.


  “Happy Birthday Peter, maybe next one can be even better” He waves and goes to his room.


  Elias flops in bed and tries to not die on the spot.

 

  Peter does the same thing.


  
  
  
  


  Two men, who looked very similar, watched the castle, albeit they aren't really men,


  “What do you think Hope?”


  “That, that's the little one Nikola wanted Breakon”


  “What do we do then?” 


  “Mm, the dance is in a month and a half”


  “Let her simmer, she will be so weak and hungry it would be easy to bring her along”


  “Good idea”


  “There is also… the big one, he smells too much like fae, but not enough”


  “Wonder why that is”


  “Miss Nikola would like to have a new dancer, the one she stole is sad”


  “Good, let's leave them for now, we know where to find them”

  
    Chapter Text
    Elias acts as nothing happened the next time he sees Peter, hoping he took it as a jest only. He doesn't seem upset, plus he doesn't ask any questions so at the very least he thinks that its ok.Pasha gets better the next few days, her tummy stopped hurting as much, so he is glad to see her be her cheerful self.Days pass and he is reading a few letters when something knocks on the window of the tower. Puzzled, he looks up and sees a seagull knocking on it with something tied to it.He pinches the bridge of his nose and gets a chair to stand on to open it and let the messenger bird inside. It squawks at him and goes down to his desk where he drops a letter from a small satchel. Once it does that the animal turns to him and tilts its head to the side, so with a sigh he opens a drawer and takes out a jar, from there he procured some food for the creature.It nods, takes the offered food and leaves.Elias looks at it go, closes his window again and opens the letter.Only one person uses the bloody birds to deliver messages.As suspected Simon sent him a letter, curious, since he only ever uses that methode if he wants to deliver a message quickly.
   Dear Elias!!  

   Sorry for the delivery, but you see I have a little bit of an issue at hand and I would be requiring assistance from you. You see, remember that amusement park I mentioned? WIth all its contraptions and all? 

   Well. 

   It seems the combination of magic, shiny metal and all seems to have attracted somehow…. a dragon. 

   Now usually its not really that much of an issue, since dragons and sea monsters are sort of my thing!! But with Titania still gone…. 

   I'm afraid it's not listening to me at all. Now I asked my advisors and we tried to work out how to get it to leave, but unfortunately its a very stubborn one. I was hoping that perhaps you could do that mind thing to be able to negotiate with it. Since we would be able to understand it at last. 

   It will be fast, just help me arrange things with it, and you can go!! I will pay a lot for your help my friend. Its also not violent. It's stubborn, yes, but its also lazy as I have never seen before. The only reason why I'm asking is because it's trying to turn the newly dubbed rollercoaster into its nest and its kind of a bummer to lose that much work. 

   Honestly I just want to relocate it at most, there are perfect mountains in the island below for it to live peacefully, my kingdom does not mind it one bit. 

   So… could you help? It will be fast, plus you only ever come when its my turn to host the annual dance. I will pay you- 

   I let a magic paper on the envelope, write your answer and if you are bringing company along so i can prepare rooming. 

   Your fellow king and friend Simon Fairchild. 
 What the everloving-…God dammit Simon.On the one hand this is completely unnecessary, on the other the old bastard knows he would be curious enough to want to see a dragon, especially if it's not threatening.He slumps on his chair and closes his eyes. A trip to Aella if done by one of the old man’s ships would take 4 days, if he solves the dragon issue in lets say 2 to 3 days and then the trip back… a week and a half more or less.Gertrude is still gone, won't be back for another 2 weeks. He can't leave until she comes back, someone needs to be in charge in case of danger…But then again, every time Elias leaves he ends up hurt. Perhaps its for the best if he passes the opportunity? But it is a request from a fellow king whom he is on good terms with. Would Simon retaliate if he refused?Its not like he is asking for military help, he wants him to use his magic to translate for him that's all.Dragon speak is hard on a general basis, being able to tell what it wants from its mind or memories would be far easier than to find a dragon born to work with.Goodness why can't he have a break!Ok, he will give himself a day to ponder it and will answer the next day. If he goes he also needs to take someone along… and there is just a small amount of people he wouldn't mind bringing with him. However the main one seems to be terrified of being discovered by Simon-…Elias sighs, maybe he can ask Rosie to tag along, they get along fairly well, Peter can stay with Pasha and the others here and check out that nothing off happens in his absence. Yes… perhaps that's for the best. Still he will mull it over during the day, better to think everything through than go without any backups. He won't be taken by surprise like with Annabelle, never again. Elias doesn't immediately tell Peter when he sees him. He just… doesn't want to disturb him with the news. The man, when he finds him, is sitting outside in the gardens holding his face while a bunch of birds and fairies all fly around him or perch on him.He blinks a few times and suddenly starts laughing at how ridiculous it looks, the sailor looks up and the birds move away, but the fairies just fly directly to him and start to gush while pulling him towards him.“King!!”“Little king!! Did you like Peter’s surprise? We helped!”“No, no you didn't it was the little fungus one that told me-”“Helped!!!” Elias just shakes his head and joins them. Its nice.Too nice, he doesn't-He would rather not upset the peace. Aella is a beautiful kingdom, both the floating city and the towns on the island are all very nice. Simon has the advantage against any possible invasion due to the location and magic there. So it's very rare to go there unless you are expected.Dragons are very prone to hide or remain on their mountains hoarding gold or whatever calls their fancy. Some are violent, others are like… like giant lizard cats on a good day. Elias has never seen one up close, Gertrude had in fact dealt with a few of them on her trips to Agnes land, there is an abundance of fire dragons there.The afternoon passes and he ponders the pro’s and con’s of going with it. He… still doesn't feel safe going out, hell only because of Pasha he managed to get enough courage to go back in town. Going to another kingdom after the fiasco with Annabelle, even if he knows Simon would not kill him.Or he hopes so at least. He reckons he has not given him any reason and plus, they are trading partners now.So by all means it should be ok. He can take Rosie, help with the dragon issue, maybe sight see a little and go back. Piece of cake.Without Gertrude he will need to ask an advisor to look over the place in his absence. Peter and Pasha can look over the place. Tim… Tim could actually help, since he also knows defensive magic. So that's a plus.Yes.Arrangements can be done and everyone would be here keeping the place safe while he goes. That is the logical step. Maybe he sends Gertrude a letter, despite his suspicions over her, its good to let her know of any changes. Oh she either hates or loves that he is gone, but we shall see. At dinner he talks less, more concerned about all the logistics he has to take into account, the message he needs to write in the morning and to let Rosie know she would be coming along. Pasha tries to call his attention during the meal but he gently waves her off. Peter asks directly and Elias has the childish need to lie.But he is a grown man.“I got a… letter from Simon. There are some issues with a dragon in his new “amusement park” So he asked if I could go to help out to translate since its being stubborn and lazy. I will probably be gone for a week and a half more or less, so i need to think preparations and tell Rosie to pack her stuff since she is coming with me” He makes quotations marks at the park thing, he still doesn't understand what that is about to be fair, but well Simon has ideas.He sees him open and close his mouth a few times before Pasha, bless her, interrupts first.“We are going on a trip! Ohhh is Rosie the lady that smells like strawberries? Why is she coming along, what does Pasha need to bring-” Elias sees her being excited and it actually hurts to cut her off, but it must be done.“Pasha… you are going to stay. I'm the one who goes, it's a king matter and a favour to Simon i can't deny him. Peter, Tim and you will stay to look after the place while I'm gone” She tenses and extra eyes appear.“But- who will hold your hand if you get scared of the new place? Pasha must go!”Oh dear.He picks her up and places on the table, he can see in his peripheral vision Peter making a pinched face of distress and god he hates that they are stubborn just as much as he likes it.“Listen, Peter can't go because he has some business that went wrong there ok? I can't take you along if i take Rosie, too many questions otherwise when people assume Peter is your caretaker. And I can't go alone because it would look odd for a king to go without any companionship or entourage. So I'm bringing Rosie and a few guards just in case. Do you-” She sniffles and crawls towards Peter. The little shadow chucks herself to his face making him grunt and hides on his coat.“Pasha-”“Eye doesn't want us, leaves us alone, sad. Pasha is so sad, wants to stay together is it so bad-? Sad, sad i want to- to make it count” Her voice warbles and it becomes unintelligent, albeit he gets the meaning of sorrow and hurt.“Pasha-”“Elias?” Peter finally speaks and he looks to him directly, his face is rather puzzling, a mix of regret and disappointment. The idea that is at him, makes him bristle. But his words sort of make him stop.“I will talk with her, thanks for letting me know. I will make sure the place is ok when you come back” His smile is not right and he wants to ask.“Listen if i could i would bring you along, but you told me you don't want Simon to see you. I thought about my bracelet, but you would need to wear it any time we are close to the man and he is keen with magic. Also we would need to explain things to Rosie and that- Well, that wouldn't do too well” Peter nods, while Pasha still cries.“I know… its ok, I really get it. I honestly would rather not get caught. So yes, i will keep the place safe don't worry” He can see his face become more determined so Elias lets out a sigh of relief he didn't know he was holding.“Ok, ok, i will answer him tomorrow and knowing him, he probably had already sent ships here, so by all means i should pack. Pasha… im sorry darling, i will bring you something from there i swear”Peter nods and wishes him goodnight before going to try and calm Pasha down. Pushing away any guilt whatsoever he goes to sleep and hopes tomorrow will be more peaceful.During the night he hears knocking on the door so he hits it back and falls back to sleep.He dreams of falling. Rosie is ok with the trip, but she asks if he would perhaps not prefer to ask Peter to tag along to keep him company as well. He knows she is trying to gauge if anything is wrong and to get some last moment gossip for the rest of the staff.“He… his family had some issues in Aella, so if Simon sees him…” Enough to give her an idea and let her fill in the blanks herself. Her mouth makes a perfect oh.Suddenly she looks determined and its enough to set him aback.“Do not worry my king, me and the guards will not mention him at all in the trip, we will keep him safe for you” She winks at him and he wants to die!! He is not that obvious is he???Then her face becomes more solem and soft.“We.. the staff, we are all just glad that you are more happy with him around” His face feels hot but fortunately its doesnt show in a blush.“Oh, stop it. Its not like that at all” She grins.“Never said it was your majesty” Cheeky little- As expected, Simon did already send ships beforehand, so the day after he agreed one of his boats came along to pick him up and his entourage. Simon is not there obviously waiting to meet up back in the kingdom, so he lets his stuff be carried and goes to say goodbye for now.He sent Gertrude a letter, and set his advisors and court to keep things in place. Tim is free to use any means to protect the pace if possible while Peter and Pasha…He asks them to make sure the place is not on fire when he comes back. The now little girl sniffles and holds his leg.“Lemme tag along too please” He has to pry her off and let Peter pick her up.“I really cant doll, im sorry, Its just a week and a half i will be back in no time, just make sure Peter doesnt do anything stupid and keep him company i have Lady Rosie with me, and she is good company” Once he reassure her he turns to look at the man who is staring at the docked ship. “Hey i will be back soon, by all means now you get how i feel when you disappear on your boat for days on end. Not so nice huh?” He is teasing him of course. Peter chokes a little and shakes his head before smiling wanly at him.“Guess this is your turn to go on a trip. I…” He hesitates and Elias wonders if he would get a hug or a kiss on the cheek, hell even the hand would be fine.Peter turns to Pasha and she sighs.“We got you something” He tilts his head to the side and she picks up something from Peter’s coat pocket. Elias looks and realizes its a bracelet with tiny waves on it. He flashes back to the one he gave Peter to track him down with the eyes and realizes the irony of him being the one going away by boat.He can't help it, he laughs. Pasha looks confused, but Peter seems to catch or be aware of what he has done, an inside joke if he wills it. He sees his smile turn more genuine and its like the sun coming out from the clouds.“Pasha said that the ring is the only physical thing i gave you as a present and so…. i thought well let's get you something else! Hopefully you dont think its too tacky, put effort into getting it in such a short amount of time” Elias is charmed, its not even that grand, but its absolutely something he needed. “Oh yes, i will definitely think of you two everytime i see it now, its a lovely reminder” He feels rather glad for it. He hears a guard call out to him so he turns his back on them, not realizing the guilty looks both make at his remark.“Ok, you two? Behave, don't let Helen eat any staff, no fires, no magical creature invading- Peter i swear to god if you get any more pets or strays to look after, i'm going to get you your own house and kicking you out” He doesn't mean it the smile he gives him its proof enough that he is aware of it.“Pasha? Be good, listen to Peter, do not i repeat do not listen to Helen or Tim they are terrible influences on you”“You heard that starfish? My little Siren thinks I'm responsible!!” On the other hand-Blushing furiously at the  my. He tells him off for playing dumb. He also thinks the nicknames are adorable, but by god he will never, ever tell him that.Elias will take that to his grave.“Well this is a goodbye for now, i will see you all in a week and a half, be good you two”“Will try” Pasha mumbles, but before he can try and go she leaps and hugs him, he barely manages to catch her. Still he closes his eyes and holds her close before kissing her forehead and putting her down. He makes a short noise that only means-LoveShe hugs him quickly and makes her own. Peter hesitates, but ultimately pulls him closer in a hug. Elias is terrified that everyone is looking, but he feels the cool effect of the man’s magic and knows not a single person is paying them any mind whatsoever. Elias laughs slightly and hugs him back, burrowing his face on his neck, making Peter shiver. He wants to kiss him so much it's unreal.Wants to take him along.But Elias is also practical, so after a few more seconds he steps back. Asks him to help with the bracelet and once that is done he goes to board the ship.They wave at him and soon they are off. He has his own private room. THe next four days are mostly easy going, he and Rosie stick together. Usually he would just let her simmer on her own fear, but ultimately he is bored. So they end up talking quite a lot. It's… she is actually rather nice. She had been married but her husband was an asshole, so they split up. Talking with her is relaxing, still he doesnt let out most of what he thinks, not wanting her to have ammunition for when they go back.Still the king after all. Of course that's when they end up finding alcohol and get drunk on the third night of the voyage.“So- so its the kid, is it his?” They are sitting outside watching the sea while passing the drinks.“The little girl sir, is it Peter’s?” Ah Pasha.“She- um, she was abandoned, Peter is looking after her, Tim and I are helping him” Rosie nods albeit she sort of stares off into the distance for like 5 minutes, definetly lightweight.“But, but you call her princess… and we were all wondering- if perhaps-” He sighs.“Its an endearment, she had a… lets say rough life, ii just try, try to cheer her up” “Huh” He watches the bracelet and smiles a little bit. “Sir with all res-respect. None of us would- would mind much if you and mister Foster….” He closes his eyes and feels his chest squeeze. Fools the lot of them. Elias is walking a fine line.If Jon appears it won't matter at all.“Its more complicated than that Rosie, also my personal life its not supposed to be everyone's amusement or entertainment, i'm not blind or deaf. If you are all bored, meddle with something else, I'm happy with how things are and I do not wish it to be disrupted because none of you could keep it together in your need to play matchmaker. Its offensive and futile” He sees her wince and try to scramble for words, but Elias just looks at her tiredly.“I think i should go to sleep, you should too” She hesitates but nods.He accompanies her to her quarters to not let her get lost in her state, but before she enters, he sees her take a breath and face him.“Sir, I apologize if it has brought you any grief, but to be honest? You say its complicated and perhaps it is, but we all see you both be so… happy it's sweet. No one is doing it out of any ill will. We have seen you alone and working so hard, but these months you've been far more… lively, taking out the worm witch of course. We all care… Apologies if you think otherwise, but its the truth. Goodnight” Then she turns around and closes the door.He is left alone in surprise and a sting of annoyance, but not so much at her as the general situation. If he didn't have a prophecy hanging over his head…Either he loses the kingdom, he dies as Annabelle said due to the prince or and this is the most lucky and improbable one, he gets to keep it all. If that happens… then maybe just maybe he can hope to get Peter for real. To court him if the other wants to.In the end he passes out quickly in bed; he dreams of having a beach day with everyone and wakes up just as Peter is about to kiss him.The next day is awkward between them at first, but he decides to let it go, no need to make his trip painful, so he engages with her without mentioning the night before. It seems to set her at ease.
  
  
Finally they arrive at the island. He has to admit that passing near the swirling vortex of whirlwinds on the water was absolutely terrifying. The sailors were all joking around while he and Rosie stared practically glued together watching it all unfold, praying they would suck them in and kill them.They survive.The island itself its a paradise, he will never deny it, mountains, white sand, clear water and a city built all across several canals that pass around-Its a work of time, art and magic.Then comes the next part of the journey. The way up, they go to the center of the town to the lighthouse.Usually it should be near the water, but here it serves a different purpose. Inside they reach the top and Rosie, his 3 guards and him all await for the signal of confirmation. Soon they will go up. Once 20 minutes pass, the crystal ball at the center shines light blue and the man in charge nods.“Time to rise up sirs and lady, please sit down, keep your hands and legs always inside the room. I will take care of the rest!” Elias sits next to Rosie who looks absolutely bewildered. She has never come to Aella before. The guards he has taken previously so they just sit and give a nod to the driver.The roof opens and with a quick-“Here we go!” They are off.Mike Crew enjoys being the lighthouse conductor way too much.The first few seconds they go so fast up that he feels the pressure, then it goes at a normal pace and he can breathe. Rosie was grabbing his arm with an iron grip.“First trip?”“You, awful-” Elias shakes his head and points to the outside. She turns.The other reason why Aella was so impressive? Beside the floating city?The imagery, the floating isles were all suspended over the forests and mountains, natural occurrences, made possible due to the concentrated magic and the magnetic fields around this part of the world.Giant fungus grew out of them and in the sunset you could see them and the moss started to glow like lanterns all across the sky. Rosie is starstruck. He does like Simon’s kingdom a lot.The island below? Also starts to turn on lights that seem to match the natural ones. It takes the better part of an hour and a half, but eventually they reach the capital of the kingdom. Lovingly named Elysium.Unlike the more natural looks below and further down with the sunken city that was still under construction last time he checked. The capital is more metallic in nature, all enchanted metal. Which, again makes sense that a dragon would come here, but as Simon said usually he can manage them.They unboard and Mike guides them, he is also one of Simon's new wards too.They wait between islands as a bridge locks in place between them to continue moving towards the floating castle. Elves, humans, Fairies of all kinds walk around Elysium with no problem at all. He sees a human woman hold a clearly half fae child hand while telling her to wait till her dad sees her in the new dress she got her.Simon truly does not care about interspecies relationships.“Sir?!” He thinks of Pasha and smiles.“Do they look unhappy to you?”  She gives him a look and stares more. He sees her calculating but ultimately when the little girl asks if she can help her mom make dinner she concedes.“No. They are… a family” Wistfully he nods.“Yes, they are, aren't they?” The castle was the last stop and by then it was night time. Mike enters and guides them to the throne room where Simon, once he sees them, jumps down from the stupidly and gaudy looking throne.Did it have to be that tall?He comes closer and pats Mike before coming to say hello and shake his hand excitedly.“I'm so happy you agreed, the dragon is being a pain!! I offered it gold in a mountain and you know what it did? It snorted and turned around to take another nap under the sun!!! Lazy lizard”He can't help but snort.“Hello Simon, well its your own fault for building something with so much magic metal concentrated that wasn't merely for building purpose” The man pouts, but relents.“Can't deny it! Now we can have dinner and then I will show you your rooms. Tomorrow we may go to check on the big guy and then with any luck you may be able to enjoy my humble above before high tailing from here as i know you want to do” He laughs at the end so at least he is not offended.“Well i do have my own kingdom and we are getting slowly closer to the ball”“That we are. Well for now? Let's eat and catch up, it's been a while since i got to have someone for dinner” That puzzles him.“Titania is still with her friend?” He looks sad for a few seconds but it doesn't last long.“Yes, Mimsy is so heartbroken. Its not even as if she is trying to keep her, she actually sent me a letter apologizing and telling me she did tell Titania to go back, but my dear is worried she might do something rash if she leaves her alone now. She is growing desperate and a desperate fairy-”“Is a dangerous one”  Dinner is delightful and they talk about what they had been up to, he tells him he did get to go to the prince festival this year.“Oh? Surprising” He nods, he mentions Jane and tries to pull it off as not important.“You found the tunnels!!” He blinks surprised.“Excuse me?”“Yes, Jonah sent them to be built a long time ago with Robert, clever man mind you. He was responsible for some of the architecture of the islands. Anyways, i did wonder if those were still there after the prison went under!” Elias is left reeling, this whole time he-Of course he does, Simon is ancient.“I- i had to investigate so much”“Shame you never asked” He berates him and the man laughs.“Delightful little surprises don't you think? Funny, you remind me of him a lot, the attitude mostly, physically not at all, except for the eyes. Still you both have the same style and moods. Plus you are very obsessive little man’s”He is unsure if he should be offended or not.Probably yes.“He was a good friend, or well, more like entertaining, morally he was terrible, but he made for good company”“Simon?” He sees his eyes twinkle with amusement.“Yes?”“Shut up”He cackles. Finally he is taken to his room. Its beautiful. The window shows the outside gardens, he has his own bathroom and the bed is huge” All in all? It was a great place.Feeling spent he drops to the bed and passes out for a few hours Until-It must be… 3? 4? In the morning? When he wakes up.He waits and tries to see what woke him. But in reality it was more the lack of something.Peter usually knocks on the wall at that time.Oh.His body grew used to waking up to the sound, so he just… did it anyway.Curling up on his side he tries to go back to sleep. Hopefully it will pass.
  
  
In the morning he wakes up to chaos as it turns out his life can never be easy. He moves a little bit feeling… warm, he must be hugging his pillow. He nuzzles it and feels it move-…His eyes shot open.Peter is sleeping on the bed, what?WHAT????He was about to yell when he saw him open his eyes and look at him for a few seconds in confusion. Then he seems to catch on too, cause he looked like a spooked deer.Peter rolls out and falls to the ground. Elias looks down at him from the bed.“WHAT??!”“LIE!!” His head snaps towards the sound of a familiar voice and he sees a small shape struggle under the covers. He lifts the cloth and sees Pasha.“What??!”“It worked!!! Aunty said it would!!” Peter is now up and they both are looking at her in disbelief.“Helen said she could send Pasha and dad away to Lie!! Cause dad was moping too much for her taste!!” His brain tries to catch up. A knock on the door.“Your majesty? Breakfast will be soon”“Yes- Yes! Of course i will be there”He waits till the footsteps are gone to start screaming, but Peter beats him to the punch.“Pasha tell Helen to sends us back, i can't be seen here”“Aunty wil send us back once Eye is coming back on the ship-! We can hide and Pasha brough this!” He sees her spit out his shapeshifting bracelet.“So its only for a while” He wants to hit his head against a wall.“Just the day please and thank you?” He is going to have a headache.“Once we are back you are grounded young lady. No chocolate, no games, you will stay with me and work, no buts!!”“Peter? What do you want?” He sees him sag in relief at being asked. He also sees him hesitate.“Well… i always wanted- I have been told a lot about this place, but never got to come” He gets up.“Ok, ok, use the bracelet, come out after I leave. I will try to sneak you food later at night. Do not come back until the night ok? Remember not to wear that 24 hours straight and you will be fine” He nods and after a while-“So how was the trip?” He sits on the bed and slumps. Pasha crawls over him and Peter soon joins.What has his life been turned into?Yet-He grins and tells them, he will be excused for a late breakfast, it is not as if Simon was even deigning himself to get out of bed, he could see him.Peter is looking at him and it feels ten times better being here now.
  
    Chapter Text
    Once he is done Elias goes and changes in the bathroom, Peter has no clothes to wear besides what apparently Pasha managed to drag in with Helen. “Listen, I will see if I can get some money for you to buy a spare change of clothes. I'm supposed to go see the dragon today after breakfast. So with any luck after lunch we may meet-”“Elias-” He is tying his boots, while trying to account how to keep him safe and fed.“I can give you some of the money i have now-”“Elias-”“And the cat- Oh god what happened to Captain??? No one knows you are gone who is going to feed him!!”“Elias!” He turns around annoyed.“What!!?” Peter is holding Pasha and gives him a tired look.“You do remember I have magic right? I can work my way around, don't worry. As long as im out of Simon’s view and dont look like me it will be fine”“Also Pasha not dumb!! She told Helen to give Captain to Timmy for a few days so he is fine!!” Elias and Peter share a relieved look at that, at least the poor thing will not be hungry or scared.“Well that is good at least…”“Yes! Pa- I can pick pocket too!! Sasha used to do it so I remember how! So we can get money for us” He gasps.“No stealing young lady!!” Just as Peter chooses to say-“I can go unnoticed and do it too-” He pinches the bridge of his nose.“You are both exasperating and basically the same, I can't believe I like your company as much as I do. Fine! Be that way, but if you get caught and the guards get you I will not be able to help!” He sees the make matching grins and he wants to scream.“I'm off, is there anything you need?” Peter sort of squirms in place so he raises an eyebrow.“Well if you tell me how to leave it will be faster than stumbling around, no need to leave traces of my magic around unnecessarily so” Elias pauses, he could explain it or he could just air drop the knowledge. Albeit….“Ok, come here, both of you” Man and changeling are in front of him, so he tells Peter to lean down a little bit for him. Puzzled he does, so Elias kisses his forehead and drops the way out in his head. Then he quickly does the same to Pasha so neither ask to many questions.He sees them both blink several times dazed, albeit he sees a small blush on Peter’s face that makes him want to kiss his cheeks as well to make it worse.God he wants to ruin this man so man.“There. Now i'm out, be good and don't get caught, i will look for you later ok?” They nod.“Thanks Eye!!” He smiles tiredly at Pasha.“You are still grounded once we go back, but you are welcome princess” He makes the love sound and turns to leave. “I- um i-” Peter stutters so he turns his head slightly, he sees his face burn while his hands fidget with Pasha who giggles. He is about to ask, but in the end he just wishes him luck.“Oh! Thank you, hopefully i can see what the dragon wants and do this quick, see you later” Elias leaves and Peter starts to cough while Pasha tries to calm him down. He is late, albeit not as much as Simon who comes  minutes after he starts to eat. It doesn't surprise him much, the man is very flighty, plus by now he is aware Elias won't truly begrudge him much. The dining room is impressive, the paintings adorning the place were all made by Simon himself, most of them were of the sky, but there were a few portraits. He sees Mike and the “Fairchilds” Simonn tendency to adopt people is quite a thing. Others are of strangers, he asked once when he was younger, the king shrugged and said that he lived a long life, so he asked to paint his friends to keep their memory alive somehow. “At least the ones I like the most! Perhaps one day I will paint your likeness too” He shivers a little at the idea of dying and only being remembered by the painting at the time.Now he is a little bit more… melancholic about it, perhaps he will take on his offer. For all he knows it will be truly the only thing that he is remembered by.Before Simon arrives he watches the one about Titania. The painting is hege and covers a great deal of the wall, its-Well its quite honestly eye catching, it shows her normally, but if you know better you can really see what he was aiming for truly.Its Titania, true, but its also her in her true form. He feels vertigo at truly seeing it, he is sure most people don't notice the difference, but Simon for all his faults can be subtle about the imagery he uses.A short woman with tanned skin and white curly hair stares at him with a grin, her clothes are in a gradient of the afternoon sky, bright and sunny. Creating a contrast with her darker skin.But behind her, in the background, in the sky between her and reality he sees wisps of something far bigger and incomprehensible, something that cannot be contained in just that painting. Its like… a compacted version of the sky that seems to swallow you down.He wonders if it can.Sometimes he has to wonder about the flying city itself and what Simon and her truly were thinking while it was being built. Because… As much as it was a paradise, there was something truly unnerving about the moon there. About the endless stretch of air around them.He hopes Peter doesn't have to take that bracelet off while out and about.Elias has an inkling that something bad would happen otherwise. Breakfast is ok, Simon just chats away and he respectfully nods and answers. Eventually he has to cut him off when starts to go on a tangent about how he still misses a recipe of a tart from 150 years ago.“So this dragon… we are going now to look at it?” He seems to focus again on that.“Yes! Yes, of course, the dastardly thing is still occupying most of the space, I just need to get it to agree to relocate, then you can go and sight see until you wish to go back my friend!!” He nods patiently. He will go out once with Peter and Pasha and hopefully leave before anything goes wrong.“Well no time like today huh? Shall we?” Simon nods and with a spring on his step he gets up and goes. Elias has to hurry to follow him, despite his short stature Simon walked as if he was walking on air.His guards follow for this, a Dragon, even if supposedly peaceful is still dangerous and ideally he should not be alone. Simon is insane.His eye twitches at seeing the “amusement park” more like a monstrosity, there were mechanical games that by all means were a hazard to normal people, he has no idea who would ride any of these things.Still the place is absolutely empty and with good reason, from further away he sees what he thinks is the roller coaster. Smoke was coming out of it and from in between the construction he could see something glow red with the light of the sun.They walk between metal contraptions and Simon leads the way, waiting for them, there were some fairchilds already talking and looking at the curled up creature. Smoke came out of its open mouth, however the creature seemed to be asleep.Once there they turn around and start to talk  quickly over each other making him get a headache.“Ok, we wake up the beasty and get Elias to check what it wants” Simon was grinning from ear to ear.“Of course, let us please” They grab a… he turns to Simon who mock whispers, megaphone, at him. “Good morning!!” The earth trembles and he sees the creature open one eye at the loud sound. It looked annoyed, but soon it seemed like it would try to sleep again.“Wait! We have someone to translate!! Please if we can negotiate!” A huff and it rolls slightly to the side.The sheer size of the dragon was honestly impressive, the red and orange glow of its scales created a nice warm illusion. Albeit it was far hotter around here than before. Its eyes were green.“Again, what can we do to make you stay in the mountains below? There is plenty of riches there to covet” It blinks a few times and makes a few growling noises albeit they were not threatening, just as if it was trying to say something.Elias takes his shot at checking what it is thinking.He did not expect what he got.
   I just need to lay an egg people, leave me alone, gold is cold, this place is warm and safe and magic. 

   I'm tired and afraid, mate is gone, first child- 
“Oh-” Simon turns to him with a grin.“So! What is it?” For her sake, he decides to omit the last part; he doesnt think its good to let them know she is not at her best.“Its just- its waiting to lay an egg, the gold is cold apparently and its warm here” He notices the creature lift her head a little bit and look at him with interest that make him step back a little, they are rather far away from her, she should not be able to-
   Little human is dragonborn? 
“God no”“What?”“I'm not a dragonborn, I can read minds, sort of” Simon pats his back and the dragon seems to mull it over, he can see her stiffen mintely and her pupils expand and narrow. She knows what he heard.
   Why not tell them? 
He can't answer her, so he shakes his head a little.
   ….Can you tell them to let me be please? I just… need somewhere to stay until the small one is ok please. 
“She wants to be left alone” Simon who he would assume wouldn not mind due to the creature being waiting to lay an egg seems rather conflicted.“That, unfortunately, i can't do, the place has to open soon and the rollercoaster is the main attraction, with all the extra heat she produces we need to check everything again to make sure its not going to break or be dangerous”Her tail hits the ground twice making the earth shake.
   I can't move, safe here, too late to fly off and wont move the egg once it's out. 
“She- she is too close to laying it to fly away now and she wont move it once its out for a while” He sees Simon sigh.“That complicates stuff then, I'm afraid I can't put my kingdom over you. It was nice to have you here while it lasted, but since we can't get an arrangement I need to do what's best!” He was about to ask, but he sees his eyes glow unnaturally so and the dragon seems to catch onto what its going to happen because it tries to get up in a panic, but she is not quick enough-So Elias being very stupid and thinking of Pasha steps in front of Simon and the dragon, the feeling of vertigo he gets its enough to make him sway and have his guards try to aproach him, he raises a hand to calm them down.“Wait, wait!! How- how about you include her in the park?? Like a- a temporary attraction”
   I'M NOT A TOY 
“Oh?” Simon was shocked at first, but he saw him look at him with a clinical eye.“Well she sleeps most of the time right? Just give her a space where the kids can see her undisturbed, plus once the egg hatches, a baby dragon is something to behold, not many people get to see it. Besides- once- once you feel like its safe would you leave for the mountains below?” He looks at her, he sees smoke come out of her nostrils and Elias is sweating, to Simon he tries to sell it more practical “Imagine how much more popular it would be for such a temporary view! Its technically a once in a lifetime opportunity?”The king seems to think about it.“She would need to move, but we can still get her a place in the park. There is a theater with an open roof, sort of a coliseum like the ones in the blood lands, we can repurpose it temporarily for her, food would be easy to deliver there too. Plus… I can make extra for people paying to see her. As long as you are ok with it?” He turns to her at that. She narrows her eyes.
   Rude man, smells like sky and freedom yet he is awfully practical. 
Elias snorts, she looks him over.
   Little king defended me. Mmm, you smell… odd, like fog, strangers and knowledge. Its hard to pinpoint which one is yours but its almost like a pack deal. 
He tries to remain calm, after all he is the only one who understands her.
   Fine, as long as they let me rest and have my spawn alone I will agree. But no kids touching me, their hands are dirty and I can't clean my scales otherwise. 

   I cannot defend otherwise. Do not want to harm small ones by accident. 
“She says yes as long as you let her rest and have her child alone, But do not let kids touch her, too dirty” Again the lie comes out seamlessly, Simon seems to be shaking on his feet out of excitement.“It 's a deal! May I have your word, my lady?” The small courtesy makes her snort in derision.
   Rude, but he knows what he is doing. Also call me Astra. I give you my word. 
“She gives you her word and to please call her Astra” Simon raises a fist in the air to celebrate while the rest of the Fairshilds join.
   Little king? Thank you 
Elias nods.“No problem”
   Mm, i do believe there is, if i had not agreed, but it's not important now. Since you almost got hurt for me and my child I will give you advice for free then. It seems like you need it.  
Elias freezes a little, dragons can and have usually useful advice, something about magic working different on them than with anyone else. Fairies existence lets them perceive things, but they are so scattered to a human, yet make sense to them that it comes out as half nonsense.Dragons are far more sturdy and they can explain better.
   You already found what you needed, and the answer to all the problems is simple. 

   Truth and love. 

   That is what will set you all free in a way. 

   Those you think are on the wrong might not be as much as you think, and those you love might be wrong, but not out of evil reasons. People make mistakes because they are fundamentally people and they are afraid. 

   Of hurting, being left behind or unloved. 

   That's all I can say, with any hope you will realize what I mean before it's too late. 
He wants to ask  more what does that have to do with the missing prince prophecy, but for now with Simon around and everyone in ear range he can only nod and mumble a thank you.She huffs.
   Thank you, may my child know of your kindness one day.  
He is not sure of its kindness but he will take it. Elias just… didn't see the need to kill it, besides a baby dragon is something that is very unlikely to see and he is curious.
  
  
Simon shows him the theater he mentioned and he has to admit, it has the perfect size and space to house her and her child, while keeping the humans away enough to not bother her.“Plus food can be left from the back doors”“Its perfect”“It is! It will also make everyone so excited, ohhh Titania will be so pleased” Elias decides to play it cool.“Yes, she will be I assume, she likes dragons right?” He sees him nod.“She adores them, shame they aren't part of her domain, but she appreciates the sheer size and space they have along with their freedom you know?” “Mm, i can see it… say Simon, were you really going to drop her?” He doesn't answer right away, merely checks the theater around while mumbling about putting some glass panels or something to make sure people don't try to touch her.“....Simon?”“I don't know if i liked you more  before or now” He feels a smidge of dread.“Apologies i won't-”“But...I think its perhaps for the better. Sometimes I forget myself too. It's been so long and I'm not who I used to be. I… would not have done that before. You just reminded me of it. I love my Titania and I'm glad for the life she gave me, but it is true that I have become a little bit too careless. Its why I like to adopt many Fairchilds, you know? Humans give me perspective, but they are also family too and its hard to say no to that”Simon walks camly to him, he is usually energetic and childish, but the times where you can see how old he is are very off putting.“Thank you, did not expect to say that old friend, but it's the truth, i don't know how you changed so much, but i'm glad you did” Elias feels like he is not quite talking to him, but for some reason he feels… somewhat touched. Even if the reason why is not clear.“You are welcome?” He sees his smile turn a little bit more lively.“How about I give you a tour and then we go back for lunch, you must wish to sight see” He agrees. The park was beautiful, truly, he would not get in most of the games, but it was marvelously constructed.When they go back to the castle they walk through a hallway with more portraits, again most of them were quite boring, but his eye catches one of a man with red hair and grey eyes with a woman he assumes must be related to him, Simon notices his stare and turns to look before grinning.“That is Jonah! Lovely woman next to him is his mother Edith. He asked to make it as a gift for her, but she passed before I could give it. Jonah was sort of heartbroken and told me to keep it. I think they had recently made up and he wanted to surprise her” He blinks several times, this is the man that accidentally got the tunnels created huh? He was about to move but saw another painting, smaller in scale, that also sort of caught his eye. Again it's another man completely different from Jonah, but his eyes were the same color.“Oh that's James, also a friend… both were very clever, but again rather devoid of morality. One would think you would get better at it, but I suppose there are lessons to be learned. Albeit I do think this time they might get it right-” Ugh nonsense again.He rolls his eyes and tells him he is hungry so they go to get lunch. He does think a few times about the paintings and wonders why the eyes seemed familiar. Or why Edith looked sort of like his mother.By the time he is done he tells Rosie he will walk around the city, she joins him. He wishes she would leave him alone, but it would be suspicious. God he prays those two did not get in trouble.He wants to go to a few museums, but Rosie feels more like sightseeing and buying some clothes, which again is valid. One would think that as king she would bend on it, but she gives him a scoff.“Have you seen the fashion here?” Which he cannot deny, so he does go. Maybe he can sneak Peter and Pasha the next day to the museums.Everything is high quality, and some clothes and objects are enchanted.Coats that get dry instantly or are always warm for winter, bracelets that help you remember stuff, not even talking about the potions.Magic and mundanity are mixed up perfectly.Rosie gets several dresses that will look very eye-catching back in Operior, Elias gets some coats and shirts and a few trinkets for himself. Of course some for Pasha and Peter too, but by god he will give them those when he gets back as intended, won't reward them now.The afternoon is peaceful and by the time they go back he enters his room to change expecting them to be back.They aren't there. Dread starts to set it, but perhaps they took his suggestion to go back after dinner seriously. He tries to see if he can find Peter with his bracelet, but it seems he wasn't wearing it when Pasha got Helen to take him.Why would he? She literally picked him up during the night and dropped him in his bed with barely a change of clothes.Trying to relax he goes to read a book and await dinner or his companions return. Hours pass but they aren't there, after a very short dinner with Simon and managing to successfully avoid the kitchen staff he takes some extra food and goes to his room.He prays they are there.But as he opens the door… neither man or changeling are there.His gut churns. Where the hell are they?Ok… ok, Elias needs to relax, maybe they are trying to get inside, but dont know how? Maybe. Perhaps something happened in town and they got caught? Hurt? Are they imprisoned??? He asks.It takes a while for his patron to manage something akin to an answer.The only thing he gets its… water.He shivers.Water… they are in the floating islands there is not that much water here- Elias has a brief flash of a place he saw with Rosie that day, so he puts on a coat hides his face with his hood and goes out avoiding any guards.It must take him… 40 minutes to reach the correct island, since he had to wait between bridges to get there and avoid people. Elias was too paranoid, lights are dimmer, it is late, but the islands were rather safe so it was ok. He can see some people walk around, fae, elves, humans- All talking and smiling, it is quite beautiful. Bulbs of floating lights of different colors illuminate the path to what he had seen in the morning, yet did not pay attention at the moment since it had been off.The water fountain was having a show. The enchanted water moved and flowed to the music, the lights were shining around it creating a show of light during the night so espectacular it was eye catching. In the middle of the fountain there was a statue of a woman- He figured it was Titania, since her likeness is in pretty much everything around. She is after all the king's trusted advisor but also the land maker. Everyone adored their fairy queen of the sky.He was sure it would be her-Yet-The woman in the fountain could not look any different.Elias looks for Peter and Pasha. After a little bit he can see a familiar man with a child on his arms looking at the show and statue from the opposite end. Elias runs, the closer he gets the more he sees Peter is not looking at the show like Pasha who was making excited noises and humming the song.“Pe- Peter? Pasha?” She turns to him and grins with sharp teeth, her ears are uncovered and he can see her tail poking out. He was about to scold her when he notices a few more supernatural kids watching with their parents, all with their own set of oddities.Elias swallows and smiles shakily.“Hey princess”“Lie! Lie!!” She tries to reach him and Peter barely manages to hold her before she jumps towards him.“Omfff Pasha!” She starts to press her little cheeks into his face while giggling and kissing his cheek.“Love Lie, Pasha has fun!!” He can breathe more easily now that he knows they are fine.“Yes, i'm glad. I worried, its late and i didnt see you back…”“Sowy, i wanted to see the show….” He turns to Peter who looks a little bit pale so he frowns and tries to touch his face.“Are you ok?” That snaps him out of it and he nods before coughing a little bit.“Yeah… im. I'm fine” He doesn't believe him one bit, but he decides taking them back to the castle will be for the best. He notices a few bags at his feet so they bought things in his absence. He would rather not think they stole so he pretends he doesn't see it.“Shall we go once its over?” Pasha asks too, so Peter nods. Now that they are safe he can relax enough to watch the strange statue better.The woman was… kind of beautiful, she had a kind smile that juxtaposed with Titania's constant grins. Her clothes were also different, a puffy pleated skirt with a simple shirt, her hair was in a bun and she was wearing a flower crown, from her feet fog creeped into the water. Elias tilts his head trying to figure out who that was.He sees a small gold sign so he walks a few steps and reads it.
   Mimsy the fog faery queen. 

   I hope you find your way back here one day my dear. 

   I will keep the sky blue and bright for you for as long as it takes.  

   With love Titania 
Elias thinks and recalls Simon mentioning her as the friend Titania was staying with after her child runned away.“... She looks oddly kind for being the queen of the fog”“Yeah… she does, doesn't she?” Elias nods.“Would expect her to be, I don't know, kind of a downer, but then again you have fog magic and are quite cheerful” Peter doesn't say anything but shrugs.“uH, Miss Nikola said she was dumb cause she got herself stuck” Elias frowns.“Pasha-”“It is kind of dumb, to get yourself stuck” Peter sounds off, so he bumps shoulders with him and frowns.“Still its not nice to call her dumb Pasha. Mostly because she is a fairy queen. Guess it makes sense now why Titania is staying with her then, if she is having an  emotion she is probably wrecking chaos wherever she is” Fairy queens whose emotions go haywire are volatile and dangerous to the extreme.“Or in the worst case getting herself hurt which is also terrible” The thing is, you can't kill the major magic entities.What they do if sufficient damage is done to them is return as kids and start over.Annabelle’s spider, or Jane’s wasp would merely return as smaller versions of themselves while those who have more human shapes become childrens who still have full magical rangeHe hears Peter let out a breath. Pasha tugs at him.“That's sad, will become small then, will forget if she is hurt, so sad then… forgetting is the worst, Pasha would know” He nods. Soon the show ends, the little girl  starts humming a different song. Its the one Peter usually uses to make her fall asleep. When he squeezes her a little she replies.“Like the song, its the one dad hums to Pasha, its nice but sad” he tilts his head, sad?“Peter?” Said man turns to him, its very odd not seeing his usual face, but he can recognize the blank look as him not wanting to speak about whatever is bothering him.“Lets go back yeah?” He sees him nod. Pasha asks if she can hold their hands, Elias nods and puts her down, soon she takes a hand from each of them and swings them softly.“If you are blueeee, and you feel the gloom! I will be just theeeere, hoooolding youuuur haaand. Don't fret for me! For I will keep you safe-! Please go to sleep and dream of little me!” Pasha sings, the rhythm matches that of the song she was humming. Peter stops.“Pasha?”“Mm?”“Where did you get those lyrics?” She blinks at him confusedly.“Its the song!! Its what it says, dad sings it like that” Peter looks puzzled.“I just hum, it doesn't have lyrics” She shakes her head.“It does!! It's the song, the music is there, it says that!” Elias did not hear anything but…“Perhaps.. its a magic thing? Maybe only fairies can hear it? I know you say we can interpret them, but some things must be only possible for them to understand” Peter seems pensive and perplexed.“Can you sing all of it? I never heard it before” She smiles softly and nods.
   If you are blue, and you feel the gloom! I will be just there, holding your hand.  

   Don't fret for me! For I will keep you safe so please go to sleep and dream of little me! 

   The world in your dreams, I hope it's bright and clear. When you are awake, you always make my day!  

   I hope you know my dear how much I love to see you grin, even if its small, it lights up with joy. 

   But even when you smile, you always seem so sad and it breaks my heart, because I know that it's my fault. 

   Maybe one day you will sail away, I know that its your dream and I hope you get it dear. 

   Even when i'm sad the world sees my smile, but you are the one who has brought it truly back. 

   When I saw you dear I knew what was wrong with me. I used to think that I was good, but now I know that it's not true anymore 

   All I ever want is for you to live my child, to sail away and maybe one day, meet you away from this awful place. 

   But now it's late and I will sing my song and pray that you will forgive me my love. 

   So dream of little of me, i can only hope that i bring you comfort, even when you are sad. 

   I hope this brings you a smile. And if it wont, then I will repent for my little son. 

   For I love you so much more than you will ever know. 

   Please go to sleep and dream of living free. 

   I'm sorry my star for all that I have done. 

   Please go to sleep and forget about little ol’me. 

   I don't deserve the love that I got anymore. 

   Please go to sleep and dream of- 
Pasha stops. Elias throat is clogged and his eyes are wet, he is struggling very much to not let a tear fall. Peter is actually sniffling.“Does… does it end up there?” She nods.They were back at the castle and he guided them to his room. The moment they are in, the taller man takes off the bracelet and looks like himself, Pasha changes to her blob shape and Elias, tired and feeling oddly bereft, changes there. Peter sort of flounders for a little, but eventually he puts on the sleeping clothes he woke up in. Elias gets in bed and in what he considers record time, the sailor joins him.“Sorry if I made you sad…” The room is dark and the little changeling is between them. She whispers softly.“No… it's ok, i… am grateful for it” Elias knows there is something bigger going on, but Peter sounds miserable and the song actually moved him.So he just sighs and turns to his side and hugs the man who stiffens but ends up taking a deep breath and lets him hold him.“Ok?”“...Yes, sorry its just-”“... I won't ask Peter” Its quiet, he feels Pasha crawl her way closer and he lets her cuddle them.“Its what my nanny sang to me..... Elias?Thank you” He nods a little.“Mm… tomorrow, do you want to go see the island and underwater city?” He feels his nod.“Yeah, it will be nice… I saw a few museums too… didn't get to go” An exasperated sigh.Better.“We will go to the museums you menace”“Yaays!”Pasha squeals and Elias chuckles.“Good, maybe in the morning i tell you about the dragon”“Yeah the dragon….” Elias waits.“I forgot about the dragon!!” Smiling, he tells him to wait till morning.“But-”“Mm, its way too late, just sleep please, i stole food from the kitchen so you have breakfast at least” “Fine!” Elias is very tired, but he is warm and the others are ok.its all that matters.He dreams of a little boy playing alone on the beach, when he calls out to him he is a kid again and they end up building sand castles.The boy’s grin is familiar and sad.Fog rolls in but it feels… friendly.Elias wakes up to Pasha and Peter both holding him. He is happy.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  They are tangled in bed again, his face is pressed to Peter’s neck and he is just-

  So done with not getting what he wants. Or maybe that's not quite right, Elias always gets what he wants one way or another, yet this one thing escapes him. He breathes in, Pasha is moving behind his back,she must have changed places during the night to not be squeezed.

  His lips brush the taller man’s neck by accident. 

  He wishes he could kiss him, but he knows its out of place, the entire thing is out of place, but Elias is selfish as he has always been and cannot refuse himself this. The physical touches, the naps- At this rate he cant help to admit he craves the company, Peter gets overwhelmed when there are too many people so he goes to be alone. Its not bad, because eventually they come back together.

  Elias also likes his solitude when needed, but this kind of goes beyond that. He is happy with his company and also by knowing he chooses to come to him when they are apart. Still he is very possessive and its… not great.

  But he is trying, this time he will. He thinks about his life before meeting this insufferable man and realizes how…. empty it was. He hopes he has brought him joy too.

  Elias wants to stay in bed all morning long, but resolves that they need to get up soon if they want to explore the museums, and the cities below. If this is a small vacation he will take it.

  After tomorrow he will prepare to go back and they will need to go with Helen back to Operior. So he needs to make it count, its why with a lot of dissatisfaction he starts to try to get up. Try is the key word, both man and changeling grab him the moment he tries to move away. Peter’s legs tangle up with his trapping him and Elias has to keep himself from laughing nervously at the feeling.

  “Peter? Peter is morning, we need to get up, we won't be able to sight see…. let me up please” The man groans and just holds him closer still.

  “Sleeby” Pasha is squirming behind him. Good lord, ok, new plan. Peter first, biggest obstacle anyways. Elias decides to cause problems just to get him up-

  “
  
    Oh Peter-” 
  
  He lowers his tone and uses one hand to touch his chest playfully “Didn't know you wanted me for yourself so ba-” The man squacks and rolls over almost falling from the bed, Pasha whines and he finally gets to grab her and hushes her. While trying to not laugh or feel offended at the reaction. 

  “Lets get you both something to eat while i go get breakfast and we can go to the island below, maybe even the underwater city” The sigh of the taller man tangled in the sheets looking deranged and flushing slightly makes him laugh. Yes, he thinks, Elias will enjoy this day as much as he can.

  He picks up some clothes and goes to the bathroom to prepare for the day, taking a shower to make the process quicker he comes out drying his hair to the sight of Peter poking Pasha who was munching on some of the meat he got from the day before.

  “Tireeed”

  “Mm, that's what happens when you go to sleep late. Now why won't we-” He smiles and pats his shoulder a little. 

  “I will see Simon for breakfast and make an excuse to go for Rosie and the guards, wait for me here ok?”

  “Yeah, yeah. Wait- what about the dragon you promised to tell me what happened?” Elias merely shrugs.

  “Oh, she is pregnant only, was making a nest. I managed to convince Simon to just let her stay as a temporary attraction, since otherwise he would have dropped her with his magic. She is, I will admit a very impressive sigh, she was huge and beautiful. Plus… rather nice” Peter seems impressed and Elias would like to show him the memory but his magic makes it impossible. Still his shoulders seem to tense when he mentions Simon dropping her.

  “He… would have really just… let her fall?” Elias nods lightly.

  “We talked after, I asked, he said… that its been so long since he was human that he sometimes forgets himself. Heh, he actually thanked me for defending her and made him remember himself a little if you can believe it” The taller one seems to nod.

  “Do you think… that it changes you so much? Being turned into a…” He drifts off and Elias hesitates.

  “I'm not sure, I think… you would know better considering your relationship with Helen. I have only ever known Simon as he is, so i have no frame of comparasition to know how much one can change. He admits he has, but that's all I know” It doesn't seem to set him at ease but he nods.

  “Well, your highness, shall you go to eat? We will behave and change, i did acquire some clothes''

  “Pasha got dresses!!” Smiling at her he nods and turns around to go. He hopes things turn out well today.
 
  Breakfast is peaceful, he speaks with Simon and tells him he will go to explore the island below on his own a litte.

  “Oh? That's surprising. I can offer a guide if you wish” Shaking his head, he tries to come up with an excuse.

  “I will admit it's tempting, but as you said i never get to see the place on my own, and if i get escorted it becomes too hard to blend in, don't you think? Maybe when its your turn to organize the dance you may give me a tour” Simon seems a little perplexed, but soon it turns to amusement.

  “Well if you say so!! Will you inform your little entourage?”

  “I will speak with them later. Yes, thank you for your hospitality and kindness” Politeness is necessary and a basic instinct.

  “Oh you, no need for so many formalities, after all you were the one who did me the biggest favour. Speaking of, I will take my chance to bring you products while taking you back as per our new trading agreement! You can send some back to me later on. I will provide ships since I know it will take some time for you to get your own. In fact… maybe I shall give you one after all!!! i did promise payment… mm” He starts to ramble and Elias listens and corrects him when his ideas become too far fetched.

  God knows he would give him a flying machine if he doesn't stop him.
 
  Rosie questions him, but he goes with another approach.

  “I want to get some presents for Pasha and Peter, plus I would like to see the place on my own for once... Besides I thought you would appreciate some alone time since I saw you showing off to mister Cre-” She flushes and looks like she wants to push him to stop, but remembers herself at the last moment.

  “I think- that's quite enough, yes go and get some presents. Go!” He smirks smugly and starts to walk away when he hears her again before she runs off, knowing she would get in trouble.

  “Yes, do get your future husband and daughter some presents my liege” 

  “ROSIE!” She is gone of course, but he feels his face burn. God he is going to give her so much work when he comes back, she will be helping with accounting and taxes. Oliver will certainly be glad to have some backup help.
 
  Peter is dressed up quite nicely, enough so that he stumbles a little before complimenting his looks. The blue and silver shirt and coat are contrasting and it looks very good on him, the sleeves were pulled up and he could see the tattoos on his skin, they were also fitting. Pasha for her part was again a child, and she was wearing a nice green dress with gold and silver details that made him smile. It also was made for her tail. 

  He still wonders about why she kept that, but decides it would probably be rude to ask. Her hair was in a braid that she seemed enthralled about.

  “Look! Foggy Dad helped” Peter shrugs and seems to be trying to hide his face.

  “My sister made me learn how to braid her hair…” He thinks briefly about July and her hair being usually on a braid or a ponytail at the cafe. He tries to not frown or ask too much.

  “Well… you did very well, I will admit. I'm impressed” He catches a sheepish look before turning to Pasha with a smile.

  “Yes! Pasha looks pretty!!” Kneeling down a little he pats her head.

  “You look very pretty, almost like a princess!” Her slitted pupils go round like a cats and its just so adorable. Her excitement is palpable.

  “Like a 
  
    real 
  
  princess?” He thinks about princesses, to be fair most of the princesses or queens of the other kingdoms are terrifying in one way or another… but he does recall Agnes in her younger years before her ascension to the throne, so quiet and yet burning fiercely. 

  “Yeah, like a real princess, now let's get you up to go, we will see a few museums up here and then go to the island and underwater part of the city. What do you think?” She nods and squeals, her face sort of shifts a few times in her excitement and eventually settles.

  He pokes her.

  “Careful”

  “Eyeee. It's ok! It's ok they don't care, Pasha can be her in here” It is true…

  “I know, and i'm happy, maybe eventually i can open up the kingdom too, but don't forget yourself ok?” She looks at him startled.

  “Lie- Lie would do that for Pasha?” Peter comes and picks her up.

  “Well that would quite a sight and Elias likes you right?” He nods.

  “Of course. Now, let's go. Peter the bracelet” He grumbles but offers his wrist and Elias puts it on changing his appearance. Pasha cheers and hugs the sailor, albeit she starts to cough a little bit.

  “Did you catch a cold?”

  “Nuuu, lets go, Pasha is fine” She seemed ok, and after touching her forehead, he decided to let it rest.

  “Elias she is fine, cmon, we don't have all day”

  “Yes, yes, let me check no one is here and- yes perfect, lets go” He grabs his wrist, while Peter holds Pasha with his other arm. They have a ten minute opening to go out.
 
  The town is as animated as the day before, Elias takes the time to go to the museums of the history of the place, it explains how originally Aella was an island, but after Simon became king by winning a contest against the previous monarch he took matters into his own hands alongside Titania.

  The illustrations are beautiful and all painted by Simon himself.

  Truly this was the… public accepted version. Admitting that he merely killed the king and that the fairy living there took a shine to him and fell in love was interesting. But not something that should be openly said.

  Mostly due to Titania being one of the primordial fae, that is always something that should be kept close. They are royalty.

  His own patron, despite not giving him a familiar, was a primordial one too. Which he still finds odd, even Peter admits that it is weird. Should the entity itself not wish to make itself know they do give you a proxy.

  Neither him or Gertrude got one.

  Which begs the question as to what happened.

  Asking gives no results, because the answer he gets its-

  
    Not worth to send one
  

  And what the everloving hell does that mean? What does it mean by not worth it???? Is he not worth it-

  That as he subconsciously holds Peter’s hand, is a particular downward spiral that he is not willing to have right now, not when he is trying to enjoy himself.

  “Did I tell you how I learned to swim?” Elias is distracted by that. Pasha is looking around and they are watching a very well made representation of the kingdom.

  “..No? I assume your nanny must have taught you” He shakes his head.

  “My uncle… he kept throwing me to the rivers near my home and expected me to get out” He freezes and is about to ask if he was ok-

  “They were not deep, they are more like canals, there are a few ones that if you stand you can touch the ground, he did it and instructed me how to float and then swim to the sides. Eventually when I got the hang of it he took me to the ocean and it was more scary but by then I was used to being flinged by surprise to the water so I managed” He feels his thumb pressing lightly on his hand and Elias is painfully aware that they are holding hands in public.

  “Did no one stop him- i mean it was dangerous, what if you drowned-!” He bumps into him.

  “My nanny was very mad, but he said that who else was going to show me otherwise. Which yes, true. Once they talked it out, she waited and watched in case she needed to intervene. But it was unnecessary i was fine and was honestly quite fun i will admit” 

  “You are so weird” But it had no heat, not really, Peter was weird and the man was very proud of it.

  “I am! What a wonderful thing it is”

  “Da!! Look at the little clouds!!!” Small puffy clouds came out of a tiny machine and she kept bursting them almost like bubbles. He laughs and they spend a while longer on the museum before going to the descending post, mister Crew wasn't on duty today so that's something. He sat next to Peter while the changeling was on his other side. When the drop happened it was almost as if all air got punched out of him for a few seconds, then it went back to normal.

  “De-definetly not for someone- with a… a weak heart”

  “Yeah-”

  “Agaaaaain!!” He has to restrain her from jumping up, the man in charge who thank god wasn't a Fairchild was laughing and cheering. Unprofessional, he would talk with Simon but he would probably give him a raise.
 
  They reach the island.

  Like the floating isles, this was also a sight to behold, it was all connected to the sea, the houses were all painted in light colors, the sand was white and the water was see through. He could see in the village closer to the woods the giant fungus that he knew was bioluminescent during the night, it was very beautiful to see during the afternoon as the moss and mushrooms illuminated the place. Not only that but there were the trees with glowing leaves in the distance too. 

  Pasha was bouncing on her feet and he could see a few food stands so he pointed to them and the tables near the beach. Peter nods and picks up Pasha who squeals.

  “Dad!!” Elias smiles and she laughs at Peter spinning her. Buying some food they sit to eat and talk, Pasha munches happily and her tail swishes. Peter is looking around too in amazement.

  “Do you like it?” He takes a breath and nods.

  “I always wanted- my… nanny told me a lot about his place, i always wanted to see it. She used to live here before working at the house….” He has a pensive look that reminds him of the song Pasha sang. Shifting in place he pats his hand.

  “Its a lovely place, Simon is lucky, i mean, if you get 500 years uninterrupted to make such a thing of course the kingdom would look like this. Imagine if I could live that long? Opperior would be incredible” Peter snorts.

  “What?! It would!”

  “I'm not saying it wouldn't its just that i feel you would spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to get a way to observe everyone all the time” He will not mention his ideas about the magic net he had been discussing with Simon and Annabelle before her untimely demise. Instant messages for everyone across the continent thanks to magic and technology…

  A main tower in Opperior and Aella. The third one was supposed to be in Hilltop, but that crashed and burned. Albeit… he ponders if there is a magical substitute to let the fairies be involved, perhaps like that it would be easier to introduce them to society-

  “Stop that, you look like you are scheming, we are having fun. You are also definitely thinking about something like it aren't you?” He takes a sip of his drink.

  “No….” Peter lifts an eyebrow.

  “Lie, is lying!!”

  “No im not!”

  “Uhuuuu”

  “Nouh” She sticks her tongue out at him and he does the same, both get startled by the sound of Peter choking on his drink while laughing.

  “I- you-hahahaha” He is red in the face but his smile is blinding and Elias feels his heart being squeezed. Its not his face due to the bracelet, but he still can tell its him and it makes him smile despite scolding him.

  “Oh hush you”
 
  They walk around and sight see while buying stuff, he gets a few presents that he will give them once they are back, it wont do to reward them for their little trick. Elias also buys himself some more clothes and magical items that he finds interesting. He has after all to make sure Rosie buys it that he was merely doing his own thing.

  They move closer to the town with the glowing trees. The reverse waterfall was near the entrance, Pasha asks if she could float there too.

  “I do not think-”

  “Oh it's safe sir, that zone has a magical field that makes things float, kids adore it” A woman kindly points it out and Pasha grins almost splits her face- Literally, he was about to cover her but the woman laughs.

  “Haven't seen one of your kind in a while kid, let your dads help you up, but do not become small or you will float too high ok?” She nods and lifts her arms towards him so he carefully helps her up and releases her after she asks. Pasha floats around the water going upwards and he sees a few kids join her.

  The changeling stays to the side almost as if nervous and he wants to bring her down, but Peter points out to something and he turns.

  There is a small booth with the woman and a machine that he sees people enter for a few minutes and then go out after picking up something.

  “What is that?”

  “This? Oh, it's an invention to take images. Like an instant painting. We have two modes, normal one in which you take a picture of you at the moment and the magic one where you can get images of a memory in particular. Do you want to take one? We can wait until your daughter is done playing!” Elias is trying to wrap his mind around the concept and is very tempted to get Simon to sell him the construction of it as payment from the dragon thing-

  “Maybe later when we are done exploring” She shughs and Peter gives him a look.

  “That is-”

  “Impressive yeah, we are definitely taking some later” They watch Pasha play on her own for a while. They talk and look around, he passes a few shops and notices a small object being sold.

  A mood bracelet. Elias has an idea, so he tells the man to wait for him and buys the magic item. Hopefully she will like it.

  They pick their tiny companion up and after a while of sight seeing, they decide to head back to go see the underwater city. Only after they make a stop to the bathroom and then to get a picture at the machine. They enter and sit, the woman tells them how to use it and leaves them alone to their own devices. Peter quickly takes off the bracelet and Elias grins, Pasha was trying her best to make a funny face. So he pokes her cheek.

  “Ok, let's do this” He presses the button and selects the instant one first, he has a few memories he would like to get but those he will choose on his own.

  Peter leans close to him, while Pasha sits on their laps smiling, the first one its them like that, the second one Pashe makes a funny face so Elias laughs and Peter grins while poking her.

  Finally in the third one Elias kisses Peter’s cheek making him flush.

  He picks up the pictures. 

  The second one was for the little changeling, the first one for the sailor and he keeps the third one.

  “Oh just wanted to see your face dear-!” Peter grumbles but puts on the magical item while holding Pasha who won't stop staring at the picture.

  He knows which memories he wants pictures off.

  …

  …

  …

  Elias has 5, Peter took 4 and Pasha asked for 2.

  Peter wont show him the ones he got, considering his past it makes sense he won't speak about it. Pasha shows him the two she got.

  One is the two of them asleep, the other is Helen and Tim playing with her. She clutches them to her chest along with the one with the three of them.

  “Pasha will treasure this” He feels a spike of warmth for this little odd creature that wormed her way into his heart.

  “Good” His own were…

  His mother playing the piano when he was a child, Barnabas and Jonathan at his last birthday with the three of them, Peter sleeping on his lap in the fairy land, Pasha curling up against him.

  Peter smiling down at him at his birthday party.

  He keeps them in his pocket, he will also treasure them.

  Soon they go back to the beach were they take a small boat towards the water, the entrance to the underwater part is placed in a small metal dock, in the middle of the water. Once they reach it, they are taken to the “elevator” and go down and down to the bottom of the ocean.

  As magnificent as this is, it makes him very uncomfortable too, if anything goes wrong it would all just crush them underwater. It reminds him too much of the tunnels, but he did want to see how the project advanced. So he merely tries to not think of all the water surrounding them. 

  After almost 15 minutes where his ears pop, the lift pings and the door opens to a grand entrance, the golden details and high ceilings take away the claustrophobic feeling of impending doom at least. A man welcomes them and offers to give them a tour.

  “Its not open for living yet, we are still working on tha ut we have several entertainment facilities and of course the view!! Not every day you get to see something quite like it!” 

  “Well! That sounds interesting, but if you could give us a map-”

  “Oh yes of course,  here let me-” Peter grabs the paper while Pasha bounced around looking at the place.

  “Have a good time sirs!! The place closes around 6 for tourists, so enjoy until then!” Nodding he calls to his daugh-

  … He takes a breath.

  He calls for Pasha who runs to him and pulls at his wrist in excitement. 

  “Where where!!!” Peter is looking around and shows him the page, there is playground for childrens, an art gallery, a food court-

  Elias is honestly surprised at all the things it has. The fact that the living spaces are missing is honestly surprising, but he reckons that it must be more complicated to arrange for the 24/7 living situation of people than to have it open for a few hours during the day to tourists.

  He lets Peter pick.

  “Mm, i would actually like to see the view, we can go around later and see the art gallery-” Nodding they walk towards the exit.

  Its when they reach the first bridge between buildings that he gets hit with the realization of where they are. They wait until the door opens and its safe to pass, but the walls are transparents and they can see outside for the first time.

  Usually it should be dark as they are very deep into the water.

  However, just like on the island there were bioluminescent mushrooms, underwater there were algae and moss.

  The city shines, and it is a city, buildings talls as towers all connected by bridges, he can feel the magic vibrating around the place, both of his companions let out amazed wows, next to him and he is not that far behind. Fish swims around, all with the same light sources, some look strange, practically see through, others are more normal. They watch for a few more minutes and move, this is just a small part of what they could see.
 
  The actual view comes from the room they are in, its the middle point, all the walls surrounding them were made of magical glass that let them see the full scope of the place. The amount of constructions-

  The ones, done and the ones in progress, he can see at the bottom how they are making an actual garden, there is a bubble keeping it safe from collapsing on itself. In fact there are just bubbles staying in place, where plateaus with parks just lying around. The flora is all consistent with the bioluminescent plants, making it look like tiny stars floating around. Elias was filling his eyes with the view, when a giant eye passed next to him making him yelp. It blinks and swims around.

  Oh god-

  He starts to sweat, Elias thought Opal was getting big.

  “You think Opal will get that big?” He pales while Pasha waves at the creature.

  “Im-”

  “If she stays around Opperior she will grow some more but dont think she will reach that size. Sea Serpents and all the other creatures only grow that big in here, i think its the magic around the waters” 

  “Oww, it would have been cool, Lie could have a giant Opal!!” He shakes his head.

  “I don't think we could feed her if she got that big Pash” Peter stands behind him and he presses against his back. Elias' hands sweat, but not due to the giant monster.

  “Don't think so, she would probably need to start eating vessels or humans”

  “Why… is it not attacking?” He feels him take a breath.

  “If my uncle explained it correctly? It's because of the Fae and the king, they kind of control them, plus here they have the food they need, no reason to attack the humans” Good lord.

  “That's… interesting” His voice grows more high pitched and Peter nudges him a little.

  “Do you want to see the gardens? There is an entire building full of them apparently, it serves to let the people relax” He nods and they go.
 
  Peter gets him a few flowers native from there.

  “Thought you might like them, they shine in the dark”

  “I don't think i will be able to keep them alive, the weather is too different” Pasha is hanging from some vines and he is trying his best to not freak out too much.

  “Oh i asked, apparently they are easy to keep as inside plants, just a few things and-” Pasha stops using her hands and he tries to catch her, but she keeps herself up with her tail.

  “No hands Lie!!!” He is going to have a heart attack.

  “You are trying to kill me-”

  “Oh calm down, i used to do that all the time, my sister threw stuff at me to get me down” Elias stares at him.

  “That's not normal you know that-”

  “Oh my brothers and sisters did that too with each other!! Timmy did it to Danny too, Sasha remembers it”

  “What-” He pinches the bridge of his nose. 

  “Fine- fine”

  Pasha sees a plush toy of a sea serpent and asks if they can get it for her. He says that they won't be able to-

  “Sure” Peter just takes out money and he kicks him.

  “Did Pasha behave? Or did she drag Peter away with Helen against mine and his wishes?” She frowns and kicks the ground.

  “No?”

  “Then can she get a plushy?”

  “...y-” He gives her a face “No, but i just-” He shakes his head.

  “I'm sorry but you can't” Her lip wobbles and he is very much preparing for the temper tantrum.

  “But- but she wants plushie, Pasha will be good she promises, please-”

  “Aren't you making a scene now?” She stops and looks at him and then at Peter who is shuffling uncomfortably.

  “Elias, it's just a toy…”

  “Yes, but if we give her everything she asks she will think she can get away with it. So no, no plushie. Now let's see some more, and then we can go up ok? Its getting late and we need to go back before it gets too dark” She sniffles and hiccups, but doesnt yell or scream.

  “Lie, meanie. Lie doesn't like Pasha-” He pats her head.

  “I do, but you need to learn, i mean it when i said you will be grounded once i get back” She makes sad chirping noises, and a few of the supernatural parents give them understanding looks.

  “I wanted a plushie like Opal, she is alone in the water-!” He keeps walking and asks Peter if he wants to get something to eat, there is a store that sells pastries. He looks like he sucked on a lemon, but Elias shakes his head. He has a point to make.

  “Da?!”

  “Im-”

  “Peter…” His face gets redder and redder and he was about to ask, when Peter suddenly gets a coughing fit that makes him double in half. Pasha bumps into his leg in surprise.

  “Da ok?? Eye!! What's wrong-” Oh shit, he looks around and drags him to sit him down, he sees a little shop.

  “I will get you some water, Pasha stay with him ok? I will be right back” Elias makes a run for it in record time he will admit. He has to wait for a lady to buy her stupid candy, but he gets the water.

  By the time he is back Peter is still red in the face, but he can breath easily, Pasha is curled up next to him.

  “Here!” He almost throws it at him in his haste, the sailor is startled but accepts and drinks in small sips.

  “Than- thanks”

  “What happened??”

  “Mm. A fit- hadnt had one in a while. Sorry” Pasha is hugging his side and sniffling, when he tries to pick her up she hisses and burrows her face on Peter. It stings, but he has to put some limits somewhere.

  “Maybe we should head back now…” The man shakes his head vehemently,

  “I'm fine! Just a little fit, its- its fine. Lets go to the playground” He pokes the small child.

  “There are a lot of games there to play at-” 

  “I want dad to be ok” Peter's face falls and he sighs tiredly.

  “I am now, I promise. Let's go ok?” He sees her nod, and get down, she still holds the man’s hand with a tight grip. He gives him a look, but Peter nods so he relents.

  They reach the playground where human and fae children all run amok while the parents are sitting down watching them, Pasha stays with them, but he sees her eyeing the place from time to time.

  “You can go, we came so you could play, Pa-”

  “Nu, i will stay here. Want… Pasha wants to be happy, wants happy memories…” Her face scrunches up and she blinks a few times what he thinks are tears away. It does eat at him, but she will be too spoiled otherwise.

  He has gifts for her, but he has to wait.

  “Ok… ok, i will get something sweet to eat, you wait here”

  
  

  When he comes back he sees Peter sitting alone, he can't see Pasha in the playground.

  “Where-” A small goopy shadow pokes her head from under the man's sleeve.

  “Too tired, Pasha is warm here” The man shrugs, so he offers her some sweet apples that she munches on happily while he and Peter eat and talk about the place. Its more peaceful he will admit.

  
  

  Eventually they need to go, Peter tells him he needs to go to the bathroom so they should wait near the entrance for him, he agrees and grabs the little shadow from his hands. Pasha fights him about it and tries to hold onto the man, who squishes her and says he will be back soon.

  It's quiet and she is just bubbling up from time to time in his hands.

  “Listen… I need you to understand, i cant give you everything you want, not when you do something… you weren't supposed to”

  “Pasha just wanted to be with you and dad. Pa- I want to have happy memories. My happy memories” He sighs.

  “But it was just a few weeks, you could have waited. I would have come back”

  “....P- I just need to… i love Eye and dad” 

  “I love you too, but I need you to listen to me when I tell you to do something. You will grow to be spoiled rotten otherwise. It's not as if I don't want to, but i only wish you to understand so when you are older you can be better” Pasha squirms.

  “Does Lie want Pasha for that long?” He snorts.

  “What a silly question, I promised to look after you, of course I will. You are… well you said so yourself we are family right? I kept the drawing” She looks at him and he sees a few tears start to drop.

  “Hey…” His tone is soft “Its ok, i mean it i-”

  “Pasha- Im- im so sorry Eeye” She weeps in quiet sobs that honestly hurt more than if she was yelling. 

  “Oh, its ok, it will be fine, i just got mad a little, i won't even ground you so long”

  “Msorrymsorry, mmsosorry. Pasha is bad-”

  “No” He cuts her off “You aren't bad ok? You are you and that it's perfect, you made a mistake and apologized, that's a start. Just listen when i tell you somethings that's all-” She doesn't stop crying so he lifts her up to his neck and she makes tiny hands to grab him.

  “Its ok Princess, it will be fine”

  Pasha cries and Elias doesn't realize that she is not apologizing for sneaking her and Peter to the trip.

  Peter comes back, albeit it took him some time.

  “Did you get lost on the way there?” His face turns sheepish.

  “Are you serious?”

  “Hey they were closing off and there were parts where you no longer could walk, I had to make due” Rolling his eyes he goes to the lift to go back, Peter joins and Pasha stays glued to his neck.

  “What's up with the little starfish?” 

  “She was upset, she cried herself to sleep” And she was asleep, clinging to him, but asleep. Peter stands closer to him and despite not being his usual face, he still feels embarrassed about it. His eyes turn somewhat more soft towards them and he wants to fucking kiss him so bad its making his tense up.

  “Do you want me to hold her?” He shakes his head.

  “No, no it's ok thanks” Peter nods.
 
  The trip back is peaceful, even the journey up is, he has to hold Pasha so she doesn't fly off, but once it stabilizes and they go more slowly he gets to see the sunset while the kingdom lights up. Peter is glued to the window watching it all with amazement.

  “Honestly, a little bit more and you could pass as a Fairchild” He scoffs and rolls his eyes.

  “Hard, considering my situation with them” Yeah…

  “You know. If you ever want…. to like start over for real and not worry about anyone finding you  out… You could wear that for 24 hours and switch your face, I don't begrudge you. It will take time to get used to sure, but it's up to you” Peter stays quiet while they slowly go up.

  “I… i'm ok like this i don't think it matters much” He smiles tiredly at him and leans back closing his eyes. 

  “Well its up to you, albeit i will admit i'm glad, i would miss that scruffy mug of yours otherwise” He hears a small sharp intake of breath and he ignores any heat on his face. He keeps his eyes closed.

  “Well… good to know” 
 
  They pick up all their bags, Elias puts Pasha in his pocket and tells Peter to sneak in first, there are no guards so it will be fine. He nods.

  “I will 
  
    sea 
  
  you later” Elias snorts and Peter does a few finger guns that he knows are Tim’s fault, he covers his face in embarrassment, but cant help the stupid little grin at his antics. 
 
  Its when he is walking back himself that he gets intercepted by Simon.

  “Oh!! There you are, wow, seems like you actually had something of a shopping spree i will say!! Did you have fun?” Nodding politely he starts to walk, hoping he will leave before reaching his room.

  “Yes actually, i went to the island, and underwater city. I must admit I'm very impressed. The entire place was honestly breathtaking. I am surprised the living towers are not done yet considering how well everything is”  He sees him skip a few steps, for a man holding a cane, he is very spy.

  “Yes! Well, living conditions have to be tested, you know? Not the same living up here than down, so we need to make sure everything is good and the people are happy with no side consequences”

  “Well it is marvelous… speaking of! I saw this very interesting invention… something that takes instant pictures. I am intrigued, in fact i was wondering if perhaps you could share how to make some of those for my kingdom i feel it would be great-”

  “The cameras!! Did you try them oh, i would have to speak with a few people but i'm sure i can pass you some schematics”

  “I.. got a few pictures yes, mostly my mother and some…. old friends” Simon nods.

  “Sorry about that”

  “Its no problem” They were getting close to his room and despite trying to shake him off Simon would not budge, it was making him sweat.

  “Well i am very tired honestly, tomorrow i will have to prepare to leave and i wish to rest before the dinner-”

  “Oh yes, understandable. Perfectly so, albeit i do have to point out something, you have something of a passenger” He keeps his face perfectly neutral and smiles.

  “Im not sure i follow what you me-” He rolls his eyes and grabs his che-

  Shit the pocket!!!

  “This one was sneaking in! Felt some odd magic around, was wondering if you knew.” Pasha was struggling and blinking a lot clearly confused. When she realizes someone is holding her she tries to escape.

  “Changelings are very odd to come by! Wonder how you managed to get here, too small to survive on your own, did Nikola send you? I'm afraid i will have to decline any invitation from her part-”

  “Nu-no i'm not- Miss Nikola didn't send me- she doesn't-she doesn't like me-” Simon squishes her and she tries to grab him. They are in front of his room.

  “Simon-”

  “Well it's ok, there are fea that can look after you if you are alone, or humans! Adoptions are abundant here. Still should take you back no idea how you sneaked into his clothes-” Elias, despite the inside panic, keeps himself calm.

  “That won't be necessary” The old king blinks.

  “How come?”

  “She is with me, she… sneaked in with my stuff. Pasha, come on” 

  “Lie- Lie im sorry Pasha was sleeby, don't be mad” Simon opens his hand and he barely manages to restrain himself from snatching her from him. She jumps towards him and starts to cry.

  “Sowy-”

  “Shhh, it's not your fault, its ok. I should have been more careful, don't cry princess, it's ok” Pasha bubbles up and changes to her child shape so he has to drop his bags to hold her right.

  “Oh-”

  “Simon-”

  “Well I wondered why you have been changing so much, but a child makes sense. Kids tend to change all of us in one way or another. Congrats on the daughter then, apologies little one, did not mean to scare you. I thought you were trying to do something bad, but it was on me” She curls closer to him, but after nudging her a little she turns towards Simon.

  Its not out of kindness Elias wants to keep her away from him, but he is a guest.

  The old man pauses when looking at her, he swears he can see him soften up and look-

  Wistful? Sad?

  Whatever it is, it only lasts a moment.

  “Funny you remind me of… well. Your kind changes a lot, so its probably a coincidence”

  “Will the little princess like to come for dinner? I promise I won't bite!! In fact- I will ask to get some cake as a celebration!! Not every day I find out my friend has had a child, which by the way, congratulations. Should have told me, i have been told i'm a great uncle”

  “Well, its… not something the people know, my kingdom is not as open as yours to the supernatural as you are aware, plus its more like she is my-” He can say friends daughter, Simon will ask and he is unsure if he wont realize its Peter even with the bracelet “My charge, im looking after her with some of the staff”

  He sees him roll his eyes.

  “Who cares, as long as you want to stay together, what difference does a title make” It's… surprisingly nice of him.

  “I want to stay with Eye” Simon grins.

  “Good, someone ought to keep him company young lady, I'm glad you can do it. Make sure he is not such a grump-” He mocks whispers and she giggles a little bit making him huff and adjust her hold on her.

  “Well, we really need to rest before… dinner. So if you don't mind?”

  “Oh, no, not at all, go ahead, i will ask to get that cake then!! Celebrations are a must”

  Simon leaves and he puts Pasha down, picking up the bags he opens the door and doesn't see Peter.

  “... Peter?” The bathroom opens.

  “I heard you next to the door so I um…”

  “Hid in the bathroom?”

  “Yeah... “ Pasha runs up to him and he picks her up looking her over.

  “Are you ok?”

  “Yes! Pasha sorry she was sleeby-”

  “No, no it was my fault i should have let Peter take you instead, i didn't think he would notice im an idiot-” Peter is walking around holding her tight.

  “Well he seems… happy about her so that's a plus?” It actually is, it helps explain his new changes without mentioning Peter.

  “It could come in handy… he keeps wondering about me being different if he thinks its because of Pasha instead of you then much better”

  “I- I promise to not mention dad!!” Peter in what he will like to very much keep as a picture kisses her forehead, she starts to let small chirping noises.

  All he can pick up is-

  Love- love- love dad!!

  Peter flushes and just puts her down.

  “Erm, well- lets just rest up a little bit, im beat” Elias nods and Pasha climbs the bed before turning small again.

  “Tireed”

  
  

  Dinner is… full of surprises. Rosie’s face at seeing Pasha is kind of fun, Simon laughs and lifts the child before spinning her making her giggle.

  Her tail was in plain view along with her pointer ears.

  “Sir if i may what-”

  “She sneaked in” He can feel her gaze upon him.

  “That's not what i meant sir”

  “... She is a changeling, what does it matter where she came from”

  “After what happened with Jane-” he cuts her off.

  “I'm aware, Rosie, but she isnt- I checked first. She is not bad, besides look at her? Does she look like anything else but a child?” Simon is offering her a pirate hat, Pasha jumps up and down and makes growling sounds, not very natural ones, but ultimately?

  She is just playing, even when her shape shifts slightly. The old king seems delighted by it and so is Elias.

  “... Does mister Foster know?”

  “He is the one who brought her, what do you think?”

  “... Does... “ She stops and just observes, Elias sees the girl slip and fall, so he goes to pick her up and check if she is ok, she nods.

  “Its ok!! Pasha’s brothers hurt her worse” He clenches his jaw but tells her that that doesn't mean it doesnt hurt any less.

  “... It hurts a little bit, it's ok I promise” He lets her run off.

  “Should I make some papers for her?” He sighs.

  “Can you?”

  “I can forge very convincing ones for mister Foster too, what rank do i give him” Elias lets out a breath.

  “I will think about it later, just… please do not be cruel to her, i will fire you” She nods.

  “Miss Rosie look!! Simon gave me a flower, its a rose like you!!” She sees her look at her and smiles.

  “I hardly think i can sir”

  “Good”

  
  

  Dinner is well, Pasha ends up turning goopy after dessert, far too tired from running around with Simon. Rosie looked spooked, but the little creature waved at her and yawned.

  “Lie, i want sleeby time”

  “Ok, ok, let's get you to bed”

  “Night, Miss Rosie, night grampa”

  “Night little star!”

  
  

  Peter was anxiously waiting for them, Elias offers his child and he takes her to bed while he changes.

  “So you take her back on the ship and i go back with Helen?”

  “Mm, will tell Rosie about Helen and let her send her back once we are at sea. But yeah you have to go first in the morning”

  “Are you sure?” He pokes Pasha who shrinks in size.

  “Yeah, there is something i want to do, and i need her to be at Opperior when i go back” he mumbles presents and the man snorts before nodding.

  “Wonder how will she take that”

  “She met Helen so i don't think too badly, plus she seemed charmed by Pasha, so that's a win”

  “Mm, good. Elias?”

  “Mm” He was almost asleep, it was a very long day.

  “I had fun coming here with you”

  “Me too… maybe we can come again sometime… just us three”

  “... Maybe” Elias was already asleep, Peter stares at him and Pasha and sighs, he truly wishes that was something they could do.

  
    Chapter Text
    Peter morning is peaceful, Elias is lightly snoring and he is fairly sure he was drooling. It should not be as endearing as it, but well, what was he expecting?Pasha was asleep too. Light was barely peeking from outside and yet he wanted nothing more than to stay in bed for the rest of the day. Or-He would rather wake up like this everyday, once they are both in Opperior it will go back to sleeping in their own rooms with the wall in between. He has to admit that those days where the man was gone he woke up in a panic, he knocked the wall but didn't hear any resounding echo assuring him that he was fine. If it wasn't for Pasha whining at him, he would have gotten up.So yes.He moped, he supposes Elias was right, if that's what uncertainty feels when he was gone, then by all means he had every right to be pissed off. No one had really been bothered by him going off for days on end. He thinks the longest he spent without seeing any of his family before everything went to shit was a week.Missy was the only one who could find him no matter how well he hid, which in retrospect should have been weird to him, yet he felt slightly… good at having her look for him. It was nice.The feeling of knowing someone was missing him or looking for him, even if he was alone.His mother would proclaim that was a sign of weakness, yet whenever Missy was looking over him, she never uttered a word of what they were doing. He was too young and dumb to realize the why.The statue had blindsided him very badly. By all means he did not expect to see Missy ever again and yet as if mocking him she still was mixed up in his life. He wanted to hate her.But.Truth is he couldn't, just like he couldn't hate Simon, Titania or his siblings.Peter was tired, anger was never something that lasted with him, it came and went, deflating like a balloon. True he could be petty, but that's it.So.. tiredness and perhaps disillusionment was the best he could manage. Yet in this case, he couldn't stop the simmering anger at having his life changed and managed against his will.The song.Peter closes his eyes and leans close to Elias' warmth, so close he could just brush their lips and oh did he want that.Still it hit him hard, Missy loved him. Had since he was a kid, by the time he ran off he was… unsure of it, what she said hurt him, but she didn't seem to get how horrible it was, he surmises it's because of the fae thing. His own social skills were learned from her which explains why people seem to be wary and puzzled by him.He doesn't want to think too much about it, but it keeps turning over his head and the picture it paints is… complicated. To fully grasp it he should ask, but that's out of the table, he can't go back to Mooreland, he won't be able to leave again, they won't let him.  So he breathes in and calms down, he will sleep and go back with Helen, he will miss Elias, but he will manage. He always does. Closing his eyes he relaxes and lets himself sleep, he dreams of endless foggy beaches.  By the time he has to get up Elias is already up, hurrying things along, putting his stuff away and telling Pasha to please be good when they see Simon again.“With any luck it will all go well and once we are in the ship i explain to Rosie that Helen will take you back quicker and you will stay with Peter until i go back ok?”“But whyyy, Pasha can't stay with E-lie-as?” He watches as he sighs and picks her up.“Well, I have something I would like to do, but I need you to be home for it to work. Its a surprise, you don't want me to ruin your surprise right?”  Her shape bubbles.“Surprise? Surprise for Pasha!!!” He smiles softly at her and it makes his heart swell.“Yes, now be a dear and wake up your dad” He hadn't noticed him watching them so he closed his eyes quickly. Hearing him calling him her dad was doing something funny to his stomach.In fact every time she called him that it also made him feel strange. He wasn't father material, not by a long shot, he didn't get why she glued herself to him like that, but if it was what she needed even for the short amount of time that it was, he was willing to let her pretend.He feels her crawl and then something bigger sneaks into his arms and cuddles him.“Dad? Daddy wake up, we gotta say bye bye and then go home for the surprise!” Peter hugs her tightly and blows a raspberry on her making her laugh.“Staaaap, pffff” He most definitely doesn't feel like someone gutted him after hearing her calling him that. Peter always thought he was going to be alone, perhaps it was for the best if only to not hurt them in the end. But regardless he thinks this was so much more than he could have ever asked.“Peter stop playing, we have to prepare-” A finger pokes him and he smiles, at least he muses, before going to the bathroom. At least he gets to have some actual happy memories before his untimely demise at the hands of the fog. Saying goodbye to Elias is as hard as it was the first time, Pasha says he will see her in a few hours when aunty takes her back so its not so bad. The king is the one who usually flusters him badly, so as revenge right before he knocks on the chalk drawing of a door, he runs and kisses his cheek.“See you in a few days little Siren” Peter turns quickly and knocks. Helen opens and ushers him in, he tells her that Pasha will go later so she nods.“Well, little one, enjoy your other dad then-!”“Helen!!” Elias sounds embarrassed, yet Peter cant turn around less he sees his blush. Of course he didn't get to see Elias turn bright red either as a consequence. Once inside with all the bags with gifts and clothes he got with Pasha he walks with Helen who asks him millions of questions that he tries his best to answer.“So! So, did you confess? Did you tell him??”“No, No! Why would I even do that? He is going to get obsessed with finding out what to do” Her eyes roll in unnatural ways.“Well duh, he works with the patron of knowledge, if anyone can find out a cure it would be him!! It should be logic” It would be, however.“Maybe, but how can he? No one knows what the curse was, without the actual literal words even with his own patron he can't figure it out of thin air” Helens shrugs.“Have you asked the fairies of the forest? They seem to know something whenever I ask them to make some vague reference to it” His shoulders slump.“I think they do, but they can't tell me outright. Its like you with helping, you can't do it unless it serves you well for your nature”“Well, but that means there is an answer, perhaps you just need to work harder to find it right? Maybe you are getting ahead of yourself, maybe you can beat this!! And then you and the king can smooch all you want and maybe marry- Oh! Can I be your bestwoman? I have been told I look dashing in a suit!” They walk the hallways and he has to wonder if she actually picked him up and dragged him all the way to Elias bed the first night. Still he needs to correct her.“Maybe, but its been 200 years, do you think the previous queens and kings didn't try? According to all the books of history from my land, the main thing they tried was to find other fairies to help, but their answers were so vague no one could figure it out!! ot they were just scared to try”“Well, how many of them were actually kind to the fae folk? I'm not trying to say they didn't try, but they can tell when someone is being dishonest, and you…. despite your general state of being are far more likely to let them hang out with you in peace. Plus you have all that going on with your state of being…” That stings, the picture in his pocket feels like a weight on him.“I don't know Helen”“Ask him… he will help you, you know that” And it's a little bit too much.“I know! I know he would, but what if nothing comes over? Do you think he wouldnt obsess over it? He would!!! He would look for a way to help and I would waste away and turn to mist, I don't want my last months to be staying in bed and seeing Elias lose it, or… or Tim. Pasha knows and she already feels terrible. I don't want any of them to get sad over me dying and doing impossible things while also steadily seeing me decline”Helen stays quiet.“I'm sorry”“It's- I'm not mad at you. But it's not nice, I think it would be kinder if they just let me be, at least my father had that, one day he was and the next he was gone” Her hand stops him from continuing.“I don't think that's kinder Peter. I think it's just sad. Wasting away until you turn into something else or die… without anyone being there it's not nice, I would know” He forgets sometimes.“Helen-”“You managed to avoid it, managed to live far more than they expected you! Not only that but you… you gave up, you aren't even trying to find a solution, you already think yourself dead. Yet, you are here, and so are they and you plan… to just push them away once it becomes too much? I don't think it will go as you want, if they find out… they will have to live with that over them. That you were sick and dying and would rather die alone without telling them. That their last words to you were unking ones. Trust me its not something you want to live with” Her shape became blurrier and discoloured.“Sometimes we say things we don't mean and it may be the last thing we say to those we love” His jaw locks in place and he swallows hard.Love.He can’t.He really, really can't.“Im sorry Helen”“.... I would be sad too. I am sad. You are fun to prank people with and… you understand what is changing without being aware of it. You are a friend” He doesn't know what to say to that. She seems to get it and smiles softly at him.“Let's go shall we? Captain missed you, he refused to leave your coats, Tim had to leave food next to him because he refused to move” With a nod they kept going and eventually opened a new door. Its in his room.“That was-” Something small runs up to his leg and he picks it up. The small kitten starts to rub its head into his hands.“Told you. It's not only the humans that will miss you. This one and Opal too will be sad”“I never meant for anyone to care, i just wanted to live alone until i died” Her hands are on his shoulders.“Maybe you did, but the world decided to change that for a reason, maybe you never were meant for that. After all, haven't you changed so many things since meeting Elias? And you will change many more, even if small we all leave marks on this place. Sometimes we are destined for different things than we were expecting” Peter thinks about a throne and position he never wanted but was entrusted to him without reason. Sometimes the world does work in mysterious ways.“Have.. you found anything about your dad?” She squeezes lightly.“No, not yet, I heard… about doors that are not my doing appearing in other places so i have hope yet”“Thank you Helen” She pats him once and retreats to her door.“You are welcome dear. Please… be kind to yourself, you're not gone yet” Taking a deep breath he nods. Then the door closes and it's as if she was never there to begin with. “Hey… i missed you too” The kitten meows at him and purrs when he caresses him. He finds Tim to let him know he is back, the man was bursting with excitement.“So… did you and his majesty have fun? Did you have a date!? Asking for curiosity sake not for any nefarious reasons” God what an annoying man.“I spend most of my time with Pasha, we did get a day to ourselves, the three of us I mean. Hard to be alone when you have a kid” He sees him nod and make appreciative sounds.“Did you get me something?” …“Yes” Of course he did, he is an idiot, but yeah. The elemental complement for his staff was making him go insane.“So if i press this-” Instead of fire the plants around them started to grow even under the snow.“Yes, now don't use it all at once, you will need to go to an alchemy story to replace them eventually but you can now use more things in case of emergency, or if you want to brag” His grin was blinding, Peter is struck with how most of the times his smiles are… genuine but never this happy.“Thank you Peter!!! I love this!” He looks elsewhere, he doesn't know what to do with such honesty. Captain is back in his pocket looking around and he feels much better with him there, so does the animal it seems.Opal is also happy to see him, her head goes out of the water immediately and she starts to nuzzle him as much as she can. She almost makes him fall with how hard she was trying. Pasha comes back by the late afternoon, Helen drops her in his hands and she shakes with barely contained excitement. He sees her trying to launch herself at his face so he barely avoid it.“Pasha had fun with Lie!!! Miss Rosie was very nice, said Pasha looked pretty and was cute as a doll!!” He nods while she starts to squeal incomprehensibly. Sometimes too much excitement made her just make noises to let it all out, too small for such big feelings. Peter of course puts her down and goes to look through the bags of things they bought, he has a surprise for her after all.“Pasha?”She chirps like a bird at him.“I have something for you, but you have to promise something to me, a very big important promise” She nods.“When we tell you with Elias to do something is because of a reason ok? Taking me to Aella, without my consent was very…. rude. So please ask first and if we say no you have to promise to listen to us. If Simon had seen me it would had been very bad for me, he would have taken me back and i would never see you or Elias again” Her shape becomes liquid and she makes a few sniffles.“Sowy dad”“Its ok, it happened just once, but be careful. So. Do you promise me to never do something like that again?” She nods.“Pasha the changeling swears to not do that again unless dad wants her to take him away” …Well she sure is a faery still then, he can live with that.“Ok. One… one more thing, do not tell Elias i gave you this, he will be mad at both of us” So he shows her the sea serpent plush she wanted.Peter had to make a run for it when he said he was going to the bathroom to get it before they closed. He just couldn't let her be sad like that.He knows that Elias was right and that they might be spoiling her, but he is so used to getting presents without any kind of input about what he wanted or just being handed over stuff to keep him silent that seeing her so heartbroken made him feel terrible.When the other man tried to get him to agree, he tried, he honestly did, but it would had been such a blatant lie that he was afraid it would show on his face. He is… not thankful but at least relieved that the coughing fit got him. He wouldn't have to say anything about it.She lets a high pitched noise and starts to roll around the plush toy in her goopy shape. She kept saying soft and nice and thank you. So he smiled at her.“Soft soft, this is the softest thing Pasha has ever touched, Pasha loves it. Opal is now with Pasha too!!” Cute, very very cute. He kind of wants to have that picture thing to take an image of it and save it.Speaking of which…. He picks up the pictures and puts them away in their rightful places.The one with Elias and Pasha he places it in the book that has his list of things to do.He really needs to redo it, he kind of was a mess with the added bits.
Take Elias to sail again one last time before leaving.
Prank people with Helen
See Simon one last time
SCRABBLED ALL OVER
…. Tell my siblings off/ just- ask them why did they- dont say anything
Kiss / words got muddled
Tell Elias that (SCRABBLED ALL OVER)
Tell Elias to take care of Opal, Captain and Pasha
Dance with Elias at the ball in december
Go out with Tim and Helen again
Still he places the picture there and smiles, he had fun.The other 4 however he places them in the box he has for things that remind him of Mooreland.The few rocks he picked up with Missy are there, a forget me not Judith gave him a few weeks before she left, a note from Aaron, a drawing from Lydia, a very messy apology from Clara about accidentally hurting him when showing him how to hold a sword. He still has the scar on his hip for it.He hates that he took them with, and should have let them be destroyed. But mother got tired and sent to get every last thing that belonged to his siblings to be removed and burned, it was the only thing he had.She even got rid of the single painting there was of the five of them. Even if he was still there.So he puts the picture with said painting there.He had been 8 when Simon made it, Aaron was 6, Judith 10, Lydia 14 and Clara 16.None of them looked happy. Just tired.One was of Missy when he made him his first flower crown, she helped him make it better and hugged him when he complimented her. He thinks it was the first hug he remembers receiving. The second one was of Simon and Titania, he had kissed her cheek and she was blushing. He never saw his parents do that so it really baffled him, it also made him feel embarrassed.Now he thinks of Elias and he gets it more.The third one was of course of his birthday, Tim, Helen, Elias and Pasha were all there.He hesitates with that one and decides to put it within the book instead. One was for things from his past, the others… were kind of his present and he had been far happier here than he could ever be back there.Better if he just forgets about them.He crosses seeing Simon and asking his siblings why from the list. It doesn't matter anymore. Peter doesn't need any of them.He coughs and feels like perhaps if he says it enough it will be true. The next few days are… peaceful but boring, the nights are perhaps the worst, he still knocks on the wall in a panic due to nightmares. He also misses waking up to Elias next to him which makes him feel like shit. Because it's not fair that he has those feelings, he is just imposing them on him, by all means he should let it be, he is lucky enough that the man seems to have gotten used to his presence enough to let him nap so often with him. But there is a stark difference with that and asking him to let him stay every night.He also realizes one morning that he has an issue that he should probably tackle eventually. Pasha won't like it one bit, but Peter would appreciate some privacy, particularly if he wakes up with his anatomy betraying him after a dream involving Elias.So maybe getting her her own room should be a priority, true she helps him too with the nightmares but he is a grown man with certain needs, sure he usually doesn't care much about it finding it rather boring, but he could do with some stress relieving. Plus… he realizes he has been getting her lots of clothes and things with Elias that had steadily occupied more space. The room is big, but he almost slips by stepping into one of the toys he got her on their trip.So yes, he should ask Elias about getting her a room for herself. With Pasha too, she probably will feel bad about being alone, but she needs her own space. Peter grew up with all the space and freedom to do as he pleased, he even entertained himself alone before Missy started to look after him, she should be able to do the same right?Yes, yes of course she can, it would do her good to learn to be independent. She will need it to survive so its for the best. “So… what do you think? Maybe we can give you a room by the end of the hallway, that way you can come to see us anytime you need! They are empty, I'm sure Elias won't mind, and you will get to decorate it as you want!! Isn't it great?” Peter has a few seconds before she starts to cry.“Da- dad wants to get rid of- of Pashaaaaa” Oh shit oh no, this is why Elias is better, Peter just makes it sound bad.“No!, No but Pasha… I need my space, I want to have my own… my own alone time, and the room is getting filled with your stuff, i know i don't usually have much, but it's kind of becoming a problem”“Pasha will put her stuff away! Pasha will be good, please don't leave me-” Oh no.“Pasha”“I- will be good, i promise, we can- we can stay close and-”“Pasha!” He has to, he can't let it continue.“You have to learn to be independent! You can't cling to me or Elias all the time, it's not good for you, you have to learn to do your own thing too. Explore, have some fun. I- i like having you here, but i need to have my space to do old man stuff on my own ok? It's not anything you do, I just want that for myself, your room will be close, you can come if you have nightmares or- or want to spend the time with me or Elias. I don't mind. But you have to start staying in your own place”“No! Nonono, Pasha won't be alone again- Pasha won't be pushed away again-” He holds her and she squirms.“I'm not pushing you away, i'm trying to get you to understand, you will have us anytime you want, you will just have a room for your toys and clothes, you can sleep there and spent time with everyone during the day-”“NO, NONONNO” Her high pitched screams make him lose it. “WILL YOU LISTEN TO ME?! If you don't stop, I will have to lock you in your room until you learn to be alone!” She shuts up and quivers. Peter feels terrible all of a sudden, she looks frightened. Pasha slips between his fingers and quickly escapes from under the crack of the door.“Wait! Wait, I didn't mean to yell! Pasha!” Peter didn't mean to turn into his mother. He doesn't find her. Which makes sense considering she can shapeshift into anything she wants. He sits by the docks holding his face in place, Peter never meant to do that, but he just doesn't know how to handle her. Missy was lucky he was quiet and did what she told him no question asked.His mother made sure that even without raising her voice everyone knew what they had to do. And if you didnt a few hours or maybe a day or two in your room with only food being delivered as the only interaction you had made sure you knew to behave better.He only had to suffer through it a few times, he tended to be on the lonely side so she never paid him much mind. Clara, Aaron and Judith had it happen to them often.Peter didn't think much of it, just assumed it was a thing that happened, it wasn't bad per se, it's not like she didn't give them food plus their rooms had bathrooms if it was longer than a day.But he has to consider that maybe it wasn't normal, or good.He certainly didn't feel happy, he just felt… scared that she would never let him out. He never intended to really put her away, he just didn't like the yelling.Missy would be disappointed in him she always told him to make sure the small ones were happy and he failed miserably-The sentiment struck him like nothing else. Peter didn't want to disappoint her, he failed, he made everything worse for her, for Elias.Peter was just a big giant disappointment. Never what anyone wanted.Pasha would be happier when he was gone and had Elias only, he would know how to treat this better than him. He starts to pull at his hair a little bit. That's- of course he would be better than him at it, he managed to make it up to her, Peter is only good at giving stuff to buy their love.He has nothing else to offer.The beach gets foggy but he pays it no mind, its easier like this, muffled.Even the waves sound soft.Nothing he does is enough, nothing is good enough, he can't look after her, he can't be normal with Elias, he is not a good friend or sibling or child. He was never anything.He wishes he didn't exist at all.Everyone would be better if he had never existed in the first place.Helen is not wrong.Peter did give up and he can't make himself try, he is just stuck on a loop of his own making where everything spirals out of his control. Nothing goes as he wants and nothing ever will. He has no say on the matter except for this.He can at least choose this, how it ends.He can give himself the illusion of power by letting it be.Even-Even if sometimes he wants to live, he wants to keep on going, he wants to stay and be with Elias and the others. But if he does he knows that sooner or later he will disappoint each and every single one of them, that perhaps he already did and they are thinking about how much of a pathetic man he is.Nothing makes sense anymore and everything hurts.Still hurts will hurt.Maybe that's why his siblings left, they knew he wasn't worth it.Peter stays in the fog, the only thing that has always been with him. Yet it doesn't feel as welcoming as it did back home. Back then it felt like a hug now? Now it feels cold and uncaring, just like him.Its unclear how long he stays there to be honest, it feels like maybe an hour or two. But he kind of has to blink a few times from his lethargy when he feels someone walking on the dock.“You know when i came back i expected to see you and Pasha waiting for me, instead i find a very distressed changeling telling me you disappeared two days ago” He can't bring himself to talk so he makes a croaking noise.“... Can you come with me please? Its cold” He carefully raises himself and feels dizzy.“Let's go shall we?” Peter nods and lets Elias guide them, its… the castle but its empty and gray, he knows it's him. Elias doesn't comment, just holds his hand until they reach his room and he tugs him. “I will prepare a bath and pick up some clothes, can you stay there and not drown? You smell like salt” Struggling and nodding his head he waits for the king to finish in the bathroom and he goes.The water is warm and it slowly makes him relax, he must stay there for a long while, eventually his numb hands work enough to wash his hair. Once he is done he gets up clumsily and wraps himself on the towel. His tattoos were getting closer to his chest.Outside he hears Elias hum the song, the one Missy made for him, his shoulders sag and he offers his clothes so he goes back to dress himself. Once done he goes and flops to the bed totally spent, too much effort went into moving. Elias goes and lays next to him slowly playing with his hair.“I spoke with her, she is fine by the way, apparently she went to find Tim. Captain is ok too” Peter blinks slowly, his head feels like cotton and everything aches, he knows this is bad, he freaked out over nothing. So, so useless.“I'm glad you are being serious about taking care of Pasha. Getting her a room was a good idea. I was thinking about maybe getting her some tutors too or perhaps letting her join school with young kids, socializing with others that are not adults will do her well” It sounds like he is trying to make him feel better, Peter fucked up he shouldn't have insisted he was being selfish.“You did well Peter, she needs it, you aren't selfish for wanting to have space or not bending to her whims. She is a child, a fae one even, she doesn't understand, you did well” He makes a wounded sound.“You did, trust me. Would I lie to you?” Would he? He doesn't know, but Peter wants to think he wouldn't so he shakes his head.“So believe when i say it's ok, she is not upset, apparently Tim managed to soften her up to the idea. She is more worried about you disappearing, so was i, but it's not hard to find you when you make such a huge foggy mess”“Srry” he slurs the words not feeling like talking yet. Elias' hands are soothing and he feels sleepy.“Sleep, you will feel better,  then when you wake you eat something and we go see Pasha” Nodding he hesitates a little.“Stay?” Elias lets out a breath and opens his arms, moving closer he lets him hug him.“Of course you seaweed head, of course” Elias hums and plays with his hair. Soon he falls asleep.Again that nagging feeling of wanting to stay makes itself known and he hesitates. Would it be so bad if he tried? Elias came even when he messed up. Truly what does he know?With that in mind Peter falls into a dreamless state.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  He wasn't expecting to come back and find a distressed changeling and a nervous Tim. Peter being gone was worrisome, but when he sees the fog on the beach at this time of the day, its easier to figure out where he is.


  Dragging him back is simple, he is as weak as a kitten, cute as one too. Peter is hugging him close and Elias does mental checklists of things he ought to do. 


  Getting Pasha her own room nearby, hiring someone to teach her, which will be complicated due to her nature-


  Elias softly plays with Peter’s hair and does calculations and thinks of favours. He has a few ideas that can work, there are people who have magical creatures with them, but keep it hidden for safety. Thinking of Aella and the differences with his own kingdom regarding the safety of everyone, and this time he means 
  
    everyone, 
  
  is kind of startling.


  He had been ok with those with their own supernatural partners or children being here as long as it was convenient and unnoticeable. But he has come to terms that maybe it wasn't fair. He wasn't being fair to all of them.


  Complicated and annoying, that is what it is. It would mean too many changes, albeit he doesn't think the people would take it so wrong. 


  … If the king himself adopts a fae that would certainly make a statement. But that is… complicated in itself and would put Pasha on the spotlight, she was too little to deal with all of that yet. 


  Then there is this impossible annoying man that seems to love getting his blood pressure going up. He tries to move a little and Peter presses himself closer and mumbles what he thinks its a stay. He shivers and relents, Elias is not getting out of this little trap anytime soon and its not like he wants to.


  Looking at his peaceful face makes something in his gut squirm, he wants…


  He presses their noses together, he is so close he could just kiss him if he wanted.


  And he does want to, very much so. Peter seems to try and nuzzles him in his sleep and its so startlingly cute he pulls back with a choked laugh. God silly man.


  Its a good thing he loves him.


  Elias kisses his forehead softly and decides to join him and sleep, the boat trip had been long and… well he missed him. With a sigh he closes his eyes and tries to sleep now that he is at home and feels safe.


  …


  Peter is still drowzee when he wakes up, but he is far more present than before so its an improvement. Elias tells him he will be gone for a little while to request some food, so to please not disappear again in the meantime. The man nods and lays starfished on the bed making him snort.


  On his way back he picks up Captain from Tim who was looking after him, Pasha, in doll form, is clinging to his shoulder watching Elias.


  “You can come to see him too-”


  “Nuh, Pasha… Pasha will see foggy one later” Frowning he is about to ask her again but sees Timothy shake his head. Elias relents, eventually they will need to talk about it, but it can wait a few hours.


  With now a cat and some food at hand he returns, his partner is as he left him, albeit once the kitten sees his owner he paws at him to be released so without much fanfare he drops the animal on top of his chest.


  “Cptain?” Said critter responds to the name and meows like crazy.


  “Msorry” Peter holds the cat to his face and it licks the tip of his nose making him laugh weakly.


  “Got you that food” Nodding he sits and after handing the tray over, Peter eats, he on the other hand waits. Elias will let him have this.

 

  “Better?” It takes some time for the man to pull himself together to answer.


  “Sort of, still feel kind of… out of it” Nodding he plays with the covers.


  “Pasha said that you wanted to give her a room and that you got mad at her and yelled” Its another five minutes before Peter answers, Elias notices fog outside the window and pinches him lightly. Captain hisses at him for the damage to his owner.


  “I did ask her about a room and got mad, tried to get her to understand that i wasn't abandoning her, but she kept yelling refusals and… i just lost my patience” Understandable, he doesn't seem the kind to take well to pressure or being on the spot, a crying and screaming child is stressful as it is for a normal person “Then she ran off and i went to look and couldn't find her, so I felt…. guilty and well. You saw the outcome of that” That he did, the amount of fog there was almost made him have a meltdown on his way to find him, its good he was very much focusing on helping Peter, otherwise he would have collapsed on a crying heap.


  “That's… that can happen, children are stressful, a temper tantrum is not nice and I imagine you aren't used to screaming so loud” The sailor was slowly petting the cat who seemed to be as happy as he could be, purring under his care.


  “Still i was very useless, you know how to handle her better-” Oh, nono. Elias doesn't. He really, really doesn't know what he is doing, he is stumbling away with this as much as Peter.


  “I dont- Im not better than you Peter. Truly- Look at me ok? I'm not. You seem to get her more than me! I just try my best and hope it's enough, I think we both are sort of doing that, figuring things out along the way. Pasha herself doesnt even know what she is doing; her existence is either marked by the forest or by Sasha’s recollections. We are all doing our best. It's just… practice I suppose'' It doesn't seem to fully convince him, but he expected that, it's hard to believe.


  “Just… keep trying is all I'm saying, just like I intend to. She will be fine, you are right she does need her space. We just need to make some rules and talk with her and it will be fine, I swear” He hesitates a little bit, but ends up putting his hand on top of his. 


  “It will be, trust me” It takes a few seconds but Peter nods.


  “I do, trust you that is… thank you Elias” Smiling he squeezes.


  “You are welcome. Now I will let her know that you are free and you two can talk it out, after dinner… i will give you both your presents” A small glimmer of interest has Peter smiling teasingly at him.


  “Oh? Why did your highness take time off his trip to buy the two of us presents? How nice! Actually…. How did the stay there treat you?” And they both hold it for a beat before laughing.


  “Well-hahaha- fairly well, i saw a dragon, a mysterious man and his daughter kept me company! Why, I even let him sleep in my bed!”


  “How scandalous!” And its stupid and dumb, but it finally sets them at ease. Its nice to just joke around. He is glad that despite everything Peter is his friend, even through his own feelings for him, Elias gets to have this.


  “So that's why you wanted her to be here?” 


  “Of course, it was supposed to be a surprise, I was going to bring her presents from the trip originally. I remember how happy I was when my uncle got me things from his own outings when I was a child. And since we are… pretending you both stayed here…”


  “It could still work”


  “Yes, I just wanted to give her a chance of… something normal i suppose” He still intends to ground her, but this she can have.


  “Thats nice, my uncle also gave me gifts when he came to visit, so i got it” Feeling more at ease he gets up and starts to go. 


  “I will see you later then Mister Foster. Have a good day”


  “Likewise your majesty” He looks far better now that when he found him, that makes him feel better.

 

  Elias picks up the presents and puts them apart.


  Mood bracelet for Pasha, clothes for her doll and human shape, a few toys and some books. All in different colors since she claims she cant pick a favourite one yet and… a music box. He figured she would like it, music seemed to cheer her up.


  For Peter he got a model of a ship, but it was enchanted so it would be sailing in the little bottle, it looked like something he would love. He also got him a few gloves he… notices how self conscious he is about the tattoos sometimes so maybe he can use them. He also got some books about fairies and sea monsters, which would be helpful for Opal.


  There was also a necklace that had a bluish sort of greyish cristal. Supposedly it helped to tell the weather, it was very useful for sailors. Peter always wears that old one with the green rock, Elias figured this could be more convenient instead. 


  Once everything is sorted out he goes to check the tower and speak to some people. Gertrude arrived the day before so he will ask her how things went once he finishes. With a very good mood he works the afternoon away. Everyone seemed happy and things were under control.


  He heard a few mentions of a show that would be coming along in a few weeks from a few people, some sort of ambulant Circus. Most of the people in town seemed happy about the news, it was a novelty. It sounded interesting at the very least, so he let it be. Although he really, really hates clowns, there is something unnerving about them.


  The other reason why he was so happy is because now that he checks his ring he sees its once again shining very sporadically, the missing prince is far away again. He… left.


  Elias could be optimistic, could say that he is gone for good and the threat for his position is gone, but he is not naive, maybe he has allies, maybe there is a bigger plan. The peace won't mean anything really until he gets his hands on the man.


  But for what is worth? He is happy, he had been losing it during the days before the festival. Now that he was away he could relax even if a little bit.

 

  Gertrude was waiting for him, that was expected, her expression of unease not so much.


  “Hello Elias, I see you had a nice vacation” Rude as always.


  “It was a favour to Simon, don't misunderstand. Now, what did you find out? Is she gone? Did his son kill her?” She points to his drinking cabinet and he relents, one of those days then. After pouring her a drink she starts.


  “She wasn't, albeit I wish it so, she bound herself to a death book. Her ghost almost got the best of me. Apparently Gerard ran off when she tried to get him to help, in the struggle the place burnt down. Adelard helped me deal with her...”


  “So the boy is fine then?” That's when her expression turns stiff.


  “We heard about him…. several people met him when he saved them from danger, apparently he got a few people helping him now, a man, a ghost and a woman” He doesn't understand what the problem is.


  “I see… but from what you said he is doing quite well, nothing bad or worrying”


  “True, but the binding she did. Its tied to her blood, we contained her temporarily, but without Gerard the earth around her house is starting to die. Either we need him or get a necromancer to deal with it, and those are hard to come by…” She side eyes him and he sighs.


  “If he wishes to go its up to him Gertrude, I offered mister Banks asylum after what happened to his land. Natural born necromancers are hard to come by and he wishes for peace”


  “I know, its a last resort thing, there is time, Adelard is watching over it so it won't be a problem for a while. But he has duties elsewhere, word of a plague man came about the far away lands and he wishes to go see it”


  “Crawling rot?”


  “One of its human hosts most likely” He barely represses the shiver.


  “Fair. Look for Gerard, you have everything to your disposition, Oliver is a last resort thing, if you want to ask for opinions be my guest, but know he is very likely to deny you” Gertrude drinks her glass like a shot and nods.


  “I know, I still don't get why he came here. By all means most necromancers wish for solitude, I would have thought he would go to Mooreland or some far away land. Yet here he is, playing at being an accountant” 


  “A very good one to be honest, i think he is the best one the kingdom had in years, not corrupted at all”


  “Surprise surprise” He cant help the snort.


  “Miracles do happen, besides i like to keep things in check”


  “I know, maybe too much for your own good. Well, it was quite the adventure so I intend to rest for a few days if you excuse me. Have a good day Elias”


  “Likewise” Before the door closes she makes him spill some of his drink on the desk.


  “Oh and your… daughter was looking for you. I know I told you to get an heir, but a changeling is not what I meant. See you later” God forbids he has one good day!


  Well, at least he doesn't have to tell her, that's the only good thing about it. He works a little bit more reading some papers and signing things that were left for him. Once he is finished Elias stretches a little bit and goes down to find his idiots.


  Said with love of course.


  He doesn't have to look for long because there is Tim holding Pasha upside down while Peter counts and Helen cheers.


  …


  “I'm not going to ask, just- Tim once you are done do your rounds please, Helen for the love of god stop trying to seduce the staff i already heard about it. Peter if she pukes i swear to god”


  After they all scramble and make excuses-


  It's just them, so he picks up the child and takes him with, Peter says he is going to check on Opal and meet up with him later. Nodding they go.


  “Why were you looking for me?” The small girl holds his face with her tiny hands.


  “Pasha uhhh, Pasha is sowy, about not listening to eye and and making Da sad”


  “I know, did you two talk?”


  “Mm yup! Pasha… Pasha will have her own room, even if she will miss Dad, but Timmy said that it's important for him to have his time, plus if Pasha is always hovering than eye and dad cant have alone time” Elias smiles but intends to give cleaning duty to Timothy for the next two months.


  “We don't mind you being around love, don't listen to him. But it's true that it's good to give Peter some space. I was… thinking about perhaps getting you a tutor too, or maybe in a year or two enroll you to some schooling, having other childrens around will do you some good” Her face does something interesting.


  “Pasha is good, she has- she knows things from Sasha, she doesn't need school. Plus, plus…. maybe Pasha wants to visit family!! She cant stay so long” Frowning he lifts her up better.


  “I thought they kicked you out princess” And she flounders.


  “But, but, maybe they changed their minds? Maybe Pasha can visit sometimes” He doesnt think they would, in fact he is very sure that would end up poorly.


  “Do you not want to stay with us?” Is that it? She makes a wounded sound that startles him, then her little arms wrap around his neck.


  “Yes! Yes, Pasha wants to stay so, so much. But Pasha is not human… Pasha has to see her own kind”


  “We care about you, it doesn't matter if you aren't human, look let's take it one step at a time ok? First that room, then we will see about any classes. You are still young there is time” 


  “Time, time there is always time” She starts to garble a lot and make incomprehensible sounds that even he can't pinpoint.

 

  During dinner she eats very little.


  “Are you ok?”


  “Pasha’s  tummy aches” Giving the sailor a sour look he pats her back.


  “That's what happens when you eat a lot and have Tim hang you upside down while someone watches”


  “Hey! It was her idea!”


  “And you listen to her? She is a child!” His mutterings of-


  “I used to hang upside down on trees all the time” Was ignored.

 

  But at the very least after their meal he takes them to his room.


  “Well since I came back from my trip I have brought back gifts for you two, since you stayed here being so good right…?” The changeling looks confused but Peter nods with an inkling of amusement.


  “Ah yes of course, we were so bored waiting for you to come back, what was it that you said… that you saw a dragon and met up a charming man and his daughter. Why even let them sleep with you too! How kind of you”


  “Wha- Pasha was with Lie dad too, did you forget? is something wrong?” It's cute, he thinks. Peter kneels down and whispers something to her.


  “Game?” Nodding, she turns around.


  “Ohhh was the girl nice? Did Eye like her? Ohhhhh did he like her dad?” She tries to do what he assumes is a wink, but comes out somewhat weird when she adds a new pair of eyes under her usual ones. Elias breaks and starts laughing.


  “I- hahaha. Yes she was very nice and so was her dad, kind of handsome, snored a lot”


  “Hey!!!”


  “But regardless, I had fun. And I got you some presents, so why don't you go ahead and open them?” She doesn't take long to jump to the bags and start tearing the wrapping paper open, squealing at every new thing she finds.


  Peter is also excited but hides it better, less destructive while opening his presents. The gloves make him look oddly at him so he grabs his wrist and traces a finger on the tattoo.


  “You look… somewhat apprehensive about them, even if I think they look good, so in case you want to.. you know, cover them up?” His shoulders sag and he looks them over.


  “I like them” The books he seems to find interesting, it's the model ship that has him looking just as excited as the child holding her music box.


  “Thank you DLie!!!”


  “Oh Elias i love it” His heartbeat goes faster, Peter was looking directly at him while saying that and he felt his entire face burn up. 


  “You… are both welcome”


  “I.. also have one more gift for both of you” For Pasha he kneels down and asks for her hand, happily she offers it and he ties the bracelet that changes colors to yellow and pink.


  “Oh?! Oh it changes!! Why does it change?” She is wiggling and flapping her arms, her tail is swishing around in joy.


  “Its a mood bracelet, its enchanted to change colors to reflect how you feel. See? Yellow is for happiness and pink is for love and joy. So i know you are happy and feel love”


  “Yes, yes! Pasha is happy and loves Lie!” Her tiny frame collides with him and hugs him tightly. 


  “Oh dear” After a while she moves away to go play with some of the toys he got her. Peter is looking very softly at them, and once she moves, offers his hand to help him up.


  “And? WHat did I get then?” Rolling his eyes he pushes him a little bit.


  “Just wait” The small bag is easy to miss between all the paper but he does get to it.


  “Here. It's supposedly used by sailors, it helps to tell you the weather” Picking it up the other looks at it with an odd expression, something akin to melancholic.


  “Its- you always carry that rock one, so i figured something a little bit more useful…”


  “It's a family heirloom actually, my mother gave it to my older sister. When she ran off she left it behind so she gave it to me instead as the oldest son. I did get rid of the fancy parts and kept only the rock” Elias face falls, and he starts to internally panic, shit did he offend him? 


  “Im so-”


  “I like this, i… like it much better actually. You got it for me” 


  Oh.


  “You actually thought about what i liked about it” Elias has to turn elsewhere, move, do something else or he will blurt out something stupid. Or do something supid like kiss him. So to compromise and be able to hide his face he hugs him.


  “You are welcome. Here and always” It takes a few seconds but the man hugs him back.


  “Sap, not so scary of a king now huh?” Elias' face burns and he laughs. God he is turning into a sap isn't he? What a mess.


  “Shut up” The hug lasts longer than he expected, but eventually Peter moves away after a few coughs.


  “Pasha?” The girl turns around from her book.


  “Yes dad?” Peter takes off his necklace and motions for her to get closer.


  “Since this is a family thing… and mine… was not great, i think you should have it, since i'm your dad and all that” Her eyes shine and she stays quiet.


  “Pasha… Pasha couldn't-” The sailor pats her head twice and makes a few noises he doesn't get but she seems to.


  “You can, now can i?” She hesitates but nods, letting him place it around her neck.


  “Now I get to wear the one Elias gave me… huh. We all match now” Peter shows off the bracelet he gave him, Pasha puts hers next and Elias looks to the one they gave him.


  “Seems like it”


  “Family…” The little one hugs Peter and hides her face in his neck “Thanks, Pasha is happy, thank you for the kindness.” The man pets her hair a little bit and picks her up.


  “Its nothing, now we need to take this to our room, tomorrow we will pick one for you and in a few days start moving stuff. Is that ok?”


   “Yes daddy” Elias comes closer and she grabs his shirt “You too Eye, love you”


  “Me too, come on i will help” He does, he cares for them…. He thinks that he is even starting to like Tim and Helen, despite the chaos. They…. aren't so bad.


  Rosie is also fun to have around now that she is in it with the whole Pasha thing.

 

  Days pass, Pasha’s room is at the end of the hall, sometimes he hears Peter’s door open and some grumbling, but then its quiet again.


  According to him she is coming every two days to sleep with him, so that is an improvement.


  “It takes time, she will get the hang of it”





  Another thing he notices is her lack of appetite, Pasha keeps eating less and less. He tells Peter who says he will see if he can get some fairy food, maybe that would help?


  It does seem to improve to include a few of the fruits from the forest so that's something. Maybe eating only human food is not good for her? They really don't know much about changelings, so it could be that. 

 

  They were playing outside, Tim was chasing her around trying to scare her when Pasha suddenly fell flat to the ground. Now it wouldn't be weird she tends to fall off a lot, but this time she starts to wail.


  Elias, who was sitting and watching it happen, gets up with a jump and goes to where she is, Tim was already trying to pick her up, but Pasha kept screaming.


  “I dont know whats wrong- she was fine i-” Elias touches her arm and she flinches so hard he steps back. Her shape starts to collapse until she is left back in her goopy state, quickly he snatches the bundle of clothes and tries to talk with her.


  “Pasha- hey, it's ok what's wrong what happened??!”


  “Hey kiddo, it's ok, take a deep breath” Tim was slowly breathing in and out “Count to 5 and let it out, there we go, over and over” It takes a while of him comforting her while Timothy talks her down, but she stops.


  “Better?”


  “Hurts. Pasha fell and it hurt a lot” Elias doesn't understand.


  “Pasha you fall all the time, was there something sharp on the ground? Do I need to check you out?”


  “nO. Nono. Pasha got hurt, Lie! Pasha doesn't hurt, Pasha heals, why did it hurt? Why did it hurt Pasha? I don't get it, I don't get- get….” She stops suddenly and he feels her shape become solid.


  “Pasha hurt….”


  “Ok, how about we go inside him? We will see what we can do. Peter got more of those apples from the fairies, you can eat one of those”


  “Lie. Lie E-lie-as”


  “Yes?” She sniffles and curls up in her cltohes.


  “I'm sorry Lie. Msorry. Msorry Timmy, mm sorry too”


  “Hey kid its ok, if you got hurt and it spooked you its fine, we will just patch you up and it will be fine”


  “Sowy…”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  The weeks pass.


  He thought that after the little issue with the fall things would go back to normal, but Pasha has started to act off. Peter tells him that she has been looking down more often than not. Not only that but she seems to be refusing to take on her child shape, preferring the doll one. 


  Its not that bad, just odd, she claims she is just tired after their adventures so they let it be.


  Still she seems to have taken a liking to using Captain as a tiny steed in that shape and the kitten, bless him, seems actually to enjoy it against all odds. The animal is a menace to everyone but Peter and Pasha, hisses and scratches, with him he seems to be indecisive on whether he hates him or likes him. 


  So sometimes he would let him pet him and then start to try and bite him. Its amusing at the very least. Peter seems to love seeing it.


  “Oh he is just shy-”


  “Peter i'm fairly sure he wants to eat me”


  “Don't be such a downer”


  “Cptain likes Lie!! He is just shy!!” The little doll was curled up next to the animal and a teddy bear plush he got her.


  “Terrible all three of you” The man pokes him with a grin and the girl giggles. God why does he even bother anymore.

 

  Gertrude tells him that Oliver will only help as a last moment thing, he truly would rather not get involved with anything involving necromancy. When he asks him the next time he sees him- Elias needs to talk about finances- the man shrugs and merely pulls his glasses back in place.


  “I like my life here, my powers… are not exactly good, I would rather never have them developed to wake up one day to everything dying and decaying. I really did want to work finances”


  “And you did perfectly”


  “I know, I appreciate the opportunity and the enchanted gloves, it's why I chose this place” Without anything he touches just withers.


  “Well i'm glad you came, i warned her off beforehand that you may not help, so don't worry”


  “Mm, it's not that i don't want to, its just that somethings are inevitable, no matter what we try, death follows. We can delay it, but in the end it always gets you one way or another” Elias keeps his pleasant smile but internally he feels a spot of  ice in his chest.


  “Well, she thinks it can be delayed this time. So…”


  “Nice, I hope she finds the son, it will be easier to break for him than me, even with all my…” He makes a non committed noise that he understands fairly well.


  “With any hope she will, i gave her permission to use more funds to find him”


  “Well good luck with that….Ah sir, just a heads up, i will be taking a short leave in a few weeks, a friend that i haven't heard of in a while summoned me” The sleeping crow caws softly in its dreams, Oliver's familiar was usually unconscious. 


  “Oh, well that's fine, you will probably miss the Circus then” He sees him nod.


  “Probably for the best, I don't really like…”


  “Clowns? I share the sentiment” The face of relief is instant.


  “Yeah… one sort of ate my boyfriend to be honest, well, not a clown, clown, a very mean changeling but you get how it is” Ah yes Graham.


  “Sorry for your loss”


  “Its fine sir, it was a long time ago” His mind drifts off to his own little changeling and he smiles a little bit more honestly.


  “Well it was good to talk, give me the reports once you are done, goodbye Oliver”


  “Bye sir” Oliver watches the king go and ponders if he should say something about the roots growing around him, Mister Foster and the little girl that clings around them. However they seemed… more indecisive. Their fates were not decided on yet.


  Better not then, telling people this kind of thing leads to problems, his great grandfather did it before and it lead to a man becoming obsessed to stop his own demise.

 

  Peter tells him one afternoon that he has been having trouble with Pasha lately, she seemed way too tired even if she wasn't doing much during the day. 


  She is exhausted, far more than she should, when she is not in her room she sleeps in Peter’s pocket like Captain. The worst part he admits is that she is becoming harder to wake up, it didn't matter the noise around her, Pasha would sleep right through it even if before she was very easy to wake. 


  “She is also sleeping a lot, like i left her to take a nap 4 hours ago and she hasn't moved since, i keep coming back to check if she breathes” Elias was concerned, the sailor was  nervously playing with his bracelet while talking.


  “I'm not sure if its maybe a kid thing or something else?” 


  “I.. don't know to be honest, usually kids are the opposite, very energetic, she is energetic, maybe… maybe she is growing and needs more rest?” But it rings a little bit hollow, as much as he wants to think that, Pasha is not a human child, he has no idea what is normal for her kind.


  “Maybe…”


  Asking for the only other fae in the castle was kind of useless. Helen is not sure what's wrong either, and  as for the pixies in the forest they don't know either, they aren't used to her kind. Changelings stick together, so they don't usually have good relationships with other fae.


  Most of them come from the forest of Wonders, since its where the main gateway to their kingdom is. Of course there are more in other forests or areas, but well, that particular place was crawling with her kind.


  Elias just thinks about Nikola and shivers. He still can reconcile the little ball of sunshine that is Pasha with her calling that thing Miss Nikola as if she was such a marvelous thing. Nikola Orsinov was an awful creature. A result of magic and a deal with a fae going wrong. Now she was the self proclaimed queen of the forest due to her existence being powered by i do not know you. The creator of the changelings and their “mother” 


  It makes him uncomfortable, the confusion and mess that those of her kind give him, his own powers become more… useless with it around and it's painful.

 

  Pasha slept while he worked in the tower, he was firm about her being grounded, but true to word, she practically fell asleep on the spot, her shape became almost liquid so he had to scoop her and put her in a jar while he wrote. 


  She was also withdrawing, being more closed off from all of them and staying on her own more.


  Perhaps... Perhaps she was still upset about being given her own room?


  Maybe she was adjusting? It could be.

 

  Peter is at the docks fishing while Opal plays in the water.


  “Hey stranger”


  “Mm, hello your majesty” Rolling his eyes he hides his face in his scarf and sits next to him. Looking around he doesn't spot any black goop or a cat.


  “Left them inside then?” At that he gives him a hurt expression.


  “... Peter?”


  “Pasha said she wanted to be alone, so i left the cat in her room” That seems good, she was being more independent then.


  “Isn't that what we were trying to accomplish? For her to start being less clingy?” That's when his shoulders sag and he lowers the fishing rod.


  “It is, but she was off, she just said that it was better if she stayed on her own '' That… can't be right.


  “That's not like her…”


  “No, no it isn't” 

 

  She passes out in the middle of a game. Elias almost loses it when she just flops uselessly to the ground, like a doll whose strings got cut. In his panic he takes her to Peter who carefully pries her from his shaking hands and takes her to his room. 


  He checks her out several times, in the meantime Elias is trying his best to not shove throw something to the wall. It was going all well, she was actually laughing and then-


  “Elias?” He realizes Peter was holding his hands.


  “She is not hurt from what i can see, i'm fairly sure she just fell asleep on the spot” What the hell.


  “Why!?” 


  “.... I don't know, maybe her kind hibernates during winter? She said the cold made her shape become stiff right? Perhaps its her body shutting down to keep energy until it's warmer? She actually seemed fine in Aella” It… could be? Still he goes later to find all the books on changelings.


  The problem with that is that they were all about how dangerous they were and the effects their powers have. How to identify them or how to kill them, nothing useful to their little bundle of goop.

 

  Asking his patron gives mixed results, one of his suggestions was to buy a very specific item from Mikaele, getting a table doesn't sound like a good way to help fix his charge, even if it is magical. The next one was to use his memory removing spell, but when he asked why, it wouldn't tell him!! He is trying to help the little creature but his patron is being stubborn. Asking Pasha is just as pointless as she didn't tell them anything, no matter how much they pried and asked. 


  All she said was that she was tired.

 

  More days pass and Peter’s theory about hibernation seems the most likely, albeit when asked she just shrugs it off. 


  Another thing that happens is that before she would eat very little, but now? Now she ate a lot, however no matter what she ate, nothing seemed to fill her at all. He could hear her cry out of pain, because she was so hungry it made her ill. He tries again to get her to tell them whats wrong but all the little creature can say is-


  “Pasha is so hungry” Or if he tried too hard-


  “Pasha is sowy, Pasha loves you and Da-” And then she cries and cries with hunger pains and a tiredness he can't stop or fix. 


  Nothing they gave her filled her as it should. She just twisted and cried and slept and it was driving all of them insane. Peter was the worst, in the end he moved her back to his room in an attempt to keep her close to make sure nothing happened to her. When he asks he says she cries in her sleep all night.


  “I just hold her against my chest and try to sing to calm her down” 

 

  Tim is angry, not at her, but at himself from failing to protect her, it isn't just to keep Sasha’s memories safe anymore, he truly grew to care for the child now that she wasn't a carbon copy of his missing friend. Elias knows it, can 
  
    see 
  
  him ask around town in a few alchemist shops for potions, knows he is flirting with different travelers to see if they know something to help an ill changeling. It is however true that just like he was before, most people want to get rid of them not help them. The memory snatchers, the child kidnappers-


  Changelings are cruel and vicious and would leave you with nothing.


  Tim cradles a tiny and tired doll and lets her hug him and call him big bro.


  He lost Sasha and his brother, he can't lose the little one too.

 

  Helen is also lost, she is closer to her in kind, but she is not quite the same, their feeding habits are different. She traps people and tricks them in her hallways, she takes them to the spiraling lands where the fairies of confusion and deceit like to stay.


  “I don't know. Her body is not like mine, i… i used to be human i don't know, even by staying with the fairies i never knew-” She twist herself into knots


  Literally, her shape blurs and gives him a headache.

 

  “I don't know Elias” Peter is laying flat on his bed looking like he hasn't slept in days, which is true, they decided to switch and look after her during the nights in turns. Of course when she woke up whimpering and apologizing during the middle of the night, Peter ended up coming in and they slept together to calm her down.


  “Maybe Simon can help? I will write him a letter, it's all I can't think of. I already contacted Mikaele so he will be here with the table in a week. That's all we can do”


  “I hate this, I hate it a lot, she should be fine! She was fine, what is wrong?” And Peter looked so… defeated. The whole thing is worrisome and neither knows what to do “
  
    She was supposed to be fine…
  
  ”


  “I don't know” It doesn't seem to help him, the man only sighs and closes his eyes.


  “Do you think it's us? Maybe she does need to be near someone of her kind?” He considered it, but Elias… doesn't want her to go there, it's far too dangerous and they already hurt her. Unfortunately he doesn know any other friendly changeling to ask them.


  “Let's just… lets just stick to the plan for now i will see what i can do”

 

  He remembers the repairmen he hired to close off the tunnels, they were with the changelings, Elias hesitates, he doesn't want to reveal Pasha when he knows her kind hurt her for choosing to be different. He has no assurance that they would help, true he could try to make them promise.


  But it doesn't feel like he will be able to get away with it again.


  So in the end he puts it as a very, very last chance thing. He refuses to put her in danger.

 

  It keeps going like that for a few days until one morning he wakes up to a tiny hand touching his face.


  “Lie? Lie wake up, i’m hungy, i want the chocolate pancakes” Tired he merely hides under the covers.


  “Ask your dad Pasha…”


  “Daddy can we have panqueques!” 


  “Its pancakes doll-”


  “Nu uh, it's panqueques too! I saw it in a book” Peter groans. Pasha doesn't cry as much during the night if it's the three of them so they went back to sharing spaces. He did wish it wasn't due to something so pressing, but it feels reassuring to have him close by when their dau-


  When his charge!!! Is sick.


  “Pasha, it's early, why don't you-” That's when the two of them seem to realize at the same time what was wrong. Elias sits up quickly making her fall back with a laugh. Captain remains in place at the foot of their bed.


  “Scared Pasha Lie-” Peter scoops her up and starts looking her over.


  “How do you feel?! What happened-”


  “Im Hungy daddy, please oh please can we have panqueques!!” He has no idea where she learned the word, but he is too overjoyed to think it through. Pulling his hair back incredulously Elias nods and picks her up too.


  “Are you feeling better Princess?”


  “Myup” She does look like it.


  “Eye nice and warm… Pasha loves you!” She boops his nose and grins with sharper teeth. He is so overjoyed at her being back to normal he doesn't notice the bags under her eyes and how pale she is now.

 

  The day is fine, Pasha is a bundle of energy again and everyone lets out a collective breath. The maids who got used to seeing her running around and asked where she was, were delighted to see the little child asking questions and pulling at his hand.


  Rosie, who had been also writing letters to find anyone capable of helping, seemed relieved too.


  “Glad you are feeling better”


  “Myup Miss Rosie!” Peter picks her up and they start to walk in front of them.


  “Sir about giving him a title…? Have you thought about it?” Eias has, between worrying about the girl, he has considered what he wanted to do with the two of them, Pasha Foster was already settled.


  The thing is. Elias could, he very well could give Peter a title of any kind, with that assured… courting him won't be out of line. Because god knows he wants to, the missing prince is getting further and further away as if he was escaping his past. Perhaps if he marries and his image becomes a little bit less… reclusive and off, maybe the people don't want to replace him outright if the actual man comes along.


  It also gives Peter immunity too if he has any issues with Simon. Elias can talk it over… smooth things down between them and then boom! Peace achieved. He is sure he can do it.


  He wants to believe that very badly, has fantasizes about it. But for now it will remain as such, albeit its becoming hard to deny himself, after all why should he not? Why should he not get this, have them the way he actually wants?


  Then there is the small part of him that says that Peter would not want it, that it would be rejected and he will just ruin everything again. That like with Jonathan he will burn the last relationship he had for being himself.


  “Sir?”


  “Not yet” He can't bring himself to it yet, can't face the possibility.


  “Should I prepare anything that would let you marry him if asked just in case?” She is way too smug and sharp.


  “Don't be cocky Miss Zampano, its not becoming of you”


  “Its not becoming of you sir to be obtuse on purpose” Giving her a sour look she relents.


  “Fine, fine, apologies”


  “Its not like that! We are friends” Her incredulous look is offensive.


  “Of course you are, you just want also a little bit more. Understandable”


  “Oh sod off”

 

  So that's how things go, Pasha is better not perfect, because she still sleeps too much, but she is back to her usual cheerful self.


  It's closer to the end of the month when the circus comes to town, a few days passed since the little creature made a recovery, one morning she wakes them up-


  They are still sticking together, despite being active during the day she still cries in her sleep, so Peter and him have been keeping her close.


  “Pasha wants to go to the circus” Peter is for once giving them his back, Pasha is laying in the middle. She is still sleepy.


  “Princess you have been feeling off for weeks, you just started to feel better, i know the circus sounds exciting but i'm not sure its a good idea” She was small and goopy, he sees the tiny crack near her eye. Pasha makes a few tiny twigs like arms and pokes him.


  “Pasha nee-... I want to see the circus Lie. Please I will be good. I can go with Timmy-” Tim would stab someone.


  “Maybe not Tim, clowns… make him feel sick” The best way to describe what she did would be saying she did a full body scrunch up.


  “Clowns are funny. Clowns wear masks and are-”


  “Strangers, his brother was taken in a place similar to a circus dear” Her tiny eyes go round.


  “Oh, oh no, thats bad, Pasha thought-”


  “Hey, its ok. Taking a deep breath he pats her “Listen, Mikaele comes tomorrow with the table I ordered, the circus will stay the entire week, how about we go during the weeked, Peter you and me hm? Only! Only if you feel well” She makes garbled noises but eventually nods and goes to curl up next to his neck.


  “Thank you lie” It was still early, so he nodded and tried to go to sleep again. Soon his body relaxes, he can hear Peter breath next to him, Pasha is warm against him.


  He sleeps.


  “Im sorry dad, Pasha wanted to dance with you. I'm sorry daddy i won't be able to stay with Lie” Her body pulses and instead of the deep dark that she usually takes for a few seconds she turns ashen.


  “Mm too tired… mm too hungy. Mm sowy Timmy and Sasha. I bit memories i didn't mean to” She sleeps and in dreams she weeps in silence. 

 

  Elias goes to check the docks to see Salesa during the afternoon, he doesn't expect to see Peter talking with him. Puzzled he arrives making both men stare at him with different expressions. 


  Mikaele looked amused to no end, Peter looked nervous.


  “Hello gentleman, did not expect to see you here Peter…”


  “I was going to check a few things on the ship… we just crossed paths!”


  “That we did, very interesting fellow, your majesty, did not know you had someone… helping you out. Quite the surprise!”


  “Well, I believe it's none of your business, so. Did you get it?” The tall-


  And truly, Mikaele was bigger than Peter by a few inches giving him an impressive presence, merely laughing at his tone and nodding.


  “Of course, I told you I did! I always do my end of the bargain. My boys will take it inside, just a warning. That thing was used by the… weavers and the unknowable ones, its very cursed, several people were apparently consumed by it, so be very, very careful with it. Also that thing is like 800 years old, and has a lot of stuff stuck inside. No idea why you wanted it, but i am happy to get rid of it for once”


  “Really?” He is not very happy with the information, his patron has not told him yet, why he needed to buy the thing and from what he inferred the table was dangerous.


  “Ah one more thing, the middle of it? There is a fake  hole, you can put something inside it. But i haven't checked it, man i got it from had spiders everywhere in his house so i reckon you should not touch it”


  “Elias….” He knows, he knows. He gives Peter a small grimace.


  “It will be fine” The man looks unconvinced, but when he sighs and knocks shoulders with him it seems to deflate him.


  “Fine, just do what you think will work” He has no idea what to do, but he will find a way. He always does.


  “Oh?” Giving a polite smile to Mikaele he tells him to come by so he can pay him for the item.


  “I would not mind that, perhaps a bottle of wine too…” Well, he is a guest and major provider of supernatural objects so he nods.


  “Say Peter, would you like to come with?” Said sailor looked like he was about to disappear on the spot.


  “Mikaele don't annoy my-” Quick what does he say??! “friend, he is not going to put up with your shenanigans”


  “Oh i don't know about that, fairly sure he wouldn't mind” And the cheeky bastard has the gall to wink, he was about to chew him off for it, when he notices how pink Peter looked.


  “I would rather stay here” 


  …


  “Why i think you should come Peter, its just a few drinks and he is off” He sees him freeze looking at him and then Mikaele who still looks like he won a golden chest.


  “Fine- fine!” Inside they go.

 

  Mikaele flirts with Peter all the way, Elias is barely containing his rage, but perhaps the worst part is how his companion seems to flush and even answer back to some of his attempts!!!!


  He feels both cold rage and a pit at the bottom of his stomach, because it is confirmation that despite his feelings Peter is not interested in him. Not really, Elias was just being dumb.


  “So… how did you two meet?” Elias was drinking his wine bitterly, when it became obvious he wasn't about to reply Peter does it for him.


  “He had an accident on the road. We met by accident and had to travel together, a spider tried to eat him so I saved him and brought him back here. That's um the short version of it”


  “Quite the tale! I'm surprised you didn't leave…” Peter laughs.


  “Well, Elias was kind enough to offer a place to stay-”


  “Yes, but you have a ship, you could quite literally go anywhere” Elias holds over his cup is painful. Peter flounders.


  “... Well, it's nice here. It's sunny and the ocean looks blue” That is such an odd thing to say that he is actually perplexed. Mikaele however nods.


  “I know that, but there are more places like that across the land, you could pick any of them. Why stay here?” It's Peter’s turn to remain silent.


  “He enjoys the company obviously” Some teasing has to be done, he won't lose to bloody Salesa. That makes said man laugh and nod.


  “Im teasing, i don't doubt it” Now more at ease, Elias gets up and goes to pick up the payment for real, he is very done with this. He truly wants to rest after this whole charade, plus his chest aches.


  “Feels like home” Its so low that he almost misses it.


  “...That sounds good enough for me” Mikale reply is likewise rather soft in tone, he feels left out. Like he is missing something obvious and it's singling him out. He tries to pry but Salesa is not an idiot and he still wears that dark magic necklace blinding his efforts.


  Elias drops the small gold filled chest roughly into the table in front of him.


  “There, pleasure to make business with you” His stare was frosty.


  “Likewise, if you need anything I will be there. I had a recent drop in buyers so I got more cargo to sell” Curious.


  “Is that so?”


  “Yes, apparently Mooreland became even more reclusive, they closed off their ports. Nothing comes in, nothing goes out. So I'm sort of left with a lot of… artifacts” ???


  Simon also cut off contact with them. What in the everloving hell are they thinking?


  “Well…. good to know then, now we should head back outside-”


  “Do you know why…?” Peter looks far more calm now, Mikaele shakes his head.


  “Last I heard the queen just closed up everything, even the town, nothing and no one can leave. The fog was 100 times worse, I almost crashed trying to reach land for my last delivery before being dismissed. Plus everyone just felt terrible, it took three days before any of my boys could feel anything that wasn't utter despair” Elias who had a brush with the fog shudders.


  “Horrible”


  “Definitely, but oh well nothing can be done. I will take this and go if you don't mind…”


  “No, no, please. 
  
    Do
  
  ” Elias still feels bitter.


  “I will take him back if you don't mind” That doesn't help his mood one bit, but he nods and goes to check on the table, preferring to focus on the now. He will get mad later.

 

  The room is to be locked and he only has the key to it, no one gets eaten for sure, Elias inspects it and uses several spells to check if its safe, nothing comes up, besides the obvious magical residue. 


  It's a normal table, but has abnormal amounts of leftover magic he can't trace, which if Salesa’s was right the combination of weaver magic and changeling one explained it.


  His patron doesn't provide an answer.


  In fact it's awfully quiet, he asks about it but gets no answer. His powers are not gone, but it wont tell him??? Why make him get the stupid table then!!


  Frustrated, he kicks a chair.

 

  Elias thinks of Peter flushing and flirting back during the rest of the day and feels worse and worse by the moment, God he is an idiot. They are just friends, what was he thinking!!!


  “Lie? Is Lie sad?”


  “No, no, I'm a fine princess. It was a long day that's all”


  “Mm, kay. Will daddy come back soon? Pasha tired” Its late, but he gently shakes his head.


  “You are sleeping with him only today, you are better darling” He was so incensed that he told him that since Pasha was better perhaps they should go back to their regular sleeping schedule.


  “But-” Elias smiles and pats his chest.


  “If anything happens you can come, but since she has been less upset I figured it would be best. Eventually she will have to move back to her room too. No need to prolong this”


  “... Yeah, you are right”


  So he takes the creature despite her tiny and cute protests to Peter's room, he was already dressed up for sleep, so he gently places her in his hands.


  “Nooo, Pasha wants to sleep with Lie and dad, please!” Shaking his head he pokes her.


  “You are better dear, once you are fully well you will go back to your room”


  “Nnoo” Her whines are tired and she struggles until she flops, only moving her tiny arms uselessly.


  “Sleby, Pasha sleby wants her dads” Elias remains posed in place despite the way it hurt to hear her call them her dads. If only.


  “Sorry Princess, goodnight Pasha…. Goodnight Peter”


  “Night Eli-” He moves away before he finishes. Stupid him for thinking that he was anything but friendly.


  Peter doesn't want him like that, it was always him making himself think otherwise!!!! He was just dumb enough to almost ruin his friendship over something so stupid.


  He actually considered-


  Elias did consider what Rosie said, but this was just proof that it wasn't meant to. God what a stupid moron he is. Curling up in a big empty bed he stays miserable until he falls asleep and dreams with circuses and masks.


  He only wakes up to the wall knocking, Elias stays in place. He is being petty, he knows, but he is hurt. And even if it's unfair he wants Peter to feel bad too. 


  Again, if he wants to go, wants to date, Elias has no right over it, should not get mad. Should not get jealous.


  And yet-


  
    And yet!!!!
  


  He drifts in and out of sleep until the door knocks. He should tell him to fuck off, but Pasha was still feeling bad and so he tells him to come in. The taller man looked tired, the changeling was clinging to him and he could see too many eyes leaking tears.


  “I can't make her stop Lias. I just… Can she stay here?” He looks to be at the end of his rope.


  “Put her here-” Captain runs between his legs and jumps to the bed.


  “No, bad kitty we aren't staying tonight-” His resolve crumbles when he sees the man holding Pasha tiredly while trying to pick up the kitten who hisses and actually climbs towards him.


  “Please just come along”


  “Peter”


  “Im sorry i will-”


  “Peter please just get in, clearly we aren't going to sleep otherwise” He can see though the small light he turned with his magic that his face was weary.


  “I don't want to bother you, i… shouldn't have gotten so comfortable staying here, i know i have to go back to my room, i sort of… got used to it” He wants to say that he did too. But Elias decides to lie.


  “Understandable, look… clearly she still needs this, so for now and until Pasha is fine… you can stay”


  “...Of course” Once he is back in bed and the child is in the middle, Elias turns off the light and touches her lightly, making her shiver.


  “It will be ok, we got you… you will be fine” She still lets out a few tears, but it's much less than before.


  “Wish she would believe me when i tell her”


  “Yeah… goodnight Peter” There is no answer, but it's for the best.


  “I'm happy here, I stayed because of you. I like the kingdom but i wouldn't stay if you were gone”


  “Im glad” He is, thats actually very nice to hear, even if his heart is stupid and decides to beat faster for nothing “Im happy you are here too, glad we met, i would still be alone otherwise” Elias is almost alseep enough so that he actually thinks he dreamed it.


  “You make me less lonely, i didn't know that was possible” It's so soft and so low he surmises his mind is playing tricks on him.


  “You make me happy… even if I get jealous….” Elias passes out, not realizing he said that outloud.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  The days before going to the circus are… odd.


  Peter and Pasha were acting weird, more than usual that is. Timothy wasn't helping one bit, kept making little comments about him and Peter that made him kick him out to work.


  “Stop slacking off and saying nonsense!”


  “Aye, aye your majesty!!!” Is he losing his touch? He used to terrify everyone. Why are they all so cheeky now!!


  Point is, Peter was being weird in the sense that he kept giving him looks while also freezing a little when he touched him, it was disconcerting. Elias for his part has come to the realization that he should rein himself in, that his feelings won't be reciprocated and he was merely projecting. 


  He could court Peter truly, he is a king he has all the power needed, but… he doesn't want to force him, he wants him to love him back and that is not something he can do. Peter wont forgive him if he tried to keep him against his will and what Elias wants is a partner.


  Not a forced relationship, not to lose his friend.


  In the end he surmises it's impossible to get everything. At least the man stays with him like this, he still has the kingdom he worked so hard to maintain.


  Elias won't give it up, not now, not ever.


  Pasha for her part was being rather jumpy, he attributes it to her excitement over the circus, but it is clear that there is something else too. Her health has become a fixed point, during the day she seems fine, but during the night she becomes tired and sick.


  No one knows how to help her.


  His patron is still quiet about the table and its infuriating.


   


  In his tower he writes letters to Simon asking advice about her health, with any luck he has more information about it, with all the magical beings there surely there must be an answer, maybe a doctor that he can send. 


  Something.


  “Lie?”


  “Mm, yes? Did you finish your drawing?” He gave her colors and paper, she tried to imitate him at first but became bored and started to doodle on the pages.


  “Ye- sort of. Pasha has a question!”


  “An admirable thing, questioning things is important” He knows he is being difficult on purpose, but she looks very adorable when she is confused.


  “Ok? Question!!! Question….Would Lie be sad if Pasha went to visit family…” His hold on the pen tightens.


  “I would be concerned for your health, you said they were not nice to you”


  “...True, ok but if Pasha went on a trip and.. and took a long time to come back would Lie be sad?” The question throws him off guard, its very… specific.


  “Do you intend to go on a trip?”


  “Answer First! Pasha asked first!!” She slams her little hand on the desk making him tsk and poke her.


  “Rude, but to answer your question… I would be very sad if you were gone. I care about you a fair amount, you have brightened my life quite a lot so to see you go it would break my heart” Her eyes go wide at his statement and she looks down to her paper.


  “And, and if dad and Pasha go and Lie is alone…?” That's when he breaks his pen again.


  “Lie??” Smiling serenely he merely throws it to the trash with the others and takes a new one from the drawer.


  It's full of them.


  Gertrude and Rosie insist that it's not normal for him to break so many, but he is stressed. What can he do otherwise?


  “I would be heartbroken if you two left. I-” 
  
    Love you
  
   “care for you two very much so and to have you leave me… if there is no reason i would be very, very sad. Why do you ask?” That is his main worry: it feels too pointed. Peter was acting odd, so was she. Did they plan on leaving? 


  “Pasha-” She cuts herself off and offers her hand to him, Elias holds it and she squeezes. The little girl looks up at him for a few minutes in silence, its chilling to be honest. He feels woozy, like he is starting to forget-


  “Pasha loves you” Elias blinks, why was he worried? What- What were they talking about again?


  “I love you too doll, did you want to show me your drawing?” Nodding, she holds the page up.


  Its him and Peter holding hands, at least he thinks, her drawings are childish, there are also tiny hearts floating around them. Captain is there.


  There is also an owl.


  “Why is there an owl next to me?” She giggles and flaps her hands.


  “Lie is silly, it's yours” Pasha offers no other explanation than that. So he pats her head and tells her he will keep the drawing. He can't let her show it to Peter.


  “Daddy is weird”


  “I know”


  “Nuuu, daddy has been acting weirder!!! He keeps turning pink like this see!” Her cheeks turn pink, but very unnaturally so, more magenta if he was being honest “And he keeps mumbling things like- what did he mean? It must be my imagination!” That does sound peculiar.


  “Huh, wonder why that is. He is giving me odd looks too”


  “Maybe he wants to kiss youuuu” If Elias had been drinking he would have spitted it all over the desk.


  “I dont- dont think its that Princess”


  “But- but, aren't dad and Lie married?” His brain sort of combusts at her reasoning.


  “Doll, there is a few more things needed to be married” Frowning she starts to count with her fingers.


  “Daddy gave you a ring, you sleep together and hold hands!! He gave you a flower crown…” She whispers the last part and looks starstruck. Right, right fae have different customs-


  “Thats- i asked him to give me the ring, friends can share a bed or hold hands! Plus, we are human doll, flower crowns are not the same thing as human marriage”


  “Dumb, all dumb, Lie and daddy are dumb” Being scolded by a child, what has his life turned into.


  “Yes… we are  a little bit dumb”


  
  


  Elias doesn't avoid Peter, that is childish and petty and truly? He learned his lesson about it, the whole thing with Jane showed him how he tends to be rather… toxic if he feels jealous or like he is losing something he cares about.


  So he doesnt avoid him, but he makes sure to push back his feelings along with any advance he makes.


  As it turns out through the months he has become way too comfortable with him, making Elias realize how much he has been leaning or touching him when he has to stop himself from doing so.


  No wonder everyone is obsessively checking on them, Elias had a cold demeanor so this was way too noticeable. So he tries to cut it off, he does hit his shoulder playfully or bumps into him, but no more… closer touches.


  He has to stop this, otherwise it will grow to be a problem and he can't ruin this because of his feelings and insecurities. He refuses to let it happen again.


  It seems to throw Peter off balance, which is… to be expected, but it will have to do, Elias has to put limits. He can't keep doing this to himself, he has to stop himself. Must do it for his own sake.

 

  At night they share the bed, sure, but its become apparent that something is amiss, Pasha is of course in the middle; they both try their best to console her during the night. But he wont move closer to the other man at all. Peter does appear to wake up closer and closer during the mornings, which pushes him back, he almost nearly falls from the bed. He seems to be trying to cling to him in sleep but Elias rolls over.


  Pasha just holds onto his neck like a lifeline.

 

  Finally after all that, the weekend arrives, the little changeling had been feeling well, so he agrees to go to town to see the circus with her and Peter. Hugging him close she starts to cry a little making him worry.


  “What's wrong i thought its what you wanted?”


  “I- sniff- I love you so much, Pasha wants you to know that” It warms and breaks his heart, so he picks her up and holds her close. The show is in the late afternoon so they hurry.


  “I love you too Princess” Burying her face into his neck he takes her outside. Elias has his bracelet on the ready and Peter is waiting. He… is actually dressed up very nicely, he is even wearing the gloves he gave him. Staring a little too long, Pasha pats him and he puts her down.


  “Da looks nice!!” Running off to him, Peter lifts her effortlessly.


  It strikes him how he hasn't noticed before.


  Pasha has slowly stopped looking like Sasha through the months and now resembles Peter. The freckles, hair color, even her eyes turned light blue. She has pudgy cheeks since she was still a little kid, but he can see a familiar resemblance between them. The changeling makes garbled noises that Peter nods to.


  He sees she is wearing the necklace Peter gave her, it has been changed to fit her more so it doesn't hang loosely. They look like actual father and daughter. His throat dries.


  “Are we… going?” Nodding he starts to walk. On the way they see a bunch of pixies flying around in a hurry.


  “What is up with them…?”


  “I'm not sure, i tried to visit the forest, but i got kicked out, they are all very nervous” That's concerning, what could possibly make the fairies so anxious?


  Asking his patron wields no answer at all.


  The town is a colorful mess, people were walking and smiling and everything was centered on the giant circus. The tent occupied a huge space in the middle of the town, exhibits with animals were around letting the children see them at a safe distance, people even started to sell food and trinkets with all the energy going around. There were a few clowns making balloons, and giving papers with the schedule of the show.


  Picking one up there is at least another hour before it starts so with a sigh he points out a few things they could do before that. Pasha is on Peter’s shoulders watching it all unfold. 


  “Less sharp Pash- your nails hurt”


  “Sowy daddy” They walk around. 


  The animals are weird, not native of course, some are even magical, but they all act kind of stiff. They are probably not being treated right, Peter keeps looking at them puzzled for some reason, Pasha waves at them and that seems to make them react enough to move a little bit. 


  Elias shivers; it felt as if they were watching them in specific. Touching Peter lightly he points to a food stand and he nods following him. Elias buys a few caramel apples for them, the girl eats hers very quickly.


  “Yummy!!! It tastes like the ones I ate at home” Elias takes a few bites from his and has to admit its very sweet. Peter was about to take a bite when a woman bumps into him, making him drop it.


  “Im- im sorry sir my little girl i cant- Victoria!!! Where are you?? Sweety!!!” She looked very distressed. He looks around but most kids are with their parents.


  “Oh that's a shame! But if you want I can give you another one for free-” The vendor who clearly seemed to be from the circus offered Peter a new one.


  “I would rather not actually. I think I want to try the cotton candy” The shop that sold it was from one of his citizens. Elias shrugs and keeps eating his, fine by him, they leave to get Peter his food and don't see the man’s smile disappear.


  His neck snaps with a crack and his smile is back in place, going back to offer more apples to the people around.

 

  “Look at the lights!!” Now that it was getting darker the tent was being illuminated by some sort of magic, it changed colors slowly making it look like the place was constantly changing.


  “They are very nice Princess” Peter turns to him and frowns.


  “Are you ok?” Elias gives him a confused look.


  “What? Why do you ask?”


  “Its just-”


  “Daddy” They look at her and she points to the side “Daddy i can see aunty” And true to her word he does see July. Peter freezes, she hasn't noticed them yet.


  “Lets go inside”


  “But-”


  “Peter, do you want to talk with her?” And by his face it seems to be a complicated answer so he touches his shoulder.


  “I would like to take a seat before it fills up, can you come with me? I would be very happy if you did. We can get one to see well and not be so crowded what do you think?” He is unsure if its him giving him an out, the idea that yes, he would rather pick a seat that is not so close to everyone or Elias' own soft tone, but Peter nods and grabs his hand to not lose him and they go.


  Inside the place is huge, a swirling mess of colors and things. There are already people looking for seats so they move. With any luck his sister didn't see him or if she did, she won't come to bother him with so many people around.


  Peter guides them towards a more… secluded part of the stage and take a seat on the chairs there. Pasha is put down from his shoulders and sits next to them.


  “Are you ok?” He looked pale, which is something considering his skin tone.


  “Im… just surprised that's all” Turning to the side Peter looks at Pasha next “Thank you kid, for letting me know”


  “It's ok Da, Lie will protect you, he can be mean and scare her away like with the maids. He can be all Wah!!! I know your secrets muahahaha, fear meee” Outrageous he is not like that at all!!


  Peter laughs.


  “Oh- yes he, he is like that huh?”


  “I do not speak like that or do that!!!” His indignation sets them off in a matching set of giggles.


  “I- well you do… take pride in being able to deceive people and use their darkest secrets…”


  “And- and Eye looks happy when he makes the staff scra- scamble”


  “It's a scramble, and I do not” Both the child and man give knowing looks to each other and he is offended.


  “I can't believe you both. Betrayed by my own- fa-friends” He almost slips, almost. Quickly he tries to change the conversation.


  “So what do you think they will do?” Peter tells him he never went to the circus so he has no idea, Pasha kicks her legs and says she wants to see the clowns and trapezes.


  “Really?”


  “Mm yup! Or, or the ones that walk on the rope!!” Looking up he sees the tightrope, what he also notices is the lack of safety net under. They must be really sure of themselves then, he hopes.


  But the show has been here for a week and nothing has gone wrong so far, so its probably ok.


  They talk more as people begin to fill the place, strangely or maybe not so much considering his company, they are left alone in their own little corner of the circular room. A pair of… repairmen? Seems to be adjusting a few things. Elias feels like has seen them before but its kind of blurry…


  A vendor passes and offers them pop corn, he pays for it and Pasha starts to eat it saying how yummy it was.


  “So sweet!!! Elias, having his own sweet tooth, eats with her too. Peter says that if he keeps putting so much on his mouth he will look like a squirrel, so when he tries to grab for himself he hits his hand and tells him to eat his cotton candy first. Pouting he does and soon the show begins.


  He feels oddly hot despite the time of year, but he assumes its all the people condensed in the same place. The lights go down and soon the ringmaster appears.


  “Why hello everyone and welcome to the Circus of Arcadia!!! I am your humble ring master Nikolai!!!” The man  moved swiftly and gesticulated wildly to the amusement of everyone there.


  “Today you will see feats that go beyond your imagination! Adventure, fun, danger!!! and more all for one last night! You see, we must take an early departure. We are so sorry, but the dance never stops and there are more places that need us! But do not fret, we will give you a show you wont forget” They had incredible luck, if they had decided to go on sunday they would have missed it.


  “So, ladies and gentlemans! Welcome to your adventure for the night, i hope… its magical for all of you as it is to me!” Soon he does a few pirouettes and jumps and starts to announce the entrance of the members of the circus.


  Everyone watches the jugglers first, they use normal objects at first, balls, toys, even shoes! But then they started to use sharp objects, everyone was grabbing their seats watching them use knives and swords, throwing them in the air and catching them without any damage.


  “You see!! Here we have the best the land can offer, we are one big giant family! And that never stops!” The comment seems a little bit odd, but its soon forgotten at the next act.


  Magicians making tricks, disappearing from one box to the other, making animals appear out of hats-


  Clearly it could be just actual magicians working there, but its still impressive.


  “Why look at this little one-!” Nikolai picks up the tiny rabbit that the magician took out of his hat. 


  “But I can make it go away in a second, only if I just-” And with the hand that he doesn't hold it he slams it down with a deafening sound.


  He could hear a pin drop, several mothers were already trying to cover their children's eyes. But the man showed his hands and they were clean, Nothing was there.


  “Oh? Where is it? Well perhaps…” Taking off its boot he shakes it and suddenly the rabbit appears again completely safe.


  “There we go! Little one just decided to hide inn my shoe!!” Everyone starts clapping and the childrens laugh while the mother looks relieved. Elias smiles and is about to do it too, but Peter grabs his arm.


  “Peter? What's wrong-” He looked at the stage with a frightened expression. But before he could speak Nikolai announces the next act.


  “Now the tightrope!! Give a round of applause to our newest member…. David!” The lights illuminate a young man, he was standing high up. He was smiling, or thats what he thought, instead he realizes his mouth is painted in a smile.


  “David is our sad little clown you see, he is forever missing his home- but don't worry we are his new family now! Isn't that right David dear?” The man nods and goes to stand in the tightrope.


  “Elias-!”


  “Look daddy, he looks like Timmy” Elias watches him, but the man could not look any more different to Tim if he tried. Wrong hair color, height, sking tone.


  “Princess he looks nothing like Timothy” Elias turns to her to answer, but freezes. Pasha was wrong, her eyes were pure black and her face was an amalgamation of different features. Her skin was a neon green blue, that pulsed as if alive, her hands that tried to touch him were stretched and sharp, her entire body was thin, she was made of only sharp edges. 


  “What's wrong Eye-” Her voice starts to distort and he realizes he feels like he is boiling.


  “Im-” People laugh and he looks around, are they really laughing? Some look like they are, but others seem to be crying.


  David is halfway through.


  “Peter- Im-im not feeling-”


  “WE sHOuLd Go-” Finally he turns to look at his partner, but once he does he can't stop from flinching back.


  Peter was off too, his ears were pointy, his pupils were slitted and his eye who were a light blue were practically glowing, when he spoke his teeth had become more pointed and he swears his skin looked a little bit blueish which contrasted with his freckles that were now tiny silver spots. 


  “eLiAs?” 


   “I don't-” 


  “OH look at that our sad clown made it today!!” A round of applause and suddenly he looks normal, it's as if everything went into focus again, Pasha when he looks at her is her usual self.


  Both of them were staring at him with different expressions of concern.


  “I cant- im not feeling- i'm not feeling well, i think i need some… some air i will go out for a bit”


  “Hey- hey we will go too, look there is something off here, the rabbit-”


  “Lie is sick?”


  “Pasha” Right, she had been so ill- She had been so excited to see this-


  “Im… I can go on my own. Peter can you- can you watch over her please?” The man holds his wrist.


  “Elias i think we really need to go, all of us, i don't think this is a good place to be” He is about to complain but he gets another flash of him looking wrong and he pulls back.


  “Why- why do you look wrong” He sees him frown and its both terrifying and mesmerizing. He thinks… he thinks he can almost see through him on the edges, as if his image was blurry.


  “What do you mean-”


  “Next act is our acrobatic team!!” 


  “Lie…?”


  Pasha is thin, tall and frightening, her face is inches away from his and all he sees is her skin bubble up and unnatural shapes, suddenly a third eye pops up and he barely manages to not scream as he sees it form.


  “Why does everything look wrong-!?” That's when she moves back, giving him air.


  “Ok, lets go clearly we need to leave-”


  “And now our next act is for our beloved lost child!! Who finally decided to come back to us!!!” The room spins and he sees Nikolai, but unlike before he doesn't seem very human, he looks… fake like- like a plastic dol-


  Nikolai


  The circus


  He is seized by fear. He grabs Pasha’s thin wrist even if it makes him shiver, the texture feels like touching moss. And tries to grab Peter but in his case its as if he almost slips between his fingers.


  Elias looks uselessly down and sees that Peter's arms are see through. His fog tattoos were moving around its almost as if it was filling him from the inside out.


  ...


  When he had been 18, recently crowned and all that, the pressure was a lot all eyes were on him, so Barnabas in an effort to help him relax got some… particular mix to smoke.


  It wasn't bad at first, but he realized that due to his patronage, when he is high he tends to be able to perceive things he can't by regular means. The human brain is conditioned to try and fill in gaps, to make things look normal that otherwise would frighten us. With magical creatures abundant all over, some of their shapes… they were more incomprehensible than was possible to understand, however they took shapes to their eyes that were far more easy to recognize.


  Seeing Pasha as a small goopy creature, close to a slime honestly, was far easier to the eye to see than the thin limbed creature there was in front of him. Peter he did not understand.


  Elias himself looked odd when he saw his reflection that time.


  A crown of eyes floating over his head. His hair went from blonde to red and curly-


  His skin had looked white as a sheet, almost like a corpse. He had been so scared that he ended up laying on the floor having a panic attack that Barnabas held him through until he got Jonathan to help.


  He was promptly scolded and was warned against consuming anything resembling recreational or psychedelic drugs.

 

  “We need to go, its- Nikola- the forest-” Pasha said the apple tasted like the ones from home.


  Home didn't mean the castle, it meant the forest.


  “Peter it's the changelings- get Pasha out-” He has a moment, a brief moment where he sees his eyes widen and hear Pasha scream his name before something hits him in the head.


  Elias falls to the ground, he can feel Peter trying to pick him up but a voice now, very feminine in nature interrupts.


  ….


  “Now, now, it's very rude to leave in the middle of the show, don't you think? Little one! We looked for you everywhere, what an awful place to hide, its all… full of eyes. But dont worry we will take you back where you belong!! You poor hungry little thing… look how starved out you look. Tsk have you not been feeding properly? Have we not taught you anything?” 


  He can feel the cold of the fog, Peter is trying his best to shield them from her view, but its too  later once you are noticed.


  “Oh? And this one! Breekon and Hope were not lying, you look remarkably well put despite everything. So close to being one of us and yet he clings to humanity. What happened, little one? Did the fairy who fed you not finish the job? What a scandal, once you start you should finish, letting little ones run off before making them family, how shameful”


  His head is pounding and Elias feels like his brain is walking on honey. 


  “I like the way i am sorry to inform you”


  “Miss Nikola-!”


  “Hush child, you have caused enough problems already, we have a dance to commit to, and we need all the dancers. All of them a little birdy” Her foot is next to his head on the ground.


  “Mm, very foggy, i assume little Mimsy was the cause, truly what a useless one she is, getting herself stuck, failing to claim a child- it's a good thing she is tearing herself apart then!! Soon she will restart, maybe this time she learns to not get involved in the affair of man”


  “Shut up-!! You don't get to-”


   Elias yelps something slams on his back with force.


  “Ah, ah ah! This one here will pay if you don't behave!!! Mm wonder who is behind the mask” 


  “Miss Nikola please- i will go back, please i promise” Something cold grabs his wrist and pulls off the bracelet.


  “Oh My, Oh My!!!! Elias? Can I call you Elias!! Ohh this is such a surprise it's been a while- is it? Have I seen you with a different face or am I getting it mixed up? Oh wait, I did meet you once!! Crowned so young!!!  Lives are confusing to count. Now to have one of the knowing ones look after a strange one… how… surprising”


  “Get off him or-” Something sharp stings his cheek.


  “Or what? Ah, ah, ah. One step and i just cut off his pretty little head!! Or maybe his face? He is kind of handsome, maybe i can wear it!!! Would you like to come along if i did?”


  “Please… please i will go home, leave Lie alone, im sorry Miss Nikola, i wont leave again-”


  “I know you wont poppet! Once the dance is completed all the family will be together! Now! Hope? Can you take this one along too?”


  “No! Wait leave da- leave foggy one alone-” Elias hears the sound of a slap.


  “Someone has gotten cocky! No way to speak to your elders child” Pasha cries and when he looks up he sees the spindly little thing leak blue tears, it doesnt look even remotely human at all, but he gets instantly filled with rage at seeing her hold her cheek.


  “Fuck off-” He has never heard Peter sound so angry.


  “Should get rid of this one and take you two, little Danny is a rahter poor dancer, you are already magic enough, just a little push and you can make a great replacement!!!”


  “If you fucking touch him-” He hisses as cuts his cheeck more.


  “Watch it”


  “Got him maam”


  “Perfect!! Let Breekon take the freak then i will deal with this one then-” She cuts herself off to a scream.


  
    “LeAVe ThEm AlOnE” 
  


  
    “
  
  Pasha-!?” Elias feels something picking him up and drag him, Peter is heard following and people suddenly start to scream. Everything is blurry as hell, but soon theu are out, the animals from the cages are out and one slams into Pasha who was apparently dragging him out.


  Peter picks him up instead and lifts him up inspecting his face. He still looks wrong, but the desperation is so him it makes him feel better.


  “We gotta go now, tell Gertrude-” A familiar scream make them turn around the lion, now that it was damaged they could see it wasnt real, but rahter mechanical. It was biting Pasha who kept tiwsting trying to get away.


  “No-” She turns to them and pulls to get away if she keeps doing that-


  Something rips and black liquid falls while she cries out.


  He stumbles towards her as she turns smaller and smaller.


  “Im sorry, im sorry Lie, im sorry i thought- Pasha was stupid, Pasha thought, Lie was right, im sorry go away, go away-” Peter tries to pick her up but she was leaking black blood everywhere.


  “Im sorry daddy, im sorry i lied- i cant stay-”


  “No, nonono, you wil be fine, you will be fine its ok, we will get you back, you will heal-” Thats when something blows up bahind them and Elias finally falls unconcios.


  
  
  
  
  


  When he wakes up he is lying in a bed in the medical wing of the castle.


  “You know your majesty, we really do think you need to stop appearing hurt like this-” Doctor Elliot was giving him a very tired look.


  “Fortunately it was very minimal, just a few cuts, bruises and a blow to the head” He is still confused so he nods. Looking around he notices he is alone.


  “Is Peter ok too…?” At that he looks baffled at him.


  “Sir… you were alone when the guards found you, mostly covered in some black liquid, and rahter unharmed. But you were alone- was… was mister Foster with you?” Nikola wanted to take Peter and Pasha.


  His heart was on his throat.


  “No little girl- a- a black tiny slime either?!”


  “Sir-”


  “Pasha- was she not there either!?!?” His face gave away that he did not know.


  “Im sorry… but they were nowhere near you”


  No.


  No god please.


  Elias feels faint.


  “Sir- Sir you need to-” 


  “Call Gertrude…” He thinks of Daniel “And Timothy they will need to hear this”


  “Your majesty”


  “Get them HERE” He runs off.


  Oh.


  Oh if she thinks she can-


  If she thinks she can take what is his, Elias no longer has any reserves.


  He doesnt give a shit about any fucking changeling that is not his child, he will burn and raze the forest to ashes, until there is nothing fucking left. Elias will get killed every last single one of those pieces of shits and will take great glee in just having Nikola ripped apart in front of the entire town.


  He will get them back no matter what. 

 

  “Elias what do you-”


  “Sir-”


  “I need you two to burn a forest to the ground and help me get back Peter and Pasha” Both stare at him with weary looks. Getrdue speaks first.


  “I am already making arrangements, some people were taken during the attack. if we want it to be as quick and dry as possible just burning it-”


  “She is preparing the dance” Getrude stiffens and Tim looks incensed.


  “What does that mean?” Closing his eyes he sighs.


  “The fae are not nutal from here, they have… their own kingdoms that exist outside of what we can see. Some try to open doors big enough to let huge amounts of their brethren outside, to let the older kind of fae out. The dance is the attempt of the changelings. Records says that the last attempt was stopped by the berserkers many, many years ago”


  “If they took people..”


  “Either sacrifice or more dancers”


  “Too much effort to turn them in so little time, so cannon fodder”


  “Tim” The man is clutching his arms tightly. “I am telling you this, because I intend to get Peter and Pasha back first, Getrude, no I don't care. He is going to help me and you- you will deal with destroying them” She has an angry expression but stays quiet.


  “Your brother is a dancer, he is alive, albeit he got… turned into a fea. I want you to help me get in, if he is still mostly himself you can get him to help us before the dance begins” The face of sheer relief and pure fury is what he needs.


  “We need to get there before Nikola turns Peter too”


  “Too much effo-” He can't deal with this.


  “He has eaten fairy food before” It's quiet “Not enough to be one yet, but if she feeds him he will be” It's a stretch and he has questions, but if he gets them it will be from the man itself not his own conjectures.


  “...Ok. ok But they are gone, its as if they were never here, if they are back in the forest-”


  “That's like  days of distance” And Elias smiles serenely and coldly because he is not the only one who is pissed off.


  A door opens.


  “I believe… I can help with transport. After all, I would so hate to see my friend be turned by that awful clown-” Helen's smile was that of a shark.


  “Good”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Preparations are quick and swift after he wakes up, he had been out of it for two days already which was too much if they were counting on the others safety. Gertrude arranges for several explosives and fire magic bombs to be detonated once the thing starts, she calculates that it should be in a day or two from the way Nikola talked and some information she could wrangle up about the dance. Apparently it was likely to occur right before sundown, it would continue for the night and lead to a crescendo once the full moon reached the peak of the sky. The full moon was that next day so they had to hurry up and take everything quickly to prepare.


  It should also give them time to get the others back before it all blows up to kingdom come. He knows they have to take a breath and make calculations and set things off at the right time, the most minimal mistake would lead to disaster.


  To no being able to stop Nikola or to just kill Peter and Pasha by accident-


  And Danny, Tim is insistent that they get him back too, now that he knows he is alive, even if he is no longer human.


  Elias is far more concerned about getting those two back no matter what, he keeps watching his hands and thinking about the black blood on them. About Pasha’s tears and Peter’s concern. 


  Thinks about his face when he was able to truly see him, terrifying but also quite pretty now that he wasn't having a bad reaction and was in no immediate peril to be able to notice it. Under less strenuous circumstances he could have appreciated it, he would also have asked a million questions, because he has them, how is that possible, what happened?? Is that why he left his home? He thinks about him mentioning Simon, his family status, did they try to turn him into a fae against his will? Could it be that's why his siblings escaped first? To avoid it too? But why leave him behind if there was dange. It made no sense to him.


  Questions roll around his head as he starts to plan things with Gertrude and arranges his travel with Helen.


  He also thinks about Pasha in her natural shape… he shudders at the memory of the thin creature, but it's unfair, he loves her. No matter what, he does, her tears at the slap- her worry over them!!! He can't hate her for not being human, he already knew that.


  So what if she looks even more different? So what if it was a little bit more frightening? He promised to look after her and besides.


  Besides he can look the best of it too, she glowed in a very pretty way, he will tell her as such when he has the chance, and will apologize too. She and Peter matched, in both shapes it was kind of sweet. Elias can push back his terror and think it better now, what does it truly change?


  To know they didn't look as he expected for real? Did it change his feelings for them? Did he love them any less?


  No.


  He loves both of them, differences and all, and he hopes that maybe once things are cleared up and they are back here, because he refuses to entertain that they could fail, he will get answers and he will tell them exactly what he likes about their actual bodies. Elias wants to watch them, wants them to stay and… and be a family like Pasha wanted, because the truth is he would also love that. More than anything.


  Elias decides that if they get them back, if Peter is back here with him? He will confess, if he rejects him it is what it is, he will try and patch things up and at least keep him as a friend. It wont do to keep bottling it up and taking advantage of the moments where he lets him be close to him.


  It's not fair to him, for Elias to knowingly enjoy those moments without his notice, with a double meaning always hanging back on him. Its not right-


  So he decides that if they come back to him in one piece he will just face the music so to speak and do it. Just this once he wants to be able to. No longer pushing back or hiding it, just to let him know, he won't let it go to waste.


  Clearly destiny is cruel and wants nothing more than to put them apart, so he might as well do something to prove it wrong.

 

  “Elias i know you want to help, but as your general”


  “I do not want to hear this-”


  “Let Timothy deal with it, you are the king, you aren't supposed to be in the middle of it, if you die no one is there to take your place, the kingdom will fall into disarray, and for what? Because you wanted to save a changeling from her own kind? And mister Foster who apparently wasn't all he pretended to be?” She isn't either, lying hag who is trying to get him out of the picture. Albeit he is surprised she is so nitpicky about this, considering it could be her one shot at getting rid of him, then again, she hasn't found Jon yet.


  His ring beats slowly and paced, he is not close at all.


  “He helped me several times, if he did not wish to discuss such a thing is within his rights, if you knew him like i do, you would know it wasn't something he wanted at all” It explains a lot of things about him and his responses.


  “As for Pasha- she is not a danger, they took her against her will!”


  “How do you know! How could you know she didnt do something to tip them off, to come here and let her take her?”


  “Because she tried to get us out!! Because Nikola slapped her and called her a freak, she doesn't want her. She wants help with her fucking dance that we are going to destroy so i can get back my bloody daughter and partner in one piece or so help me god, i will send you to the dungeons for the rest of your miserable life!” Elias doesn't necessary yell, but he was on the verge of it, enough to stump her.


  “.... I will see what i can do”


  “Good!”


  When she leaves a door appears.


  “That was quite the struggle” Slumping on his chair and holding his face in both hands he breathes.


  “...There, there, we will find them, there is no other option” She pats his shoulders in an awkward way.


  “Did you know? That he was… so close to being a fae?” He doesn't take his hands away or looks at her, Elias is exhausted and his body still aches.


  “Yes” It feels like a stab, but he will let it go for now “Easier to tell for us… and he reminded me of me, before, or well right as i was changing. For what is worth you are right, he didn't want it, it was… done against his wishes. He just got lucky and managed to leave before it was finished”


  “How human is he at this rate?” He hears her move around the room.


  “In numbers? I would say 25 percent. Peter was very close to just… turning by the time he left his home. It doesn't change much to be fair, he is still himself, far more than I am, the me that I was i mean” With a sigh he finally looks at Helen who has a melancholic expression.


  “He didn't like it, it was shameful to him that's why he never said that. If you want the whole story… you should ask him yourself once we get them back” 


  “If?” She puts her hand on top of his on the desk.


  “When, as if you were willing to accept defeat little king, let's get our friends back” Its kind of reassuring but also.


  “Your friends you mean”


  “Ours, aren't we also friends too? You let me stay, have gone on little prank trips with me and Peter, you're not alone little one, not as you may think” Oh.


  “I- didn't-”


  “Its ok, it happens, i was on my own for a long while too, i get it. I suppose that's why we all sort of ended up like this, we are all kind of jagged at places. You, Peter, Pasha, Tim and me. Our own merry group of weirdos!!” He can't help but to snort and give her a small smile despite the emotional duress he is in.


  “I am offended, I am the least weird one out of all of you” She laughs and it makes his ears pop again.


  “Oh you are just as much of a little freak as all of us, you and Tim are the sociable ones, you put up nice faces but are just as unhinged as the rest!”


  “Lovely” To be fair its not the first time someone called him a freak, albeit its the first time it sounds so fond.


  “Isn't it? Hadn't had so much fun in…. well in a long while, which is why i'm not willing to lose it, not now. Not again, not when i found… my own space” Swallowing he nods, it's more comforting than he will ever admit “Now, let's go get your boyfriend and child back!!”


  “Yeah… lets” Her eyes shine with joy and she looks like she is about to ask, but Tim enters and says that they have all the explosives they need.


  “Good, good, lets just… start preparing”


  “A warning if I may, my doors won't lead you directly to it, with the amount of magic there is due to the ritual….i can only lead you closer to the entrance, from there you will have to do it on your own”


  “That's fair enough, you think you can manage?”


  “For them? Of course” Tim had his magic staff, Elias carried some iron knives, that would be good enough to hurt or kill a changeling if needed.


  “You sure about this…. i can do it on my own” But here is the thing, he is not so sure that the forest won't mess with him. It is after all the home of creatures whose magic is about making you not understand and to change faces as needed. So his own patron should keep him level headed at least.


  “I am sure, i… let them slip between my fingers, i can't let them get hurt because i failed- i- cant lose them” Tim grabs his shoulder gently.


  “I get it, we will get them back”


  “And your brother” He sees him smile sadly.


  “And my brother”


  Before they go, he talks with Rosie.


  “Sir-”


  “Look, if anything goes wrong, anything at all?” And god does he not want to say this, but, he is by far the most competent person “Get Oliver to take charge, he is… good enough”


  “Sir!!”


  “Rosie, i am entrusting you with that, i hope that it doesn't have to come to it. But I will return and hopefully bring Peter and Pasha back ok? It's just an emergency. Also do not, and i meant it, do not let Gertrude take charge at all, in fact if i die? I want it on record that she is to be sent to the dungeons and Tim becomes general instead”


  “My- Your- Elias! Please slow down i’m-” He holds her arms.


  “Can I trust you with that?” Her lips wobble a little bit, but eventually she nods with a serious expression.


  “Of course sir…. Do try to bring them back please and come back too”


  “I swear, see you on the other side”

 

  With that solved he goes, Helen has been leading people already to take the explosives to the forest in a quick manner. Gertrude is overseeing it with Tim, since he appointed him as his assistant. Neither seem happy about it, but for different reasons.


  “I do not need a new assistant”


  “Well, sorry to tell you this, but eventually one day you will need to retire, and having a replacement would come in handy”


  “Yes, but not him someone less-”


  “Still your king, besides you haven't got one since… well before i was king i believe. If the paper I read were correct you had 5 of them” She looks… actually uncomfortable, which is very weird.


  “Fiona died due to old age, she was the previous general assistant, Sarah died in a negotiation with some of the fire tribes gone wrong, Emma…. had been a spy for Hilltop so I dealt with her, Eric quitted to become a father full time and Micheal” She stops for a few seconds.


  “Micheal helped stop a ritual, he was no more” Chilling, but understandable. Makes sense she wouldn't want any more after all that.


  “Well… at least Eric-”


  “Mary’s husband”


  “.... Ouch” She nods. For some reason she keeps giving Helen wary looks.

 

  Finally it was their turn to go, the walk through the hallways was long and tense, Tim and him were walking together, with Gertrude on the back telling them about her plan.


  “It will take a few hours to set the explosives, from there you have until the sun goes down before we detonate them. The forest should be consumed by the flames and it would be impossible to leave without burning or choking to death, if you are lucky” Ok that's terrifying.


  “We will make it before then, we just sneak around, we ought to be able to find them and go if possible” Tim sounds far more optimistic than he would give him credit for. Elias wants to think it will be simple enough, but they are going to have troubles, he knows it.


  “With that attitude you will get you both killed mister Stoker, you have quite literally the kings life in your hands, at least be more serious” 


  “Gertrude, i chose him-”


  “No, no she is right I will make sure you are safe. But if you think I don't want to get rid of that conniving clown bitch you are wrong. I am fully into this plan”


  “What I am concerned about is that you get too caught up with that revenge and lose your sight on what you have to do. The fire will do the trick you are only there to get those two back, nothing more”


  “I get it Maam” Elias knows this means a lot to Tim, but there is also the thought that she might be right, is better to keep him in check at the very least “Why don't you come too?” Oh boy-


  “My fire magic is the only one with the range to activate every bomb, doing it while I might still be inside is sort of pointless i believe, plus as mentioned before the changelings magic messes with your senses, as good as i am with the all seeing. Accidentally activating it would be quite bad” She lights up a cigarette with a sudden small flame she conjures up.


  “Fair enough” 


  Finally the door Helen is leading them to opens and they are in the entrance to a forest. They all step out, Gertrude instructs the guards to start picking up the explosives and where to put them.


  “I had my eye on the forest for a while, had it mapped in case of emergency, so I know more or less the spots where to start this for the best outcome. It should raze the plaze down in just a few hours if everything goes right”


  “Perfect”


  “Helen can you come with-”


  “I'm afraid i will need her to stay, her doors are quick getaways here and in the forest they would be useless as long as their magic is overpowering the zone” He can see the fae frown.


  “I would feel better about going with them! My doors can stay here and i cant ensure they are ok”


  “Tell me, if you are injured or out of commission what happens? Does the door stay or disappear with you?” Helens smile becomes frozen.


  “It… disappears”


  “Then keeping the way out safe is important, stay here let them go. The less people involved the more likely they will be able to go unnoticed” 


  “Helen she is right, we will be fine, by the time we are back everyone will be here” She hesitates but once Tim also nods encourangly she relents.


  “Fine! I do not like it, but fine” With that finally said, Elias picks two guards and Tim and they enter the forest. 


  …


  Its not bad at first, it looks exactly as a regular one, his magic and patron check around for any weird sources of power. But for the next 25 minutes all there is is just… some regular woods. Its quiet except for them moving around which does put him on edge. Something is however off, no birds or little animals anywhere…


  The place must be using a glamor like the forest near the castle, its the only likely explanation, which means they have to pay attention. 


  Something that doesn't fit, Peter told him once when he asked about how to find things like glamors that there is a tell. A weird shimmer, a plant that should not grow there at that time.


  Faeries are secretive, but there is always a way to see it, if you pay attention.


  It takes 15 more minutes of walking around with Tim looking anxiously when he finally sees it. A pink tulip growing next to a rather big tree, its so out of it that he makes everyone stop so he can check it out. Elias lightly touches it and looks around, a shimmer…


  Its not next to it, but across from it he sees a weird trick on the lights. It's very easy to miss if you weren't looking for it.


  “Elias i know it's pretty but-”


  “Hush, I think I found the way in” Holding his breath he picks up a branch and pulls it through. Half of it disappears from view even while he holds it.


  “Ii think i found the door”


  “Holy shit” He pulls back, the branch is in perfect condition.


  “Shall we?” Tim stops him and goes first and soon he follows, they cross the threshold into the unknown.


  
  


  Helen’s hallways are confusing and bright, the clearing that he goes with Peter is full of light and water with its islands.


  The inside of the forest of wonders is quite… a lot to say the least. The trees were impossibly tall, their leaves? Was it leaves-


  His head hurts.


  Were all in orange reddish colors, like an eternal fall. There were some form of cocoons hanging from some of them further away, he could see them as they made their way across. Everything was colored wrong and the textures were also off.


  The ground was uneven, it also felt soft… akin to… skin if he was being honest. When he touched a “tree” if felt similarly like Pasha, somewhat like moss. From huge patches of mold more cocoons seemed to merely form. The ones that were hanging he realized were tied there.


  His question about the leaves gets answered when suddenly they start to move, butterflies were actually all covering the trees in its entirety, they flew around them and due to the colors it was as if it was raining golden coins over them. It was beautiful.


  “Oh my god” 


  There was fabric hanging from branches and ropes that went from one tree to the other. He could see makeshift tables and tools all made of wood lying around. There were pieces of copper and makeshift nests on the holes of the trees.


  Toys and shoes from little kids were strewn around. 


  A few cribs were left behind.


  It clicks what this is.


  “Its their nursery” Tim looks just as baffled around as him.


  “What?”


  “The cocoons, the nests- this is where they take care of their young or… the human kids they replace” He sees a torn teddy bear and a few blood spots on a few of the cribs. God dammit.


  Tim pokes one of the cocoons, it lets out a black liquid and they can see several tiny hands press against it from the inside. Shivering he tells him to keep going. Pasha said that Sasha accidentally stuck her hand into one of the holes, that's why she bit her and stole her memories. He wonders if there are any kids left inside them or if they were all preparing too.


  “Why leave them unattended-”


  “They aren't born yet, they can't participate and if Nikola wasn't lying they need all the help they can get, they must be too busy to look after them now, which serves us well if they are distracted”


  They walk and the scenery changes a little bit more. The mold and moss disappear, along with the “kids” the ground becomes perfectly flat and it also turns black and white like…


  “A chess table” Exactly, black and white squares were all around, some of the trees started to be… mechanical. Copper invaded them along with clockwork, constantly moving and ticking. The plants? They were actually fake… kind of… like plastic. Makeshift masks were hung around and strewn around all over the place.


  He could see cages further away, all of them empty. Fabric was strewn around and-


  Oh.


  Those were-


  They weren't really masks after all huh?


  Feeling mildly faint he hears Tim curse and kick the ground and dry heaves. Perfectly sculpted faces were left to hang and dry, he knows Nikola said she needed Peter, but he still looks around praying he doesn't see him.


  With a relief that almost has his knees buckle he realises that no, he is not there.


  “We- we gotta keep moving Tim, if the dance start and we get caught up with it we will lose all sense of self”


  “F-fine its just-”


  “i get it, i do, but we need to move and find them” He just wants to grab Peter and Pasha and fuck off out of there.


  Finally they approach something that looks to be an impossibly big circus tent far bigger than it should be possible to fit. It was similar to the one in the town, but it was even more impressive. They hid around since from there they could clearly see tall ominous figures moving around putting things around.


  There were cages and he could see people inside, they were actually mostly kids.


  “Elias…” He swallows.


  “I know”


  “We cant let them here, the fire will start then will- we can’t burn the-” The faces were probably from the adults, the kids were just sacrifices or food. He could see them all hugging and crying.


  “.... Lets- let's find your brother, maybe…. maybe we can make a distraction once we know were Peter is and take them out too” Elias is not sure if that is possible, if they would be able to, considering how close to the tent they are, but if it keeps Tim moving then he will lie.


  He doesn't want them to die, not at all, but it's just them and they would be swarmed if they tried to approach them directly. He didn't come this far to get killed, as horrible as that sounds.


  Looking around for a possible entrance they notice a small swarm of-


  “Are those changeling kids too?” It...seems like there were two kinds, small and goopy like Pasha just… hanging around the kids, and taller ones, which were thin and shiny, not like the adults, but…


  “Like toddlers and kids i suppose, that's what they must look like as they grow” And it makes sense, the “adult” changelings were thin limbed and tall, they moved jankily and stretched impossibly. Despite their bodies they could hold a lot of weight… plus their teeth seemed sharp enough as they tried to bite each other.


  As a fight started to break out, a familiar ring master came out to scold them.


  “Enough! Enough we don't have time for this!!! The children are better behaved than you!!!” Said kids were all looking at the human kids who keep holding each other.


  “Sssssorrry”


  “Look, we need to finish setting this off!! My new dancer is being stubborn and the other one is currently under watch since we got her fixed up for this!” With his heart beating like crazy he lets out a breath of relief.


  They are alive.


  “David- DAVID!!!” The man- who he is fairly sure by Tim’s gutted look, must be Danny. 


  Pasha said so, but he couldn't trust his own eyes. Of course he didn't recognize him, he got changed too much as a fea, but now that he can look at him he does see the resemblance.


  “Oh my god” He has to hold Tim back from sprinting there.


  “There you are!!! Now, my sad little clown, Breekon and Hope are busy setting off the stage, making sure the new dancer eats. I don't care how, we have a schedule, threaten the little one if you have to, make sure he eats our food. Do not fail me”


  “Y-yes Miss Nikola” She was about to step inside again, but stopped and turned to him again.


  “Also retouch your smile dear, you are frowning too much it's not good for the skin”


  “Of course” Then she is finally out of the picture. Danny stands there for a few seconds, until eventually he starts to move towards the back. Looking at each other they follow him, they are so close, so, so close to finding them!!! They pass more cages and boxes and make sure they aren't seen.


  Changelings in different shapes all move around, some look human albeit with a few obvious traits that are off, others are just completely monstrous. Danny picks up food from a box, it was all mainly fruits with swirly patterns and colors that kept changing. Then he enters. They look around and since everyone seems busy they follow.


  From the inside the tent was bigger, much more bigger, boxes with costumes were all strewn around, so they hid behind them. In the center there is a single cage and inside…


  Peter!!! He was sitting down looking very angry, fog seemed to pour down everywhere covering the entire floor. If they stayed closer to the ground they could very easily hide.It still gave him a chill and a strong feeling of loss. 


  “Listen… look, you have to eat this, its been almost three days”


  “And turn like you, i will rather starve” Danny puts his foot down.


  “Stop being difficult, Miss Nikola will have my head too!! You have to eat and join us, there is no time!”


  “I think i like your brother more” Danny flinches and Tim stiffens.


  “I- i don't have any brother, why do you keep insisting on that? I was taken in and-”


  “Stolen and your memories? Eaten or kept away in a jar, do you wonder why she does that? Pluck them and put them away in her little room?” 


  … What?


  “Thats- she has to, to-”


  “Keep you in line” Danny has no words to refute that.


  “Look, i just know that she wants me to get you to eat, and that if i don't maange before the dance i will have a bad time too”


  “Well, that sounds like a you problem kid” 


  “STOP BEING DIFFICULT!! I will have to do something I don't want instead!!”


  “Threathening me will not be conductive, and saying you will kill Pasha when Nikola made all that effort to bring her here and put her back together is stupid”


  “You are right, it is, even if i bring her here and start taking chunks i would get scolded later” Elias has to cover his mouth at the mere idea of the little happy girl being torn. Tim is fairing no better.


  “So it's a good thing we got a plan b”


  “What?”


  “Yes, I didn't get to see it very well at the show but you had a friend!”


  “Elias is not here, and none of your stupid little copies will convince me otherwise”


  “I know, which is such a good thing that he came himself” Tim grabs his arm and makes him duck when Danny throws a knife at where they are.


  “Knew something smelled off”


  “Shit!” Tim gets up and tries to use his staff, but Danny jumps at him and tackles him to the ground. Elias has his daggers, but he would kill him, he is far bigger than Tim. He stabs his arm, won't kill him, but it will stop him for a bit.


  The sound of sizzling and something cracking hits their ears along with pained screams.


  “Elias?! Tim?? Wait no you-” Fuck, fuck, too much noise. There is a juggling club, he grabs it and hits Danny on the side of the head hard.


  It knocks him out.


  Breathing hard he looks at Timothy who is shaking like a leaf and checking on his brother. He turns to Peter and tries to see how to open the door of the cage, but it needs a key.


  “No, no,no fuck”


  “If this is another trick-”


  “No, you fog headed idiot, we came for you and Pasha. Fuck!!! Where is the bloody key!!” Peter stays quiet and looks at him up and down.


  “How do I even know if its you, I already had to deal with fakes” It sounded pained, he wondered what they made him see.


  “I don't know if knocking out Tim’s brother doesn't prove it, but if you have an idea of how to make sure im real im all ears you bastard. In the meantime let me worry about finding a key and, you know, not having the entire bloody circus come for us after all that bloody racket!!!” Peter’s hands stick out and grab him by the neck, making him freeze. He presses on his throat.


  “P-Pet-e-” It's tight and he looks him in the eye, the taller man narrows his eyes and he thinks this is it. The man he loves kills him by accident thinking he is a fake. A last squeeze and he releases him, making him take deep breaths. His hand holds his cheeks instead.


  “It is you” With blurry eyes he nods.


  “Oh my god it is- shit you have to go. Both of you”


  “Leave? You asshole we came for you! We aren't going to leave” Tim is tying Danny up with some ropes while complaining “We got this far, we just need-”


  “Nikola has the key you can't open this without it” 


  “FUCK” Are you kidding him!!! Well of course, this isn't going to be bloody easy is it???


  “Look, you have to go before things start up, if they get you-”


  “We aren't going without you and Pasha, this place is going down in a fiery pit, we need to go or you will be burnt to a crisp!!” Elias takes a breath, he also attempts, albeit is rebuffed as always, to get a read on his head, a wall of painful mind fog pushes him out so at least it is definitely Peter.


  “Look it's not-”


  “Cant- cant you use the fog or something? Your magic, can you pass through the bloody bars!” 


  “IT'S NOT WORTH IT!” Elias stays frozen in the spot “It's not- i'm not worth this, you have to leave it doesn't matter, get Pasha and go!”


  “Bullshit! You are our friend! What do you think Pasha will feel when we get her and she realizes we left you to die?” Timothy was furious “You can't say that, you are important to us”


  “He- he is right, i can't leave you here to die!! I would- i would never forgive myself, just- Peter please”


  “Does it look like i could fit- i cant pass through objects- Its not possible, guys please just go i dont- i dont deserve your help i lied” God he wants to punch him and shake him.


  “Yes!! But guess what? Not the time to discuss this, it's not about what you think you deserve, you awful man! And if that is the case what do we deserve then? To have you killed? To be turned into something you don't want to? Think a little bit more then!!! Also… also you have magic, you have a lot of it, why can't you just, i don't know, be one with the fog and make it through?” There are sounds outside much closer than he likes.


  “Elias i don't think you understand-” For the love of god-


  “You are almost a bloody fairy mate, I'm sure you can think of something!!!” Tim is picking up Danny as best as he can.


  “Im-” His face goes horrifying and pale “I don't-”


  “Peter” He passes his hands through the bars and holds his “The food at the circus? It made my magic pick up, I could see you and Pasha as you… as you are. I know. I don't care you lied about it, just focus, can you try at least? We don't have the time, we still need to find Pasha she can be in danger, i need you” His voice breaks a little bit at the end and he sees him press his forehead closer to the bars.


  “There are a bunch of kids too, all are going to die. We need to get away as fast as possible bud, you have to” Timothy puts a hand on the bars too.


  “I don't- i dont know how. I don't know how my magic works, its- its not mine not really-”


  “It is, it is very much yours, it is you! You control it, not the other way round. Just think! You can make fog and stay there for hours while outside it can be days. Make people depressed merely by being close by! You can do whatever you want, just… just focus please” Closer voices “Please” He squeezes his hands and he looks at him with fear 


  “I- i want you to be ok” Peter’s words have him nod and smile shakily. His heart is already beating fast, any more and he would collapse.


  “Then get out and come with us” It spurns him on.


  “I bet- i bet you can figure it out, if we leave you have to come to the town's bar with me and the king” Tim chips in while coming closer and also smiling. Peter huffs and nods, slowly he releases his hand and starts to look around.


  The room gets foggier and foggier, soon he can barely see Tim next to him. 


  “Peter?” There is no answer, oh god. oh god. What if he put them away instead and he is still-


  The mist brushes his cheek, startled he looks around.


  “Elias?!” Timothy grabs his arm and he stays still. It brushes him again and again. It feels like it has actual weight.


  It's… it's kind of funny, he swears he felt a small press next to the corner of his mouth.


  “We are waiting Peter, don't be late, we have a child to recover yet!!” 


  “Helen is waiting for us too-!”


  “So is Opal and Captain, so please come back, ok?” It stands that he could get lost, he tends to get locked up in the fog on his own too.


  Its abnormally quiet, he can barely feel Tim’s touch- then… a hand holds his free one.


  “Lets get out please im not feeling good” Peter- who looks not human at the moment tugs at him, they go out of the tent in a line, all linked by grabbing each other. Outside the world is covered in fog. Oddly enough he could hear very faintly the ocean, despite still being in the abandoned circus.


  Outside they could actually see him well, Tim stares for a seconds and then starts to poke him.


  “Blue suits you man!!” Peter flushes and-


  Oh my god, his cheeks turn even more bluish, the silver of his freckles shines brighter and Elias thinks that yes, he can very much get used to it.


  “How- how does it look?”


  “You don't know?” And Peter shrugs.


  “I never wanted to see, i… didn't know i could just-” He waves about and gets caught looking at his skin, his nails were also sharper.


  “Its fine. It looks… you look very handsome like this too” He makes tiny unnatural sounds from the back of his throat that he can barely understand as embarrassment.


  “As cute as this is guys, and I dig the look, don't misunderstand. We still need to get Pasha and those kids out” Elias nods.


  “Do you know where they have her? Actually, is it safe for us to be here?”


  “As long as i keep you here you can be safe, the problem is when you go out, i'm not sure i can pull you back once someone notices you” Tim hums and moves his brother from his back.


  “We could get the kids out, pull them here and guide them out”


  “We won't have enough time to go for Pasha, it's been a few hours at least. Plus they also need a key and they don't have the magic to pull through like Peter” 


  “So we steal it from that fucked up clown!! Then i go for the kids and lead them to the entrance of the forest and you two can pick Pasha up”


  “Tim, I know you want to help but it's a little bit more complicated than that!!”


  “Maybe… maybe it isn't” He gives Peter a look.


  “What?”


  “You have Danny, if we manage to get him to remember you he will help us, that way he can get the key easily enough and we get to look for Pasha”


  “Ok first of all that's insane how do you propose we-”


  “She has them, she keeps them in jars, she tried to steal mine, but my magic nullified it. I can erase my own if i want i don't need her help” That's… concerning, but useful.


  “So- ok. New plan, go for his memories, get Danny to help guide the kids out and you two go for Pasha then we leave? Is that it?”


  “Basically” That is the flimsiest plan ever, and Elias knows it, if they left the kids and went directly for Pasha it would be much easier. But… he can't help but think about her crying and all of the others just huddled up children in that cage.


  He thinks about the peeled faces.


  Fuck him for getting soft.


  “Fine! Where are those memories!!”


  
  


  Peter takes them to some sort of shrine, above it there is a tree growing into it. They also notice shapeless figures moving around.


  “Is that-” They help Tim drag Danny.


  “Yeah, its them, we are just… outside of view” Very useful for spying if you want it.


  Inside they see the roots all have small jars tied to them, all in different colors but they shined, sort of like a pulse. There were hundreds of them.


  “How do we know which one is his-” But as he says this, when he looks into them closely he can see sort of like… images on the liquid inside them. He sees people, or memories of them.


  “Look until you see one with my face on them?” Fair enough. They start to move around checking all the jars. It's nerve wracking, he keeps giving Peter looks who likewise seems to be unable to stare at him from time to time.


  As if making sure it was him, he smiles softly and he flushes blue.


  Adorable.


  Finally he sees one with a teenager Tim on it, he was about to call out to it, when the others say they found it.


  Puzzled they all grab their jars and compare.


  Peter’s was purple, Tim was greenish blue and his was yellow.


  Clearly they weren't all from Danny.


  It is obvious because the one Tim holds shows Peter and Elias looking down to someone in there, it also shows Captain albeit you could see him from the same height as if the person was really ti-


  “Those are Pasha’s!!!” No, nono, that fucking- he wants to wrangle that bitch!!


  “So the others…”


  The purple one and yellow were actually similar until-


  “That- those are Sasha’s parents, that's her house!” While the yellow one showed Tim’s and his parents.


  “Those are… the ones that Pasha had?” Well, if Nikola took her regular memories it made sense she would also take Sasha’s as well, it was of course their fault that Pasha changed and escaped.


  “I guess she really didn't want her to remember anything” Which is very unfortunate for them.


  “Well, ok you keep the yellow one, we take these ones”


  “Hey!! I want to keep Sasha’s-” Elias gives him a non impressed stare.


  “We will fight about it later. Just! Give that to him would you?” With a grumble he opens the jar and forces Danny to swallow it down. Once done they wait, it doesn't take long for him to start to sort of convulse making Tim freak out. Suddenly he stops and stays still.


  “Danny…?” He is breathing, he is just still unconscious.


  “God fucking- slap him! We need him awake soon or- or-” 


  “...do you- do you guys hear music?” And Elias hears muffled but surely carnival music, he stumbles. Tim looks more and more confused looking around.


  “Guys-”


  No, there is no way, they had time!!! It- it couldn't have been that long-


  “No- nonono, its not night time yet, the sun is not-” The fog.


  “Peter- Peter the fog-! How long have we been here???!” His face goes slack and suddenly it recedes. They can hear singing, outside it was dark.


  “No….”


  “The kids-!”


  “Go- go!!! We will get Pasha, maybe we can still- we have to hurry up, before it goes ablaze!! Tim- Tim if you can’t you have to go” The angry face even in his mild confusion has him swallow.


  “Timothy Stoker, you run its an order” The music was already making him confused, he needs to remember, something has to make him remember-


  His patron offers help, annoying help, but useful.


  “Ugh, i cant believe im going to do this” Before they can ask, he grabs Tim’s face and kisses him. The eye accepts the connection and just nestles there. It should keep his mind sharp for long enough to go out.


  “There that should make sure you dont go stupid… yet, the effect of my magic will pass, you have to hurry” Both Peter and TIm are frozen in place staring at him.


  “What are you waiting for? Did you not say you wanted to help those kids??” That snaps him out of it 


  “Right- right!!! Thanks- your majesty”


  “Don't think i will do it again” Tim picks his brother on his back and starts to move, he has the staff so he can defend himself.


  “Do you need help or is your magic keeping you- ugh, not dizzy” Peter looks at Tim go with a poker face and turns to him at his question.


  “Im…fine” Shame. He would have loved to kiss him. Still there is time, they have time, he will get them out and- and tell him. Yes. Of course.


  “Good, tell me where can we find her?” They had to at least go the three together, once they get close to the circus Tim will leave to see if he can get the children out.


  The full dance hasn't started yet, the crescendo as it is. Dancers were still preparing and slowly joining the ranks. They had to avoid them, he doesn't trust going into the fog now, its likely time would go wobbly again and they will be trapped in a flaming forest. He holds Peter’s hands and they go near the tent where-


  “If he is gone he is going to come for her!!!”


  
    “hUNGRY!!!”
  


  “Of course you are child, they were starving you, I'm surprised you managed to last this much without eating for so long” What? They fed her!!!


  “Hope!! Keep an eye on her, Breekon go get the children inside, we are starting early, i don't want anything else going wrong, if you see Mister Lukas just kill him, same with Daniel, clearly the little fool is of no use” Nikola stands outside she is fuming.


  “Oh, and take this, gotta put them on stage” A clinking of keys, Breekon exits murmuring and they see he has a ring key.


  “I can't believe this, on the most important day!!! What a bunch of useless-” Sha paces a little bit, but eventually calms down. “Ok, ok, it will be fine” Nikola stalks out towards the tent where the musci goes up.


  Elias almost stumbles, he-


  Where-


  “Elias?” Was that his name? It doesnt feel right.


  “Im- fine- Tim-”


  “I can, i will get it i swear, i will take them out” God he can only hope.


  “Ok… meet you on the other side?” He smiles unsurely but nods.


  “Look after the king Peter or Gertrude will have my head”


  “Will try, good luck” Nodding he pulls Danny who is still out of it and they go follow Breekon.


  They need to get in and take Pasha out from Hope.


  “I got… iron daggers, you think…?”


  “Worth a shot, can you see inside?” Now tiwh his powers no, so they move close and try to… Oh fuck off-!!! There were a bunch of childrens there, small goopy shadows all resting in boxes, with Hope keeping guard over them. They made tiny noises of complaint and moved around a lot.


  “Hush now, you will get to go soon”


  “Hungy!!” A chorus of hunger in the same voice has them both look at each other from the shadows. They all look the same, Pasha doesn't remember them.


  Which one… which one do they save? 


  “Elias…”


  “Im- thinking” Where is their kid. Where, where- 


  “Lets just take him out first and then just… pick her ok?” Its…


  “Are you sure?” Peter looks at Hope and then at him, he makes a motion to give him a dagger. Hesitantly he places it in his hand. It… doesn't burn him, he is human enough that it won't harm him. Nodding he waits until the stranger man turns to tell the kids to shut up again and tries to stab him from the back. 


  Hope turns around and punches him, Elias pissed off tries to stab him as well but is pushed off easily.


  “Huh, she was right, shame for you, you could have just joined instead, would have been family anyways”


  “Fuck off she is ours!!”


  “Is she? Kid was starving, hadn't eaten a single memory in… well almost a year, surprised she lasted that long, albeit if we didn't swoop in she would have just… collapsed into nothing. Guess she didn't want you to know” She-


  Her illness, his patron insisting on taking away Sasha’s memories, she was trying to preserve them. 


  “Well, should do this quick” He grabs a carnival wooden hammer and lifts it up to try and smash them. Rolling around he barely avoids it.


  “Don't you-” The music- He has to cover his ears he-


  where is he, who is he-


  “Elias-” What- Someone is struggling nearby-


  Two shapes are wrestling in the ground, there is something shiny on the floor.


  “El-” Someone is choking. He cant distinguish which one- 


  The music is louder, the eye is trying to tell him something but he can't focus, James doesn't know why he is here-


  Who-


  His head!!!!


  “Eli-” He picks up the shiny thing and- and he, who is he, which one does he help-


  “Oh Elias help me get rid of this fake, we can take Pasha out” Think- think who is Elias he is William-


  He looks around and and- something clicks, that one… he has a bracelet it feels- it feels like knowing- like worrying and pining.


  Richard picks up the knife and stabs the one on top several times, it screeches loudly and awfully his back makes out a few extra limbs that try to fend him off, so he kicks and buries the- the dagger even harder into his flesh.


  The chorus of tiny voices all ask for food. The man on his back gasps and pulls the monster off him.


  “Elias?” Is that- is that his name? He thought it was Augustus.


  “Im-” 


  
    “Bad” 
  
  Snapping their heads up a single goopy creature stares at them from a cage at the top. 
  
    “Hurt Hope!” 
  


  It has a crack on its face and side, the only defining features.


  “Pash-” 


  
    “You wErE BaD” 
  
  She gets bigger and bigger, the cage she was in bursts open and all the other kids yell in joy.


  
    “BaD OnEs Go cRuNcH” 
  
  She and the other start to join up in an amalgamation, Peter gets up, barely so, and grabs his hand pulling him out as the creature wails and try to hit them with a giant arm.


  “You gotta be kidding me!!!” The tent is destroyed and there is a roar of thousands of yells.


  
    “BaCK pLaY wItH Us”
  
   She runs after them. The changelings that were working around saw them and tried to catch them, they hissed and stretched impossibly to grab them and cut them. Pasha runs them over of course and actually starts to bite the adults, munching them in half and getting even bigger.


  Oh fuck.


  Black blood is spilled in bursts; the creature runs them off into the woods.


  “Peter- what-”


  “I dont know!!!”


  She tears down trees, changelings, tents, everything in her way is torn apart, they both barely manage to avoid getting hit by the splinters and bodies flying around. Not only that but animals, and he knows they aren't really animals, making their way through chasing them too. 


  They won't make it.


  Giggles are at their backs, a hand swipes them. Elias falls forward and Peter gets pushed to the side.


  Pasha and… her siblings are sort of melting off, they look kind of like a very awful griffin, albeit all wrong. She screeches and something lands on top of him. It presses his head into the ground painfully, he can see Peter struggling at Pasha crushing his chest against a tree. She shakes him and hits him against the floor.


  “DiE dIe”


  “Pa-” He can't move, he can't-


  An explosion, a giant explosion shakes the ground and makes the thing on top of him scurry off. He sees smoke, and from far away some… flames. Oh no. Pasha stops, Peter is dropped into the ground unconscious. He hopes, he has to, cant bear to think otherwise.


  She looks hesitant and her shape seems to become more and more unstable until-


  It disassembles completely, the tiny creatures all look around terrified and start to cry, they… don't know what they are doing do they? They pile up and hold each other. Elias quickly tries to pick up the jar with Pasha’s memories but realizes with shock and terror that when the creature dropped on him he cracked the bottle.


  Her memories were leaking to the ground. Sasha’s were miraculously ok, it had cracks but it didn't break at all. No- nonononono


  He pulls what he can to be kept inside the bottom of the jar and tries to make Pasha, once he finds her between the bunch, take it. She rebuffs him, but she is clearly weak, she must have spent all her energy on chasing them. Clearly kept the reins of the abomination, plus her injuries from before were not healed fully, and if she had been weak...


  “Please, please just take it please Pasha-” Screaming and smoke was pouring out and the flames were reaching the circus.


  “N-no lemme go- i-” Angry he grabs her roughly and tries to make her take it by force, but she begins to melt.


  “I-dont wanna- m scared- im bad, don't wanna die” Her cracks got bigger, she was leaking rainbow blood all over. Pieces and chunks of her were falling off. 


  “Don't wanna be- alone-”


  “Pasha?! Pasha no, nono, shh, it's ok princess i got you, i got you i swear, i swear you are fine im here? See? I know you didn't mean to” She looks up with teary eyes and starts to dissolve between his fingers.


  “No” No god no, nono, don't take her away.  Her memories were almost gone. She was going to die and she wouldn't even know-


  She thought he was an enemy.


  “Please, please, Pasha i love you, i love you princess we came for you, im here, daddy is here” A tiny stick like hand touches his wrist.


  “Whats a dad?”


  “Im- we are your dads, we love you” His eyes are filled with tears all he wanted was for her to be ok.


  “Love….”


  “Yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry” Please I would do anything please let me save her.


  …


  ….


  ….


  Anything? 


  Elias blinks and there is a cat in front of him, the rest of the changelings were hissing at it.


  “What-”


  We made a deal once, i am willing to do another one


  Is that-!?


  Yes. Albeit not your familiar, i have other acolites to follow, we just happened to be in the same place at the same time. You both happened to want the same thing, destroy this little freak show, they are around helping out.


  Pasha was crying out in pain, at the bottom of the jar there was just a little bit of her memories left.


  “How do I save her?!”


  Do you accept my terms?


  He does not have the time to deal with this.


  “What are they this time?”


  Cats' smiles should not be able to be that big.


  Marry someone of royal blood in the next six months and I will tell you how to save her now. Whether she survives afterwards by feeding or not is up to her.


  Elias shakes his head he cant- he cant ask that of him , not now not when-when he was going to tell Peter-


  “Does it have to be royal blood? Cant i-”


  Someone born of 
  
    royal blood
  
  , you must wed them in the next six months. No tricks. Pick quickly she is almost gone.


  Elias wants to cry, in fact he is crying, due to the smoke and the impotence. Let her die or be able to tell Peter-


  … Would he even forgive him if he chose that? No, and Elias… he wouldn't forgive himself either. How could he? 


  “I- i agree- please, please tell me how to save her”


  Good, hopefully things pan out better. I have a bet to win. She is hungry, falling apart at the seams, she needs memories to heal her.


  He has Sasha’s he can give her those, but- she almost killed herself by not consuming them.


  “I don't have any!”


  Oh you do, you just don't use them, that's ok, you only need the first one anyways. 


  “What? What does that mean?!”


  Nothing you should worry about, you will find out eventually. Let her drink a few sips of blood of yours… and that man’s over there by the way. Don't worry it won't affect his memories, it's just an insurance.


  Elias uses a piece of glass and cuts his palm, smearing the blood all over her, then he goes for Peter and after hesitating does the same. A few changelings were poking him curiously.


  “Off, off!!” They scramble away. 


  Pasha was almost gone, but she twitched.


  Now… let her bite you, I will do the rest. Taking a breath he sticks his hand where her mouth should be.


  “Bite me” She struggles in a pathetic attempt to resist.


  “Its ok, you will be ok, i won't let anything happen to you, just bite me and- and eat” Whining she accepts and bites him, her teeth are sharp like needles. Elia feels… faint. There is also-


  Flashes of- of people and places he can't recognize at all, as soon as they come they are gone, who-


  Who were they?


  Unimportant, you are doing well enough, with any luck you get it right this time.


  He is going to pass out.


  No, you won't, you still need to figure out how to leave.


  Pasha makes a gurgling noise, and slowly seems to start to be put back together, its working. its- Something is wrong. She is- she is crystallizing-


  “No, nonon, you said she will be fine what is happening to her why is she-”


  Give her what's left of her memories.


  “Its not- its not enough she won't- she won't remember us will she-”


  Its funny how you all seem to think you can just lose them or take them away. Memories are never gone, not really, they existed, they occupied a space somewhere. Give her what little you have, let her sort herself out. She's too weak, her body needs to rest. Hibernating will do her well, her injuries were too severe and the ringmaster was not kind in her treatment.


  Elias makes her swallow what's left. It's just one sip. 


  Good, once you are back, put her on the table, inside the secret spot. Leave her there, the rest will be up to her. And I will give you one piece of advice? The big one needs medical attention quick.


  His eyes snap to Peter who looks normal again, albeit he is pale, he can see… a spot of blood on his side. Oh no.


  The cat licks its paw and starts to move towards the fire.


  Good luck


  “Wait how do I get them-” It's- it's just gone.


  Elias is holding the cristilzed  Pasha while Peter is most likely bleeding out. He- the fire is spreading too fast.


  He doesn't know what happened to Tim, he has no way to move with the man like this. He can't help but start crying, there is nothing he can do about it.


  “I just… i just wanted us to go back together-” A sob. A bunch of tiny hands touch him.


  “Sad? Sad tears go away-” The little slimes just huddle closer to him.


  “Why sad? Is it because the dance didnt work?”


  “Miss Nikola will be mad”


  “I don't want her to be mad im scared”


  “I want to go back home i'm afraid” They all start to cry too.


  “Sibling is sleby” One touches Pasha and he moves her out of the way startling her. 


  “Sowy” He- he can't even be mad with them, they really don't know what is going on.


  “Im sleby smoke is making me sleby” No. He starts to cough its too much. They all sort of just flop on the ground.


  “Can- can you help me move him? Turn big?” They all look at each other.


  “Sibling knew, we just played alone”


  “Mm sorry big one”


  “Sorry/sorry”


  They were going to die huh? At least… like this they to it together, he wont even have to marry. Elias was feeling more and more faint until he hears-


  A door creak open.


  “Hello there” Its not Helen.


  
  
  
  
  
  


  Elias the changelings and Micheal who drags takes Peter as if he wieghed nothing despite being far bigger then him move through his corridors.


  “Why help?”


  “You saved your child”


  “... What… does that have to do with anything?”


  “A father… does what i can for its child, i have been… moving around this forest a lot, found a stragler once… reminded me of… someone i lost” He has no idea what to say.


  “Thank you?”


  “You are welcome little king”


  “Little king? Are you a king? He doesnt wear a crown!!” Multiple voices as questions and Micheal laughs.


  “Cute, wonder where they will end up” He ponders the same.


  “But i need to ask you a favour first, i believe you have something that belongs to a friend, do you mind returnng it to her? Your little child will be happy i presume” He was about to say that he needs to get to the castle to get Peter medical attention but a door opens and he is in the forest.


  There is a carriage with a woman who looks startled at him.


  “Sasha?”


  
  


  She calls herself Sarah but he knows it's her, from Tim, from Pa… Pasha.


  “This is yours, she- she tried to return them she didn't mean to frighten you” She looks awed at them.


  “I… realized to late, Gerry assumed she was trying to kill me so he stabbed her, by the time i told him i got memories back instead she was gone, we have been trying to find her since” Elias wants to leave now, but-


  “Gerry- Gerry Keay?”


  “Yes? Do you-” He has no time to lose so.


  “Tell him that Adelard Dekker needs his help, his mother cursed the land where they lived and he is the only one who can take it out before it spreads too much” She nods.


  “Also- also Tim- he i… don't know if he made it out of the forest, i hope so, but he was staying in Opperior at the castle”


  “Ti- Tim?! Wait what do you mean where is-”


  “Sorry friend, I promised a trip home and his friend is dying-!”


  “Micheal, what the hell, why did you get him here first!!”


  Elias enters the door and Micheal leaves her with a laugh.


  ….


  ….


  ….


  Peter is unconscious, three days later.


  Pasha was put on the table as requested from his patron. The kids were alright.


  Tim did manage to get them, and his brother too, apparently some magician he assumes is Gerry and his boyfriend helped him fight Nikola off and take the kids out.


  The changelings… Elias sent an emergency letter to Simon, telling him about the fire and how they got baby changelings, if he could take them to stay in Aella as orphans like he offered Pasha. He agrees immediately, a ship will come soon to pick them up. For now Rosie was looking after them, they seemed to have taken a liking to her.


  “Rosie like a rose? But she doesn't look like one!!”


  “Flower Lady!!” She seemed actually overwhelmed but not.. not in a bad way.


  She liked them.


  Peter is asleep.


  Elias writes letters.


  Maxwell flirts with him.


  He needs to get along with him, after all he has to marry someone of royal blood and there is no one else he could get to accept or like him enough.


  Simon, even if it's for convenience's sake, is not king by blood, he just killed the previous one. Mooreland is closed off completely, so asking for a union there is impossible as it has always been. Agnes is married, Annabelles replacement Neil was not royalty but rather elected.


  The other rulers don't like him.


  The Berserkers wont give their princess to marry him, the underground city is also very private, only coming out for the annual dance. Terminus kingdom….well he doesn't even want to contemplate it. He knows Oliver could have gone to stay there, in fact he is sure he can have a claim for the currently empty throne. But he decided to stay here quietly doing menial paperwork instead.


  Maxwell was his best shot.


  He really wants to make contact with Mooreland, he dislikes the man of the dark kingdom. Elias can live with a loveless political marriage with the Lukas, with a sigh he writes a letter, it would do well to at least try. Last he heard they had 5 children, he is sure he can get one to marry him if given the chance. 


  Elias tries to not think about Peter or Pasha. He has already ordered the maids to move his things away from his room. 


  He has to marry otherwise Pasha will pay, he has no assurance that she would even remember them when or if! She wakes up. Tim and Helen have tried to talk with him but he locks himself in his tower and avoids them.


  What will he say?


  All he wanted was for things to be better, for them to be happy and yet.


  And yet everything is wrong.


  He can only blame himself for it.


  Elias was too stupid for thinking htat he could achieve this.


  Looking out of the window he sees rain fall, yes, he should start preparing, he can't keep them close. Not if he wants to be able to put up with this. He won't be able to take it.

 

   At night he sits next to Peter in the medical room, he holds his hand and talks softly.


  “Im sorry, by the time you wake up things will be very different…. So will i. And i am sorry, but… for Pasha, for your safety and that of the kingdom” Closing his eyes and trying not to cry.


  “I will do what i must”


  “...I wish it was different, i wanted- i wanted to tell you so badly, but with this looming over me i cant, i hope you understand. We can still be friends. I just…. i cant do more than that and keeping you so close will not let me forget” Elias gets up, he hesitates and leans down letting a kiss near his lips.


  “I love you” Peter has no reaction.


  Elias cleans up his tears and goes back to his room.


  
  

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Once upon a time there was a lonesome king, he married a woman from high society not because he loved her, but because it was expected. They got along very well and they were, dare I say it, rather happy.

  Friends if you will.

  They had 3 wonderful children, but the king was very prone to solitude, and didn't know how to treat them so often they would stay with their mother or their tutors.

  One day however the queen fell ill and no matter how many doctors or healers he tried to get, no one could help her. Her heart was weak and gave out on her. The king had lost his only companion, the only person who understood his way of being, his “friends” for he wouldn't call them as such despite them considering him so, sent letters and offered to go.

  He declined every last single one of them!! Even the young scholar who he was believed to be rather fond of.

  So time passed, the kids grew and the king became harsher and colder, cutting off everyone around him. His heart had only been open once to his dear friend and companion, yet with her gone he could not bear to open it again.

  Until-

  A servant came in. The man was happy and joyful. The king did not like him one bit, no sir. He thought he was too air headed and prone to mistakes. So he confronted him, he wanted him to quit. But the man was not about to give in so easily! He made a bet with the king, and if he won he could keep his job.

  Not wanting to be called out for losing his honor he agreed to it. And believe it or not the young man won!! The king could not refuse him, so with a grumble he let him stay.

  Yet now the servan kept him company, taking walks in silence with him, helping out the children, making jokes and gambling around to spend the time inviting the king to it.

  Little by little his heart thawed from the ice he kept it in.

  But… it was not enough, the servant fell in love with him, he was unafraid of his feelings and so he confessed! But despite the king loving him back, despite having smiled, kissed and held his hand in the gardens, the awful king looked him in the eye and told a lie.

  “I do not love you” 

  And of course it broke the young man’s heart.

  But he insisted and to every word, to every confession the king will always reply the same.

  I do not love you

  Now, perhaps he wasn't lying, perhaps the king truly did not love him, that's what the young gentleman thought. He hadn't been able to laugh or smile in a long while.

  Maybe it was all him!

  He contemplated such thoughts in the spot in the forest where they would go to spend time alone, when suddenly a voice came out from behind him. Fog came by and a fairy was there, she asked him what ailed him.

  So the man told her his story, afraid of offending her.

  She stood there, thought for a while and said to him-

  “I will find out if he means it, but you must do as I say” And so the servant agreed.

  She made three trials for the king.

  The first one was simple, the man got injured and was in a lot of pain. The king hired the best healers to help him and keep him well. Stayed by his side until he was well again.

  The second one was for him to face someone else coveting the man, so the fairy disguised herself as potential suitors. The king hesitated there, but told them to back off, not unkindly, sort of roughly, as that was his way.  He kept the man close and was perhaps sweeter with him on their own.

  But no matter what, he would never utter the three words that the young man wanted to hear. In fact he kept with his refusal.

  “I do not love you” Why he kept it up was impossible to know, but he did!

  And the servant couldn't handle it.

  The hiding away, the cruel words despite the tender touches.

  It was poisoning his heart.

  The fairy who had grown fond of this sweet boy was at her wits end. She intended to do the last test herself.

  She would ask him outright and… she did.

  His answer was not what she wanted.

  “I will never love him, he is just something fun and pretty to be around” The fairy was outraged, but more importantly the man who came to confront his love one more time heard it as well.

  The servant's heart broke completely and numbness and sadness overcame him.He could not handle it anymore and let the fog of the moore’s eat him whole.

  The fairy was furious and in her rage she cursed the king, his land and… his descendants, albeit she didn't know that at the time.

  But she made a mistake, the king was heartbroken about his loss, he truly was. Her curse could not be lifted by the king, because the recipient of his feelings was dead, there was no one he loved like the servant. His childrens he wasn't close to, his friends he had left behind, his court, his cousins or uncles-

  He cared not for any of them and so he died, because there was no one he loved.

  And so his death reflected that, he went out alone and unloved, forgotten….

  She thought that was it, that she took revenge for the young servant and so she could leave, but you see-

  Curses don't work like that, there are only three ways a curse can go.

  Number one, it breaks as intended, you find the loop, solve it and it stops working.

  Number two, it is changed, if another fairy knows the words used for the curse it can be modified. 

  And… number three, if the curse cannot be broken or changed, it can be passed down to someone else.

  The king was an only child, so his curse, the ability to break it, went to his first born son. He… never managed to tell anyone the words that the fairy said. 

  And the fairy… well.

  She was stuck, she was supposed to see the curse run to its bitter end, but because the king died and his son didnt know how to break it…

  She remained, waiting.

  For years and years. She followed the family and the kingdom she cursed, and every year it got worse! The curse bleed into the ground, into the foundations, into the people making them… dull as well. 

  They were all trapped.

  And she could not leave, could not see the sky as she had loved, could only stay and watch an entire family succumb to her words, completely twisting the meaning of what she had tried to accomplish.
 
  Mm? Well you said you didn't want a story with a happy ending love.

  …

  Yes… the fairy remains there, she never truly wanted it to last that long, she just… she just wanted to make justice for her friend.

  Now, its time to-

  ….

  Oh Peter… you should really wake up soon starfish, come back home- 
  
    i mIsS yOu sO mUcH iT HuRTs. WhERe ArE yOu HiDinG mY chILD?
  

  
    …
  

  
    Im SoRRy, iM so SorrY
  

  
    i L-v- --u
  
 
  Peter wakes up startled and terrified in the medical room, the last thing he saw was Missy’s hurt face … he thinks she was crying.

  Its night time and he is alone. 

  …

  He… is back? Did… they make it- how-..? He can't really find out now, better if he asks in the morning, he hopes… he doesn't dream about Missy again.

  Albeit… he had forgotten that story, she used to tell him that a lot when he was small, he always wondered why.

  Feeling woozy and still tired he tries to slowly calm down and fall asleep again. It was just a dream.

  
    It was only a dream. 
  

  He will get to see Elias in the morning, there is no way the man was dead, Peter would be too if that is the case. He… he hopes Pasha was ok, that Elias got her to remember. He had been terrified when she kept attacking him, but he couldn't be mad. She had no idea who he was, it did hurt, not only physically he means… but it hurt to see the little blob be so-

  Angry.

  It didn't feel right. Peter shudders and hopes she doesnt feel bad, he knows it wasn't her intention.

  Finally sleep comes for him.

  He hopes to see everyone in the morning. Hopes they are all ok.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Peter awakes once more, this time with no odd dreams, its… around midday? If the light from the windows are anything to go by. This time however, the doctor… What was his name again?-

  Was there to see him wake up, which translated into immediately asking him questions and checking his reflex and wounds. Apparently when Pasha hit him against the tree one of the branches stabbed him.

  Not good at all. Albeit he comments that it healed… a little bit too fast even with the healer's intervention. Peter shrugs uncomfortably and says he has magic so it probably healed him. The man seems to take his word for it.

  After a while of checking on him, he surmises that Peter should state a day or two more, since he just woke up. At which point he has to ask how long he has been asleep and if Elias was ok.

  Doctor Elliot, that was his name!! Looked hesitant.

  “Its been a week and a half. The king is fine, he had scrapes and a few bruises but those were minimal” That was a relief, that was such a fucking relief. If anything had happened to him because he came for Peter he would have just lost it.

  Elias did not get it when he said it wasn't worth it. That he wasn't, Peter’s life was already doomed, if he died at the circus or if he died later it wouldn't change anything, for Tim and Elias to get hurt or perish because of him when it was pointless….

  He could never live with it at all, for whatever short amount of time he had left, he could not truly be at peace knowing he caused it. 

  Nikola was a fucking monster, she kept using doubles of Elias to taunt him, kept making him see them get injured. The first one he didn't realize immediately it wasn't him, so Peter actually did eat some of their food. When he caught on to it he stopped and refused, even if he had to see the copies cry and suffer.

  Every time he prayed it was not really him.

  Pasha… when he got picked up they pried her from him, it was the worst fucking thing in the world to have her slip between his fingers. The last thing she did before being taken away was return the necklace he gave her, the one that belonged to his family, and the bracelet that Elias gifted her. 

  He honestly thought he would never get to see her again.

  So it was terrifying, it was absolutely horrible and the one thing he wanted more than anything was to see them be ok. To make sure that Elias, Pasha and Tim were alright.

  …

  Peter will be honest and say that his brain kind of shut down for a few seconds when Elias kissed Tim. Because a very awful little voice in the back of his mind told him they looked very good and that he could just not compare, that maybe it was better since he would be gone eventually. Especially, because Elias wouldn't take him when he didn't even look that human at the moment. It was a small thought of course, then the second thought he had was that he wanted Elias to kiss him too, very much so. Contemplated lying and asking for it, but felt bad about it.

  Peter already did something bad.

  When he was struggling in the fog to pass through the bars and not… lose himself there, because it could have been so easy to just…. slip away completely, he saw Elias and gave a very soft and short kiss to the side of his mouth.

  He chicken out at the last moment.

  So he refused the kiss, thinking he should not take more advantage as he did.

  Before he dies Peter would love nothing more than to kiss the man just once, just the one time would be enough, or maybe not, maybe Peter woulndt want to stop. He could die happy like that, even if it's the last thing he does before he breaks his heart. Because as much as Helen tells him is a bad idea… this proves that Elias would do anything to help him, even put himself in danger and that is the last thing he wants. So he needs to leave him, make him hate him in any way he can.

  Helen was right he gave up, but there are moments, tiny shiny moments where he wishes more than anything for it to be extended. For it to last, for this life he carved out of a lie to be real.

  To just be Peter Foster and not… Peter Lukas, to not be half fae, to not have a curse, to have a kingdom or a responsibility that he runned from, to have his siblings remain and not burden him with the throne when it's the last thing he wanted to have.

  Albeit he blames his mother for that.

  He wishes that Pasha told him she had been hurting too- and maybe Helen has a point.

  Maybe lying and waiting to disappear without notice is not good, because the idea that the little goop creature would rather die and never tell them she was ill or why-

  Was suffocating, it was the worst kind of hit he could take and honestly? Peter wants to be mad, but he would be the biggest hypocrite ever. He can't even help but to blame himself because… if she saw it from someone, if she caught that kind of behaviour from someone? It was from him.

  He gave her the example, set the bar for that and she must have taken it to heart.

  It sucks.

  So yes, Peter feels like shit about the whole thing.

  The day passes and… no one comes to visit him. That sets him on edge, why did Elias not appear already calling him an idiot and pushing him around to check on him like a mother hen? Where were Helen and Tim joking and being passive aggressive about the whole kidnapping thing?

  And where was Pasha? 

  Peter spends the entire day alone except for a few healers that check on him and servants that bring food and ask about his health. He smiles awkwardly and says he has felt better, they nod and let him be. THrough all of it they give him looks of….

  …

  Pity.

  Peter hates pity.

  Doctor Elliot gives him the things they found in his pockets, Peter plays with the green rock of the necklace and holds the mood bracelet, It changes colors to blue and grey. Fitting he supposes.

  Night comes and just like the rest of the day nothing happens. By the next morning, after having nightmares of Elias dying horribly courtesy of the strangers trying to force him to eat-

  He breaks and asks the doctor in the most casual tone possible if Elias will be able to see him that day. Or maybe even Tim.

  “...The king is very busy, as for Timothy… I think he will be free today for a visit. He has been doing a lot of paperwork and taking care of his brother. Adjustments are still in place, plus understanding what to do now with his condition as a fae” Elias being busy has never stopped him before from coming to check on him. Tim… he understands at least.

  “Elias is just… too busy to come see me? Really” The man gives him an apologetic look.

  “There have been a lot of changes these days. Im sorry” Unnerved at the answer he lets him go, his magic feels…. weak, tired, it did heal him after all. So with a sigh he rests, he hopes Tim is more forthcoming.

  The hours pass and Peter's stomach is in knots, the nervousness is killing him.

  Eventually, just as the sun begins to drop Tim enters the room. He looked tired, more than he had ever seen him before, he also seemed angry. When he sees him he does however give him a small smile.

  “Sleeping sailor finally woke up huh? Took your time” Peter has never been more happy to see Timothy Stoker in his life despite the odd mood.

  “Seems like it, what took you so long? Did fame get to your head?” That makes him snort and it feels a little bit more normal. Tim slumps in a chair next to him and groans.

  “God if only, I had to do a lot of paperwork explaining what happened from my point of view. I had to help with the relocation of the children to their remaining living relatives in some cases- My brother… Danny remembers and it's good but also bad, because he knows what the circus did to him, to… all those innocent people. It's a struggle. He is the only one who knows how to help the changeling kids that came with too, so he helps Rosie until they can go to Aella”

  “Kids?” Tim nods.

  “I managed to get some of them to follow the children, they sort of kept freaking out due to the fire, apparently they thought they were playing a game. Its… i dont think they are actually bad, more like… they raise them as such plus their nature needs them to feed from memories. Elias also got a bunch of them too, so we got a full nursery of supernatural kiddos” Its… quite a lot to take in to be fair.

  “What happened after we split up?” At that the man looks infinitely exhausted.

  “I followed Breekon, he was going to take the kids out and shove them in the tent, so I used the magic staff? Those modifiers you gave me came in handy, I got roots to trap his feet and used ice to weaken him so I could steal the keys. I left Danny hidden behind some boxes. I got the kids and I was about to guide them away, but… Brekoon managed to break free and started to attack me” He sees him rub his neck.

  “Suddenly the music got loud, like… i don't know how to describe it, it was as if the world tilted on its axis? And suddenly everything seemed off. Elias magic didn't manage to shield me from all of it. I was too close to the heart of it. The kids were screaming and I was losing consciousness but then- Heh, Danny came and shoved him away from me. The children were loopy too so I stayed in place” Peter was not really that much affected by the music, he reckons that Elias got hit too, that's why he looked so lost in the tent when Hope tried to kill him.

  “But my brother pulled through and basically tore him down. Then he came to me and tried to help me remember… I won't go into details, but needless to say I was crying like a baby. We got the kids to follow, but as I was about to leave...Nikola and a bunch of adult changelings appeared. We were completely surrounded” Tim waves his hands away.

  “That was it, even with my staff and brother, we got the kids there to protect, I couldn't fight so many creatures at once. But then…. Gerry came in to save our asses. He is a wizard of sorts, apparently he was helping out a friend and found out about the ritual so he and his friends came to blow up the place. Conveniently, he helped us fight off the changelings, which worked at first but then like a swarm they kept coming and it was getting harder and harder to fight. That's when his boyfriend came by and told him it was ready”

  “I did not know what he meant but he told me to pull the kids away so I did , they cleaned a path for them. And then Bum! Explosion, Gerry and Jon as I would find out, ran with us picking up kids and bolting. Nikola was furios and tried to kill me and Jon”

  “I had the pleasure of just cutting off her head with a sword that Gerry threw at me. Actually… I still got it, it moves. Since she isn't really “alive” per se, I just kick it from time to time for catharsis. Elias has approved for it to be burned in the backyard in a ceremony so that's neat”

  “Anyways we had to run because Gertrude set fire to the forest and it was catching up fast too. So we were surrounded by fire. They guided all of us out to a path on the side from where we came from and told me they had to go, look for the rest of their group. So that was it” Peter nods.

  “That sounds complicated”

  “Don't even say it, Gerty almost has a conniption when i told her about them, apparently she had been looking for Gerard for some reason, it's funny she seemed more shell shocked by my mention of Jon than anything” How odd.

  “What about you? What did you two got up to?”

  “Didn't you ask Elias?” At that his face becomes stormy.

  “He wont talk to me, or anyone for that matter, we only met up for me to give him a report, have a talk about Nikola’s head and being given the spot as Gertrudes second in command. Apparently I earned a promotion” The petulant and bitter tone fits with the entire thing, what the hell?? Why was Elias locking himself up?

  “Are we sure he is not hurt? That something didn't happen to him, like- like with Jane. That doesn't sound like something he would do”

  “I don't know!! I just… i tried, really, Helen too, but somehow he knows how to stop her from making doors now, we have no idea how he managed. So we never get to see him. I tried to wait him out but he told me that I should go back to work- and it's just- It's frustrating, why is he pushing back now?? He isn't a stranger that we are sure of, Gertrude tested him i was there” The entire thing makes no sense, why push Tim and Helen back, why not come see him.

  “I should speak with him once I can go, at least I can wait him out in my room-” And that is when Tim tells him.

  “....What”

  “He changed your room, set it off to the other side of the castle, in fact since I got promoted I have a new one right next to mine. Im...sorry” Peter is furious, what the hell?? After everything, after literally everything now this? Why!!! What reason could he have to push him away like this-

  The small voice is back and it tells him he is a freak, why does he care, he needs to put distance too. Was he so selfish that he would literally drag every last piece of care from that man until it was time for Peter to hurt him and go to die alone?

  Its upsetting, he has no idea what bothers him more and he feels just as bad as well.

  “Well- well i will try to talk with him, how did Pasha take-” That's when Tim face falls completely and Peter feels like someone pulled a rug from under his feet.
 
  He gets to leave the next day, Tim takes him to the room where Pasha was. Elias explained in very curt words to the other man what happened to her and that she was at the table healing. When he opens the compartment and he sees the crystallized shape his knees almost give out.

  “I'm sorry, he says that she will be fine eventually, but that her memories… the jar with them broke in the struggle, he only got her to take a small sip. He has no idea what she will even recall at all or if anything” Peter comes closer and softly touches the cristal, it was abstract in a way but it resembled the goopy creature. He wanted to yell, this was the last thing he ever wanted to happen.

  “I dont have- i just-” A few indistinguishable sounds escape him that a fairy would translate into hurt and despair.

  “Oh Peter, i'm so sorry” Tim takes him to his “new” room, even if all he wants is to go back to the one next to Elias. Tim mentions that he had been looking after Captain this days, who was ecstatic to see him once more. Poor thing was trying to climb his leg, making him chuckle weakly. At least something was normal in all of this messed up ordeal.

  All of his things are neatly put away, he feels his body itch, its just like back in Mooreland, switching his room and putting his things away without telling him.

  He spends some time there just… looking around and feeling like shit. Tim told him that later Danny and him will go out for dinner, if he wanted to join them, but he rejected the offer. Peter would not be good company for a while, fog was already piling up on the floor.

  “It's ok buddy it will be fine, maybe… Elias will see sense once you talk?” He hopes, he hopes it's not like with Jane, where he would just… leave him.

  It's ironic of him to not like that.
 
  In the end he can't really take it, being there for a few hours feels like being stuck in a cage. Putting the cat in his coat pocket he goes out. Peter decides to go to the beach first because… he is kind of a coward. His ship is there which is a relief, soon after making a few noises Opal appears and starts to croon at him, she rubs her snout against him and lets out a few sad sounds.

  “Oh dear… did you miss me? Were you lonely I'm sorry about it, things just… went terribly wrong. Honestly I don't know what to do….” She merely lets out a purr and he sits letting her head rest on his lap. She huffed and he… talked. It's always easier to talk to himself, or to the animals. None of them can judge him, none of them can't tell him he is wrong.

  “I just don't know what to do, everything went completely wrong and I just- I'm just sort of lost, I hope Elias doesnt turn me away, but… but it could be for the best?... Who am I kidding? I hate this, I can deal with anyone giving me the cold shoulder, but that nosy bastard wormed his way into my heart…. Did not expect it. It- it kind of hurts”

  And it does, Peter has never loved anyone like that, fling don't count, his family? Laughable, clearly not a single one of them cares about him either-

  The lie tastes bitter on his throat, Judith's attempts to connect, Aarons games, Clara rough but helpful advice. Lydia…

  Lydia sitting quietly with him and petting his hair when he was sick, calling him little rabbit.

  His siblings cared, he thinks he just pushed them away and they finally realized he was not worth it, that's the most likely answer.

  Peter was not worth anyones attention.

  But...it also is false. Elias and Tim came for him, Helen helped people reach him using her doors. He knows she doesn't do outright helping.

  Pasha-

  A hit of grief.

  Pasha cared about him too, was hearbroken to know about his curse.

  Peter is not worht it but for some reason some people think the opposite and completely baffles him.
 
  He stays there until he feels a chill and Captain complains, Tim suggested visiting the other changeling kids, but it would feel like cheating. Not his kid.

  Finally he… elects to go to Pasha’s room, he opens the foor and it looks exactly as she left it, preserved. Her toys were lying around, the dresses she used where on the bed, the doll house with her own wardrove was open. It was as if she could just walk in at any moment.

  Thats when it really hits.

  He sits numbly on the bed and picks up the sea serpent toy he managed to smuggle for her. His cat pokes his head out and starts to paw at it in interest, Peter feels his throat clogged, what… is he supposed to do now?

  The room becomes foggier and its like a balm, it muffles the loss and grief and it would be so easy to slip into it. To just stay there until it stops hurting, until everything stops hurting forever.

  “I told you not to get her the toy, but i suppose it was stupid of me to think you wouldnt cave in the end” His head snaps up inmediatly. Elias is standing on the door looking all over the room.

  “...Hi” Elias doesn't answer outright, he steps inside and stops in front of music box on the desk “Elias-”

  “I'm happy you are ok” Peter’s body relaxes immediately.

  “Why did you not come to visit? I have been awake for two days”

  “I was… preoccupied, needed to make arrangements for the kids to go with Simon, letters to other kingdoms… Pasha” Nodding he gets up, albeit he lays Captain on the bed, he is happy to toy with the plushie.

  “Still, overworking-”

  “Is ok, besides i have… things i really need to be watching for now and i need to spend my time wisely” It's infuriating how coldly calm he is, Elias is off and he wants to know why.

  “My room?” At that he sees him take a breath, he is giving him his back and Peter wants to turn him around and tug him towards him. Wants it very badly.

  “I needed space, i cant- …. things change Peter, a reminder of what i- what we lost is not exactly good for my mind” No, no, that's not it.

  “You said she will be fine-”

  “I said that, didn't i? But what about her memories! What point is there to it, if she doesn't remember us? Is she even Pasha anymore?” What kind of questions is that-!

  “Of course she is, Elias… even if she doesn't remember, do you want her only memory left to be something bad? Its her, no matter what, we just need to wait and see, that's all” He sees him shake and he puts a hand on his shoulder “Elias, it will be fine, it has to, we are here for her when she comes back whatever that means, and if she doesn't… we will make new memories right?”

  He feels him stiffen.

  “Peter she lied” ...What? “Pasha knew what was wrong, you hear Hope, she knew she was starving herself to death. She would have just let us watch her die and wouldn't have said anything” And oh, Peter is staring at the consequences of his actions, of his choices right before his eyes. Elias turns finally towards him and he can see the heartbreak.

  His chest feels like someone carved out a hole.

  “And… you will hate her for it-?”

  “No, no i can't, because the one i want to be mad with, to ask why is essentially gone. I cant hate her, I love her too much- much more… than you can understand. Being close to you now hurts, because it reminds me of the lie” He cant breath, its like his lungs runned out of air.

  “Elias please-” And he does the cruelest thing he could do to him. Elias touches his cheek tenderly and destroys him emotionally.

  “Seeing you hurts me because it reminds me of what we lost” His world comes into an awful focus that settles on his face, Elias is in pain “I… thought things were going well, but the world is cruel and doesn't care what you want. I'm sorry, you are my 
  
    best friend-
  
  ” Like a slap to the face, that's what it feels like “Can you understand?” No, not really Peter can't do this.

  “I need to focus now on the kingdom, i… Gertrude is right, if i had gotten hurt or died going for you and Pasha no one would be able to look after it” 

  “Im sure if you name a-”

  “Even if i did it would be a power vacuum for a while, i need something solid to fall back into” He shakes his head softly he can't really mean-

  “I thought about it… and as much as I hate it, getting married would do that well. Things… don't last, that's what i have come to realize. Support would be good” Oh god, oh god no.

  “Elias-”

  “So i thought about it while you were asleep” Please say it's a joke, please, but his face was completely serious, worst of all it was resigned.

  The fate that Peter escaped from is what Elias was running into.

  “And i have narrowed it down to Maxwell Rayner '' It's funny how he can feel as if his heart stopped even if it's not possible.

  “You can't be serious. '' Elias ' hand goes to his neck and stays there, it's freezing where Peter is scaldingly hot.

  “No other way around it, no one else likes me enough. I considered Mooreland for any of its princes or princesses, but I have not gotten any response yet. Political marriage, even if it's a loveless one, is better than nothing. Heh, i even had the dumbest idea of finding the missing prince and getting him to marry me, at least that way it would stay in the kingdom's best interest”

  Peter is going to lose his mind, maybe he already is, god this whole thing could be a product of his imagination and he is still in a coma or in the circus hands. He wishes it was.

  Because this? This was the worst possible outcome, he- he loves him. God he does, he feels his mouth tingle very funnily and Peter feels inclined to tell him as much.

  But he refrains. What is he supposed to do?

  “So yes, i'm sorry Peter… besides all the hurt… if im doing this having you so close would be seen the wrong way-” He keeps talking and giving excuses.

  Peter comes to several startling realizations at the same time, because his life is a joke.

  Number 1, he would do anything to stop Elias from marrying someone else, especially Maxwell fucking Rayner, he was a creep. They never got to meet face to face thank god, but he heard Lydia talk about him, she had gone to visit his land for a political reason.

  He had been way too creepy about her, his sister was the most nonplussed person he has ever met, but she actively looked uncomfortable.

  Number 2 he considered his family. 
  
    He considered his family-
  
  ! His mother would refuse Elias because she wanted Peter to have kids before he dies of his illness, so she would only accept a woman. But, but-

  That gives an opening.

  And Number 3, as he sees Elias look so small, so defeated and resigned and more then anything.

  Hurt

  Peter wants to make it go away. Because he would rather spend the rest of his life with him, making him happy, teasing him, having petty fights, looking after Pasha, doing bets and being free. That nice and wonderful idea hits him like a ton of bricks.

  He has never contemplated any reason to stay, why would he? All his life he has known he was unimportant in the grand scheme of things. Death was the only natural thing, Peter did not have a reason to want to prolong his life.

  Elias gave him one.

  Elias who wants to marry someone else, who will be unhappy, who -if Peter dies- will have to spend the rest of his days with the hurt of his loss and his lies along a disgusting creep to boot. Peter can't think of a reason to live for himself, he can't hold himself in any high regard, not one bit.

  But he can for him, for Pasha, for… for Tim and Helen. They see something at the very least in him. He will see his daughter again, memory or no memory he promised to look after her. He will… he will find a way.

  Peter wants to live for the first time ever, not for himself, but for the people he does care about, and if he wins, if his curse is gone then he can marry Elias, he can finally tell him the truth. He will be mad, god he has already seen a preview of it, but Peter has exactly what he wants.

  He just needs him to love him too!

  So when Elias finishes his little spiel, and honestly he paid no attention to it, Peter leans down and hugs him close.

  “Peter- Peter!! Did you not hear what i sai-”

  “I am so happy you are alive, you have no idea” 

  “What-”

  “Nikola made me watch how she tortured your copies, took me a bit to realize, i think i told you. I… actually ate some of their food to make it stop” His little Siren stiffens.

  “You-!!”

  “You… are my first friend” And love, but he can't say it, even if he feels oddly compelled to “I could live with not being human if it meant you being ok” He hears him take a deep breath and press his face against his chest tightly.

  “I fucking hate your guts Peter, i hope you know that” He feels his shake.

  “I'm sorry i wasn't there, that you had to watch 
  
    our 
  
  kid get turned into cristal-” He makes an odd sound at that “That you had to put her away-”

  “Peter-!” He sounds a little bit more desperate and for some insane reason, he feels good. Peter feels happy, he hugs him closer, its kind of addicting.

  Hope.

  Who would have thought?

  “That i wasn't there and that i seem to bring you bad luck, im probably the worst lucky charm in the world little siren. Apologies for that”

  “Please-” He is crying.

  “Wait until you decide to marry him, can you do that?” Elias shakes and looks up at him with a confused and teary eyed look.

  “I don't like Maxwell, I heard he was a creep” His… his partner snorts inelegantly.

  “Yeah, but he is the only one willing to marry me” No, not really, Peter prays it wont have to come to that.

  “Well, Mooreland hasn't answered, right?” Elias tries to push back but he tugs at him.

  “What is your pro-”

  “I think marrying some boring prince is better than a weirdo like Maxwell, i would hate to see you hurt by him” His face does something complicated that settles in regret.

  “If I could... “ Peter waits, wondering where he is going with it “If I could , I would love to settle with someone I love, but this is bigger than me” Nodding, he smiles at him and kisses his forehead, making him flush.

  “You really did ignore me-”

  “You know me so well. I won't hear such blatant excuses, but, if you want me to stay in the other room I will, don't think i will let you slip away again like with Jane. Not again. So, i will help you pick out the least fucked up royal to marry, because that's what friends do”

  “...You are ok with me marrying?” Not in a million years, Peter smiles and thinks he would rather use his fog and leave them in a lonely dimension until they wither into bones.

  “I'm not okay with you marrying for these reasons, but I know I can't stop you. So? I will do my best to help you pick the lesser evil. So to speak”

  “That-” With not much thought he lifts him up and spind him.

  “Sto-”

  “I don't like to see you cry, I never know what to do when people cry” Elias chokes a laugh and it feels like sunlight and chances.

  “I won't be so… forthcoming you have to understand” He does, but Peter decided that he will beat this. He has to.

  “I call bullshit, but fine, I will give you space, just… don't push everyone out please, Tim and Helen care too. Speaking of which, do you know where she is?”

  “Ah… you remember her missing dad?” Peter nods and Elias launches an explanation.
 
  Micheal was Gertrude assistant, she sacrificed to sto pa ritual, but sort of ended up in the actual fae realm. He became one and his memories got scrambled, he only knew he was looking for a little girl, trapped woman and children in his corridors looking for the right one, while Helen simultaneously changed into a fae to find him.

  The ones that took her in didn't lie, she was with family, they were well the same sort of kind of fae, but Micheal just couldn't remember her enough.

  He was the one that got Elias and him back. He wasn't aware of all of that, but once he saw Gertrude and she reacted badly to it, Elias got her to confess. By the time he realized the connection Micheal was gone so he told Helen.

  Elias was avoiding her, but as far as he knew? She was sulking somewhere around, her door kept changing walls but it remained closed.
 
  “Oh…”

  “Yes” Peter had managed to convince Elias to lay in the bed and was cuddling him while Captain moved around. He seemed like he wanted to run off, but Peter wouldn't let him.

  “I need to go, i mean it this cant keep happening-”

  “You aren't married and we are just friends, I don't see the problem” He stays quiet and it feels like a small win.

  “Yeah, but i need to think and-”

  “You will be sure of it. Now… I'm going back to get some dinner. I guess our private ones are going to stop too?” Peter's hand touches his cheek and Elias closes his eyes.

  “I can keep the dinners but they will need to stop eventually, i mean it-” With a nod he lets him move.

  “Good, i'm starving”



  Dinner is awkward but he feels like he is charged with electric magic.

  Afterwards he and Captain make the long trek to his new room. Not before kissing Elias' cheek goodnight. Peter flushes and the man narrows his eyes.

  “For sweet dreams” Waggling his eyebrows has him punch his arm and that-

  That is more like it.
 
  In his room Peter takes off his shirt, the tattoo has expanded, by the speed at which they are? He thinks he has six months before he dies from it. They were slowly reaching his collarbone, he could see some in his hips. The moment it reaches his heart he is gone.

  It won't happen, he can't let it happen, he has to make an effort.

  Quickly he puts on another shirt and knocks on Tim’s door. After a few minutes he opens.

  “Peter-? What do you”

  “I need to tell you something and you gotta promise you won't get mad until i'm done”

  “....Usually that's my line, but come in” Peter needs help, more than he can get on his own or with Helen.

  Tim the faeries in the forest… he has to make a plan, has to figure out what to do.

  Telling him the truth is the first step, albeit he does make sure to remove anything with eyes there, no need to have a little spy on him. Peter has to make it.

  And for the first time he has something to look out for.

  Hope is a very frail and energizing thing.

  Pasha will come back to them one way or another. He will find a way to break this or if he can't, he will try to at least get Elias with a lesser evil. He thinks that as a dying wish his siblings could do him one last favour and marry the man. Its the least they could do for Peter if they ever cared.

  He will try.

  Peter wants to live, wants to see Pasha, wants to… kiss Elias, see him on his birthday like he kept insisting. Peter wishes for a tomorrow and for the first time he actually thinks he would love to stay for it.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Peter tells Tim about the curse, about him being the prince of Mooreland and of Elias' plan to marry Maxwell Rayner. ABout how… he wants to live, how he wishes to break the curse. He doesn't specify why, doesn't tell him outright that is because he loves Elias and he could not bear the idea of him marrying someone else. 


  Showing him the tattoos to further cement the whole thing is enough and… he considers explaining why he is half fae. In the end he gives him the sanitized version of it when he asks, with thinly veiled confusion and anger.


  “My nanny was a fairy in disguise, she… didn't know how to help me when the curse got to me, so she assumed that if i became a fae i could survive it. She fed me in secret their food, I didn't know until i tried to leave and she admitted to it”


  Peter finishes his explanation, during it he sees Tim almost ask things several times, but he did request him to wait until he finished.


  “So that's pretty much it!” The younger man takes a deep breath and gets up, he had ended up sitting down at one point.


  “Peter, i say this as you friend, but what the fuck!?” He almost shouts.


  “Look its… well i wanted-”


  “No, no, let me be mad!! Let me get this correctly. You are a runaway prince, you are cursed and dying, you never even intended to tell any of us and was actually actively planning to what? Piss all of us off to hate you and die alone and miserable like a dog???? In what world would that be ok!!” He really hasn't seen him this mad at him in all the time they knew each other.


  “Tim…”


  “No!! Holy- what is wrong with you??” And despite the seriousness he can't help but joke.


  “Many things, probably the crippling anxiety and low self esteem due to my mother thinking me expendable and basically replaceable in case I get her a new heir to the throne!” Tim looks floored at him.


  “Peter..” ...Yeah maybe it wasn't that funny.


  “Look, I need help, ok? I… I want to live” And oh.


  He never said it outloud it… feels right.


  “I actually want to live…” The disbelief is palpable. Peter actually gets hit with the full scope of the realization, pulling his hair back he starts to chuckle a bit and soon it turns a bit hysteric.


  He feels his eyes sting.


  “I actually want to live for the first time, i just thought there was no point to try” His laughter turns into half sobs and he wants to hide in the fog, its too much, too soon, its too loud-


  Tim pulls him close and hugs him.


  “I'm so mad at you, so, so mad, but I will help you. God you fucking dick, i cant believe you” It feels a bit more grounding. Peter has no idea how to deal with it.


  “It will be ok, look just- just tell Elias you are a prince then you can avoid him marrying some creepy fuck and-” He shakes his head and takes a breath to recompose himself.


  “I can't do that” His voice was tired and done.


  “Why not?? It's the easiest thing ever, he will want to throttle you, but I'm 100% sure he will say yes in a heartbeat if you asked him to marry, with- or without the prince title!” He knows he is trying to get him to feel better. Elias could do much better than him, Peter is just dumb, but he loves him too much to not want to try.


  “Tim” He releases him a bit to look up at him.


  “Tim, I want nothing more than to ask him to marry me instead, like really I wish for nothing else. But I can't do that, not with the curse still going, If we marry then what? I will spend the next few months until I die with him?”


  “But you say there is a way to break it if you want to!!”


  “Yes, I do, but I want to do it before asking him to marry and admitting that I'm the crown prince from Mooreland. If I can't do it, if… the curse doesn't break, then I would rather not make him unhappy, spending the last months just obsessively looking for a cure that doesn't exist” Tim looks at him with apprehension.


  “Then what do you do? Maxwell is the only logical one”


  “...Well, i do have a brother”


  “....Peter”


  “Look, we need time, let's say he gets a response from Moreland! From Prince Aaron, they write back and forth for a bit…”


  “You realize this is insane, what happens if you fail, if you die! What then!!!” Smiling more serenely he answers simply.


  “My siblings left me alone with mother, left me to die by the curse, the least they could do for me was to just keep the one person I care about the most safe. Otherwise? I ask Helen and you to deliver a letter to Mooreland so mother can take them back” His face was in shock.


  “You want to snitch on them?”


  “Why not? I will be dead by then. If they go back and mother has a political ally since Simon stopped making business with her, then she will let Aaron marry Elias. Lydia will be crowned queen, probably they will have to be accompanied all the time so they don't run off again, but they deserve it” The lie tastes bitter.


  Peter starts to cough.


  And cough and cough.


  When he stops he sees the room is foggy and Tim looks scared.


  “Peter- you-”


  “Wha-” His breath is still coming in short huffs.


  “You were coughing up fog” Oh.


  Oh shit.


  “Thats- fuck, thats not good”


  “No shit! How… how does this curse advance?” Taking deep breaths and sitting down, he starts to explain.


  “The tattoos come first, they are the first sign of it and they show its progress, when i first got them they only reached my wrist and ankles. The coughing is the second sign, at first is just normal, i will get this random bouts- but the more the tattoos advance closer to your chest you will start to cough up fog” 


  The last part…. It was the last he saw his father, he recalls very vividly, Lydia was with him, they went to pick up something from his room when they heard pained sounds in a room nearby and went to look.


  She tried to cover his eyes once she realized what it was, but he had seen it already.


  His father was completely see through and washed out. His hair was white, the last he saw him before that,  it was still salt and pepper. The tattoos were reaching his neck from what he could see. He looked like a ghost. He was standing up and coughing up more fog in a painful way.


  “You sort of… become kind of like a ghost I guess, see through i mean. The last part is when the tattoos reach your heart… it gives out and you disappear. Puf! You turn into smoke and there is nothing left to mourn”


  His… friend, because that's what he is, looks at him with a horrified expression.


  “No, that's not going to happen to you. And- and Peter I get it ok? I get why you think you can't tell him, but you are not taking into account what he wants, or his choices. You say that he will obsessively try to find a cure, but like- if he chooses that it's because he wants to, because he knows and wants to help. You are just taking that away from him. Elias is the one with the knowing powers, if anyone has a shot its him” Peter is selfish, that he knows, is aware, he is selfish and afraid. He knows that he is hurt because of Pasha lying and hiding her own illness.


  But… he can't. He can't live like that, couldn't stand staying trapped in a room waiting for the end and having everyone just come by to check on him, to feel pity or bad about his fate.


  To hear fake reasurances. He can't take that.


  “I know, i- i know that, but i just… i cant Tim, im sorry, i can't let him know, i know how bad it can get”


  “Then what!! What if we fail? What will you do? Leave a letter and go? Fight him? Say something terrible to make him think you hate him? Tell him you don't care about him after making so much of an effort for him?” His tongue feels like lead and his mouth tingles.


  He loves Elias…. 


  “I will say what I need. I'm sorry, Tim, you have to promise me to not tell him. Please!” Shaking his head he hits his arm painfully.


  “You shit!! You can't drag me into this and make me an accomplice!!! I- Peter i want you to live too, i truly do and i will help you with whatever insanity you make, But if it doesn't work, if you truly try to pull that shit im not responsible for what i say, he has every right to know- He- he cares about you!! you absolute moron, it's plain as day to see!!” His heart feels like he took a punch to it, the words ring on his ears and he takes a breath. He knows Elias cares, he does.


  “Oh sod off”


  “Are you that blind?? You were practically joined at the hip before this whole fiasco, you were raising a kid-” Tim cuts himself off and pulls a miserable expression, Peter likewise looks elsewhere feeling like he got gutted at the comment about Pasha.


  She should be here.


  “Tim… I- “ Peter sighs “I will not change my mind, not until… not until i end this” The man paces around with a frustrated sound.


  “Well, do you have any leads? Any clues? Anything at all!!”


  “... The fae at the forest seem to be aware of what is wrong, maybe it's because the magic around here is about knowing stuff, but they can't tell me outright as per their nature, too small and chaotic, I can try and wrangle some clues from it. The major fae that they tried to ask at home were all scared and unable to say what the words were. Mordechai contracted the illness and died within a week from it” That makes Tim stop and look at him perplexed.


  “How long does it usually take to kill?” Peter blinks a few times and thinks.


  “Usually? Once you get it it can be a few months, some people manage to live longer. His case is the quickest recorded one, no one else since then has died that fast” It is puzzling why that was, no one could figure out the reason.


  “What about you?” He shuffles in place.


  “When I got the tattoos it took a month for them to grow to my forearms, but once I left Mooreland…. they started to grow more slowly, as of now they reach my collarbone and hips. If it keeps up that same speed? I would say i got six months more or less before its terminal”


  “That… is peculiar, why would it grow faster there but start to slow down once you left?” They both end up sitting down just bouncing off ideas.


  “Maybe its the land itself? I mean the entire kingdom is under the effect of the fog, the people that live there too. By staying it amplified it?”


  “It doesn't explain why your great grandfather died so fast when it took you a month”


  “Well, maybe its because the curse was casted on him first? It was too strong?”


  “No, no, curses don't work like that, I read a bunch of books about it. There was this architect that believed in balance between the fea magic and made some good points about curses. They aren't more or less powerful depending on a person, it depends on what the curse itself is”


  “What is that supposed to mean?” Tim looks far more pensive.


  “Curses are… more often than not, punishments of a kind, they have an ironic spin on them, they also always have a way to break them its in their nature. The problem with the ones that usually seem unbreakable is that the original meaning can get lost in translation, or… that the original condition to break seems unattainable since the intended answer layed with the one who got cursed first. However in most cases what happens is that it gets passed down and the terms stays the same unless changed” 


  That is more or less what he knows, Peter inherited the curse, his family tried to have someone change it through the years but no fairy could without the words and hiring others to try and figure it out was also met with no answer.


  “Thats what happened to you. If no one knew the words it couldn't be changed. So… it stands to reason you have the same effect in motion. Something in his surroundings triggered the curse to work so fast, while currently you are managing to keep it at bay, that means there is common ground, what about all the others who got it? When did their illness start?” His face must betray him because Tim looks at him incredulously.


  “Are you kidding me you dont know?” How to tell him?


  Should he say how all his lessons spoke about the Lukas who died by being nothing but cold? For those who looked for connections but became weak and died? There wasn't a common ground, but it was ingrained in their heads that by not having any connections the illens would not get them.


  Its why it was important for him and his siblings to remain apart. Those who care get ill. And those who are cold but can't balance it out also become sick. It's a thin line to walk.


  …


  Peter failed, those blinding panicked moments when he saw the tattoo….


  “The more isolated you are and the less connections you have mean its less likely to get sick”


  “....” Tim's face was blank, he saw him take a deep breath, wait and let it out.


  “Is that so?”


  “Its why we are all raised separately and constantly reminded to not stay close to each other. Caring can kill you”


  “That is so much bullshit, you clearly care and you lasted this long by doing so!!”


  “But… its not wrong, i got the curse because i-” He can't say it.


  Can't admit how awful it felt to see the painting of all 5 of them being gone, how mother sent their stuff to be destroyed and he only had small things left to remember them by. How Peter realized how expendable he was as well, that it didn't matter if he was the golden child, if he stepped out of line he would be disposed of too.


  Part of him relished it, part of him was afraid.


  Because truly? Peter was actually hurt by it, by them leaving, by having the last reminder being destroyed. By knowing he didn't really matter to anyone… only Missy at the time.


  Simon and Titania as well.


  It was all he had and that also fell apart too.


  Sometimes… sometimes he feels it would have been easier if Missy had not been kind, if he had remained blissfully unaware of what kindness felt like, of what caring was like or to be encouraged to steal a few moments with all of his siblings.


  He would have been much more different if she hadn't found him alone in the woods feeding pixies when he was 5 and offered him a hand and a warm and kind smile. It's the first clear moment of his childhood.


  “Because… I felt… bad about seeing my mother destroying the only portrait with us on it, because I realized I was expendable as well and nothing I did was my own choice. It was all chosen for me, nothing i did or said mattered” He chose to say that because saying the truth hurt, to admit that he cared felt like a slap, because he pushed them away and he still got hurt by being left behind on purpose like a small child.


  He knew as a kid that if mother wished to, they could be sent away, as long as one of them was king or queen the rest were expendable replacements. His cousins were all sent away.


  Peter was bitterly reminded that one day he could be like that too.


  He hated his siblings, he didn't care about them or love them at all, they weren't even close.


  The next day, he found the tattoos.


  Tim wraps an arm around him.


  “Sorry to tell you this, but your mother is a massive bitch” With a weak smile he nods.


  “Couldn't agree more”


  “... It still makes little sense, you.. felt bad and the curse activated, yet you didn't instantly die. It's been so long and you are here. Mordechai… just withered away? So fast? Why? If the curse was for him, how come it killed him almost instantly?”


  Peter knew who to ask for the answer, but he also knew she wouldn't be able to tell him, because that's the last thing he did before leaving, he asked her. 


  Missy  couldn't tell him, at the time he was reeling too much with the realizations and… revelations of what happened to him to grasp it, but…. she truly couldn't…. She got herself trapped too and couldn't say what the words were either. Just stay and watch to the bitter end….


  It feels oddly familiar-


  “I don't know… and asking the fairy that did it… wouldn't help either”


  “What? That's absurd they must be able to help-” He shakes his head slowly.


  “Not if she binded herself to the place by accident, if she had to watch it unfold but not participate… if it was a lesson she wanted to teach-”


  “By telling you the answer-”


  “You would learn nothing at all” 


  “....It was a lesson then, something she wanted to show him- god… my brain is fried” Tim flops to the bed bonelessly


  “Ok- ok. Look, it's… very late do you want to sleep and maybe tomorrow we put our heads together to plan this better? I am very tired and… I kind of got in a fight with Danny so i really need to cool down” Blinking in surprise he asks very awkwardly if he wants to tell him why?


  “... He- well he is happy to remember me and he loves me, but he feels… I don't know. I just don't know, I tried to talk with Helen and she tried to explain but it was hard. He also… wanted to go with the baby changelings to Aella”


  “What? Why?”


  “Apparently he spent most of his time with them, back in the forest? He got babysitter duty. He is the only one who knows how to properly care for them and is worried for their safety…. I just got him back and he wants to go? He- he asked me to go with him”


  Oh


  “And...you said-?” Tim sighs.


  “That i like my life here, that i… have friends, that i still need to find Sash, Elias said that he met up with her, Helen's dad dropped him a bit to give her the memories and left because you were bleeding out. Told her where I was… I want to be here in case she comes by. And- and I like my new job, I like the idea of protecting people. To be better, and there is you now!!! I cant- i don't want to go, but he doesn't want to stay, the magic of the land makes him feel exposed”


  Peter has no idea how to help, Danny is at least upfront about leaving instead of choosing to do it behind his back, plus Tim truly loves him and… vice versa. It's hard to know what to say to him in this situation.


  “Im...i don't know what to tell you, i don't have any frame to know what to do with this”


  “Its… its ok bud, im glad i got to tell you, i'm glad you told me too. I will help you, because honestly? I want to get you both a happy ending too. I ask dibs on being your best mate on your wedding by the way” Peter snorts.


  “Fight Helen for it, Pasha can be the flower girl-” Both stay quiet for a bit. Peter hopes he can see her before… anything happens.


  That he gets to see her wake up.


  “Yeah… i will ask Danny to make a guide book for… baby changelings plus ask him if he knows about the whole cristal thing”


  “If… it's ok?” He shrugs.


  “He is a softy for kids, he will help… she will be fine, you three will get to be together again. i'm sure of it”


  He can only hope.

 

  That night he sleeps in his new room and it feels… cold. 


  If he knocks on the wall he will only wake up Tim.


  When he has a nightmare of Elias dying he is left breathing hard on his own with nothing but his cat for company. Except-


  He took the sea serpent plush back, Captain seemed to like snuggling it. He pats the animal and doll. They are soft and in his cat's case? Warm.


  Alive.


  Peter tugs him close, he doesn't fight him at all, merely curls up to his warmth.


  He can feel its tiny heartbeat. Its alive and… so is he, so is everyone. He loves this cat so much.


  “Love you buddy” The cat doesn't understand him, it's asleep again, but he feels like he got a weight off his chest, even for a bit.


  The next day when he inevitably coughs again while talking with Tim about plans, there is no fog.


  His tattoos remain the same as ever.

 

  Peter sees Elias only for dinner now, any attempts to spend time during the day are softly rebuffed, it hurts quite a lot. He spends time with Opal and otherwise with Tim and Helen, who finally made an appearance.


  “How do you feel…?”


  “I'm happy you told Tim-”


  “Helen….” She sighs and her shape superimposes. In any normal person it should make them hurl, in his case it just makes him dizzy a bit.


  “He is alive, as… alive as that is without his memories apparently? I should drop Gertrude in my hallways, just for- for stealing him away from me! I was a child, he took me in and- and was kind at raising me, but we fought before he left and I said mean things….” She kicks her legs back and forth in the dock.


  “I was only a kid… I was alone and I walked into the forest looking for him. I forgot too…. spent so long there i forgot a lot of things”


  “Sorry” Hugging herself she nods.


  “He is alive, he is like me. But when I try to look for doors like mine I always get there late. I won't find him” Patting her shoulder he tries to help her a bit.


  “Tim told me that Elias talked with Sasha, there is a chance she is coming here eventually and… if she and Micheal are friends as it was implied… maybe you can meet again? Its just a matter of waiting”


  “I suppose… I have waited this long already... “ They stay quietly there watching Opal swim around and spit water from time to time making a rainbow with the water.


  “Heh, wonder where she learned to do that huh?” He actually does.


  “Yeah…”


  “How is the little king?” That questions.


  “He avoids me unless its for dinner, even when i told him not to”


  “Stubborn that's what he is” Peter nods.


  “He is, but I don't know… what should I do. Tim is right i am taking his choices out of his hand, and lying about the letters from home-”


  “Mm… why not speak to your siblings? Maybe if you explain they would be willing to help on their own?” God…. he should, he knows it, but there is some actual fear of rejection already. Judith saw him already, must have realized he was cursed. He hasn seen them in years.


  What can he even say?


  “I was thinking in asking Tim to maybe… flirt with one of them to like get some info?”


  “That's probably a good idea? Ohh! Can i try too?” Lydia never liked Missy, the rest were unnerved by her.


  Would they be too if they realized Peter was almost a fae too?


  “I don't think they like fae very much. Heh, they would probably like me even less if they knew im-”


  “Hey” She pokes him, thankfully its not with the knife like fingers, but still.


  “Don't talk like that, if they did i would trap them and drop them at your kingdom with no hesitation. No one gets to mess with you like that, we are perfect love!! So? Say it! Say i am perfect how I am!!” He tries to deny it, but her arm stretches like a snake and wraps around him, trapping him effectively.


  “I won't let you go until you say you are perfect the way you are dear!” Oh god.


  It takes fifteen minutes for her to say that it sounded satisfactory and release him.


  “Rude” Her grin is impossibly huge.


  “That's what friends are for! Now, you should speak with the small fae in the forest… and make a plan. I will help out even if its ridiculous lying to him. But hey! Friends are ride or die!! I can even steal the letters he sends back so you can have a better grasp at what to answer” 


  “I… would appreciate it. Although I kind of want…”


  “Yes…?”


  “I might want to… um, its going to sound stupid?” Her head tilts to the side and he mirrors it unconsciously. He never could stop doing it.


  “I want to… woo him too? Is that the right word? If it works i want him to say yes because-”


  “He loves you” Exactly, he nods, albeit her face is bemused.


  “Oh Peter… You know what? I am 100% up to help with that! Whatever you need!”


  “I'm still worried that if i can't stop the curse and i do that… he will be more hurt when i-”


  “Peter? I don't think there will be a way where he wont be more or less hurt if you die and hurt him to leave” He stops and nods.


  “Thanks” They spend the rest of the day relaxing on the beach. He sees a pinkish purplish rock and gives it to her.


  “Reminds me of you” Her smile is blinding.


  “Thank you!” He thinks of Missy and… cant help but miss her.

 

  The fairies and pixies all climb around him when he says he wants to break his curse. He is sitting in his and ELias spot under the tree.


  “Oh foggy!”


  “Foggy one is hurt and sad-”


  “Foggy one wants to marry a little king? Aren't they married already?”


  “We aren't-”


  “Flower crown!!1 You gave him half of your kingdom already!!” What are they on about?!


  “Look!!! Focus!! Ok? Curse my curse? I know you can't tell me outright, but… is there anything you can tell me that helps? Can it- can I even break it? Is it possible? Or… or I may never meet the same lesson Mordechai did?”


  The pixies and plant-like creatures all look at each other and start to speak in gibberish. After 10 minutes of waiting, the fungus little guy speaks.


  “The curse can be broken!! The lesson is the same, obtaining the cure is as easy as it has always been” He almost blanks out.


  “Easy?? Its been almost 200 years! It's clearly not easy!!”


  The pixies flutter against his face.


  “It is, it is, fear clouded them, made them harsher, made them more likely to fall into the trap. But the answer lies within yourself!! It has always been, you have the power to set yourself and everyone else free!!” He thinks of being told Aaron was most likely to break it.


  “I doubt it” They tug at his hair.


  “You are dumb, so dumb”


  “It is simple!”


  “It is easy!”


  “Be you!”


  “Be unafraid!!”


  “Be bold and-”


  “Make it all go away!!”


  “Make your happily ever finally a reality!!”


  “Take your crowns! Take your place! Be the king of the land of you and me- of everyone in between! All of your fates are in your hands!”


  “Be free, stay with him! Make sure you don't mess up-”


  “Because the alternative will bring nothing but death”


  “I don't want to die anymore” They touch his cheeks and kiss him a few times.


  “Oh child-”


  “Sweet foggy child”


  “You fate is in your hands-”


  “Your paths were meant to be”


  “But the way it ends its up to you and him”


  “You have this life- and this time he might get it right”


  “Make it count”


  “We wish you the best-”


  “But we cannot tell you more”


  “The lesson is yours to learn-”


  “Do not make the same mistakes as the ones before you, that's all we can say” Then they hug him a bit and fly off. The plant ones nod.


  “They are right, we are sorry, there is nothing else we can say. The rest is truly up to you now”


  Great.


  Great….

 

  Peter catches Elias for once and manages to drag him along to walk around.


  “Visited the forest… the fairies are ok, apparently they were scared that time because of Nikola”


  “Would have come in handy if they warned us…” He sounds bitter and it's understandable. Peter bumps his shoulder.


  “They don't get along with her kind and they were very afraid, we are not their responsibility” Elias sighs and nods a bit.


  “Still…. a warning would have come in handy”


  “Yeah… probably” They stay quiet for a bit, Peter is...unexpectedly nervous, now that he has resolved to figure out he wants to live and that he wishes to stay, it's harder to know what to say.


  Still, there is one thing he owes him an explanation for.


  “Elias…?”


  “Mm?” He takes a deep breath.


  “About me… being half fae-”


  “Its ok, you don't have to tell me” For a second he is blindsided by it, but he resolved to be honest about this at the very least.


  “No, no… I want to tell you. Do you… can we sit for a bit?” He gives him a hesitant look, but nods, he takes them to his tower. Once there he sits on the couch and pats the spot next to him. He looks like he clearly would rather sit somewhere else and it stings a lot.


  Be patient Peter. In the end the little king relents and sits. He pulls his hair back a bit and nods.


  “It goes like this. My… nanny, the one I keep talking about?” Elias nods.


  “She was a faery in disguise, had been working at my home since before i was born… she took a shine to me and looked after me, better…. than my own parents” His face remains passive, its good enough to make him keep going.


  “It was ok! Truly, she took care of me and it was fine…. but you know how I have this uh coughing fits?” Slowly Elias nods, looking a bit more alert.


  “I got… badly sick….” It is not a lie, the first few days when he got the curse he ended up feverish in bed “And they got worse. The doctor said… that if i didn't get better i could perhaps die” Again, true.


  He sees him open his mouth but he makes him stop for a bit, he has to finish, otherwise he will chicken out.


  “She stayed with me and tried to get me better the normal way… but I suppose at one point she figured I was not going to get better and… tried to turn me to save me….” It's what she implied the last time they saw each other, that she couldn't stop it, so maybe like this he could survive, if he was like her he would be fine.


  “I guess… it must have partially worked, i got better, the cough won't go away, but i was fine. That plus… many other things involving my family made me run away” He looks down to his hands, watches them open and close.


  He focuses on that feeling he got in the circus, and he can barely see them turn a bit bluish, he stops and swallows.


  “I never meant- I didn't want to. I would have rather died being me than being forced to be something else” It still stands true.


  Peter didn't ask for it, even with the curse at his heel threatening his life. Perhaps… Perhaps if she had told him the truth, maybe it would have been different, it wouldn’t have stung so much.


  “So yes, that's why i'm… like this. I didn't want to say it because…. i don't like it. I don't like me being this, kind of a fre-”


  “Would you call Helen that?” He shakes his head, refuses to see him this time.


  “No, never-”


  “Then… I think it's unfair to call yourself that…. It's a terrible thing, but I can't say I'm unhappy, because I got to meet you. Is that selfish of me?” Peter looks at him but Elias is looking elsewhere. He swallows.


  “A bit, but… i'm selfish too, so i think its fine” He sees him nod.


  “I'm glad you told me, that… you trusted me enough to tell me” God its like being speared by a dagger to the heart. Peter is a horrible person.


  It won't make him stop.


  “Do you… maybe in a few weeks but do you want to spend a day on the ship?” His lips thin and he softly puts a hand over his.


  “Please?”


  “I dont know…”


  “Elias, can you… can you look at me for a bit?” He remains in place so Peter waits and eventually uses his other hand and places it on his cheek hesitantly. Elias stiffens but moves to stare at him.


  “We are friends right?” Its true but also… not quite right, he wants more.


  “...Yes”


  “Then what harm is there?” His thumb brushes against his cheek in slow motions and he sees his eyes flutter a bit.


  “I have-”


  “To find a possible marriage candidate, yes. I don't see how that doesn't let you stay close to your friends, or why should you push all of us away” Elias swallows and grabs his wrist.


  “A bit too forward for a friend, Mister Foster” He smiles a bit in cheekiness.


  “How could I know? You are my first friend and I never saw you complain before, if anything you set the wrong example Mister Bouchard” The amusement makes him finally break out in a smile and its quite the sigh.


  Elias releases his wrist and Peter stops touching his face, however he picks up Elias hand and kisses his knuckles.


  “Your majesty is a terrible example” Elias' breath hitches a bit and he sees a bit of pink on his cheeks, making his heart beat faster. The idea to just keep going and kissing him all the way up was tempting.


  “Well i am trying to school you a bit now, i was too lenient… why i also don't see you act like this with Tim!”


  “Not that you know of!” That seems to be the wrong thing to say, his face becomes more stony, so he amends.


  “I am jesting, I am kind of afraid that if I try to do that even in a joke Tim will snog me. And between you and me? He is not my type” Elias' face does something interesting.


  “Say… what is your type? I do recall you being quite… flirty with mister Salesa…” Oh. The blush and awkward laugh can't be stopped.


  “Uhh, well that's actually a funny little story-”


  “Mmhm yeah what is Peter?” He has a brief memory of years ago having a little bit of an affair with him. They broke up amicably, neither was in love with the other there was no loss of any kind.


  Peter was just young and wanted to try.


  Besides…. He recalls him being kind of flustered with Lydia the few times they crossed paths. 


  “We… met before? We had sort of a short…… fling”


  “....” Elias' face is marble.


  “It wasn't serious, I was just… young and kind of wanted to know…. And well I am fairly sure he had a crush on my sister… can't say how she felt about it, besides its not like mother would have let that happen'' True, through the years they started to pick people with lesser titles since no kingdom offered any princess or princes. But a sailor who sold supernatural artifacts? 


  That's too low for the future queen, at least that's what mother would say.


  Peter honestly doesn't remember much of his mother.


  Its funny, her face is actually sort of gone from his memory even if he saw her a few times before he ran off. His mother is a distant figure covered in the fog of their land.


  Not a Lukas by birth but most definitely one by heart.


  “I see… well that gives a better idea on your type then” Not really-


  “Not quite, I mean sure there were a few things I liked but like-” When he actually thinks about it… “I prefer someone to… to fight me? It sounds weird, but it's nice to have someone to banter with and- “ He is still holding his hand, Elias puts his other one on top “A challenge is fun! If i wanted a doormat i would have stayed home and accepted mother marrying me off to some spooky lady! No, no I like someone complicated and fun… who I can disagree with but like to still get along! And who is funny and… and doesnt mind me being weird? I know I am Elias, I'm not blind. Who doesn't mind me being too quiet or off because of how i am and- and gets why I like my solitude… So even if I'm alone for a bit I can come back and be better I suppose? Does it make sense?”


  Elias' face looks oddly disjointed, as if he could decide what to feel like.


  “I mean more physically, but… yes i get it…”


  “Oh!” His cheeks burn a bit in embarrassment god what an idiot “I don't care much about it i suppose in that case? Big or short… its kind of… well it's up in the air. Albeit…. uh… this might be embarrassing but i would say i like it if they are shorter than me….? Uhhh there is something about someone being shorter and bossy, maybe a bit controlling...” There certainly is, he definitely doesn't mind Elias telling him what to do or perhaps being on to-


  His face starts to burn, oh, 
  
    oh 
  
  he hasn't considered- Oh god he really didn't think about-


  He hears something of a choking sound and Elias' face was very red.


  Something clicks on his brain.


  “Uhhhh” When Peter panics he over shares “I mean-! Its very nice being told what to do in some cases and there is something about not thinking too much- plus as you know i get too clingy during the night and i like to hug- even if its very dumb-” Elias snorts and chuckles and then laughs. He releases his hand and covers his face.


  He realizes how odd and stupid this was and… starts to luaugh too.


  “Oh my god” 


  “Peter-”


  “Oh my god im so dumb. Im so sorry” It turns a bit hysteric because oh god he is dumb, isnt he? God why is he doing this? He has no shot- Elias could do so much better than-


  “Peter!” The other man grabs his face and makes him look at him, its soft, softer than it has been in… a while.


  “A little bit of an oversharer, but… it's ok. Do you want to know mine?” He doesn't, he doesn't want to realize how out of it he is.


  “Sure” He lies of course.


  “Ok, I like… someone bigger than me, and I like to be in charge, to be bossy, but most people don't like that, find it annoying or… possessive. I like… someone to banter with? Someone who doesn't judge me or even when they do find me bad tell me so, but don't leave. Who doesn't care how good or bad I am. Someone who… is also funny and smart in their own terms, they don't have to be academic like me, just… they have their own special interests, who are a bit weird too, would be awfully boring otherwise. A little bit kind, not with people… but with weird, off little creatures. I used to think I wanted someone to match me word for word, or someone who… saw me as the best thing. But i think i like it better when they don't, when we have opposite likes, feels more… completing”


  His heart is going insane. 


  “Eli-” His hand caresses his cheek and smiles sadly at him.


  “If i could marry whoever i wanted i would love to marry someone like that” His throat is dry.


  “Lovely” He sees him smile and Peter’s eyes are stuck to his lips for a bit. He could just move forwards, its so easy. Instead he nuzzles his hands.


  “Wish that at least if you have to marry for duty…. you find someone who makes you happy” His face is sad. He wants to kiss him breathless, wants nothing more, his own lips tingle, he wants to kiss him and tell him.


  “Me too” Peter doesn't, but he does lean towards him and engulfs him in a hug.


  “Pe-” He presses his face to the crook of his neck. 


  “Msorry Lias” For everything.


  “Its… its ok Peter” It isn't, if he fails… if he doesn't figure it out. Elias doesn't know what he really is apologizing for.


  Peter wonders if this is why Pasha started to say sorry so much, if it ate at her. He holds him tight. He rubs shapes on his back.


  “Sorry, just…. thought about Pash for a sec” He lets out a breath.


  “Miss her too” Peter is very stupid and selfish.


  “Me too”





  “I would like to go sailing with you” He is startled when they start to walk around the garden, the snow is still there but in a month or so it will start to melt, by the time december rolls around it will be warm.


  “Really?”


  “Yes…. I think I should indulge myself…”


  “Oh- OH!! That's great!! Maybe we can go to eat something in town and-” His face is more grim.


  “What is it?”


  “Nikola took the bracelet that lets me change my appearance. I… can't go downtown anymore” Peter feels bad about it, he… wanted to go to explore and to the bookstore and coffee shop.


  “Oh- well…. maybe you can go as… as yourself?” He looks like he wants to hit him.


  “Peter… I am the king, I can't just go downtown like that!!! People will stare, it will be unbearable-”


  Oh- is that-


  “Is that all?” He can see him start to get mad, so he lifts his hands in surrender.


  “I mean- you do realize what my magic does right? If you are afraid of being noticed or of people watching us…. Well you recall what i did when we travelled here the first time” His face freezes and he stops for a bit.


  “...You did forget didn't you?”


  “You haven't done it in so long!!!”


  “Oh my god Elias-!!”


  “Fine!! FIne we can go, as long as you keep me hidden from too much attention” Peter grins and calls it a success!! He has a date-


  That well it's not a real date since the other doesn't know. But its something. He might be the worst person ever, but he is happy.





  Helen found the letter.


  “Here you go, took me a while. But! Here we have it” He opens it, Peter feels even more guilt at doing this, god he prays that Elias forgives him if he breaks the curse.


  its very polite and standar.


  Asking for a possible marriage between him and one of his children. 


  Peter starts to think of a response fitting of his mother, plus faking his handwriting.


  He feels all of his lies crawling on his back.


  Tim does go to check on his siblings, apparently Aaron was the most receptive to his flirting.


  “Reminds me of you a lot, albeit i bit more shy and less cocky”


  “Hey!!”


  “He is cute” God.


  What is it with his friends and siblings? He really needs to put them away from each other, its still weird.


  …


  Nothing beats Mikaele and Lydia still, he will punch him if he tries to flirt with her.


  That is way too weird even for him.


  He refuses to acknowledge that he still cares enough about her to do that.

  
    Chapter Text
    He has no idea what to do.The fae insists that the curse is easy to break, that he can break it- Yet he can't think of anything. What did the old man do?? What could have he possibly done to have Missy curse him like that!Its mind boggling to think about. What… What lesson does he need to learn that no one in 200 years has learned? Wouldn't that mean that he is going to fail? It eats at him, what did he have to learn, why did he have to die because someone else messed up and he has to pay the price for it now.And...why would Missy…. He can't for the life of himself reconcile the woman that basically raised him doing something like that, he can't. He wants to think taking care of him was just a joke, some form to mock Mordechai even further, but… but he can't. The song that Pasha told him, the woman looking distressed about him leaving and her insistence that she wanted him to live and that's why she fed him fairy food.It doesn't add up.In his free time Peter daydreams about what his life would have been like, had his family not been cursed. Would his siblings have remained? If Lydia was queen then he would have stayed working with the trade with Simon….He wouldn't have left, that he is sure of.Peter would have been too comfortable to attempt to leave the land… he wouldn't have left and met Elias, taken a trip to Hilltop together- Elias would have been filled with spiders and sent back here and he would have been none the wiser.Despite… the situation he thinks he is happy with the way things happened, he got to meet him, Tim, Helen and Pasha. It's small and broken, but it's perfect.Through all of this, his ideas and plans, Peter… hesitates about sending the letter. Tim’s words about him taking away Elias' choice rings in his ears. Because he is not wrong and its not fair. He himself hated the idea of having his life controlled, of being lied to, to not have a choice in the matter of anything at all.It was as if the world was mocking him.Tell him the truth…What would happen if Peter told him the truth?He would be mad- no he would be furious, Peter has been lying to him for months on end. Every promise of a future was a lie, every nice moment would be tinted in grief.Elias would be mad, but he would also help-He helped Pasha, he came for the two of them to the circus despite his position and the danger to his life.Elias would help and he would try to find a solution to his curse in between the anger and hurt. Would he try to contact his mother to get answers? His siblings? Simon? Would Peter become more of an obsession than a companion?Would Elias see him for real, or would he be focused on finding the answer?….If he confessed- if he…. if he told him how he felt-Would it make it better or worse? If Elias reciprocated his feelings wouldn't that hurt him even more, force him to work harder and faster? He would lose him if there is no solution, he would see him wither and disappear.Peter wants him, more than anything, but he doesn't want to become a ghost while he is still alive.He doesn't want to lie, but the truth will hurt him far more-Or- what if he rejects his feelings?Part of him doesn't think so- but the other…. the other feels like Elias could do much better, that he will only drag him down and… hasn't he already done that?He caused him to go on his own to the tunnels, he got him to meet Pasha and care for her to later have her copy him and lie to them, Elias could have died trying to save him. Peter is doing more harm by staying than anything.It squeezes his heart. He has the letter in his hand, he should burn it, he should absolutely burn it. Peter should just get rid of it and leave- should spare the pain and-And let Elias marry Maxwell.…..Peter wants to curl up and stay under his blanket forever, but if he doesn't do something, if he doesn't play into this-He would let the other suffer.Even if he has to lie to him, even if he will hate him in the end- He has to do this, has to lie to Elias, there is no other chance.He can't run away until he figures out an answer, he can't run away until he ensures that Elias will be safe and taken care of.It's the least he can do for causing so much pain already, Peter is a bringer of misery wherever he goes. The room gets foggy and he takes a deep breath, he has to be brave.Just this once, Peterhastostay.For better or for worse. The letter was simple and short, not a yes, because his mother would never, but not a rejection. Merely a question to what he wants with this union and what it will give Mooreland.Simple and concise.He knocks on a door and waits for Helen. She will deliver the letter to Elias’s room. She smiles at him and waves, he smiles albeit a bit more ruefully. Its a struggle.Peter feels very bad, even worse when Elias tells him he actually got a response, he looked resigned and melancholic, but it was something.The guilt weighs on his back. This time he avoids Elias.Tim calls him out on it of course.“Are you for real? You are doing this for him!! Why are you running off now?? What about your plan!” And god what does he say? That it's a house of cards? That a gust of wind will blow it over and he will be left with nothing? That Elias will suffer through it because Peter's existence was a curse no matter what he chooses to do?Maybe that's the joke.Maybe Peter is the curse of his bloodline, if he just finished it all-“Peter- Peter!!! You are making the place a bit too foggy!” When he snaps back to it he realizes he is not wrong, the entire garden was covered in mist.“Sorry”“Look- listen talk to me ok? What happened?” “I just-” And he doesn't know how to say it. How to explain, he is stuck in a loop. He shakes his head and tries again, but nothing comes out.“Peter… hey, let's go see Opal yeah? That will cheer you up a bit. Is Captain with you?” He nods and pulls out the kitten from his coat pocket.“Good, good, just… pet him ok?” That's… easy, he can do that the fluffy little beast doesn't complain, in fact it seems pleased to let him touch it. He doesn't manage to explain to Tim, but he is a bit more calm, his words sort of come back.“Sorry” He sighs and yes, he knows he is a burden, Peter knows- can't believe he dragged Tim too into this.“Hey… it's ok, it will be ok? Listen to me, Peter? We will work on it, slowly but surely, I promise. That's what friends are for, I won't let you die. I won't” Dying is easy, living is complicated.Simon told him that once, he is not wrong.“I… started to check books and stories about curses… trying to see if there is a common answer, something to link a possible cure! But… They are always specific to the fairy that casted them. So we could at most shrink it down a bit. I had to put an all nighter and re-read all of Smirkes books but it was worth it” It takes him a bit to clear his throat to ask and even then it comes like a warbled whisper.“Well, you know how there are 14 main types right? Their powers and abilities to curse or use magic are based on it. Weavers manipulate and control, those with the sight can see and know things, maybe use memories in their favour… Dark magic is...very obvious, but it also means blinding your knowledge, fire magic, rot magic- etc, they have limitations, their curses are… also related to their kind” Oh, oh he didn't think about it, Missy is the fog queen.“What does fog do?” Tim seems to vibrate a bit.“Its deals with feelings! Usually loneliness and isolation, but also the opposite, love and all that, it kind of balances itself. It uses both, to protect and to harm, usually its sort of unclear what exactly they plan since… well their kind tends to lean more into the hurting bit, but, but, it also works to help people, it doesn't dwell much on it unfortunately. Smirke for some reason was obsessed with the aspects of magic that were negative and dangerous, wanted to “balance them out” pure bullshit, his architecture was wonderful, but his ideals on magic and how the creatures worked was… narrow minded” And he scowls and Peter knows that Tim feels guilt, that he was the same way before, that he didn't understand and was on a warpath.“So…. feelings?”“Mm, basically?” Ok….ok he can- god what can he do with that.
  
  
Peter thinks during the time where he avoids Elias. He had been on the highest floor watching from the window the town below, from there he could barely see the abandoned church tower.He suddenly gets struck with the memory of Elias telling him about the cursed woman. How she lived because she gave a true love kiss….That sounds like… the type of feeling magic that he needs? Could it be? He needs to ask the man more specifics about the faery who cursed them. If it's from the fog…. but he is very keen in avoiding Elias. Guilt eats at him.His avoidance lasted two weeks, he wasn't expecting to meet up with the other man, since…. Well the man was also avoiding him more often, but then they end up bumping into each other in a hallway, Peter freezes up, not knowing what to say. Before he could even tell him hi, the man grabs his arm and tugs him along.He follows.Without any prompt he is shoved into an empty room where Elias enters too and closes the door.“Um-”“Sit” Peter looks at him and then to the sofa. He stays in place.“Elias…?”“Peter? I said,  sit down now ” He moves and plops down. His face was warm, Elias lowered his tone at the end and it had him weak in the knees.He definitely had a thing for bossy little things.“Is… something the matter? Did anything happen?” he shakes his head, the other stands in front of him.“Then why are you running off?” Looking up at him and huh, it's not lost on him now why he wanted him to sit, Peter sort of has no idea what to say.Sorry for lying? I am drowning in guilt and regret? I think you can do better than me but i'm selfish and love you too much?No, no that won't do. His throat itches and he has to clear his throat a few times.“It's nothing im… im just processing stuff that's all” It's a meek and pathetic excuse if he ever heard one, and it's obvious.“Besides, what is it to you? You told me you wanted… to be away from me” And it stings!!!Peter’s heart hurts with it, he has no idea anymore of what he or the other wants.“I-..... I did, I just… i haven't even been able to see you at dinner” Peter has taken to eating in his room, or just… not eating anything at all, he wasn't that hungry. It all kind of tastes like ash.Sleep eluded him too, nightmares after nightmare every night. Of Elias dying, of him becoming monstrous enough that the other rejects him, of everyone letting him die because he is not worth it-Of Pasha waking up and not remembering him.Its a lot.“I'm just… I just don't feel very well, that's all, I'm not great company lately, kind of dampened everyone's mood” Elias hands move as if to try and touch him, but they sort of fall back to his sides.“Have you seen doctor Elliot-” God no.“Not health wise, i just don't feel… good in general”“Peter… I can listen if you want. You can tell me” Peter is grumpy. Elias hesitates.“But I can't, can i? You said we had to be less… close, which i don't understand, so i'm just doing what you wanted” It's not what he actually wants it, Peter cant make up his mind at all, he wants Elias, but he also… also knows he could do better, even- even if he seems to like him.“Not quite like this!”“So you get to ignore me, but when I do is a problem?” The hypocrisy is not fun, the shorter man puts his hands and his hips and seems like he is about to yell at him. He is so tired of this, so sick of it.“I don't want to fight Elias, I really don't, I'm tired…. I haven't slept well in weeks” He covers his face with his hands a bit and breathes in and out. Every night it's a new conjured up fucked up mess. It takes him a long while to fall asleep and the cat is the only thing keeping him sane. When Peter looks at him he sees him deflate.“That bad?” Peter just nods.“....I'm sorry, is there- can i help with…” Waking up next to him would assuage some of his fears yet amplify others.“Don't think so, sorry….” The man looks at him and carefully puts a hand on his shoulder.“Lie down a bit” A bit frustrated he shakes his head and Elias says it more firmly.“Peter just lay down a bit” Refusal is a the tip of his tongue, but-but he relents, he doesn't want to fight. Once sprawled out he waits, he is suddenly very focused on Elias pressing a knee on the couch and moving to straddle him a bit. What- oh shit- ohHe looks so pretty on top of him, soon it passes of course, and the man slides to the side and settles himself there. Pressed tightly against him, his face is over his heart. The arm under him moves uselessly until it drops over the other’s middle.“Lia- Elias?”“Just… sleep” Breathing in and out a bit faster he can't.He wants this, but he doesnt deserve-“I'm not really a good person, you know that right?” He blurts it out, oh god- “I'm selfish and childish and honestly? I don't care much about people, only… only a very small group”“I know, its why we get along, i'm also a bad person”“Are you really? You came for me, you care about the kingdom safety, you cared for Pasha-”“I did bad things, i still do, i am just as selfish”“I don't-”“I erased my friends' memories of me. Because I was paranoid, because we fought and- and he was right about me. I didn't want him to have… all that leverage” What does he say to that?“Ok” Peter rubs his back.“Really that's it! THats all you say?” Peter is a liar too and he is actively trying to trick him, even if it is for a good reason. At least that's what he tells himself.“I lie too, im… i am a liar”“It's not the same Peter…”“Do you…. regret it?” He feels him breath in and out.“...Sometimes, I write letters to him that I never deliver, that I burn. I keep the memories too. I can't bring myself to return them, to face his anger at the deceiving” Closing his eyes he rubs his back.“It hurts to think they would hate you if they found out” The little king nods at his comment. What an awful familiar feeling. Peter… kisses the top of his head.“I'm sorry Elias”“Not your fault” but that's not what he is apologizing for.In the end he does fall asleep, it's embarrassing how easy it is when he has him between his arms, when he feels the weight and warmth pressed close to him knowing he is safely tucked there.By the time he wakes up, it is to a feeling of… anxiety due to the beginning of a dream, however when he sees a blonde head in front of him he lets out a breath of relief.“Lias?” He doesn't answer but merely breathes in and out very softly. Peter uses his other arm- that hasn't fallen asleep by the other’s weight- and touches his cheek.“Please don't hate me” He really doesnt think he can take that.He spends the rest of the time till he wakes up holding his tightly and trying to not have a breakdown.“Peter-?” Nodding he breathes in and out.“Say… I have a bet with Tim” Elias groans.“If he tries to slide by the staircase again on a shield-”“No, no…. remember the story you told me about the church and the cursed woman?”“Mngh yeah?” Peter needs his help, just not obviously.“Do you know what the curse was? I said that i could figure it out before him or… the fairy that cused him, do you know what type it was?”“Mmm” He is stretching over him and makes a few cute noises, plus some that has him shift in place. Elias is too close to his ear and it resonates.“Something… something about love i think? The papers didn't say, it only explained that a true love kiss broke the curse” He tilts his head a bit.“True love kiss?”“Yeah...silly fairytail stuff I know, but… to my knowledge? It does bear fruit more often than not, even if its childish. For example a love potion can only be broken by a kiss from the person that the one who drank the potion loves, and only if it's mutual. Love is kind of a weird and fickle magic if i say so, unreliable in most cases” True love kiss?Its too… childish.“Didn't know that”“Yes… I don't like it much myself, plus love potions are illegal in all kingdoms, the materials to make them are restrained and hard to get anyways. Thank god, they are truly awful things. Anyways getting back on track… their families were sort of enemies, but she and the man were in love. I guess…. the fairy wanted them to break the whole hatred thing and the kiss did the trick, plus marrying and all that”“They didn't know the words?” More comfortable than he should be, Elias raises his face and puts it closer to his neck, he feels his lips brush his skin and he swallows down hard.“Lost in translation”“Hard to- to break a curse without the words”“Mm, very much so, almost impossible unless you get hit with dumb luck like they did” So close, he swears Elias presses them on porpuse, his arm holds his waist.“Peter….” So close….“Yeah?”“Don't think you will win this bet, sorry i can't help more” His heart is beating like crazy.“You did, more than you know. Will get him to pay me-” Cutting himself up he feels Elias touch his jaw.“You are my friend” Oh- disappointment.“I know, you are my best friend too Lias”“I know” He kisses his neck, a peck sure, but he does. He almost chokes “I'm sorry” His hand grips his hip.“Im-” Say it, say it, he can tell him he-The words die on his itching throat.“Do you want to- can i… do you mind if take a few naps… while you work?” Its lame and not even close to what he wants to say.“....Would that help you?” No-Yes?“Yes”“Then ok… and it's fine. If you don't want to eat with me” Swallowing he shakes his head.“I want to… i was really just feeling bad lately, would have been kind of pathetic to have me around” A sigh.“Never” He still thinks about it so he asks again.“And the fairy… do you know what type it was at least?”“Mm…” It takes a bit, Elias moves and it feels like he is nuzzling his neck, god he wants it so much-“I believe…. it was related to the fog? The couple's families were feuding and it isolated them” His heart picks up just as Elias hand caresses his jaw.“Surprised they even tried to marry knowing she was going to die… and not realizing the kiss would work huh?”“Yeah…” Elias sounds a bit dreamy, what a sap, no wonder he loves to read so many romance novels.“Like the groom didn't know it would work, they just…. went with it anyways” Its mind boggling to him, he can't do that… can't even begin to think about doing such a thing.“Yes… but they knew they loved each other, even if wouldn't have worked up, the groom tried to be with her till the end, its kind of romantic” Peter stays quiet.“What… What if she didn't tell him? What if she felt bad and just didn't tell him she was going to die” The shorter man seems to mull it over.“Then… he wouldnt have tried so hard to marry her, woulndt have kissed her and she would have died” He slowly unclenches his jaw.“You think he would have been mad? Even is she thought it was sparing him?” He feels Elias look up at him.“Why do you ask?”“Well.. it could have ended really poorly”“But it didnt” He was pouting, it was so cute he wanted to kiss him silly.“But…?” And he sighs.“I think it would have been more heartbreaking, that he would have been mad cause… he wanted to be with her even to the bitter end”“Would you?” That has him look startled, but he does seem to take it seriously.“I…. would be heartbroken. And angry” Expected.“And if you knew, but couldn't find a way to break it…?” He scoffed.“As if i couldnt… I would have tried my best to find a way to save my loved one, no matter what…. I would do anything to keep the ones I love safe… even if it means doing unpleasant things….” By the time he finishes he lays his head against his chest and presses himself closer taking a deep breath.“...Do you think Pasha will remember us?” A little bit confused about the change in conversation he stays quiet thinking.“I hope she does, i really do”“...Me too”When they get up, he tugs at him and hugs him, this time he leans down and hides his face on his neck. Peter’s entire frame swallows him down, he wants to curl up on him and don't let go-“Im sorry, i am so sorry”“Oh Peter, i'm sorry too, if i could just-” It's not on him, not really, Peter is sorry for many things. He hopes he can stop it, that he can break the curse and… and admit the truth, that Elias can love him and accept him. He recalls telling Helen he wanted to woo him, god he is just such a dumbass, he still does, even if- even if it hurts him, he is a monster huh?He thinks about the story.“Can we… Do you want to go to Miriam's place with me on thursday?” A date that is not a date. “We can go to the church too, its… it's been a while. I will make sure no one notices us, i'm good at that”“Peter…”“Please? I miss you, i really do” Its kind of strange, he swears he feels like something got lifted a bit from his chest. He still felt a pressure there, the fog he assumes, but for a second there it almost felt lighter.Elias looks up at him, huh, did he do something to his eyes? They look more flashy.His finger traces close by.“Did you do something or-”“Mm?  A bit of makeup does it look bad-?” Not in the slightest.“It looks pretty, makes your eyes pop more” Oh, Peter’s cheeks flush and he laughs nervously. Quickly dropping his hand he steps back a bit.“I'm just going to- i should check on my cat-” He hits himself with a small table on the way out.“Um-!!! Shit- sorry i will- '' He takes a deep breath, be normal “I will see you at dinner… i swear, it's a promise” Elias looks at him in bewilderment and with a small smile that gets bigger at the last bit.“I will take your word for it. And Peter? I…. would love to go out with you. Good luck with the cat?” “Yeah… bye!” He turns off.Veeeeery stupid of him.He doesn't notice the turn of phrase Elias chose. He tells Tim, and Helen, who is sitting next to him eating popcorn while Peter paces in the room, her mood has improved through the weeks. Since she thinks that once Sasha comes by she will see her dad.“So… true love kiss, ideas and thoughts?” Helen raises her hand.“If this is about me taking a nap with Elias i won't answer” She lowers her hand.“I don't know… I mean two hundred years??? No one there had a true love kiss really?” Peter snorts.“Tim. All the marriages in my family were arranged and for convenience. Not a single one of my ancestors married because they loved each other”“Well… what about having a lover or something else-” He shakes his head.“Once you married you lived in the castle and… I am not putting this lightly but… it kind of made you miserable. The only reason why no one cheated is because no one had the energy it required you got sapped out of it in most cases. Putting so much effort into such a thing was tiresome, plus well, attachments meant people dying by the illness faster sometimes. No better way to detters someone than by fear”“Again if that's the case how did you manage to survive this long!” Good questions.“Maybe Missy was right and being turned, even if partially, to a fae helped stop it a bit?” Tim bites his lip in thought, Helen for her part nods slowly.“It could be? You said that your great grandfather was alone right? His wife?” His friend looks at him questioningly.“Died years before him, his kids were raised by nannies as its custom”“Well… what if that's why he died so fast? He had no one to love… or! Maybe he did but they didn't love him back” The other man hits his fist on his other hand as if he had an idea.“A broken heart! Peter, what did the fairies tell you?”“They said… that it has been as easy as it always has been, that… I should be brave and bold? And that it's up to me to make it right. Uhhh, there was something about my ancestors being clouded by fear I think?” They all sort of look at each other.“Maybe that's it? Maybe your grandpa died because he was rejected! He didn't get to give his true love kiss, he fell in love with someone…. the fairy cursed him and bam! He died a week later due to a broken heart!” It sounds…. Peter tries to think about it. Tries to picture Missy doing that to him.“Maybe… he didn't want to originally? And… he got cursed to do it, the lesson was to make him brave, but because he failed ....”“It backfired and killed him quicker?”“That sounds like a marvellous theory, boys!!! But I think we might be doing a little bit too much conjecture I believe? We have no way to confirm any of this. Yes he died a week after the curse, yes he was apparently a loner, but we have no proof, no actual thing to link it. Peter deary what the fairies said can mean anything at all!!” And his little bubble of hope bursts….“Yeah… yeah you are right it was a stupid idea. True love kiss, ugh”“I don't know… i feel we are into something” Bless Tim for being optimistic, but Helen is right they are working on nothing, he has no leads of any kind.“No, no she is right we are walking on nothing, we got no actual helpful leads….”“Oh, no i… look perhaps we should consult the little ones again. I know they can't tell you, but…. maybe they can confirm if you are on the right track with this idea?” It's a possibility?“We can… try i guess, can't promise it will work, but i can ask”“Hey its something! We can still look for more options, there has to be some common denominator between things, some cause and effect…”He admires their attempts at helping. He truly does they have gotten closer to an answer then anyone in almost 200 years.It feels… fitting actually, no one in his family would think about a true love kiss. How could they? They were all afraid of feelings.… Himself included.“Thank you” They smile at him and start to throw ideas. Its… nice.To not be so alone?What a concept. On his way to go out he crosses paths with Danny who stiffens and looks at him warily.“...Hello?”“Hi” It's very awkward.“Um, i should probably-”“I'm sorry” Peter gives him a tired look.“Look-”“I… am sorry, for everything” He has no idea what to say so he very carefully pats his shoulder.“You didn't know, really it's ok”“But it isn't, i did so many bad things and i-” Peter really doesn't want to hear it, he likes Tim, he can call him his friend, but he doesn't know how to handle Danny. Truth is he unnerves him.A possible reflection of what he could have been.Helen is easier, Helen was a child and she grew up surrounded by the fairies that changed her, it was gradual. Danny and him were already adults who were forced to be something else.
  “Ki- Danny, really it's fine, I know it sucks… but its fine, I'm not mad. Now i should probably go and-”

  “I um have something to give you” Staring, he waits for an explanation.

  “Tim said that you have a kid… Pasha right?” Slowly he nods, Danny looks even more guilty.

  “Sorry about threatening her by the way i-”

  “Let's cut to the chase shall we?” He swallows.

  “I wrote something of a… diary of sorts? Its a compilation of things the changalines need and how they grow up. Their anatomy of sorts. Tim told me how severely lacking the information about them was and… uh mentioned her hibernating”

  “Yes, she is….” He can't quite say it, but the other seems to understand at least.

  “It happens when we- they….. when 
  
    we 
  
  get too hurt and we have no way to feed and heal. Our bodies turn into crystals until we are healthy enough, like a power nap, but augmented 100% She is going through it now” He breathes out.

  “Do you know how long it will take for her to…” At that his face becomes hesitant.

  “Depends, it's… hard to know, she was injured quite harshly so she was recovering already and… then she spent all that energy into joining in with her siblings…. it could take a few months at the very least” Shaking his head the man takes something from his satchel.

  “Here, everything is there, I intend to write more and make….. more copies, Aella as far as i understand will take in the small ones and i… will help look after them but i want there to be records for the future. So… people may not be as scared of them. The kids aren't bad, they just follow instincts and when they grow…. they are taught to be bad, we can live peacefully, i know we can” He sounds a bit more sure of himself and he can finally see some of Tim in there.

  “That's… very noble of you” His smile was hesitant.

  “Thank you”

  “...Tim will miss you” At that it falls a bit.

  “And i will do him, but- i intend to come back. To visit and… and stay too, its not forever. I just want… I want to make sure they are taken care of. Some of them i saw come out of their cocoons i can't leave them, not when they dont have anyone else to care for them”

  “That's…” Better than he is, Peter would just look after Pasha, the rest were not really his kid to care for “That's immensely kind. i wish you the best”

  “Thank you…. i hope you uhh, fix things up? Tim didn't want to tell me, but he said he was helping you to get your… boyfriend?” God forbids Tim is normal about this.

  “I will kill him” That unexpectedly makes him chuckle.

  “I get the feeling, one time he blamed me for breaking our mothers favourite vase and i wanted to murder him” Peter laughs at that.

  “God he is insufferable, he tried to slide down the stairs on a shield because of a dare-”

  And they end up walking and talking about all the embarrassing stuff Tim did.

  At least he has some blackmail for later use.

  
  

  Dinner is ok, in fact is better than ok, Elias even invites him to walk around and they stay up late just… hanging out like before.

  Before Jane, Pasha, Aella and Nikola.

  It was nice, he had missed it, missed the easy banter and companionship.

  By the end he goes back to his room feeling far more at ease. He still feels guilty, god that won't change, but…. he also feels better.

  They are still on the same page.
 
  At night his dreams aren't unpleasant, albeit he does wake up startled with another problem at hand.

  Peter does like bossy little things for sure.

  
  

  The fae are-

  “I know you cannot tell me outright- But!! Can you confirm to us if… we are in the right direction?” He took Tim with, he never saw the forest before, he was actually amazed, plus keep flirting with the pixies who were smothering him with kisses.

  “Cute one!”

  “Pretty one!”

  “Ohhh, you are a lucky one”

  “Could have been not!!! But you met and you life became better for it, lucky one!!”

  “Foggy one is changing things-”

  “As predicted-”

  “As expected-”

  “Wonder how it will end!” Tim laughs and grins at them blowing them a kiss. The actually swoon.

  The smaller one he had during the Jane attack is laying on his hair making the smallest braids possible.

  “Foggy one is cute…” He can't help but smile.

  “You are a very kind and shiny small one” She giggles and bats her wings leaving a trail of fairy dust. He will have to wash it 2 times today.

  “So… love… true love kiss? Is that the right path to take?” Tim is the one who asks, Peter was too nervous. They all look at each other for a bit.

  “Love, love! Love is the answer, yes!” Oh- He looks at Tim and they are both hit with relief.

  “It is?”

  “Yes!!! Foggy one marries little king… love and kisses and changeling children!!”

  “How lovely!”

  “How cute!”

  “Make kiddies too?” He almost chokes.

  “Not possible” Tim was choking and laying on the grass laughing.

  “Shame, shame!”
 
  “So???” Peter smiles at Helen.

  “Operation: Make Elias and Peter makeout is in motion. Can I get a wahooo!!!!” Tim pumps his arm up in victory.

  She cackles and he covers his face.

  “We do need him to, you know, want to kiss me, or it doesn't work guys” 

  “Peter, he-” Helen suddenly covers Tim’s mouth, muffling what he was going to say.

  “You are absolutely correct!!! And you know how we do that? Wooing him, you should go out on dates and… and be lovely ohhh i feel that would go great!!! You told me you asked Elias to dance with you at the ball….. it would be a lovely time don't you think? Ohh the pizzaz, the lights, the costumes!! I'm sure we can get him to love you by then!” Peter is kind of baffled about it.

  “I mean- sure..? But i would feel better if we didn't have to lie to him so long- plus Maxwell-”

  “Oh forget the crusty dark king for a bit. Do you want to smooch his royal highness? Do you want it to be a true love kiss???? Than let's make it special, besides i am sure you need some time to… well, flirt with him get him up to date… after all if he is so insistant with the whole marriage and you dont wanna tell him until you get the curse lifted about the prince thing….” That is… correct, plus Peter doesnt think… Elias could love him yet, not the way… he does.

  Yeah- Yeah!! 

  “Ok- ok!! You are right, I should- I want to. I already got him to agree to go on a sort of date with me and to… go sailing for a day” He is actually excited about it and very nervous.

  He thinks he wants to wear the gloves he got him for his birthday, the fingerless ones were very good, plus he has some clothes he bought in Aella…. He feels his cheeks heat up, he wants to impress him a bit.

  “Excellent!!!” Tim is struggling and Helen just starts to drag him away “Great!”

  “Yeah… Thank you, and umm. Why are you doing that to Tim….?”

  “Oh? He was about to say something dumb love” He keeps trying to escape.

  “Are you sure about that-”

  “Yes!! This love thing is hard, you know? We should let you figure things out 
  
    on your own 
  
  or it doesn't count” Tim stops struggling.

  “...Is.. that so?” 

  “Yes! Now! We shall take our leave. See you later deary!!” He waves at them.

  Huh.

  Still he can't stop the huge grin on his face.

  Maybe, just maybe he can do this, he can live and- and stay. Peter can have a future of his own.

  
    Chapter Text
    Elias reads Maxwell's letters and feels himself sigh, they are as forward as usual.The ones from Mooreland were completely unexpected, they were far more practical too, intentions, benefits. It's cold and concise, exactly what he expects of them. Their kingdom is closer too…His ring shines a bit more consistently, Jon is closer again, still far away, but a bit closer.Decisions and time.He makes a few drawings on the paper, eyes, a few ships and hearts. Silly stupid stuff, he knows he should focus, that he should start diving head on for a marriage proposal, but he keeps… hesitating. How could he not? All he wants to do is grab Peter by the lapels of his coat and pull him down to kiss him. To tell him he loves him and how much he wants to spend time with him. Not avoid him, not just ignoring him and only seeing him at dinner. All he wanted was to confess and yet-And yet!Closing his eyes he breathes in and out. Yet here he is, looking for a marriage candidate all in the hopes to appease his patron, to make sure that Pasha is safe.The punishment for failure…. he doesn't want to consider it.But even if he knows that, he is weak.He craves the other’s company, enough that when it becomes clear that Peter has started to avoid  him , Elias goes to chase him down himself. It 's stupid! He knows it is, he shouldn't be mad, by all means Elias started it all, but Peter!! Peter’s words about not cutting him or the others out were seared in his brain.Yet it seems he lied too.When he sees him he looks terrible. Gaunt and haunted, it makes him want to drag him to his room and let him sleep there, to have him close and safe from real and unreal enemies. Elias has his own nightmares too, about Peter dying, about him being replaced, about Pasha-It all wakes him up more often than not in a panic and when it happens he tries to  see . See Peter, see Pasha, but they aren't here, arent anywhere he is alone as he always-His friend hasn't kept eyes in his room ever since he found out he can see from them. The room Pasha is in has a portrait. He sees the table undisturbed.Elias is alone.So of course he caves when he sees him, Elias ends up breaking several promises he made to himself through the whole ordeal, but he had been so cold and miserable that he couldn't help to take what little he could. The nap, the… kisses to the neck. Because yes that's what he was aiming for.It was all for his own gain, at least that's what he tells himself, Peter… Peter let him, the man let him get away with it, he was pressing his ear to his chest and could hear his heart speed up. It made him want to go further, be more blunt.But he doesn't, he can't.He wins the dinners back, wins a date- because that's what Elias wants it to be- a trip on the ship even!!! He shouldn't, not by a long shot, but… until his life is changed by his possible marriage he can steal a few moments in between. Finally, he also wins seeing him sleep in the room while he works.Speaking of which, he stares at the peaceful face of the man passed out on the couch in front of his desk. He looks younger, unburdened.It won't last of course, the last three times he stayed Elias saw him wake up looking around with fear in his eyes, it's when he settles on him that turns to relief  and heartbreak and no matter how much he ponders why, he can't quite understand why.The other thing that stays in his mind is their talk about the cursed woman, it was such an inconsequential thing… yet to Peter it seemed to matter. Getting up Elias goes to where the other is sleeping and again steals another moment for himself tracing his fingers softly on his cheek.He hopes this never has to end.But life works differently and Elias' luck runs dry.He always got what he wanted albeit this time when there is something he can't bear to lose… it seems that his sins caught up to him and refused to give it to him. “I’m sorry Peter, I really am” It's not just Tim, Helen and Peter that chase him down, Rosie seems to have gotten bolder to his chagrin. His staff used to be terrified of him, yet now they all seem like they want to bully him despite Elias still having blackmail over their heads.Infuriating.They see him wear a flower crown once and his reputation goes down the drain, great.Great.“Sir-”“Rosie don't you have something else to do?” Elias sees her step her foot down annoyed.“Not right now, sir, what is it that I heard about marriage candidates? About Maxwell or… or receiving letters from Mooreland!” He has to admire the fact that somehow she got the info, when the only person he actively told was Peter and he knows the man would not go around telling people.“It means exactly that, I am looking for a husband….or wife depending on which child the queen in Mooreland offers” He knows vaguely that she has 3 daughters and 2 sons. One of the girls is the crown queen? So the other 4 are viable options.“Your majesty? What about Mr. Foster! I told you I can forge papers to make it look as if he were from court- you would have the support of the staff and-” Lifting a hand he stops her. “As much as I appreciate your efforts Rosie, I need someone of actual royalty. After the whole incident with the… changelings it became obvious that Gertrude is right, if i don't have a partner or an heir the kingdom would suffer. A political void is not good, even less after something so terrible” “...But you hate mister Rayner” Her face and tone are defensive.“I can learn to tolerate him if I have to. An ally would also be good in case of emergency and… it solidifies my position too” “That can't be it. Before this whole thing started you were considering letting me change Mr. Foster’s papers, you want to marry him” Clenching his jaw he grabs her arm and pulls her to a room.“Could you speak a little bit less loudly? God forbids the entire place hears you” Pulling her arm from his hand she steps back.“Why not? It's no secret to us you are fond of him, we see you, we know you are happy, happier than...ever. No one would be against it, is it really ally’s you want? Is that it? You would give it up for-” He has no mood for this.“Give up? There is nothing to give up Miss Zampano, it would also do you well to remember you position. I am still your king, Peter is my friend and it will remain as such”“What about Pasha? What happens when she wakes up?” Low blow, definitely a low blow, he manages and barely so to keep his face from crumpling at the mention of the changeling.“What about her?”Rosie looks at him, clearly trying to gauge his reaction.“Is she not your daughter too? How do you explain to her that you will marry someone else?” Breathing in and counting to ten he exhales and decides to be mean.“Nosy Rosie, got herself too caught up in the life of his king, I am sure you are bored out of your mind, it's not like you have anything better to do with your time. Pasha is not my child, Peter took her in, I just helped. As for what she feels? Well i can hardly know, her memories are practically gone, so i hardly think she will care as you say once she wakes up. What remains is a shadow of the little creature I looked after. Peter is a friend and it will stay as such, you will not interfere anymore or ask me anything else” And he smiled coldly at her shrinking shoulders “Unless you want me to mention the little side business you had, smuggling information and all that a few years ago...”Her face becomes white as a sheet.“Do not approach me with this again. Let the staff know to not interfere anymore, let us be, because I will not change my mind. I will never marry Peter, is that clear?” Mutely she nods and he leaves the room with a quick pace.The lies felt like acid on his stomach. The ships coming for the changelings took their time to come, there were a few issues back in Aella and Simon couldn't send them sooner. Daniel Stoker asked to be sent there with the changelings.They were in his tower, he was revisiting a few papers on his desk when the other approached with a careful knock.“I wish to look after them and help… help the people there to understand how to care about them” A remarkable attitude.“And your brother? What does he think about such noble thoughts?” The man hesitates.“Tim doesnt like it, it's been too little since we found each other but… I can't stay here. No offense, but the magic of this place… it aches. The children feel it too” Another hit to his heart, did Pasha feel sick being here? Did his own magic make her ill?Did he always have to ruin everything? With a confident smile that he did not really feel he nods.“If you and Tim agree then you are welcome to go with the children, I will feel better too, knowing they are not mistreated. Plus they will have someone who knows what they are doing and treating them well”Danny Stoker looks like his brother now that his shape has settled back, young and handsome, but with a tired smile and weightened eyes that if Tim’s recollections were to go by-He did not have before.“We talked about it… he doesn't like it much, but i promised to visit once things settle better and the kids are safe”“Well… they ships will come soon, i hope your journey is safe and to get a few letters about how it all goes” He hopes the other understands he is being dismissed, but as it is he remains in place.“I… gave Peter the journal with all the information regarding changelings caretaking, it has their growth, feeding habits… Everything you will need to know for when Pasha wakes up”Swallowing he nods.“Thank you Daniel that would be all” Finally he catches on and turns to go, albeit he stops right before crossing the door.“She loves you a lot, you know? Struggled all the way through to make sure you were safe when Nikola caught her” “Out please” He nods politely and goes.Once he sees him faraway via the portraits eyes on the hallways, Elias picks up the nearest blunt object he has and throws it against the wall shattering it on impact. “FUCK!” Breathing heavily his arms shake and he plops on his chair.She is alive, he made sure of it, to the cost of Peter, but she is.Everything feels like it wants to swallow him down, if he died would the deal still work? Would she suffer if he wasn't there to marry?Elias didn't want to die, but sometimes he can't help but to think about letting the fog Peter has, to swept him away. It wouldn't be such a bad thing. At least he wouldn't have to deal with all of this. Useless, he is just useless.He feels… like he has electricity going around his veins, like an unrest he can't quite fix. Ants under the skin. He is feeling caged in and with an excess of energy he doesn't know where to let out. He is angry-No Elias is furious, his life was completely turned around and he is being forced to conform, to lose what he wanted.Maybe it's the world telling him something, the kingdom or Peter and Pasha, he cant have both. It's one or the other and unfortunately someone else picked it for him. His patron was amused, he could feel it.Move, he needs to move and do something less he loses his mind, so with a quick pace he leaves the tower and walks across the castle.His face must be unhinged, because most people step back or turn around when they see him go. However, no matter how much he moves, the feeling doesn't go away. He ends up of course at the docks, Peter is throwing something to Opal who swims away to catch it. Elias watches for a bit still feeling like he wants to… do something, punch something or whatever.“Hi” Peter throws the… ball? Albeit not as far as before.“Wha- Elias?” When the other turns around towards him he sees him freeze up. Right he was probably making a face. With some effort Elias tries to smile a bit reassuringly, however it must come out as a grimace of sorts, since Peter winces at the sigh.“Are you- uh, did something happen? You look a bit…Not that is bad!! But you have that general menacing aura….” Peter starts to blabber and he is not really in the mood.“Shut up a second ok?” His mouth clics closer.A buzz of pleasant warmth at seeing him do what he says replaces even for a second the excess energy. Elias es wonder.“Peter… Do you mind coming closer?” It takes a few seconds to register, but he nods and walks the few paces needed to stand right in front of him. Elias looks up at him, he wants…Well, he wants many things and none of them he cant get, not really. Instead he focuses on Peter who looks like he wants to squirm in place at the attention. Yet he does not utter a word of complaint. Biting his lip he thinks about what to do.The sailor’s hair was getting a bit longer, curious about it he told him to lean down a bit. He does. The buzz of energy starts to go towards trying to figure out how far he can get him to do as he wants.Carefully he grabs a lock of hair and pulls it behind his ear. It suits him.“If you intend to let it grow you should probably tie it back a bit, it would look good on you, plus it won't fall over your eyes. They are quite nice to be hidden away” His face becomes a bit pink and even now he doesn't say a word.He smiles a bit more genuinely.“I was reminded of something unpleasant today. I would like to not think about it, would you help me?” And Peter lets out a short breath and nods at him. Good.Elias imagines grabbing his coat and pulling him down even more to kiss him.Instead he asks him to take him to the fairy land in the forest.“You can speak again, i just.. probably won't be good company” Peter hums a bit and goes to grab his hand.He interlaces their fingers, he is also wearing one of the pairs of gloves he gifted him for his birthday. Without another word he whisks him away.
  
  
In the forest, the weather is warm, an eternal spring or summer, however you would like to see it. They didn't talk on the way there, Peter was content to let him to his own thoughts, albeit when it became a bit too much and he squeezed his hand, Peter make a noise that he can interpret as-
   Calm down, I'm here. 
It works somewhat.They walk all the way to their usual tree, Peter catches him in the last step after jumping the rock to cross over. He lifts him up a bit and spins him before letting him stand on his own. His hand hovers over his waist.Elias wants.Smiling at him very cheekily, he holds his hand again and tugs him along with a laugh.“Hurry up Peter!” The other grins and laughs a bit.If he can steal moments like this, he thinks, a life with an arranged marriage won't be so bad. Flowers actually start to bloom in the grass of the small island behind their feet, petals from the tree fall in a pink rain that makes him look in wonder. It is quite beautiful.“Pretty huh?” Peter stands next to him and watches as well.“Yeah… definitely pretty” Elias doesn't see him look at him as he says that. Feeling far better he decides to be… a bit childish just this once. First he takes off his coat, it wont do with the weather being too warm. Peter looks at him and follows suit, albeit he keeps the fingerless gloves on. Shame, he likes his tattoos.With that done….He pushes Peter and runs off.“Bet you can't catch me sailor” He hears a gasp and soon it turns into laughter. “Oh i will take you up in that you Siren-” Elias runs and it feels great, all that energy he had goes towards trying to avoid Peter from grabbing him. The other might have longer legs, but he is far more nimble, so he always ends up slipping between his arms at the last moment. They must stay playing like that for a while, because he becomes tired and accidentally slips while trying to avoid being caught.Peter was moving towards him and couldn't stop from falling on top of him at the last moment.Elias is laying on a flower bed, the other used his arms to bracket his fall and not crush him. When he opens his eyes he sees Peter look down at him, basically pinning him to the ground. It was sunny, and a small breeze moved the other hair a bit, the petals started to actually fall slower around them, almost as if frozen in time. With a hand he picks one up right next to Peter cheek.His sailor was red on the face due to the exercise, he was still breathing hard, then Elias noticed that Peter was looking down at him with an odd expression on his face. Swallowing he drops the petal he caught and… carefully touches his cheek.“It seems I have fallen for you once again huh? What's up with catching me off guard so many times…..” He drifts off, his heart is beating like crazy and not due to the running. Peter is looking at him.Really looking.“You are so full of it, if i recall i was the one who fell first on the ship huh?” It takes a moment to parse the meaning. The snow fight, Elias fell on top of him.“Huh, it seems you did” “Yeah… i fell for-” Elias takes a breath. He would love to, from this moment, have Simon's magic camera and keep the picture of Peter with a halo of light  around him, while the flowers and pixies fly over their heads in the distance.He swears he looks a little bit more blue-…He does!!! His teeth were sharp again and he had a faint bluish flush.Elias was about to tease him, but he sees him move down a bit and-and.fuck the polen.Elias sneezes, he is not a heathen so he turns to the side.“Achiu!”“Pff-” The taller man snorts and soon starts to howl with laughter, dropping down on him in a heap, hiding his face on the crook of his neck.“Peter what the fu-”“You sneeze like a kitten” His face burns in indignation.He is not the first person to have told him that.His mother, Barnabas, Jonathan, Clara and Albrech insisted on it.“Sod off!!! Get off, out, out!! I hate you!” But he doesn't move, he just keeps laughing. Elias… starts to chuckle too, it was contagious, Peter never laughs so much.“You are the worst Peter-”“I know, i- pff, i know my sweet kitten” God- god his face burns so much, he should not like that nearly as much as he does. He tugs at his hair, but it makes Peter let out such a pleased noise that the two of them sort of freeze up.“Uhh” Peter is currently nonfunctioning, he is letting out a bunch of... chirps? That he can only translate into embarrassment. Elias is no better, perhaps he is worse because he just had several ideas of what he would like to do with what he figured out about the man.“That's ok, I'm sorry about that… wasn't my intent to-” He tries his best to apologize to the man, but Peter just bumps his head softly to the grass.“....” Elias is struck with how ridiculous they are being about it.“Heh, hehehe”“No, don't you dare, Elias-” He can't help it. In the end they are both just… relaxing like that, Peter lays on top of him sighing quietly at him playing with hsi hair and making a few small braids here and there, it's long enough he can manage now.From time to time he brushes his ears, they are definitely more pointy.“Did you feel better Lias?” Nodding he stays quiet “Good”“Did you have fun at least? I did steal you from playing with Opal, i should probably get her some delicious fish” And it takes a while for him to reply, but Elias is in no hurry.“I did, I never got to do that. Play around i guess” It's so sad.His hand stays still for a bit, then he starts to brush his hair, Peter lets out a few content sounds.“Well i'm happy to help”“Yeah… definitely helped me fill my list of things to do” The paper.“If you have something you want to do let me know” Peter doesn't answer outright and that's ok.  It must be another hour, before the other talks again, this time he brushes his lips against his neck in a parallel to the time before at the tower. Elias swallows.“You promised me a dance at the ball” Almost like a kiss, god what he wouldn't give for him to take to his throat with wild abandon.“I did, didn't i?” Peter's smile is pressed right over his jugular. He wants to laugh for some reason.Nerves?Probably.“You did, I was worried… you were going to go back on your promise… what with Maxwell coming over” It sours it a bit, god it does. But Peter moves a bit and that is out of the window.“I-” A small bitter sound, he doesn't like it, it doesn't fit- A light press of inhuman teeth.Oh fuck.Oh good lord.His blood is thrumming.“I thought so” No.“I promised, how could I break that? We will dance at the- the ball” Its quiet, unnaturally so, between the flowers he can see a light fog rise.“Peter?”“I'm glad, you have no idea how much i am happy to hear that E-lie-as” Somehow, somehow he feels like at some point his roles reversed a bit and he doesn't know how to deal with it. With a shaky voice he says a very soft yes.“Yes what?” … God he doesn't know does he? He just-“I don't-'' Finally Peter lifts up his face and stares at him down with a smirk.It fits his face far too well and it also does things to him he can't quite say.He is definitely looking less human, but it's a beautiful sight. His freckles are like the stars during the night, silver and shiny, the blue flush was definitely endearing. His eyes were shining softly, and it was all directed at him.As if he was the most interesting thing he has seen.When Peter looks at him it feels like he is being treasured and wanted.Elias cant believe he thought the first time that he looked even remotely scary. Peter looks just as handsome as ever.“I dont know”“What a novelty that must be huh?” Smug bastard. Elias face burns and he pushes him aside.“Hush”“Your wish is my commend your majesty” The cheeky bastard grabs his hand and kisses his wrist. He fucking wants to roll on top of him and show him a lesson. Peter makes him a flower crown again, albeit this time Elias makes his own as well and gifts it to him too.“Care to help me put it on?” Nodding at him, Elias places it carefully over his head. A few stray flowers on it bloom.“I can't believe this is why you always had petals or flowers around you. Is that why animals like you too?”“...Yes” He looks very embarrassed and it is very adorable.“Oh don't be like that you looked very cute”“C-cute!! I'm not cute, I think I stopped being anything resembling cute when I hit puberty” Snorting he shakes his head.“Peter you are adorable” He blushes up to his ears, proving his point. Biting his lips Elias tries to not laugh.“Shut up, if anyone is- is cute it's you. In… a sort of evil way, but absolutely adorable, why could I just- could… uhm” “Yes? You could what Mr. Foster?” Peter hesitates but puts the flower crown on his head, his hand goes to his jaw and lightly touches it.“Could do this” Elias doesn't have time to react fully, but Peter kisses his forehead unexpectedly.“See? Adorable” He whispers while being merely inches away from his skin, after a beat he moves away.“Haha, so yes you are very adorable Lias” Taking a deep breath he turns and hugs his arm.“E- did, i'm sorry i wasn't trying to- '' Whoever he marries, could not compare. But, maybe he can just… cheat a bit.Its not like it would be a marriage of love. Still he just enjoys the warmth, he doesn't want to drag Peter down with him, let alone force him to do something he doesn't want. Back at the cold real world Peter wraps up his scarf over Elias neck.“Return it later at dinner ok?” Nodding he says goodbye.He takes out the crown the moment Peter is out of sigh and hides it under his clothes carefully.
  
  
In his tower there are two new letters waiting for him on his desk. The dark wax seal is a dead give away of the first one. The second one has an air of loneliness. 
   Dear Elias. 

   Why, am I excited to finally see each other at the ball. I am also glad you have taken my offerings at last. I am sure we can make a nice arrangement. 

   I do find you very capable and handsome, what a wonderful combination. You have an extraordinary mind, albeit your pursuit of the all seeing one magic is… something to be said, I commend it. 

   Not everyone wants to be in the spotlight like you, if you ever feel too trapped I would never mind offering you the cover of the dark. Its embrace will keep you safe from any prying eyes. 

   I do wish you would agree to come by… it would be nice to see you sooner. 

   But i can wait, it is after all just a few months. 

   Yours Maxwell Rayner. 
 Reading it tiredly, the joy he had during the afternoon slips between his fingers like water.The second one is... 
   Your Majesty. 

   I am willing to let one of my sons send correspondence to you. Whether he wishes to pursue this possible marriage is up to him and you. Aaron is the second prince, and I believe he is your age, so I feel it fitting to let you talk. 

   My oldest son showed interest and wished to reciprocate, however he has fallen rather ill and we are unsure if he will improve. 

   Queen Anna Katherine Lukas. 
 Far more than he expected. Its still bleak, but he has a better shot at not hating his life if he marries the Lukas man, than with Maxwell.Life goes on and the clock keeps moving.Decisions and time.
  
    Chapter Text
    Aaron Lukas is fun, has a nice sense of humor and he's actually a perfectly good gentleman.He is still not who he wants.Maxwell is a creepy asshole and is most definitely not who he wants either.The actual recipient of his feelings is holding his hand and dragging him on a date in the town, not that Peter knows it is a date. He takes him to eat at Miriams and than they go to several different shops because as long as they hold hands no one gives a second look to their king walking around with a stranger who smiles at him and makes him laughs at his stupid puns.No one watches him squeeze Peter’s hand or kiss his cheek when he calls him something sweet. The man is flustered and he sees him grin at him with sharp teeth.When he asks why he can see it now-“I think… that when I ate the food Nikola gave me and I used the magic to phase through the bars I might have done something wrong” Carefully Elias plays at holding his face and looking him over.“....You seem fine to me a bit blue on the face but it has its charm, your freckles turn silver so it's like watching a beautiful night sky” To prove his point Peter blushes blue.It is of course confirmed that not everyone can see it.When asked, Tim says that Peter blushed  normally.Danny before he goes away-The ship finally came by to take all the changelings with, Daniel said goodbye to his brother and promised to come back once he manages to help the kids settle in. Elias knows because he managed to spy on them. Peter calls him out on it later when he mentioned.“Voyeur”“Hush you”-says that he looked blue, to his brother’s dismay.“I want to be able to see it too!” Tim kept whining about wanting to perceive the forbidden colors and how unfair it was that he only got to see Peter be blue just the once “I wasn't even paying that much attention to it, kinda worried about dying and all that”“Shame on you Mr Stoker, shame on you” Elias was very smug at being the only one to catch onto it, Gertrude could too of that he was sure, but he doesn't want to think about her. Timothy groaned and pouted at them.“Well…. at least I got a smooch out of the whole thing, I mean if your majesty wants another one…?” Horrible man!! Peter shoves Tim and they start to wrestle a bit while Elias stalks off. Horrid, see if he helps him again. The point is that only those with higher magical abilities or a deal with a fae could see it.“I mean it's kind of freaky plus i have found out i can see a bit more than usual too and that is… weird” They were sitting by the main fountain in town, they had been walking for a while now.“How come more?” That sounds interesting, even Elias with his sigh can't perceive most supernatural things all the time.“You look odd sometimes too, I get a few flashes of it. Tim is beginning to also have a few… weird aspects, i can perceive Helen better which in her case means she looks even more messed up” That is news to him.“How odd do I look?” It takes him a bit to answer.“Your hair color is a mix of blonde and auburn. Plus there are like… drawings of floaty eyes around your head? Kind of like a crow I think. They are kind of cute” He felt a bit sick at the description, remembering the time with Barnabas, that was until the last bit registered in his mind.“What? What do you mean cute?” At that Peter pokes his cheek.“They look like cat’s eyes, so sometimes the pupils get very round or turn into a slit, it is charming. Still i don't see them often to be honest, i merely get an overlap of your face looking a bit odd plus the hair changing. I try to not perceive it and it works most of the time so i'm happy, i like your face” Elias lifts an eyebrow and Peter flounders.“I mean that you have a nice face, a pretty one- you uh” That makes him flush and turn elsewhere. Before he would have teased him, would have flirted back-But Elias can't do that anymore.“Thank you” Peter looks at him with a small blush and he can't help but to feel the burning desire to tell him.To answer back.Its not meant to be. When they finish relaxing Peter coaxes him to go check the church, he offers his hand and tugs him away. The thing is….The last two times he came here were with Jane and with Pasha to look for Peter after the whole fiasco with his sister. He can't help but to feel a bit helpless at being there.The church and the tunnels were a proof of his weakness, of things lost. This time as they make their way through its the taller man that guides them there, that talks about things to keep him entertained, that… gives him a look that makes his heart beat faster. Peter looks at him now like…Like he wants him.And oh isn't it a shame.That when he does Elias merely cannot reciprocate anymore. Cannot fall into what he had wanted with a burning passion? Life isn't fair. Finally they arrive and go up to the bell tower, Peter must realize how quiet he is because he nudges him.“It will be ok” Elias merely shrugs.“Can't help it, last time I was here it was with…” When the man stops and turns to him, Peter uses both hands to hold his own.“I wish that your last memory here wasn't with Jane, i really do, i'm sorry that happened you have no idea-” “It wasn't your fault,i was the one who got… caught up in all of it” His companion seems agitated.“But I didn't help! I… didnt help you and I almost could have lost you” God.Elias looks at him and Peter has a honestly concerned look.Swallowing, he shakes his head.“You saved me in the end, Tim and Helen defended the castle…. it all ended well” “It did... “ Peter trails off and looks even if quick downwards to his mouth. Elias' smile wobbles and he moves away, releasing his hand from his grip and climbing the stairs.Better to not think about it.
  
  
They talk, they look at the town, its… ok, the memories of being here feeling miserable eat at him, but when he becomes too quiet Peter drags him back to the present. It works, as much as it can.“You know… now that I think about it we kind of match!” Elias, who was looking at the towers of the castle, turns to him in question.“What do you mean?” Peter pats his side.“I got kind of stabbed and… so did you! Albeit in the opposite side i think” What a-Snorting he starts to laugh a bit.“What kind of line of thought-?”“Hey! It was just an idea!”“Yeah- hahaha- a very odd one” God its very stupid and he cant help himself.“Oh hush…” It takes a bit but Elias calms down, once he does he is left wondering about it.“Does it… does it hurt?” Peter seems to be a bit indecisive.“Not as much, it kind of itches i will admit that… to be honest? it hurts to think more how i got it than the actual wound itself now”Pasha.“Oh” They stay quiet.“Does… yours bother you?” The answer to that is kind of complicated.“Pain wise? Not much really. On a more emotional level however? Yes, its… proof of how easy it was to fall for the fog and the rot’s influence, to make me even worse”“It didn't-” Elias holds his hand up.“We had this conversation multiple times already, i am, i am if given the chance prone to toxic behaviour and usually? I don't care”“...But you did care” He-“I did, I do care, it's why I know eventually I will do it again, I can't quite help myself when it comes to-” You.“To the people I care about” Peter hesitates but places his hand on his shoulder.“I told you i would stop you if you did it again” “And so I would you, mister, isolating myself when things go wrong!” Groaning Peter shoves him a bit.“It's a defense mechanism!”“Yes, to keep yourself hidden away, i know i don't have a leg to stand on for this, but by all means locking yourself out and not telling anyone how you feel is not going to help you at all” Elias knows that deeply.“It just makes you worse, makes you feel like you are walking on a fog and that nothing will be better ever again…” Elias knows he has no way to preach this, when he himself doesn't follow it.“Look who's talking” Peter sounds annoyed and ok, fine, that's fair.“I mean it! I know I don't do it! But you are even worse than me. I mean- do you think the cursed couple would have been able to get together and break up the curse if they werent honest with their feelings?” Peter seemed a bit shaken, but Elias was not done ranting so he didn't pay him much mind.“Like i get it ok? Feelings are hard, god do i understand that very much, but there is a point where you just want… where it feels like it just wants to spill from your mouth you know? Like if you said something it would feel like you got a weight out of your chest!-” He starts to pace.“And- and maybe maybe you want nothing more than to say what you think or feel, but- but outside forces don't let you” His shoulders sag and he rubs his eyes tiredly.“Maybe you were ready to do it, but are told you cannot for someone else's sake… I think I lost where I was going with this, sorry. My point… my point is that if you want to talk to me i… will I hear you out? And i will try… to not push you out so much, but Peter i have a limit and when i find a marriage candidate-”“Elias?” The man stands in front of him and Elias tries to not spiral down again, he really went off the rails there.“When I marry we will have to change things up a bit, I don't want my spouse to be upset… at least for the first few months, maybe i can figure out something that works and-”“Elias!” “What? What Peter!” Peter holds his arms and stares him down.“I-” He sees him swallow and his face looks almost pained.“I just-” Something ticks at the back of his brain.“Yes…?” But whatever thing Peter was about to say gets interrupted by the sound of someone talking.“Hello?” It sounded vaguely familiar, but he couldn't pinpoint why, a woman’s voice. Peter however looks terrified.“Pe-” Covering his mouth, Elias sees the world suddenly become gray, a washed out version of the room they are in, the place gets filled with fog.“We have to go now” Peter really looks scared.Peter almost never looks scared.“What? Why what is wrong who is-”He hushes him and they see-A shade walk in? It resembles a woman but she has no definitive features, she seemed like an amorphous blob. Albeit he noticed a smell of burnt wood following her. Elias doesn't say anything, merely follows Peter who gives her a wide berth and escapes by the staircase, as they descend he sees another shape down waiting.This one looked vaguely male.Peter holds his hand and narrowly avoids colliding with it.“Cla have you seen anything?” Who is he-“No, but it is colder than it should… a bit damp too, do you think-?” Before he could listen to more he was pulled away. The man figure shivers as they pass and turns back to where they are.Elias' heart seizes, for a moment he feels as if the man could see where they were, but soon notices him shaking his head as if confused. “Peter-?” They are by the town now, Peter has a mixed look of being in pain and livid.His hold over his hand is almost starting to hurt.“Peter, you are hurting me a bit” That has him relax his hold.“I'm sorry” Eventually they both stopped. The entire world is still in a grayscale, the townspeople unlike the other two arent even shades. Merely the outline of what a person looks like.Elias can hear the sea and smell the salt even if they aren't anywhere near the beach.“...Those were..?”“My siblings, i don't want to talk about it” Oh not this again.“Sort of defeats what i told you early Peter, you can trust m-”“I can’t” Elias is quiet and he feels...“Not with this I mean… I do trust you. But I just…. it hurts ok? I thought it wouldn't, that i could If i had to… that i could just ....” Peter trails off and he sees his shoulders hunch up upwards. He is still giving him his back.“I was very stupid like usual”“No, no… you arent, you arent stupid”“I am, very much so. It's like… you know how you told me about that friend you… erased memories from? How you can't really bring yourself to see him? It's… like that, I can't. Even if i…. I do trust you Elias, I do. I just don't want to- i can't! God im so stupid and i never have the words i want” Peter rubs his face and he is left a bit adrift at what to say.“I am very dumb i know i am! I was only good to anyone because i was just quiet and too obedient, not really that smart to begin with…heh, i still make the worst decisions because i'm an idiot”“Ok, that's enough, you don't, if you did make the wrong choices? I would be dead. You would have left me to my own devices, left me to Annabelle, left me to Jane to any other thing-! You are fine ok? You're ok”“You arent stupid, just weird and honestly? By now I can accept Helen's idea that we are team freaks. None of us are normal by any standards, even without magic, I like to spy on people to get blackmail. Tim is scarily good at getting info by being charming, Helen- god help her- You… you are prone to isolate yourself… but you do come through in the end, you are nice to animals and magic creatures because-”“Because they are easier to understand than humans and can't really judge you” Well-“Thats one way to put it but point is you arent stupid, you have different knowledge, different skills, you arent wrong. If you are so am i, so is Tim, Helen and- and Pasha” Peter finally turns towards him, his face is pale and he looks miserable. He pokes the other’s chest and his finger almost passes right through him. Peter shivers, but Elias feels cold. It felt wrong somehow.“So yes, calm down please, its not the end of the world” Nodding the other smiles a bit, not nearly as happy as a few hours before, but its something.“Ok, thank you”“You have me to watch over you thank the deities that may be” That finally relaxes him.“My shining lighthouse, guiding me back huh?” Elias flushes and offers his hand, this time he is the one holding Peter’s to guide him back home. During the first part of the trip back it kept oscillating between solid and intangible. So he interlaces their fingers.That has him become fully solid.Elias knows, Elias suspects and Elias agonizes over not accepting what is being given freely.Why.Why did Peter seem to start falling for him now?
  
  

   Dear Elias 

   Your last letter was very disappointing! I expected a bit more from you, but I reckon it's expected. You are keeping your heart closely hidden, something I can appreciate. 

   Again my proposal to visit my kingdom is open to you. 

   I would love nothing more than to show you all the changes that Manuela has brought forth, she has the most creative mind and has in fact helped the land to grow. She is a remarkable woman and i'm sure you two would love to talk about all the inner workings. 

   I know you are a curious man, I respect that quite a lot. 

   I hope this letter finds you well, I hope you like my gifts. 

   I would love to see you wear it at the ball. Maybe I even bring my own bottle of wine to share between us. I would really like to drink with you and talk face to face. 

   All his regards King Maxwell Rayner. 
 
   Dear Elias 

   I'm sorry my last letter was so short, I was a bit preoccupied with my brother’s health, it seems like he withers away every time and its… upsetting. He has a family curse attached to him and no one seems to know how to help him. 

   Regardless, I wanted to know how you are! We don't really get news about other kingdom’s often. Or well, the only one who does get them is the queen, but she is not prone to share. 

   A bit of a bummer if you ask me. 

   So! Anything you would like to share would I love to read about. 

   With kind regards Prince Aaron Lukas 
 ….       ….                ……       …..…..Time passses quick.The weather gets warmer and the land starts to feel much more lively, or at least to him Elias hates the winter on principle.With a sigh he checks his messages and finds a letter from the Queen of Mooreland, not unexpected, but a bit odd.When he opens it, he is surprised to see that she has responded to the annual ball invitation he sent months ago. 
   We shall send one of our court members as representative, the prince is ill and cannot participate. 

   Queen Anna Katherine Lukas. 
 The letter is definitely an oddity, but it is nice to know that someone will come. Although he wonders about the prince's comment, Aaron said that his brother was sick, which does not explain why he can't come.Unless his health is worse than the man claimed and he has to stay in case he passes.The second thing was that the handwriting was a bit more sharp but again that can be merely explained away as the woman not feeling quite well with her child most likely dying. The letter has the same family crest as the other 3 she sent before and despite that particular details the words and phrasing were very much in the same vein.A very cold woman who merely accepted an invitation and is having a bad time most likely.Well, he will prepare one more chair he supposes. Mmm… it should not be close to Simon, but it should be close to Elias since he is trying to court the prince despite him not being there.Well, the Lukas never come so with that in mind having them close could be explained away as a guest of honor in some way?Yes, that sounds about right. He doesnt mention it to Peter, the man was already grumbling about Maxwell, this surely will have him do something dumb. So he keeps it to himself instead. Elias goes through the secret hallways, he wants to grab a few books from the forbidden section he has, he steadily tries to ignore any curiosity regarding the tunnels.They were sealed, that was the end of it.No more entrance to the tunnels.….Then again he wouldn’t be himself if he didnt check.When he arrives he has to shiver a bit, the place was colder due to the weather, being underground didn't help, the only thing it did was set him on edge by making him remember the fog inside it. The entrance door was very much covered still, despite Breekon and Hope being Nikola’s little servants, they did a remarkable job closing it up.He stares at it for a few more minutes, just… taking it in. He is so glad this was solved, one of his many problems solved. The ring in his finger shone intermittently and very slowly. So at least Jon won't complicate things for a bit longer.With a sigh he gives it a last look and tries to walk away, however something in his periphery makes him stop.When he looks at the door directly he doesn't see anything.When he quickly turns he sees something shimmer.…Elias touches the brick wall covering it up, it is solid, there is no doubt of that, but then… what is that he keeps seeing through the corner of his eye?He tilts his head and looks at it from all directions, but there is nothing, it's only when he is about to turn around quickly that he sees something shine around it.Tapping his feet on the ground he tries to figure out what it means. Elias tries a few spells to uncover glammors, to show the reality behind it.However they didn't do anything, whatever was causing that wasn't an illusion.He asks his patron then.It only sends him as an answer-
   Leftover magic, recent one. 
… Someone enchanted the door?
   Y E S 
Oh shit-In the end he spends two hours trying to figure out how to open it with magic, when that fails he goes to get something heavy to break it down.It literally bounces off the wall and gets stuck on the wall behind him with the force of the strike.“Uhhhh” That is bad, that is very bad.Someone has full access to the tunnel, but prevents him from going in.He asks his patron but gets hit with amusement that makes him grind his teeth.“You already forced me into an awful situation just for fun, the least you can do is give me a better hint!”
  O H POOR BABY 

  D O Y O U K N O W W H A T I O W E Y O U ?

  N O T H I N G

  B UT I AM G E TT I N G B O R E D O F WAI T ING 

  A N D I D O N O T L I K E T HE O T H E R O N E

  A D E A L T H E N
His body is already tightly coiled; his last deal left him looking for a husband already.“Let me hear it, i will see if i agree or not”
  OH IT'S NOT AS BAD

  JUST FIND THE HEART OF THE TUNNELS

  I HAVE SOMETHING TO GIVE YOU THERE
“What?” There is no answer, but he is left reeling a bit, the… heart of the tunnel? The place used to be a prison right? The center of it? “I just need to find it? Is there a time limit?”
   YES JUST FIND IT, I WILL GIVE YOU UNTIL THE LAST DAY OF THIS YEAR, ALBEIT THAT IS MORE SO YOU DONT PROCRASTINATE ON IT, YOU WILL SUCCEED BEFORE THEN DON'T WORRY

  JUST FOLLOW MY LEADS ;) 
He has a headache now and somehow despite the entity not having a physical shape he kept getting the impression it was winking at him conspiratorially“Why now? Why all of this!!”
  BORED, STAGNANT, YOU BECAME A FIXTURE

  HOWEVER…. THINGS HAVE CHANGED YOU ARE FAR MORE ENTERTAINING TO WATCH NOW THAT YOU CARE.

  WHEN HUMANS CARE THEY DO TWO THINGS

  BECOME BORING AND SELFLESS OR…. THEY BECOME SELFISH AND WILLING TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES FOR THOSE WHO THEY LOVE

  EVEN HURT OTHERS

  THE WOMAN IS MORE FIRE THAN EYE BUT SHE ALSO LACKS CARING, THE OTHER ONE CARES TOO DEEPLY AND ITS BORING YOU…

  YOU CARE SO MUCH THAT YOU WOULD BURN EVERYTHING FOR THOSE YOU LOVE

  IS EXCITING TO SEE!!

  SO I THOUGHT ABOUT GIVING YOU SOMETHING YOU WANTED
“You took away my chance to get what I wanted!!!”
  OH I DID YOU A KINDNESS TO BOTH OF YOU

  OR MAYBE NOT 

  SISTER SAYS I'M NOT GOOD AT PLANNING, AT… WEAVING A PATH, BAH, SHE CANNOT SEE WHAT IS IN FRONT OF HER.  TOO WORRIED ABOUT WHAT WILL BE.

  NOW DO YOU ACCEPT MY TERMS?
And… Elias has always been curious“Fine, I will find the heart of the prison if you help me open this door!”
  G O O D

  DRAW A COVERED EYE ON THE WALL
Elias was about to complain saying that with what, but he is directed to look behind him and move a brick from the wall.Chalk.When he finishes drawing the chalk disappears and the door moves.
  GOOD LUCK ;) ;) ;)
He sighs and decides to look first for his map, he will need to start updating it again.He puts everything as it was, the door eventually closes again blocking the path once more.His life is a bloody nightmare.
  
  

  OH IF YOU HAVE MORE OF THOSE DREAMS WITH THE SAILOR I CAN SAVE THEM UP FOR LATER WHEN YOU ARE ALONE I'M JUST SAYING 

  IM KINDA STARTING TO LIKE THIS WHOLE HUMAN COURTSHIP THING

  PLUS HONESTLY I FIND IT INTERESTING YOU BOTH HAVE SIMILAR FANT-
Elias was in the middle of talking with some people from the court when he almost choked to death.“Sir??”“Are you alright! Do you need a medic-!”No!! He needs his patron to not be a vouy-
  OH?? 
Oh my god.
  ;) ;) ;) 
Oh my god is this what everyone feels when he pries their heads open?
  
  
Matters dont help when after a few weeks Peter gets him to go and spend the day with him on the ship, the weather was definitely warmer. Elias and Peter end up mock fighting and because his life is a joke he slips and drags the other down with him. They end up in a heap on the floor groaning.“Why do you keep making me fall for you little man?” Elias can't explain the things that a simple comment does to his brain, he can't. He only can enjoy Peter lifting himself up a bit and looking down at him while sitting over his waist.Elias' mind conjures up several scenarios that he should only think about on his own private moments. “I don't know, at this point i think you don't mind falling for me so much if it keeps happening huh? You would just let me go on my own otherwise” Peter hand goes to touch his cheek, Elias face burns at the touch.“Aw who would keep you company otherwise and make you look less silly then?” “We are alone Peter” The man’s eyes soften up.“Just like I like!” Elias swallows and breathes in and out slowly, neither moves. Stolen moments is all he will have.“Just you and me then?” Peter nods and caresses his cheek.“Yup”“Peter…” So many reasons why he shouldn't do anything.“Yes little Siren?” So little time. I love you.“Can you move? I want to get up” The small bubble bursts and Peter looks almost disappointed.Elias is tired and angry….At his patron, at himself, at Pasha… at Peter for finally doing what he wanted him to, but too late.Always too late.“Yeah… I'm sorry. Do you want… Do you want to play some cards?” It's a peace offering and a distraction that he takes with no issue. Better than the alternative.
  
  

    Dear Jonathan…  

   Jonathan Fanshware 

   I think you will call me an idiot, or more like I know you would. Besides cursing me out and telling me how much you don't want to see me, if you remembered anyways. 

   Point is, you would call me a bloody idiot and call me out for my many mistakes. 

   The main one probably would be my choice of tying myself to a fae, secondly to keep getting myself entangled with its powers by accepting more deals. 

   Thirdly would be for me not being a bit faster at confessing. 

   Yes, yes i know i am always bold, but when you have a position of power- 

   No, no that's a lie, I was afraid of rejection, because for the first time in…. a long time I did want something and I was afraid of losing it. And in the end I still will lost it due to my own hubris. 

   Or maybe not, something I believe you would commend me for would be being selfless enough to save Pasha. 

   But the truth is even that wasn't born out of full selflessness. Peter would have hated me if I hadn't tried, and I was also… afraid still. 

   Of rejection, of losing this tiny wonderful creature that… seemed to love me without any kind of barrier. 

   So yes, I'm still a bastard good riddance. 

   My point is, I don't know what to do anymore Jonathan. I really don't. 

    Your friend  

   Elias Bouchard. 
 He goes to explore the tunnels alone again and yes, he is aware that its a very stupid choice considering last time.But-He doesn't intend to do it alone all the time, he just wants to check something first. The map he has is fairly consistent, however hallways have moved away, walls have appeared out of nowhere.The magic there quite literally changed the place down into a maze.The way to the center of the prison was not complicated, not in the original design.Which probably means-That it is now a mess to get there, case in point, the hallway he was supposed to go through to get there? Filled with cobwebs. And not in the small ones hanging from the ceiling no.Cobwebs that acted as a literal wall and seemed thick enough that if he sank his hand he was worried he would not be able to pull it out. The moment he hears scuttling he bolts back to the entrance.Yeah no, he is not going that way for sure. Besides his patron said to follow his signs, that means there must be another way. The weaver had taken home there therefore that is not the right pathway for him, he should find something of the all knowing then. Elias wrote a letter to Simon, he was a bit… worried for the old man, he made a weird comment regarding Titania being ill that set him on edge. The king claims that she will recover but that he is a bit busy looking after her.So he asks about what happened, a primordial fae getting sick…That is quite the oddity. As for Peter…. Elias decides to tell him about the new opening and deal with finding the center of the place.“Are you mad?!?” He expected that answer, they were walking in town, albeit in a foggy version of it now.“Quite possibly, i never said i wasn't”“You- you!!” Peter paces and Elias watches him a bit enamoured.“You want to give me a heart attack” Rolling his eyes he snorts.“Oh don't be such a dramatic”“Hey! My family has a congenital heart disease, by all means you could kill me” He is unsure if the man is joking or not.“...They… do?”“Yes, albeit its not the main cause of death in our family history” That raises questions and red flags.“Main cause of death?? Peter if there is something you would like to tell me-” The man pinches the bridge of his nose and takes a few seconds to answer.“No, not really, I'm fine. Look, don't change the conversation, you told me how you wanted those tunnels closed, to forget about them!! And now you make a deal and start exploring them because… someone else was going in?? We established that there was someone living there, that your general was likely helping them!” He hates being scolded as if he was a dumb child.“Yes well! I thought that locking the place was enough, turns out someone went behind my back to still use the place. Now, I need help to find this heart of the prison. Do you mind helping me up or not? I can ask Tim otherwise, I'm sure he would love to come with me alone down there-” Peter shakes his head.“Nope! I never said I wasn't going to help you, just that you are insane” Elias grins and laughs a bit at him.“Oh i'm sure, but you like that about me otherwise you wouldn't stay” And Peter gives him a loaded look that has him turn elsewhere.Elias keeps forgetting himself.“Elias…”“Will you come with me?” The man offers him his hand. With a sigh he takes it and gets up from the fountain.“Of course” Elias releases it once done and moves towards Miriam's place.“Lets go get something to eat”“...of course”Elias has just one more month before the ball. Before the end of the year, he has to succeed.
  
    Chapter Text
    The search in the tunnels is difficult, clues are hard to come by. They do find some small eye carvings on the walls, they feel familiar, almost like his brand of magic, so he knows they must belong to his patron. But it takes time to find them and not get lost in the maze. Especially because the deeper they go following those directions the more magical traps they find. Which wouldn't be such a big issue-If they weren't becoming more and more deadly as they go forward.One that they actually found that he carefully, very carefully disabled was a fire magic spell. If activated it would burst the place in flames in an explosion that would start to slowly consume the entire tunnel system. When they realized what it was, both he and Peter froze in place.It took him hours to painstakingly seal it. As long as there isn't any fire magic around to spark the power on again it should be fine. Still it was a very close call among many others more. It was almost as if the closer they got to the heart of the tunnels the bigger the danger was. As if it was trying to keep people away from it.“We should head back Elias, it's been hours and we had to avoid like 12 traps today.” Peter was leaning against the wall, looking exhausted, something which made him feel guilty. Elias has been dragging him to the tunnels to explore for the past week to get closer to his goal. He bites his lip and turns around quickly marking the path on the map and putting warnings for any danger. Every part they comb and clean from danger lets them move faster on the next day. “Agreed. Perhaps we should rest tomorrow, better to not be too tired in these conditions. We really don't need to mess up” Once he writes everything down he puts the map in his pocket and turns towards Peter with a tired smile.“Shall we?” The man nods and they get to walk back. Beside these explorations he has been busy with the final preparations for receiving the royalty of the other kingdom’s.They would arrive a few days before the ball and stay 3 more days after it before returning so they could celebrate the new year in their respective lands. It is supposed to be a relaxing time for the visiting monarchs, but a nightmare for the host. Since he will have to cater to all the… extreme and odd customs.He hates it, he likes to catch up and maybe find some weaknesses to exploit, the reason why he is not that well liked among most rulers, but its such a pain in the ass to do this whole charade.Decorations and food have all started to arrive, the staff is starting to prepare the rooms for the guests, things are just moving along and he has to oversee it while checking things down here, its a headache inducing nightmare.And the worst part.The absolute worst is that he has to play nice with Maxwell, which sets wrong with him, but with any luck maybe it can be good. Maybe he is content with just a marriage of convenience and lets him do his own thing. …Wishful thinking never gives him what he wants.Elias also needs to needle out information from the representative from Mooreland too, which is another whole set of issues that he doesn't want to think too deeply on. As they walk the light starts to dim until they enter a dark patch. Elias cannot see anything but as it has been proven earlier, Peter merely holds his hand and guides him safely.Between the darkness he can see the glow of his eyes and his silver freckles, they are very pretty like this.“Do I have anything on my face?” Shit- he caught him staring.“No, I can't even see you. I was merely appreciating your eyes for a bit, they glow you know? Not something i get to see very often” For a moment nothing changes then he gets to see a bit of shiny blue under the freckles.“Are- are you blushing? I think I can see it!” He uses his free hand to try and touch his cheek but Peter bats it away.“No! No I'm not. Stop that! Elias cmon, i want to go back now, stop touching my face i can't-” It's more glowy and he cant help to grin, Peter is blushing!“Oh my god this is so cute, you look adorable”“Shut up! I'm not adorable” The faint glow becomes more visible and he can't help but laugh.“You say that and yet, you have the most handsome and cute face ever” They don't stop moving, but he feels as if something shifts somewhat in the mood. “...Sorry, that was a bit…” Immediately he tries to backpedal, he is not supposed to do this anymore, he is an idiot.“Its fine, Elias, it truly is” Peter’s thumb rubs his hand and Elias stays quiet. God he is an idiot, he wants so badly to just… say what he wants. What he keeps on thinking.Yet that is not to be.
  
  
Later, much later, he is at his tower looking at some papers to approve some requests for the ball, when he gets a knock on the door, he quickly checks with the eye carved on it and sees its Rosie.He gets a spike of regret, ever since he talked with her regarding Peter and Maxwell she has been keeping herself at bay. Only offering polite comments and doing her work. Elias misses her wit and gossip talks.But he burned that bridge, like every last one in his life. The eternal self sabotager.“Enter please” She quickly enters and steps inside. “Yes Rosie? What did you need?” Her face remains impassive and out of… regret and respect he refuses to see what she is thinking.“I was checking the rooming, is there really going to be a delegate from Mooreland coming? Also, where exactly should I put him? Close to Simon’s room I suspect” He nods at the first part of her comment.“I received a letter from the queen, so yes we have to prepare. As for the latter part of your question… somewhere a bit more isolated. Aella and Mooreland are no longer allies. I suspect putting them together might be a… bit of a mistake.” That would be an understatement.Her face shows a bit of surprise at the idea, which is fair. Those two kingdom’s had been in cahoots since Simon became king almost 500 years ago.“Oh, well, I will see what I can do, your majesty.” He wants to say sorry, but it's not truly in his nature to do so. Instead he asks her a favour.“Wait, one more thing Rosie, speaking of the delegate, since it's their first time here I need someone to show them the place. I trust that you are up to the task, no one knows the grounds quite as well as you. Plus we need to gain their favour, so? Please try to make a great impression” He sees her hesitate, Elias sighs this is what he gets for being the way he is.“If you don't want to, I can ask someone else, it's your choice. I won't force you” That snaps her back a bit and she nods.“I will, I have no issue sir, I will try my best to impress them for the good of the kingdom” And in any one else it would seem as a reassurance. But Elias knows she is taking a dig at him.“Good, that will be all Rosie… have a good day” She stands there for a few seconds and he wonders if she will speak out again, yet after a beat her shoulders slump and she goes away.Once the door closes he rubs his eyes and looks outside the window.So many things are going wrong and it's his own doing. At night he visits Pasha.The room looks exactly as it always does, the table and the crystal are both in place. The little creature stuck inside is unchanged, she is still gone.In all the ways that matter Pasha is gone, her memories are mostly gone, her body was practically torn apart. He wonders if she will try to attack anyone when she wakes up, he… doesn't think so, the other changelings were in fact not that dangerous, only curious and playful.But if what she remembers is them being enemies…“I'm sorry I couldn't do more” The empty and dark room swallows his voice. It's just him here. Elias and his regrets are stuck in a room together.He does love her, enough to not want to lose her, but he is also an asshole who didn't want Peter to hate him for messing things up.Those two things can coexist. Elias wanted Pasha to live, wanted her to stay, wanted… a future with her , Peter and himself. That was never meant to be of course. This time at last he brought the pictures she kept of them in her room. He placed them near the table, almost as an offering as a last ditch effort to have her remember.“Please-” And he doesn't pray, he doesn't believe in such things, not after everything. But he does ask to the air, something that may not exist.“-let her come back to us” Its the only thing he can ask for.
  
  
His outfit for the ball is in the process of being finished, he had commissioned it months ago. When he mentions it to Peter and consequently Tim who was with the man at the time, they both give him a curious look.“Isn't it a costume party or something? I think i heard the maids talking about it” Tim asks him while throwing a ball to Opal. They were at the dock playing catch with her.“It's more of a masquerade, but the outfits are supposed to match the kingdom that they represent. I hope my letters were specific enough for everyone to understand that” God forbids there is another fashion incident like the time king Hezekiah was in charge of the ball.He is so thankful that he retired and named Mr Gillespie the new monarch. He doesnt think he can deal with the sleepy and dirty king again. For his own peace of mind. “Sooo, no spooky costumes then? How lame” Elias gives Tim a sour look.“I thought you had enough spooky nonsense with Nikola Tim. We do wear masks however, that's the whole masquerade point of it”“What's yours going to be?” This time it's Peter who asks.“What do you think?” He lifts an eyebrow and crosses his arms waiting to see what he comes up with. Peter puts his finger on his chin and seems to think.“Well I believe… a cat! It would fit you very well since you are like a grumpy kitten most of the time!” Timothy starts cackling and he punches his arm for the comment while his cheeks burn.“You!!” After a few minutes where they all calm down again and he finishes cursing them both out, Elias tells them that because of that they will need to wait till the actual ball to see it.“Because you are both bastards”“Aww, king don't say that we are nothing but your humble servants… right Peter?” Tim waggles his eyebrows at the man who pushes him and almost throws him to the water.“Shit!!!” Peter barely manages to catch Timothy. “Tim, you will be given the standard outfit for the guards to wear, your mask is up to you. Peter… i'm sure we can find you something to wear, perhaps we may go to the tailor later to get you something-” The man shakes his head and smiles at him.“Oh don't worry i have an idea” That makes him worry a lot.“If you say so…” He watches them talk and turns to play with the ring Peter gave him, the blinking was more steady. Closer, getting closer by the day. The worst, and he means it, the worst case scenario would be for the prince to turn up at the ball. Elias would be fucked over in that case.More stress on his back, great, just what he needed.Elias also… he also asked for a dress, a tiny one, fitted for a child, or more realistically a princess. He even requested for it to have some fake fairy wings to be attached to the back. The mask that he decided on for that one was a sea serpent, because Pasha loves Opal and he wanted her to have something for the ball, after all he promised her a dance. Shame that it won't happen. They talk a bit more and Elias was about to leave after saying his goodbyes, when he kind of realizes something while watching Peter under the sun. His hand goes instantly to his hair and carefully tugs at an actual white lock.“Huh, you are getting surprisingly old quickly, you are what? In your thirties and already have white hair?” For a moment everything is silent, Tim turns to look at Peter too and his face turns to disbelieving.“He is right, your hair is more white than last-” Tim cuts himself for a second “-when we met” Peter for his part moves towards the water and looks down to see his reflection. Elias has no idea what the issue is.“I mean he has been getting more gray hairs recently, but i figured it was stress” He really did, Elias needs to stop worrying that man. He is still hung up about the congenital heart issues he mentioned previously, perhaps he truly needs to let him rest up a bit more.“Sorry about that…. Although if it makes you feel better you could probably dye it or use a minor glamour to make it look naturally black again if it bothers you that much” Most people do that anyways.“N-no, well, maybe? I will see” He seemed a bit upset, Elias didn't really take Peter to be vain about his look. Most of the time he seems to think low of himself, not realizing how handsome he looks, which is a shame and something he would love nothing more to make sure he knows.He can almost picture the man all flustered laying in bed while Elias looks down on him from his lap-
  OH? LITTLE KING NAUGHTY-NAUGHTY

   Not the time to think that!!! Not the time or place! Also shut up!!! 
“Any-anyways! You look very good still, so that's not a problem. I’m just going to go-” Turning around he makes a haste escape. 
   Nope, he is not going to unpack all of that now. 
 Their trips to the tunnel continue after a few more days of rest, Peter’s hair seems to be less grey so he surmises he must be using a glamour spell from a store. “I mean it, it didn't look that bad, it had some charm, if anyone can pull it off i believe it would be you” Peter shook his head and poked his cheek.“Less talk more avoiding stepping on something deadly”They explore quite a lot to be honest, Elias is very concerned with how much this place stretches on and on. Reminds him a bit of Helen’s hallways.The only good thing was that due to the explorations they had been closing in the possible entrances to the heart of the old prison. His patron didn't lie, he would find it before the end of the year at this rate. Elias is curious about what it wanted to give him and why it is there in specific. His answers of course won't come unless he finds it so he doubles down on it.Regarding the person behind the locked door system…Elias has his theories, Getrude is one that he has no doubt, but the person living there? He has an inkling that he doesn't like, because by all means it makes no lick of sense in context. Why here? Why would he spend his time inside the old prison?With no straight answer he keeps his mind occupied, preferring to become too obsessed. He already has enough with the prince apparently coming closer to the date of the ball.
  
  
The next few days are peaceful, there is a lull, which is why he is very surprised when several things happen at the same time.Firstly?Sasha James comes to the kingdom in a nice little merchant wagon.  The travelling alchemist  it was called. He finds out first because after the debacle with Nikola he started to check on who comes to the land.The moment he sees the familiar woman, he asks for Tim to be brought out to him to tell him. It doesn't take long for him to run off to see his friend.His patron is not interested in their reunion and Elias can be nice, since the man has been so… helpful and they did survive a horrible experience together he decided to not pry too much into his mind or his doings unless he found something suspicious in his behaviour.Nothing has proven Timothy to be a threat so he lets him have this.Seeing Sasha again, after Tim brings her to the castle, feels like a mild slap to the face. Pasha changed her looks to not be a mini Sasha, but there was a base resemblance there. When they first met he didn't have the time to consider it, not with his grief stricken status and shock at the time. But now? Now it was undeniable.It hurt to see. So he kept himself away, Peter apparently saw her briefly and quickly came by to stay in the tower with him looking spooked.“She-” He doesn't let him finish.“I know, Pasha changed a lot, but… she still held onto part of her looks. I suppose it must be the memories she had of Sasha left causing that. Wonder what she will try to look like now without any of them” Peter shakes his head.“Elias-”“Peter we have to be realistic, i only got a small bit of her memories back by all means- our Pasha is go-”“Stop- just, I don't want to hear it ok?” And Elias is upset, has been upset since the moment they got back from the circus. No, since he realized that everything went downhill from the moment Annabelle called him to her castle. This was just an icing to the cake, a living reminder of what he lost. Of the deal he made for Pasha. So he is upset and hurt and stressed and despite the wonderful reunion between Tim and Sasha-He lashes out to the only person available, the only person who could understand yet seems to be under the assumption that things can still go well. Who is ignoring the glaring problem staring at them from the moment he woke up.Peter is a reminder as well of what he can't have, of what he will never get back again. He doesn't mean to hurt him, but it's much easier to do it than to keep all of this down.“Why not? It's the truth, it's the only truth, we failed, she is gone, and what's left is probably a husk of the child we grew to care about Peter!!! We have to consider that, we have to think about it at some point, we can't live in denial. What if the memories she has are of attacking us? Do we need to stop her? Or if she doesn't even recognize us at all!!! What then?! You can pretend all you want, but I can't. That's what got us here in the first place! She lied ok? She lied and pretended there was nothing wrong! That she wasn't going to die. And now? We probably won't even get her back to be mad about the deceit.” Elias is furious at everything, he hasn't stopped from the moment Nikola stole Peter and Pasha from him.
   They were his and she dared touch them?  
He wants to kill something, wants to punch something hard. But Elias is not going to break about this, so instead he uses what he always has, his words. Sharp and pointed as they are.Meant to hurt, meant to push away, even if ultimately it's not exactly what he wants.“We are stuck with a husk of our child! We aren't going to get back the Pasha we had, we can't! You can't pretend otherwise. We can't even replicate what happened to her!” Because as much as Elias is willing to steal Sasha’s memories for the sake of his child, to have a semblance of her back-He knows very well that Tim will retaliate back. Peter will be troubled about it, because he wants Pasha but he also cares about Tim.“So stop playing dumb and accept that the child is gone!!!” The man’s face is completely blank. Then it twitches and it changes into its own version of fury that has him step back in surprise. Of course that doesn't stop Elias, how could it? He is as stubborn as they come.“What? What can you possibly say huh?”“Do you truly think that is what made her herself? Or that I don't care? Or think about it??? I do, Elias. I think about it quite a lot. Sasha is- “ He sees him shudder “She looks like her, or well its the other way round truly, but i can get used to it. Even without memories,  Pasha is still herself , to treat it otherwise would be cruel. Do you truly care so little of what she was that you would reject her on that basis? What if her memories come back eventually? What if it's a slow thing, you will begrudge her that? Why not even try to make new ones instead if that worries you so much! Do you want her to wake up alone and lost, so that her first few moments are spent in fear, because you were bitter and angry?”It strikes a cord in him, that rubs him the wrong way. Elias feels raw and that he doesn't like.“NO! No, I- I want her back, I want-” Peter steps forward towards him and cages him to the desk with a sneer that he tries to return.“You want everything to go back to how it was, but that's not going to happen. Seems like I'm not the unrealistic one here in the end.” “Shut-up” The taller man shakes his head and stares him dead on.“I don't want to, because you are being an asshole” Locking his jaw in place gives him the most scathing look he can muster.“Pot and kettle Peter, if im an asshole so are you. And if its anyone's fault? It's yours” 
   Shut up, he needs to shut up. 
Peter’s face looks confused and briefly hurt.Elias keeps going despite knowing better. He pokes his chest punctuating every word he says.“It's your fault, because you got her into our lives. It's your fault, because you shared a room with her for months on end and never noticed anything off. I can be blamed for that too, but I didn't sleep in the same space with her until much later and she was already sick-” Peter starts to step back every time he moves forward. It would be funny how intimidated he is, if Elias wasn't trying to shut himself up because he knows he is crossing a line, yet his mouth keeps on running and making it worse.He doesn't even raise his voice and that perhaps is worse, many people have told him that it's far more frightening how calm he looks when he is going off on someone.“It's your fault, because you promised me to look after her and you couldn't. I couldn't either, of that I am aware, but you? You were her caretaker and her dad and you failed at raising her.  I wouldn't be surprised if she got the idea of hiding it from you!  Sometimes it feels as if talking about feelings with you  would kill you !! Whatever fucked up parenting you had definitely messed you up there!”Peter stays deadly still. It is infuriating how passive he is now.“Say something god dammit, stop proving me right! What do you-”Elias shuts up and realizes he fucked up. The face he was making was pure raw hurt. When he tries to reach his hand to grab it Peter flinches back and it's like a slap in the face.“I didn't mean-” Quietly he shakes his head.“You did” Resignation.He hates resignation. Peter is white as a sheet, the previous anger drained out of his face as Elias' outburst kept coming out of his mouth, leaving the man like a ghost right there. “No, i didn't Peter, im- i had been mad for so long and it came out wrong and i don't think-” He hears the sound that his magic makes, something odd, almost distorted. When he tries to move and grab his arm his hand goes right through it and Peter sighs.“I will like to be on my own for a while”And right before his eyes, without letting him hold onto any piece of his body Peter merely becomes one with the fog and disappears from his sight.Elias is alone again.
  
  
He doesn't see him for the next three days. Tim asked worriedly but he couldn't give him an answer. He had no idea where he went or if he would come back.On the third night he gets drunk on his tower alone. For a little bit anyways, Helen opens up a door and slides in asking for the bottle to drink, dispassionately he gives it to her.“Why are you drinking?” He will admit he is a bit tipsy, which makes seeing her more bizarre. She resembles a child's rudimentary drawing of what a person should look like. “Didn't you hear the news? I have been replaced! Micheal replaced me with Ms James. Hahahahaha, isn’t it such a good joke? I looked for him in the woods, I grew up and turned into this to find him! And yet he found a replacement, another one to fill the hole I left. I know I said bad things, I know that I said I wished he wasn't my dad, but I never actually meant any of it. I was a kid, i was just mad that he was leaving me to help some awful woman”As she tells she becomes lines and squiggles and he is not drunk enough to even attempt to understand any of it or how is she even holding the bottle or drinking from it.“I said some very fucked up stuff to Peter because I was mad, because Sasha reminded me of Pasha and I blew up at him. Now i don't even know if he would even want to talk to me again, i dont- i didn't mean it either, i had just been locking it all up inside me and it came out at the wrong moment. He said the wrong thing and i just went off on him because he was there”She laughs and it hurts his ears.“We are both messed up huh?” Swallowing he nods.“We are. Helen, do you think he will come back?” And it takes her a bit to answer.“I believe it will take him a bit to just… figure it out. I won't lie he was very upset from what I briefly managed to glimpse of him, whatever you said? It doesn't help his mental state, he is already a mess in general i think you might have made it worse. And in the situation he is its not ideal” He is too dizzy by her shape to question what she means.“I am sorry about your dad. Are you sure…? Did you talk with him?” Scoffing she gives him the bottle back, when he takes a swig it tastes oddly cherry flavored.“No, i talked to Ms James, wanted to meet Tim’s friend, wanted to meet the person Micheal was following. And you want to know what I realized? From the moment he saved her from the forest he has been looking after her. Calling her the same nickname that he gave me when she was missing her own. Helping her and her little group, being their friendly fairy neighbour. And he didn't look for me, he never mentioned me. He forgot about me didn't he? He realized it wasn't worth it and left me” Her laughter sounded like crying.“I think i understand Peter a little bit better now, it's an awful feeling to know that someone you cared about left you behind without a reason” And its as if the room sparks in colors, and Helen herself shatters into bursts of light that reflect all around him making an iridescent rainbow.When he can open his eyes again as the light dims he sees Helen, not as the happy go lucky woman she usually looks like, not like the incomprehensible mess she can't turn into.He sees Helen as she had once been when she went into the woods looking for the only family she had left.An eleven year old with a gaunt and lost expression, her purple dress was all scratched and dirty as if she had worn it to destruction. Her curly black hair was plastered to her face, her eyes were finally one color only, a simple brown. She was also sickly pale as if she had not seen the sun in a while.“I just wanted him to come back home”And Elias is not a good person, but he gets feeling like shit, so he sighs and hugs her back.“I know Helen”“I spent so long in the forest-” She is definitely crying. Somehow he is not.“I know I'm sorry” He lets her get it all out.When she is finally done she apologizes and her shape changes back to her adult self, her clothes, hair, eyes and skin all return to the bizarre and healthy? Tone he has grown used to.“That was-”“Fine, we are… team freaks huh? It's ok, if it's any consolation I hope Gertrude has an awful horrible death” That makes her snort.“I could help you kill her” It's tempting.“She is tied to the queen of the fire lands, if something happens to her it will harm Agnes and cause a war among our lands” Now she is hugging him for some reason.“A binding contract?” He nods tiredly.“From the Weaver, Annabelle did it, but she is gone and i cannot know how to reverse or cut it” She tilts his face to look at her and her face looks terrifying.“Oh you don't need to reverse or cut. No, you need to twist it to someone else. A spell can be broken or changed. And I can twist very well, i can change something to someone else if i have too. Not even the weaver can predict chaos, heheheh. Give me time, give me a target, someone else who should have the end of the deal instead of the general”His heart was beating up like crazy, something unnatural was coming out of Helen in waves and he was too close to the center of it, his mind was starting to spin out of control.“He- Helen i cant- im, you are-” And whatever that was, it stopped and she told him to close his eyes.“Tell me, what color is Captain?” It takes him a bit to remember.“He is brown with white spot- NO, no he is white with brown spots” “Yes, count to five” And he does, it takes him a bit to go back to normal.“Sorry, I was too over excited, not often I get asked to do a twisting” Her face looked as close to apologetic as it could.“Its- its ok, listen, i need to think about it, but i believe i have a person in mind, i just need to talk to Agnes and we have to wait until she comes for that. Thank you Helen” She nods and kisses his forehead.“Oh thank you, that's what team freak is for. As for Peter… give him some time, he cares about you quite a lot whatever you said hurt him. But i'm sure he will come around, trust me… he wants you-!” Elias gives her a sad look.“I was afraid you would say that, i think he could do much better than me” And she smiles knowingly at him.“Oh deary, trust me you two are meant to be”
  
  
He doesn see Peter during the entire week, everyone will arrive in a few days and he hasn't seen or heard anything about him. It makes him feel like shit, despite Helen’s encouraging words. He also refuses to see Sasha on principle but Tim is a menace and insists.She is curious and bright and it's both something he can appreciate but also makes him feel a pang of loss.“Hey” He nods at her.“Glad to see you came in the end for Tim” Said man was giving them some space.“Well, with all of my memories back, how could I not? He told me about Pasha, about all of it. I'm sorry, I hope she comes back, I want to thank her” Elias swallows.“Don't think it would mean much if she doesn't recall who you are, but I suppose if she did… she would be happy, she wanted nothing more than to return those back to you. Even- even to the cost of her own life” Something that will haunt him as long as he lives.“I know, he told me. That's why I wanted to thank her and also… well return something to her for a change. It's not much, not really, i think Nikola must have gotten it wrong, but i do have this” She offers him a small vial, a thin glowy vial of a memory. His body locks in place and he gives her a look.“It's not mine, it's too vivid. I will be honest, most of my childhood is blurry, plus I do recognize my parents and… no offense, but I don't think you are my dad for several reasons” He holds it carefully.“What does it show?” She sighs.“It's not much, not in the grand scheme of things, but… it's her watching you read her a story while the other man… Peter? sleeps on your lap. Like I said , it's short. But it's something and its hers”Looking at it he wants to see it, but knows he needs to wait for Pasha to wake up.“Thank you, you have no idea how much this means to me. To any of us” She pats his back.“It's ok and hey, if you want to pay me back, you can always buy some of my stuff. I'm sure a king can spare some coin for a humble alchemist” That makes him chuckle.“You know what? I can as a matter of fact, show me the way”  She guides him to it so she can knock on the cart.“Martin! We have a client. Elias doesn't hear anything and gives her a look, Sasha emrely shrugs. “He is my friend, he is uhh, well he has a curse so don't be frightened by his looks. Gerry and Jonny are dealing with that thing about Gerry’s mom that you mentioned so they won't be here until a week and a half at best”Several things pop in his mind.“Curse-? Wait Jonny?” A coincidence?“Mm? Yeah! Didn't you hear about him? Jonny D’Ville the best bard in the land or at least that's how we are trying to sell it anyways.” She tells him in a conspiratorial voice “He is Gerry’s boyfriend plus we are part of his band. He is trying to get more popular. The guy didn't have anything better to do than write songs while living with his grandma, but I swear they are very good ones!! Maybe he can play a mini concert once he gets here”Well, that was… anticlimactic?“Wait what about the curs-”The merchant cart’s window opens and a-A man? Well it has the shape of one, he just looks… translucent. If Elias had to describe it, this is what a ghost would look like.“Oh hey Martin! This is the man I told you about, he wants to buy potions, so help me show him what we got” Martin smiles at her and says hi very nervously to him. Elias waves back and asks for his full name.“Um hello Mr…?"“Oh!! Martin, Martin Blackwood sir…?” Sasha somehow manages to hit him in the ribs with her elbow.“He's a king Marto! A real one!” His face goes comically shocked and then somehow it turns pink despite the fact that he can see through him.“Oh- oh!! Sorry, sorry should i bow or-” Elias snorts and shakes his head.“Let's say we are for now on even ground, but if we are in the castle or a serious event then yes you probably should” He spends a long while talking with them and buying products. He can't get any hint from the curse and using magic doesn't work, somehow it bounces off? His patron is amused.
  LIKE SEEING INTO YOUR OWN EYE CANNOT LET YOU

   What the fuck is that supposed to mean?? 

  
  
He doesn't explore the tunnels on his own, he can't. Not without Peter, this time he will keep that promise. Said man hasnt appeared yet and he is… left adrift.Perhaps it's for the best, like this finally he pushed him away and Elias can just resign himself to his future with Maxwell or Aaron.That idea is so depressing he ends up in the table room where Pasha is at 2 in the morning, only after walking around aimlessly in the castle for a while. He put her memory safely tucked away in a box. Won't let anything happen to it.“I'm an idiot, i know that Pash” Ranting to the ether is cathartic, just as it is writing letters to the void.“I hurt your dad, because… I am mad about you lying and I blamed him for it as if I didn't do the same thing too.” He keeps going and doesn't hear the sound of something cracking. “I said awful things to him that… god, I do think some of them, but it's not- it doesn't make it true or right. I don't blame him for what happened to you, I could never. I am happy that i got to meet you, you were there when i needed you and i want to think- i want to  believe i was some comforting force to you too” He sniffles, he is sitting on the ground with his back to the table. Elias rubs his eyes.“I'm sorry princess. Sorry we weren't enough to make you want to stay” And that is finally the issue.The thing that hurts the most, Helen is right, Peter is right too.Knowing someone you love is willing to leave you without explanation cuts deeply. He is shaking a bit and trying to not start crying.“I’m sorry princess.” He scrambles so hard to move and turn around he almost face plants. It was his voice coming from behind him.A small familiar goopy face stares at him, now with more scars. The one in her eye that she got from Gerry apparently and an awful one that looks like it cuts her in half diagonally on the side. If he remembers correctly that's where she ended up cutting her own arm when trying to escape the robotic lion from the circus. There are a few smaller ones adorning the black slime-like creature.“Pasha?” “Pasha?”  It imitates him. His face falls.“Do you know who I am?” “Do you know who I am?” It’s just his voice, a replica of what he says, there is no recognition in her eyes. “No… you have to remember something, anything! I gave you- even if just a little bit-!” Elias was right, there is nothing left there, there is no difference between her and the others-Yet he knows that's not true, he didn't want them, he wanted her.“Pasha i’m so sorry, i'm sorry i failed you-” That's when he finally breaks and starts to cry for real, this is huh? She is alive, but she will never remember him fully. There is only one small memory of her left and it's not enough, it will never replace what she lost. She slides from the compartment of the table to be fully out of it.Yet he pays it no mind. What is the point.If he did he would have noticed her looking at him in confusion and distress, would have seen her stare at the two pictures on the table and press one small stick lie hand on top of her own photo. “S-d?  ” It 's garbled. She repeats it again and this time he hears it  “Sad? Why?”  She seems to be making the words based on what she heard him say.“Because- because I lost someone I loved, because I am alone and it's my fault. Because I can't help you” Her multiple eyes look at him in confusion. “Sad… b-a-d”  He snorts between tears.“Yes, sad is bad, princess” She wiggles and holds the picture up. “Who?”  She points to Peter, and Elias can't help it, he laughs out of sheer distress, he doesn't know what to tell her. How to explain to her what she lost? Would it hurt more to know it?But it's unfair to lie.“That's Peter, he- he is your dad. He will be so happy to see you, he loves you very much so and he- he missed you a lot” And even if he never heard Peter say it he knows in his heart that its true. He doesn't need to read his mind to know that, to know that he loves Pasha.“…. so did I, and- and Tim and Helen and even Rosie! Simon asked about you too, he is sort of like your grandpa even if you probably don't know anymore what that is” “Dad…”  He was about to open his mouth again but her next question reminded him of the forest.  “What is a dad?”  Swallowing, he tries to explain.“A dad… is a person who cares for you and- loves you. Mine wasn't very nice, but my mom was so I know what the feeling is like. I know that Peter loves you and- and so do I, Pasha. You are our kid, my little princess. I'm sorry i couldn't keep your memories safe” “Dad…. Princess? Peter…”  He nods.“Yes, exactly” Her shape is pulsing a bit. “Who?”  She points to herself.“That… was you, before, you could turn into a little kid… but hey Pasha? I don't care about how you  look as long as it's you. I never said it and i'm sorry if you thought otherwise, i like you in whatever shape you come” To make it more clear he makes the i love you sound as he learned. She rolls around and tries the sound. “Love? Love, what's love” And that makes his face fall.“Oh Pash…” He offers his hand and after a little bit she clings to it so he lifts her in front of him.“I wish I could show you…” He wants her to know she was loved, that he misses her. Wants it so badly. But it's pointless so he just presses his forehead to her.“I'm terribly sorry” A tiny hand touches him. “Hi sorry, Im Pasha”  Its so unexpectedly dumb he snorts between tears, that is the kind of joke that Peter would do to her-! “Don't be sad, be happy! I'm new and im- im Pasha?”  He nods. “Im Pasha…. Pasha, Pasha sounds nice… sounds warm-”  He still hears his own voice albeit garbled.“Yes, you wer- you  are Pasha that's your name” She blinks at him rapidly. “Mine? MIne name?”  Nodding he stays quiet, he doesn't have the energy to keep talking, has no idea what else to say. “Mine… who- who are you?”  Looking up and biting his lip he pats her with his free hand.“Im Elias, Elias Bouchard, it's nice to meet you again” “E-Lie- as?” The question leaves him breathless.“No, E-Lia-As! Elias” She blinks. “E-L-EYE-AS?”  God-“Just- fine, fine you win, you never called me Elias anyways only-” “Eye?” It hurts to hear.“Yes, Eye” “...Elias… Peter”  She stays quiet and he slumps in place. He wishes he could show her-Show her…
   “Lie-” 
His patron says memories are never quite gone.
   “Eye!” 
He does remember her. “Lie… You are Lie… you are…”  He can show her that.“Pasha-” “Lie!” He snaps to attention when she launches herself to his face, almost smothering him.“Mphhhgh” He pulls her out.“What the-!?”“Lie!!! Lie, you are my Lie!!! Pasha, doesn't- she doesn't recall but she knows! Knows… that Peter was nice, Peter smelled like home and he gave Pasha something important, gave her a name-” Her voice is starting to change and it's making him hold her close between his hands, because it's her voice.“And gave her her Lie, her eye!!! You! You are LIe, you are… are dad? Pasha remembers… that she wanted dads, wanted… wanted to be a princess and wanted to be real. Wanted her dads… wanted you. Pasha is sorry, Pasha never wanted to leave, Pasha thought….Pasha thought that she was small and unimportant? That it would be ok, if she was gone” “No- No! You are… you matter so much”“Pasha is sorry she can't remember, but she knows, the most important thing, remembers the most important stuff, that she loves Lie and Peter and- and Timmy? And Helen. And that she wants to stay, m’sorry daddy- i'm sorry” He holds her close and starts crying.“Please don't cry!! Pasha will, will cry harder then…” And she does, her tiny blue tears fall from her adorable face “I wanna- hiccup- i wanna remember daddy”“I know-” And they stay like that for a long, long while, eventually he manages to compose himself just barely so. “How about- how about I tell you a story? Mm? Do you want to know how I met Peter? Do you remember how you met him?” She shakes a bit.“I remember bits, remember fear and then- then a nice person appeared… he smelled like home and safety, very foggy” He laughs at that.“Yes, very foggy indeed. So? Do you want me to tell you the story?” She nods.“Ok, ok… Once upon time-” And his patron was right.Memories don't really disappear, not truly not completely, not as long as there is someone else to keep them. Pasha might not remember much, but he can fill in the blanks, so can Peter, Tim and Helen. Everyone who met her has a piece of what Pasha used to be and they can give it to her back.Peter was right in the end, Elias was so upset he couldn't even see it, he would have hurted her. Eventually she falls asleep holding his hand right as he was telling her about Annabelle's kingdom. It's ok, he can keep going later. He will tell her as many times as she needs. With a tired smile he takes her to his room and puts her in the pillow where Peter would sleep. None of them are quite who they were before the circus, they all have fallen from place and don't fit as before, but it's not necessarily bad. It means they have to work on it.If Maxwell wants him he will put limits, will give himself the space to keep them. Even if he has to do things he would rather not. With that in mind he falls asleep  holding Pasha with his hand, feeling the tiny warm spot breath. In the morning he will hunt down Peter, will find him and apologize, wil give her Pasha back.He dreams of dark rooms and cherry tasting wine, outside the window is foggy but it can't seem to seep in.Elias wakes up feeling as if the dark was choking him in an embrace that he cannot escape from.
  
    Chapter Text
    After calming down from whatever that dream was, Elias gently wakes up Pasha who whines and cuddles up his hand. He had missed it so much, he can't even begin to explain how happy he is at having her there.No words to explain it.Still, grumpy or not, they need to get up.“I have something for you princess, i have one last memory to give you” Yawning she stretches her tiny stick like hands and he picks her up. “Mmemowy?” Nodding and holding her close to the crook of his neck he looks for the box with the vial. “Yes, and it's yours, it's… not much. But i hope you like it” Carefully he sets her down on his desk and picks up the box and after pulling out the cork offers the memory.“Drink up?” She nods and takes a few sips until there is nothing left. Then he sees her blink up several times and start to make chirping noises.“Dad and Daddy? Nap time! You read me a stowy!” Smiling, he pats her softly.“I did, to you and Peter. Do you want to help me find him?” She nods and then rolls a few times.“Is daddy lost?” And what a wonderful question.“I think so, and it might be my fault, I said bad stuff to him because I was angry so he left. I want to apologize” She makes a sad sound.“Daddy left us?” Elias shakes his head.“No, no… he is taking some time off. But we will find him and it will be the three of us again ok? Your dad… is also not the same as before and neither am I. I was wrong to think we could all go back. It only means we just need to stick together and… figure it out. I want to try.” He does, he truly does more than anything.“Sss ok Eye Da, Foggy one will forgive you!!” He hopes so.  Looking for Peter is like trying to find a needle on a haystack. His powers don't work, even trying to focus on a blindspot doesn't work. He is not in the castle that's for sure.So? Where else could he possibly be?Their next stop is the ship. It does look lived in, so at least he knows where he has been staying during the nights. Now where he is during the day is a whole other question. Helen and Tim have no idea, albeit they are ecstatic to see Pasha who is very shy and hides in his sleeve.“Hey- hey im sorry kiddo didn't mean to scare you i'm just happy you are awake” Tim softens his voice and she speaks from under his shirt. “Ss ok Timmy, m’sorry don't remember you too much” Smiling gently at her he offers his hand and after a beat she carefully slides over and Tim lifts her to his face level.“That's ok, you know why? Because it means we get to have more adventures and I can show you how to play cards again” God dammit-!“Tim! You are not teaching her how to gamble again, wait till she is older” The man pouts and tickles Pasha. Helen for her part laughs and pats Elias back.“Oh, we will, but it's nice to see you try and stop us” The worst, they are both the worst.Sasha says she hasn't seen anyone with that description in town, which doesn't mean much since Peter can just pass unnoticed. She also talks to Pasha who looks at her in wonder while making cooing noises that he knows mean happiness.Martin stays quiet as he describes Peter to him, when he asks if he saw him, he shakes his head vehemently.“N-no i have never seen him before” He thanks them and keeps on looking with his little changeling. He doesn't see as they leave the calculating look Martin makes and how he tells Sasha he will go explore for a bit, disappearing in a puff of  fog .
  
  
He looks around with his powers but nothing works, Elias is completely blind.Blind.…“Ok, there are two places we can check yet princess, are you still up for it?” Pasha nods and curls up on the crook of his neck.He tries the tunnels first, it is a possibility and it's close enough that Peter could manage to escape to. Yet as he gets there and passes through the door it seems unlikely. Fog should be around, that is the main marker of the man being there. Locating the bracelet he gave him is useless, the fog has covered his magic and he can't track it.So there is only one more place he can go. On his way there he asks Pasha about food.“I'm a bit hungy” But he knows better.“I mean memories sweetheart. If you need them to feed let me know and i will get them for you with no questions asked, this time i swear to look after you better” She rubs herself against his cheek. Elias knows people who wouldn't really be missed and could be fed to Pasha. He doesn't really have any issue with sacrificing someone to keep her safe.“Iss, ok Eye, i ate a lot on the table, lots and lotsa memories there, too many for me to eat all, i can chew on them later, little snackies!”
   Ohhhh. 
That's why the eye wanted the table, it's so cursed and full of memories Pasha can eat for a long while. She didn't before because she would have needed to consume Sasha’s memories first. Now that it is no longer an issue she can eat with no problem.“I see, well that is definitely good news. Just let me know if it runs out or you need something else ok?” She chirps at him and sings nonsensically.His heart aches he had missed her so much, she isn't who she had been, clearly, but there is the core of what she is. And he loves her.He was so hurt he couldn't see it, Peter had been right.“Im sorry Pasha”“Is it ok, Pasha forgives you? Pasha is sorry too, she made you sad” Rubbing his cheek against her making her giggle he walks towards the forest. If there is one place Peter would go to be alone…When they pass the barrier and go into the fair land, Pasha makes a scared noise and hides on the collar of his shirt.“Shh its ok, its fine i promise” She only peeks but doesn't come out from hiding. He waves at the familiar creatures and walks the pathway to the tree in the little isle. He doesn't even have to cross the stone’s in the water to see the fog and the pixies flying above a person laying down.“Is that daddy?” She whispers so softly that he almost misses it.“It is” Pasha stares.“Do ya think he misses Pasha?” And she sounds unsure and meek, it hurts his heart.“Oh he does, i promise you” Elias makes the jump and as usual almost slips up in the last one. He almost curses but recalls he has company.“Fu- fuuuudge” She is too young to learn curse words. Pasha giggles and cheers him on. When he reaches Peter he sees he is taking a nap, several animals have decided to use him as a bed and there was a squirrel nesting on his hair. The pixies all laugh above them and throw a few flowers at him.“Oh he came!”“Wake up kiss?”“Will fix him?”“Sad, the foggy one is sad”“Not good for the heart!”“Not good for his life, his lungs and his heart will burst!”“Oh no, I like the foggy one!!”“Will he do it?”“I hope he does!”“The little king should just-”“Kiss him-!”“Smooch him and-”“Love him! The eye wants to watch”“Wants to know!”“Wants this game of cat and mouse to be over with”“Wants to win the bet with the weaver and get the ending that was foretold!”Several questions and red flags pop into his head, but he can't get them out of his mouth because Pasha does what she has always done.She launches herself to Peter’s face with the single mindedness of someone who knows they will not get reprimanded.For obvious reasons Peter chokes and starts to pull at her trying to breathe.“Mpgh mppphhhh” She is really tightening her hold, shit-“Son of a biscuit!! Pasha let him breath princess, let go, let go! You are choking him” He starts to grab her too and pulls while she laughs.“Funnny!!! Daddy can't be mad she won't let him!” He would laugh at her idea if she wasnt choking Peter.“He won't be if he dies, let him go, we want him to breathe, let go, let go-” She let go and he was pulling her so hard that Elias stumbled back and fell flat on his back. That wouldn't be so bad, if the island wasn't like a small hill making him roll back with Pasha, who clings to his hands while he tries to stop himself from falling into the wat-…Great. He is soggy now, his body did not fall into the water completely but his pants are all wet now. Thank god the weather is warm now in the kingdom. Otherwise walking back to the castle would be a nightmare.“Pasha? When i say don't choke i mean it, you can kill him if he stops breathing, if he pulls you have to let go” She is miraculously not wet.“Oh, Pasha didn't know, she just felt ticklish, thought it was a game, sorry dad” He wants to just lay on the grass and cover his face. He loves her, but she will be the death of him one day.He idly wonders if this is how his mother felt while raising him, all those times he would get himself into trouble and she looked like she was going to faint. Probably. Elias has a new appreciation for his mother and regrets that he can't show Pasha to her. He is sure she would have loved her.The child makes gurgling noises and tries to crawl all over his arm. He was about to try and get up when a human shaped shadow steps in front of him. Elias can't look up, he feels so much shame and regret that he can't face Peter. His face of resignation and hurt is seared into his head. So he stares into his boots instead.“Hi Peter” Its quiet and the light flowery breeze makes his nose itch. Too many flowers, too much polen.“Elias” And its cold and harsh and he deserves that, even if it hurts. “Someone wanted to meet you” He picks up Pasha and lifts her up without looking up. He hears him take a deep shaken breath.“Hi, are you my daddy? I remember… a foggy one who smelled nice and- and felt like home. I'm Pasha, I'm sorry I can't remember much. But I know I love you! I- I know i do. Is ok if you don't miss Pasha-” A warm hand touches the one he is using to lift Pasha, Elias closes his eyes enjoying the contact before Peter pulls back with the changeling leaving him cold.“I- am and i did miss you, so, so much. I was waiting to see you again little one” Elias can hear her sniffle and start to babble while crying.“I dunno why Pasha cries, she is not sad! Happy and sad?” Finally he starts to get up, the feeling of the water was unpleasant, bringing back memories.Cold water in a lake.He shivers and starts to try to get up the hill while Peter is distracted with Pasha. He wants to be away from the water. He tries to wring out some of the water on his clothes while he stands near the tree watching the sailors back and he and the changeling exchange soft spoken words.He should go, he is messing up their moment and… he realizes he doesn even know how to apologize for what he said. That Peter wouldnt believe him anyways, it's his own doing obviously but he has no way to fix it.What can he even say to make it better?The truth is, nothing. It's up to Peter if he forgives him.Elias watches them for a few more minutes and then sighs before slowly making his way back, a pixie follows him and tugs at his hair telling him to go back.“I can't, I'm sorry. I messed up” She holds onto him and tries to make him turn back.“Say sorry, say sorry” He holds her carefully so as to not hurt her wings and tells her no.“I did, he won't believe me, I should give him space. Both of them deserve this” Deserve to have time together.“But- but he needs you!” And that is such a blatant lie.Peter doesn't need Elias, if anything it's very clear that it's him who needs Peter. And he can't even pay back all the times he helped him, instead he hurts him more and more for no reason.“Lying doesn't suit your kind” He releases her and tries to jump the rocks. It's slippery as hell and he almost falls into the water again. Elias just needs to go back, he is feeling like shit.He refuses to cry, he is a grown man, this is just stupid. He should go and leave them alo-…. He wants to try for them to get on like before, he told himself that, but its hard and he is even more stressed and clearly he makes things worse. Another jump-Fuck-! He barely manages to not drop to the water.One more, just one more and he makes it to the other side.“-Lias-!” Oh no, Peter.He jumps and miscalculates a bit, but only hits the grass and a few small rocks on the shore. It hurts and he is sure he might have a few scrapes. Great.Curse him for having short fucking legs! Ugh.He doesnt turn around; he just keeps walking as fast as he can to leave. Several creatures stare at him and some seem to try and actually stop him, which is very rude!“Out of my way!”“Little king-” Not the day or time, he is actually panicking. He can hear Pasha and Peter moving behind him. Nope!
   A way back. 
He needs a way back where he can be on his own for a while-Turning right he exits the fae land, it leaves him in the forest outside town, with any luck they will think he took the other way out. Elias moves quickly and finds the tunnel entrance. He goes down, he doesn't need his map, not from here, Elias knows the way back.He just needs to lose them for a while and be alone to think, that's it. So he walks back, it will take a couple of hours, but with any luck he will be more calm and his clothes will be dry by then. Elias just needs time.That’s all.The place is cold and there are a few dead worms lying around. Disgusted he tries to ignore them, a monument of his failures, that's what this place is. And they keep piling up which is even worse, he failed to keep the intruder out, he failed to explore, to keep the place safe from attacks-This entire prison was a nightmare tailored to piss him off. He shivers at the cold. This time he knows the fog is there so he tries his best to not let it affect him, but that is a bit hard when all he can think of is how he ruined everything.
   Elias is destined to be alone and unloved, and it's all his own doing. 
He turns right and doesn't realize it's not the right path. The eye drawing in the wall slowly moves to stare at him go down its hallway.All the turns and twists he makes are involuntary, his feet move and he passes more eyes on the wall. They all turn towards him once he passes them by. Quietly and unnoticed. By the time he realizes he has no idea where he is he is standing in front of a door with iron bars. Looking around he sees more hallways that lead into the dark. He doesn't know his way back, he can't remember. Asking his patron is useless, its as if he was cut off completely from it. Oh no.If Peter and Pasha tried to follow him and didn't realize he entered the tunnel- no one knows where he is. No one can even try and come find him.What Elias and Peter marked in the map was not this part of the underground. They were looking closer to the castle, not the forest outside of town. Fuck!He doesn't know what to do. Retracing his steps is pointless; he wasn't looking where he was going, what was he thinking! He is lost, no one knows where he is-Elias could be stuck here for who knows how long, and god knows there are a lot of magic traps, if he activates them he could end up killing himself.Paralized by fear he slowly slides against the wall until he is left sitting on the ground holding his face. “Why am I such an idiot!” There is no response and his voice echoes back making him shiver. So stupid, he wanted to escape and now he is stuck here, he will probably die out of estarvation or dehidation if he doesnt find a way back.The luminous roots at least make sure he is not in the dark. Not completely.He remains there trying to think logically, trying to find a way out, but nothing comes to mind. It must be… 20 minutes before he hears something scuttling from the dark hallway. 
   Please, please be rats, I am begging to any deity who can listen, please let it be a rat. 
But rats aren't that big, or have that many legs and eyes. That is a spider and Elias is terrified. He slowly looks to the door and sees the lever next to it. Iron bars. Sturdy enough to avoid that thing from entering.The red eyes blink and he slowly, very slowly gets up and moves to the door never taking his eyes from the beast. He is not going to be eaten by a spider. He survived Annabelle, he is not going to die by spider now.When he touches the lever the spider moves a bit. He has to be quick.He pulls as hard as he can and as the door lifts up a bit the spider runs towards him, ducking out of his way he drops to the floor and passes under the door before quickly pushing the opposite lever down to close it. The spider tries to pass, but when he kicks the lever with his leg in desperation, the door falls on top of it cutting it in half.It twitches and he tries very hard not to throw up. When he finally gets up and turns to look around-Oh. Oh he found it.The watchtower in the middle, the cells all in a circle.The center of the jail.He found the heart of the tunnels.
  
  
It's huge, in all honestly he has no idea how it even fits down here. He tries to use his magic to know what did his patron want to give him here, but he feels off, like the world was tilted wrong. But more importantly he feels hungry all of a sudden, it's like a physical blow to how hungry he feels. Enough so that he drops to his knees.Like an ache that wasn't all his.“What-” Something moves on the roof. He hears something shifting and whatever it is, is huge. 
  Go into the tower, don't look up yet.
That is the only warning he gets from his patron. He takes a few minutes to recompose and get up, never looking up. The shuffling continues and whatever that is, it's definitely bigger than the spider. By a long shot.He goes up the stairs and reaches the entrance, he can see a chair inside, it's giving him its back. Elias feels wrong.This is all wrong.The prison should be-A brief image of the place as it was, comes to him. Elias clenches his teeth and pushes the small door to enter despite knowing he wont like what he sees.
  S A Y H I T O J O N A H
Elias turns the chair. A body, a mummified body is sitting there. It doesn't have eyes.He steps back and hits his back to the glass wall. Something cracks and he has an inkling of what.
   W E L C O M E B A C K  
What was in the roof drops down into a heap to the ground. Then an eye and a beak, a  giant eye and beak stare at him from the outside. An owl, a huge owl beast. Its eyes looked like the night sky, black and full of stars. Its feathers were black and silver, they all looked ruffled and like they were about to fall off.It looked old.It looked tired.And above all it looked-Sad.“What is going on-” The owl tilts its head to the side making him shut up.
  We promised a gift, you always wondered why you didn't have a familiar. Well… here you go. Congrats.
It was his patron voice, but instead of coming from nothing it felt like it was pouring out from the giant beast. Like the cat in the forest, a channel to hear him directly. As much as he knows its the all seeing one he is… terrified, the owl could literally eat him in own bite.
  Oh, please i wouldn't eat you, you are my source of entertainment and besides this one here likes you already. Want to hear it?
Hear it? But if its just his patron controlling it-
   WAITED FOR YOU TO COME BACK, MISSED YOU. ALBEIT YOU ARE DIFFERENT. 
Completely blindsided by the change of voice- His patron sounds like several voices mushed up together, this is… more feminine? And singular more importantly. Despite his confusion he asks.“Is that bad? Being different?” The owl raises a clawed hand- shit! And scratches the tower glass window separating them.
   NO, IT WOULD BE WEIRD IF YOU WEREN'T, PEOPLE GROW AND CHANGE ALL THE TIME. 
“Who- what do I call you?” That makes it look very annoyed.
   WE ARE MANY, WE HAVE MANY NAMES, WE FOLLOW THE ALL SEEING ONE, WE ARE IT TOO. 

   BUT 

   BUT ONCE UPON A TIME, A LONG TIME AGO A MAN GAVE US A NAME, WE LOVED IT, HOWEVER HE IS GONE AND HEARING IT HURTS. 

  She is a gift, you are doing very well!
“No, they can't be mine-”
   NOT YOURS, NOT QUITE, NOT YET. I AM OLD, BIG, TIRED AND CANNOT ESCAPE.  
“I don't understand-!” It coos at him.
   IT'S OK, YOU ARE HUMAN AND YOUNG. SOME THINGS AREN'T MEANT FOR YOU TO KNOW. 
Ok, ok, that is demeaning to his person and his need to know. Regardless he will put it on hold for a bit for the other pressing matter.“Is this… is this Jonah?” He points to the body, it unnerves him, he feels his head hurt at seeing the eyeless body.
  Yes

   YES, HE IS. DIED IN THE HIGH OF HIS POWER, ALONE AND AFRAID. HE PUSHED EVERYONE AWAY, WANTING TO PURSUE POWER AND AVOID DEATH. 
Swallowing down he has to ask.“Will this happen to me too? The prophecy Annabelle told me… that i could die-”
  No idea

   WE KNOW A LOT, BUT THE FUTURE IS SOMETHING WE CAN'T QUITE REACH. WE KNOW THE PRESENT AND THE PAST, THE WEAVER HANDLES THE FUTURE.  

   WHAT HAPPENS TO YOU DEPENDS ON YOUR CHOICES 
“What choices! You took the one I wanted right out from my hands! I am stuck in an arrangement I don't want!”
   DO YOU REGRET SAVING THE SMALL ONE? 

  Do you want me to take it back? Want me to pull the memories she ate from her belly and have her wither away? You will be released to marry who you please but she will die painfully.
The idea- The mental image of what that would look like is pushed into his head making him double over and gag.“NO” No, gods above no, he could never do that.
   YOU WILL BE FINE AS LONG AS YOU ARE TRUE TO YOURSELF, YOU ARE IN THE RIGHT PLACE YOU JUST NEED FOR THE OTHER PIECE TO FALL. 

  Don't worry it will go well. Now! I promised a gift and a gift you will have. Time to say goodbye.
The owl beast makes a mournful sound, for some reason his eyes get filled with tears. The creature's giant eyes are looking at the corpse. 
   JONAH? I MISSED YOU A LOT AND I HOPE THE NEXT AND FINAL ONE WE GET TO BE TOGETHER FROM THE BEGINNING TO THE END. 

   WE HAVE ONE MORE SHOT AFTER THIS ONE. I HOPE YOU FIND PEACE. 

   I HOPE WE GET TO MEET EACH OTHER AGAIN. 
Then they turn to him and make a sad noise.
   ELIAS I KNOW YOU WILL LOOK AFTER ME, YOU PROVED THAT ALREADY. 

   I HOPE YOU ARE HAPPY. I HOPE WE GET ALONG. 
Before he can ask he hears creaking and the owl starts to dissolve? It looked almost as it was going to-A wall of fire and the owl cries out for minutes that feel like hours, his own body locks in place and he can't move. He watches as the creature disappears and when the sound goes off he is alone again.
  Go claim your price! Look after that one, that species is hard to come by. I must look after the other ones, you met my other shape.
The cat, right.Elias runs down the stairs almost falling face first to the ground. There is a huge pile of ashes on the ground, It reaches his waist with how tall it is. He starts to move it looking for something, looking for-A chirp. A small cat-like owl looked up at him, it was dusty and seemed afraid. Its feathers were now pure black. For some odd reason her left ear was cut a bit.
  Your familiar at last.
“A phoenix owl?” He feels his patron being pleased at his knowledge.
  A symbol of knowledge and perseverance over death, fitting for you. Who she was is no more, you will need to name it. That’s important, it will tie her to you.
“Names matter...” To fae a name is everything. Softly he touches the top of its head, the owl closes its eyes and presses its head against him. He picks it up and holds it like a normal cat, its wings were tucked close to its body and its front legs were grabbing at his arm with a tight grip.“Welcome to the family” It gnaws at his sleeve.Heh, cute. Elias holds the beast and stays sitting in the panopticon for a while. He was hungry and tired, this day was too much. “I don't know how to go back” Finally that seems to startle the animal into action, it wiggles until he releases it and it starts to walk a bit clumsily to the door with the dead spider. He grimaces at it. It bites a leg and he starts to chastizes it.“No, no spit that out, i do not know if you can eat that-” Before he can keep going the little owl throws up what he ate at his feet.
   Gross. 
Suddenly he is hit with the knowledge that he is not that far from home, that the spiders and the wall of webbing are gone. Elias can easily go back to the castle. He looks up to the tower where the body of Jonah Magnus resides.“Alone huh?” This time his patron answers albeit it comes from his new companion's body.
  Yes. You can be better or worse truly is up to you, but I have seen man fall to the same thing over and over again. No one lives long enough to see the patterns in history.

  I am getting tired of bad endings you know?
Leaning down he pats his little beast. It does a mix between a purr and a chirp. “You never tried to speak with me like this before, never tried to give me a familiar, what changed? Why me? Also isn't there supposed to be only one-” It takes a bit to answer.
  You did, you changed, surprisingly so may i say. Still the same core, but… somehow you care, more than i thought you could. 

  Because you are the only one who got close to the heart, because… you are entertaining.

  In most cases? Yes, but unlike my siblings I do not have a body, a shape to take, I am knowledge at most. So I can have a few bodies to slip by. A bit more freedom if you ask me.

  Now, go back, this place is no longer your concern little king. You have to deal with the matters of the living, not the dead. 
Elias finally gets up and goes. He doesnt think he is going to be able to find the panopticon again, even with what he knows. It's not really his place anymore.
  All things must come to an end. Even old and dead things.
 By the time he reaches the castle it's around 10 in the night. He has been gone almost all afternoon. Elias is starving, his clothes are ruined and he has a familiar clinging to his shoulder. What a weird day.He places the little beast on a pillow next to his bedside table so he can go to take a bath and change. Elias relaxes in the warm water and just… tries to not freak out. Today was a lot, he was drained in every possible sense of the word.Two more days and everyone will arrive….
  
  
Elias doesn't want to think about Jonah. Doesn't want to remember what he did to his eyes and how long he stayed there in the dark waiting for his ritual to work, waiting with ******** as his only company until the bitter end. The owl was the only company he had.He isn't Jonah that he knows clearly, Jonah died 200 years ago. He is just Elias Bouchard, 28, youngest king of Opperior. He has his own prophecy hanging over his neck, but he refuses to give up and lay down, he made it this far and he will be damned if it stops now. It is something Jonah tried to do too, but who wouldn't try to change fate when told you could die? Who would be so stupid to lay down and take it without a fight? By morning he goes to get breakfast, read some papers and watch over his entire kingdom, the castle, the town, the people going around minding their own business. Taking a sip of coffee he watches them all work and live their own lives.  He didn’t name the beast yet, but he did bring it along to his tower, it was napping near a window sunbathing. Elias imagines that after so long in the dark it would miss the sunlight. That day he doesn't try to find Peter or Pasha, they find him instead unfortunately.“Eye!” He looks up and the door to the tower opens, showing Pasha and Peter. He steadily ignores the man in favour of the child who was clinging to his hand. Owl merely stretches and ignores them in favour of his nap.
   What a brave protector and wise familiar. 
“Eye, Eye, Lie!! Bad Lie you ran away from us!!!” He smiles tiredly at her.“I was very wet dear, we fell into the lake if you recall. I just wanted to change my clothes” She makes a curious sound.“Really?” He nods.“Oh ok! Sorry then!” And before she would have called him out on the lie, but she doesn't understand lying all that well yet. Does Not have Sasha’s memories to fall back into to fill her with context and social cues.“Pasha, he is lying” Curse Peter for not letting him have this.“What? Why? I asked why would he lie?! Did Eye lie to Pasha?” She is distressed and it makes him feel guilty.“Peter… leave it alone please. You-” He doesn't want to fight, not really “I don't want to talk about yesterday ok?” Elias never turns to look up at his face, he can't.“That's bull-” Elias clicks his tongue disapprovingly at him. “That's poppy seeds! We tried to find you but you disappeared, no one could figure out where you went-” Elias writes a few words on a paper and a hand slams on the desk while Pasha whimpers.“See what-” Take a deep breath Elias, take deep breaths. The changeling was holding onto Peter and looked at him with teary eyes. “Pasha it's ok, we are just having some difficulties. Come here-” He offers his hand and she hesitantly jumps on it. He tickles her side, making her giggle. Her shape pulses and bubbles up.“I wasn't feeling well and I needed to leave. I took the tunnels but got a bit lost. Turns out I'm not as good as I thought at remembering my way back if I am not enchanted. Guess Jane had a better sense of direction than me, or maybe it was the worms? The whole living hive thing is a bit confusing to be honest” How do you coordinate if you are several things at the same time? “Elias” Peter burst his bubble and he focused on Pasha.“So yeah, I ended up getting lost, and found my way back eventually of course. Found… a few things i needed to find i suppose. I should also get some traps for giant spiders, because those were nasty”“Bad spideys??” Nodding at her he whispers conspiratorially. He can see Peter tense up and grip the desk, but he cant bother to give a response to it.“Big bad giant spider, it reached my middle with how big it was! But i got it cut in half with a door so that's nice” Gasping she asks for the story.“I want a story! You promised to tell me stories, you were telling me how you met daddy!!”“Ah, that. Funnily enough I left you before the giant spider in the story appeared” Her eyes go huge and Peter coughs.“Yes, but I suppose I should tell you later doll. I need to do a few things, we got an extra guest for the ball and i have no idea what food i should ask for him… what do the people of Mo-” Peter snaps at his dismissiveness.“Look at me” He stares at his neck and avoids the face.“I am” Pasha looks between them.“No you are not, you never back down from staring me down, so look at me” Bearded jaw, freckled nose and cheeks-Blue eyes.Elias can't keep his face from falling a bit, Peter looked angry and tired. He was paler, he had purple bags under his eyes and he seemed like he was going to sway and pass out. He cannot stare.He looks elsewhere, but Peter snaps his fingers and tells him to look at him please.“Please” It churns his stomach and his hands tremble a bit so he carefully puts Pasha on the desk. He tries again.“What?” Elias is not a coward and he doesn't back down, but very rarely he feels guilt, even more so at hurting someone. He hasn't been able to apologize to Rosie for his harsh words yet.He can't apologize to Peter, the man won't believe him. The sailor stays quiet and he squirms in place, why? Why make him look! Why this! “What do you want? An apology? You won't believe me and it doesn't take anything back, even if I'm truly sorry. Grovelling? Begging? I don't know what you want Peter. If you want to leave… i'm not forcing you to stay you are free to go and...you and Pasha can stick together”“What?! No! Pasha loves Eye!! And daddy! I want you both, you are my dads, please don't leave me” Blinking rapidly he tends to her and caresses her a bit.“I don't want you to go, but it's not my place to decide that. I'm not your dad, Peter is, I just helped where I could” She pinches his hand making him pull back.“You are dumb! Both dumb! You are dad too! Pasha knows you are! Daddy please!” Turning to Peter leads to nothing as the man merely clenches and unclenches his hands, before asking him the worst question.“Do you want me to go?” It's very soft spoken. Peter looks at him with an unreadable expression. The truth is simple.
   No. 

   I love you. 

   I want to marry you, but to keep Pasha alive I need to marry someone of royal blood. 
“Never, I don't want you to go. I never do. Neither of you, I don't want to be alone either” And its a big bloody deal to admit that.He doesn't want to die alone and forgotten, like Jonah.“I don't know what to do to apologize, I didn't mean to say any of that! I was mad and you were there, that's it, I do not think that of you. God, that's actually the opposite. I think so many good things and when I get mad I can't stop myself from blurting the most hurtful stuff. And I really don't want you to hate me. And you don't have to forgive me, I don't want you to. I was an asshole and you were right. I almost messed things up and you were right!” Ah there they are the blurry eyes.Fuck. He tries to quickly clean any tear away.
   Not the time! 
“I'm sorry Peter for everything, if you want you can't punch me if it makes you feel any better” He should shut up, but maybe hurting him will make him feel better? “Or call me out for how horrible i am, that would also be fair”More tears that he angrily swipes away.“Dad…” Pasha hugs his hand and he wants to disappear. This is embarrassing but maybe its the point. “I don't want to punch you, or maybe a bit. But I'm not going to. Elias just- you were right too, I was in denial. We were both right in our own ways. I can't- what you said hurt but you're not wrong either and that's what actually bothered me the most. That you were right. Also please, please for the love of god, stop running into the tunnels on your own. You are going to die there one of these days and its going to break my bloody heart in two” God dammit, he quickly cleans his face again, but its harder to not cry.“And- and please don't cry, i don't know what to do when you cry” Stammering the taller man hovers a hand near him. “I just- i don't want to” “Oh dad sad… if dad cries- Pasha will- will-” She sniffles and starts to cry too.“No, oh no, Pasha- Elias” Peter panicked, causing him to snort between tears. The sailor moves closer and asks him to get up, he wants to refuse but he owes him that.Once Elias is up he stares at the other’s chest feeling chastised. Peter’s hands hold his face and make him look up.“I really don't like to see you cry, it's unfair” He manages to swallow down a reply while his sailor wipes a few tears away. “You look better when you smile, even if it's smug” Despite the ill look he has, his smile is genuine. Peter leans down and Elias' heart almost stops. But he kisses his cheeks instead. Softly and lingering.“I’m mad and it hurt what you said, but i don't hate you and i want to help you out”“Daddy?” Peter’s thumb caresses his cheek before he turns down towards Pasha.“Yes?”“I want a kiss too!” Elias laughs and puts his forehead against Peter’s chest.“Oh? Princess wants a kiss! Why, I can give you one, so can Elias, right?”“Yays! Happy kisses!” God he loves her, them.Peter chuckles and kisses her tiny goopy head, then offers her to him. Elias also gives her a soft kiss making her chirp happily.“Story? Can I have story now?” Tired and happy, he holds Peter’s hand and pulls him to the couch, where he makes him lay down and put his head on his lap while Pasha snuggles on the sailors chest.“So! So… did Daddy save you? You split up and- and were in the scary castle!” His hand goes to Peter’s hair softly playing with it as he starts where he last left off.“Well… the queen was very insistent on my staying- we talked and she offered me to drink some wine that tasted funny and-” He talks and tells her the story. Peter looks up at him and it's not perfect.It can't be, but they are working on it.Peter also didn't know the full details of what happened those days they were apart, Elias didn't… want to go into details before, but as a story for Pasha? Where he can play out a bit with the most awful aspects it's not as scary as it could be. Peter who understands the underlined meaning grasps his free hand and holds it.“So i was there about to be eaten when-”“Daddy?!” She wiggles excitedly and nuzzles Peter with all her body.“Yes! Your dad came to save me like a knight in shiny foggy armor. It was enough to make me swoon so hard that I passed out” The man chokes and coughs before laughing.“You did not! He was sick, little one, the queen gave him icky food and he got sick so I had to carry him!”“Ohhh, and what- what did daddy do while Eye was away?” And that was a good question. “Well-” Peter gave him a hesitant look.“Tell story, tell story!!” Jumping up a bit she begs the man, who looked a bit flustered when he booped his nose.“Yes Peter tells us the story, I'm a bit tired, and… I would like to hear you for a change” His face turns pink. Elias smiles and traces his freckles lightly with the pad of his finger.Peter turns a bit blue while his eyes shine a bit brightly.“Um- im not that good of a story teller like you but i can- i can try? Should I start there or like when we first met?” Pasha answers before Elias could say anything.“From the beginning!”And so Peter starts from the beginning.“Ok- so i was camping when-”“Nuu, start like- Once upon a time! That's how Lie did!” Peter sighs at her request, but smiles nonetheless.“Once upon a time a very lost sailor was in the forest after spending the night there. He was going to part soon to try and find a town when he saw-”And the story from Peter’s perspective was quite different from his. He watched him entranced as he explained what happened and what he saw and felt. It was intoxicating to see it from his perspective. Not being able to see into his head felt crippling, like a hole in Elias' awareness that he wanted to fill. This is as close as he will get.Owl finally flies down from his perch and jumps to the back of the couch to listen in. His companions stare at it and him. He sighs and says it's a long story, he will tell them later. They all get tired and eventually Elias is pulled to lay on top of Peter to nap. “You can work later” That was the taller man's excuse. He was exhausted so he accepted, he needed this. Pasha curled up between them and it was perfect. Owl was sprawled over his legs, the only one missing was Captain and it would almost be like before.Elias is almost asleep, enough so that he is sure he imagines the kiss to the top of his head.
  
    Chapter Text
    He tells Peter about the owl eventually, at least that means they don't have to keep trying to find the center of the tunnels, only try and figure out who is still trespassing. He doesn't tell him about the memories from Jonah because… it really doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things.Elias just knows a bit more and that's about it, they aren't the same person, they don't even have the same life. Some things seem to be constants, his mother and the lake for example. But the rest? It's not the same.Still, he doesn't have time for exploring or figuring out the identity of the one down there, since finally the kings and queens start to arrive and that- that is quite the issue. Peter has to remain unseen since Simon will be there and he doesn't want to be discovered. Elias lost the shape shifting bracelet with Nikola so he cant even use it to hide in plain sight this time around.Which is an issue that makes him fret.“I mean how likely would it be for him to recognize you? He is the king i'm sure he doesn't-”“Elias? Trust me he will know, my family really messed up with him. The moment he realizes I'm here I will be in so much trouble…” And that wont do.“Ok, keep yourself in the fog then, try to stay with the staff-” He paces across the dock. “Keep Pasha out of trouble and we will be fine! I will deal with all the people around, the ball is in a week after all, this is a time to just meet up and make a few alliances. Or in my case make sure no one plans anything by digging a bit into their heads” Peter sits under a tree and looks at him go, flowers seem to bloom around him.“And make sure that no one sees you do that dear, they will ask questions” The sailor looks down and makes a guilty look.“I don't really know how to stop it, it has started to happen more frequently” Concerning.“Look… after they go and I secure a… marriage proposal I will look into all the books I have to help you. There must be something about people who got half turned into fae somewhere I'm sure.” Peter puts on a conflicted face and actively scowls at the marriage part, Elias ignores it.“Listen, I have to… I have a reason, ok? Just trust me it's important. Now, Maxwell will be here and you have to behave, as for the representative from Mooreland…. well its not the prince, but i reckon the queen wouldn’t sent him outright i think this is the first time in 200 years that they come to one of the anual balls, so let's see how that goes”  Peter chokes. Elias turns to him and sees him struggle to breath so he quickly goes to him and hits his back in a panic.“Are you ok?! What happened, do you need water-” It turns into a coughing fit soon enough that he has to look at, since there is nothing he can do. If he runs off for help he is concerned he might pass out. Once its over, finally!!! Peter asks him very winded and red faced-“What do you mean someone from Mooreland is coming?” Right, he didn't want to spook him. See how that went for him.“I got a letter from the queen saying she was sending someone, apparently the invitation I sent months ago made it. Seems she changed her mind about not sending anyone like usual” His friend's face was very red until it turned very pale very soon, is he having a stroke or something?“Why didn't you tell me?” And that-“Well… you were already upset enough about Maxwell and I know you keep saying that Mooreland is probably better than him, but I thought you would freak out too and do something” Feeble excuse he  knows .It seems to hurt him, which after what he told him the other day is the last thing he wants.“Look, i trust you but i just-” The man shakes his head, making him shut up and scowl. Not at Peter, but at himself for being so paranoid and difficult.“Just- just let me think” As much as he wants to ask about what- Elias rolls his eyes and says he needs to go back to the castle. “Agnes will arrive first as usual and i need to talk with her, look just… keep yourself hidden and it will be fine ok? This will pass soon enough its just going to be two very hectic weeks that’s all. Do you need to go see doctor Elliot? That coughing fit is getting worse” His friend shakes his head and says he just swallowed wrong due to surprise.“Its nothing Elias, truly” Well… if he says so. Town is excited, when the kings and queens come the place becomes more active so people are milling about and talking about if they will be able to see any of the guests.Elias for his part merely has a headache.Simon arrives first, he never comes first, he drops at the last moment to be a nuisance to his existence usually. The flying ship descends on the beach and Elias has to go find the old man and corral him to the castle while Simon prattles nonstop. He tries to lightly incite him to come when the man shakes his head and says to wait.“For what?” His answer comes when a woman, a very tall tanned woman comes out of the ship looking around in curiosity.Oh shit.Titania's white fluffy hair sort of floats up, making it look like a cloud of sorts. Her blue eyes pin him in place and when she smiles he sees fangs. Elias feels as if the earth moves under his feet.Watching her stand next to Simon is quite an experience. She is like two heads and a half taller than him and that is without using heeled shoes as she is prone to. The fae queen loves to tower over people in some sort of power move.Besides that, Simon matches her quite well with his own silver short hair due to age and tanned skin. Both have their uncovered pointy ears showing off proudly, after all no one would mess with them for being what they are, that would be very, very stupid for the person doing it. Every last kingdom knows not to mess with Simon and his partner.The old king looks up at Titania with the face of pure adoration that Elias only sees him use when looking up to the sky, and in a way that's what he is doing.“Hello there Elias, it's been a long while” She offers her hand and despite doing this every time, he accepts and kisses it.He feels like he is drowning in an endless ocean.Feeling his gut churn he tries to recompose and smile at her.“The pleasure is mine, Simon did not confirm you would be coming, said something of you resting… i should look into rooming and-”“Oh nonsense we will share a room, I was resting but I wanted to stretch my legs a bit, this one was hovering a lot and it was making me nervous” The flappant way she just dismisses Simon, who merely laughs and nods, is frightening.Then again out of the two of them she is the one with the actual destructive power.Elias shivers a bit. Primordial fae’s are quite something and those who have human shapes are even more worrisome than the one choosing animal forms. They can mingle with humans far easier and cause more trouble.“I… see, it's good to see you both doing well, i hope your stay is enjoyable, why don't we go inside while your servants bring in your stuff” Both nod and follow. Titania’s dress was a deep blue, for some reason if he looked at it from the side of his eye it felt as if there was a shadow moving on it.A very incomprehensible shadow.Better to not think about it.Simon’s clothes were far lighter, white shirt and baby blue pants and coat, he even had a bowtie with tiny clouds on it. This man…“So how is the grand kiddo? Last I heard she was still resting” Pasha, swallowing, Elias guides them to the dining room.“She woke up just a few days ago, mostly memoryless but she knows who I am at the very least. So i'm afraid you will have to do introductions once more” Titania touches a few trinkets and he is very afraid they will fall and break. Simon nods at him seriously.“That's ok, I am glad you didnt get to lose your little one. The boy you sent? Danny? Is doing very well at the orphanage, the changelings and even other kids seem to love him, funny guy, quite… stretchy. Several Fae families and even human ones who couldn't have kids wanted to adopt them! Since the changelings can match up both of the parents it works quite well” That's actually relieving to know, Tim says he got a few letters from his brother so it's nice to have confirmation of things going well.“How do you deal with the feeding part… you know they need to eat memories for that” Titania makes a vase float and grins wildly at it. Elias can't really do anything less he gets cursed.Simon pats her arm and she pouts before putting it down carefully back in place. It's quite unbelievable to see.“Well, just as there are blood banks for the vampires, we are accepting donations of memories people would rather forget for them to eat. As it is? People have a lot of those that they would rather see go. Mostly embarrassing ones to be honest. One memory can feed them for a month. When they grow they will need more, but by then they can go make their own deals to get them as per their nature” Huh.“Quite the useful system you have” Simon beams at him.“It is! And Aella has so many people that there is no shortage of memories for them to munch on, isnt it exciting? What about you, how are you going to feed her?” There is the table, as for when that runs out of memories…“We have a cursed object that stole a lot of memories so she can feed from it for now, once its empty… well, i'm sure i can get some people who aren't really needed to give to her” He would never admit to such a thing to anyone else, but-Simon and Titania both chuckle and congratulate him.“Oh you really have gone dad mode with this one, that's remarkable!” His fellow king walks making little jumps while falling very slowly. Almost as if he was floating up.“When my little cloud said that you changed, I didn't believe it, but I was wrong! How interesting, for the little one you will hunt food to keep her well fed. How uncharastically kind of you Elias” Titania seemed impressed which was quite the feat. Albeit these two are quite something, only people who would claim he is becoming a dad by threathening to dissapear someone.Then again they are also mostly a pain in the ass. They tease him and bother him even while eating, eventually he manages to point to their room and escape to receive Agnes who is coming already by the town. Simon makes him promise to show him Pasha later to which he has to agree.
  
  
Gertrude is at the entrance of the castle with him waiting, she looked like she had sucked on a lemon.Good.Elias watches the charred carriage stop in front of them, the fire horses pulling at it give him a mean look. General Jude comes out first waiting to help Agnes out, she was in a black scorched armor, that he was surprised wasn't burning her since the entire carriage was piping hot.From inside a woman with deep dark auburn hair stepped out, her skin was pale and had lots of freckles adorning it. Unlike the fashion of her general, her carriage and the other servants coming, she was dressed in soft oranges, reds and yellows, her skirt reached her ankles and was a bit puffy, her top had emborillings of leafs and flowers. And her crown-Agnes' crown that had always been black metal simulating charred earth had now metallic red roses decorating it, as if they bloomed from the desolation. He is distracted from his watching by her brown eyes looking at him with a bit of melancholy. She always looked like she was a bit out of there.A man stepped out behind her, or more like almost falling behind her. Light curled brown hair, had a few burns in his arms and cheek. He seemed a bit clumsy, Jude scowled at him, but Agnes smiled. It struck him that it was the first genuine happy smile he has ever seen her make.She helps him stand up straight and the man blushes profusely and apologizes to her, yet Agnes merely pats his cheek with her gloved hands making him splutter and grin at her. She quickly kisses her fingers and puts them on his cheek.He turns completely red and laughs nervously while she guides him towards him and Gertrude. Agnes hasn't aged a day since he met her.“Elias, Gertrude” The young looking woman greets them while Jude barks orders to the servants to hurry and bring the queen’s stuff out.“Your highness its an honor to have you here. Likewise to meet your husband” Elias politely answers back. The man nods at him and introduces himself.“Jack Barnabas your majesty, it's a pleasure to meet you” Elias' face remains impassive despite the fact that his last name reminded him of someone else.“Congratulations to you two, Elias shall we guide them to their room?” Gertrude was as blunt and probably more dry than ever. Agnes looks at her with something akin to sadness, but when she looks at her partner it seems to evaporate. The queen of Solai and her husband walk hand in hand.If you had told him that he would see Agnes smile or blush to a comment her husband made, Elias would call you insane. Yet that's what happens, she doesn't speak as much as Simon, she had always been a bit more introverted, but unlike other times where he found it unnerving thinking that she must be plotting something horrible. This time he takes it for what it truly is.Agnes is just very awkward and socially inept. Which makes total sense considering the reasoning behind her birth and also being raised by the court who were fanatics of the queen of the fire fae.She has the power of destruction in her, but she just… doesnt use it. Agnes is not inherently evil as he thought, Elias realised that life is more complicated than that. That the things he used to believe aren't quite right. It has been a very, very weird year for him.
  
  
The ones who come at the same time almost giving him a heart attack are the royals of the Berserker kingdom, princess Melanie and the king, Alfred Grifter. Not related by any means, you win the chance to be of the royal family by quite literally fighting your way in. Something Melanie was very good at apparently.Arthur could fight, but he was a bard at heart, he became king by creating a death song that caused anyone who heard it to enter berserker status and kill everyone around, including the previous king. So by law he took the spot.His first command as king was to create musical schools to teach people the power of music and its abilities. Despite being a kingdom based on violence it also coincidentally made the best bards in all the land. If you wanted good music you hired a bard from the kingdom of Agrona.Melanie was a very violent young lady who won a fight contest held by Alfred who wanted to find an heir. Despite her small stature and brightly colored hair she was quite possibly one of the strongest fighters. Not the best, she lacked finess, but her strength was definitely not normal.She also hated Elias with a passion, apparently he was too posh and fake and it pissed her off.Alfred was ironically enough more friendly to him. Albeit his reasoning was a bit concerning…“I can hear the music you make, it's very calm, but under it there is a thrum for violence and fury that would fit right in at home. I hope to be able to hear your chorus one of these days” This man frightens him. His sunken face, bloodshot eyes and graying messy hair gave him a look of derangement that was intimidating. Along their entrance there was also a single representative from Terminus, without a king they just sent someone to keep an eye on the other kingdoms.Georgina Baker says hi and shakes her skeletal hand with him. She wears gloves of course, but it doesn't disguise the lack of…. flesh. The Lich woman smiles gently at him, she is not fully dead, only… partially, spell gone wrong apparently.“Tried to save a friend and well, here I am” She has an aura that repels him, Oliver? He can take no problem, Georgina makes him incredibly uncomfortable.“I'm sorry for your loss then” She nods sadly.“I will go to my room, the journey left me beat, plus the Admiral wants to nap doesn't he?” He wonders what she means when a ghostly cat appears sitting on her shoulder.“Wow-” She laughs and pets the animal with her skeletal hand.“Can only touch him with this, sorry if you wanted to pet him a bit” Its fascinating and he did move his hand towards him. “Ah, shame then, i am fond of cats myself” Her smile turns a bit brighter at that.“Is that so? Do you have one?” And technically he does.“Cat owl and my friend's pet cat too. Albeit that one is a bit picky with who can touch him” Georgine grins and says she would love to see them, so he promises to later show him his own.He has an idea for a name already for the little owl beast.What he does find curious is how easy Melanie and Georgie seem to hit it off, but then again, death follows the slaughter left by the berserkers. It makes sense they would actually get on. Elias doesn't see Peter, Pasha, Helen or Tim all day long. He meets up with Sasha by accident along with Martin who was trying to blend in which is kind of funny considering he is pretty much a ghost. The white haired man laughs nervously and says that Tim invited them to have some drinks and they were waiting for him.“Albeit there are a lot of important people so we should probably go” Sasha for her part snorts and has a bright and excited look in her eyes.“Or maybe we should try to sell them more stuff. They are rich and can pay for my products-” Good lord.“Ms James not the time, please i am already stressed enough and tomorrow there will be more people arriving”Four more kingdoms. Erebus, Mooreland, Hilltop and Enki.With a sigh he goes to talk with the guests and prays to be able to see the others before tomorrow when things will become far more complicated. His wish comes true albeit not the way he expected. Peter managed to drag him in the morning to Miriam's place to drink some coffee with him and Pasha who takes bites of cake while hidden away in the sailors sleeve. She hasn't been able to change into her child shape yet it seems. When he asks her she becomes apprehensive. “Remember a bit of being like that, only have the picture for reference so Pasha needs to focus a lot” Right, she originally based herself on young Sasha and later on started to look different by copying others.“Its ok princess, whenever you are ready” Peter smiles at them and asks about how did it go with the other’s” Sighing he presses his cheek to the palm of his hand.“Tiring i suppose, Simon and Titania are trouble makers, Melanie and Alfred both look like they are on the verge of stabbing someone or starting to sing and cause a bloodbath. Georgina is actually very pleasant but has an aura of death so strong its repelling. Ironically enough i think Agnes and Jack are the best guests despite the fact that my general and Jude seem to want to throttle each other at a moments notice when they chaperone them” Peter starts to laugh and its-It makes him relax, it feels a bit silly now. Elias thrums his fingers on the table, his ring shines more often. He doesn't like it one bit, but one problem at the time.“Today should arrive the new monarch of Hilltop, Maxwell, the representative from Mooreland and Mr Guillespie” Joshua is… just a guy.A very smart and down to earth man, but compared to most kings and queens? He literally is just a regular man in charge of the biggest kingdom of the land.Enki goes so far underground that no one has any idea how large it literally is. He thinks even Joshua doesn't know how far reaching the place is. Hezekiah started it all with a shovel and a lot of giant mole creatures he found and raised from birth. He was blessed by the earth with a longer lifespan and had only recently retired to just… lay on the ground till it was time to go. At least that's what he told him he was going to do last year.“That's… good, i hope it's easy for you to manage” Peter is not thrilled, its obvious, it makes him feel a bit upset at him. Now he gets jealous huh?“Let's hope so dear” Carefully Peter touches his hand, Elias wants to squeeze it back, but ultimately pulls back and smiles wanly at him.“I should go, it was a nice surprise Peter” His face falls a bit, but he nods and they pay.On their way back Elias notices a familiar face in the crowd.“Tim?” He doesn't react outright, that's when he remembers Peter is making them sort of invisible so he moves closer and taps his shoulder startling him.“Wha- Elias? How are you- Peter! Ah, makes more sense then” The sailor is now standing next to him as Tim actually blabbers nervously.“And well i am quite busy i have a- a sort of date so you guys should go… now” He thinks about Sasha.“Is Miss James around then?” Pasha peaks from her hiding spot in Peter’s sleeve.“Sasha? Timmy, I wanna see Sasha!” Tim starts to laugh albeit it seems forced.“It's not- it's not Sasha, we talked and she wanted to be friends, albeit she is fine with some cuddling- Ok not the point. I just have a date and you need to go” He pushes them-
   He is his king!!  
The indignation makes him put his feet down to not be moved, how dare he.“Timothy, you do remember that i am your boss right?” The sickly sweet tone makes him gulp.“Ah, yeah- hahaha, funny how that works, but I mean it you two should go.  Especially Peter” Confused, he looks to the man who seems to have some sort of realization because his face turns to a bland little smile and he starts to stand menacingly next to Tim.“It wouldn’t be someone that I know right? I mean you did say you wouldn't try again, right?” Tim is sweating.“Funny story actually, I went to get some coffee….” Before he could tell the story, he hears the crowd become silent. Unnaturally so. When he turns around a carriage passes by, its grey, white and washed out blue.Somehow neither the horses or carriage makes a single sound, as if it was muffled, the people all become quiet and look sort of hazy, kind of like when Peter uses his magic. He recognizes the family crest.“We have to go, talk to you later Tim” Elias holds Peter’s hand and drags him back to the castle. Rosie should be able to meet up with the representative while he quickly changes. Peter moves in because he is holding his hand, he seemed just as afected by the visitor as everyone else.God he hopes whoever came is not a problem. Once in the castle Peter pretty much disappears from sight, he gives him Pasha since Elias promised Simon to let them meet, and then he just-Puff gone.
   Weird. 
“Is daddy ok?” Elias figures he is upset about him meeting up with whoever came, since it's one step closer to a marriage.“He… will be fine, don't worry, how about you help me pick a coat and we meet our new guest hm?”“Yaays” The owl-cat pushes a dark green vest in his direction and drops a pair of gloves on the bed. Well, that's a seal of approval if he sees one. Pasha picks up a black shirt and pants saying he will look great. He thanks her and scratches the little beast in the bed.“Say… what do you think of the name Duchess?” The creature looks up at him and for a moment he feels a spark of joy not belonging to him.“You like that? My Duchess?” The animal rolls around the bed and starts to purr while grooming Pasha who seems happy.“Warm and raspy!” Her wings fluff up a bit and she is a ball of feathers and fur. Adorable. He leaves the two black orbs in bed while he changes in the bathroom. Once done he picks up Pasha and Duchess follows them. “Don't you want to sta-” She grabs his pant leg with her front talon and makes a disapproving sound.“Fine, fine” When Elias arrives he sees the very odd scene of Peter and a short man, locked up in some sort of silent conversation while Rosie looks on confused.“Is… there a problem?” Both men turn to him. Rosie sighs exasperated.“We bumped into Mr Foster and-”“Lady Rosie? It's ok. Hello your highness, Tadeas Dahl at your service, i work as the… oldest prince royal advisor” Tadeas was around his height, a bit bigger in size then him thought, his dark hair was in a ponytail. Elias noticed that he had a neatly trimmed beard, only because standing next to Peter it was obvious in comparison. His sailor friend by all means looked like a fluffier version of the Tadeas, even his hair was tied up a bit now that he was letting it grow.“It's a pleasure to meet you, i was surprised to get an answer to the invitation, i assumed it would be rejected like… every other year” Even with the letters to Aaron he was sure it wouldn't happen. It was obvious that the kingdom was very closed off.“Well, special circumstances are about” He sounded a bit strained.“Is that so…?” “Yes, well we should discuss this later perhaps? I wish to rest if you don't mind your highness, the journey was… harsh. Lady Rosie was being a wonderful host.” Tadeas turns to her and gives her a smile that she mirrors, albeit hesitantly.“Of course you may tell me about it later. Peter? Weren't you going to do  something else ?” He is trying his best to not chew him a new one now. If he did something to stop him from getting an alliance-“Ah- yes, I was going to the  beach  to check a few things on my  ship  ! Will stay there for a while  if you need to find me . Don't want to be in the way anymore. Apologies for bothering you Mr Dahl. You too Rosie” Quickly he turns around and stalks off. Tadeas for his part asks Rosie to show him his room and they go the opposite direction.What the hell.“What did just happen?” Pasha giggles and Duchess shakes her head.
  
  
Joshua comes a few hours later in… well he is unsure how to describe it? A metal carriage that doesn't need horses.When asked he says it's a car.“Need it for the highway back home” ???????????“Is it magically enhanced?” He shakes his head and drinks a bit of tea.“Its just pure mechanical engineering. The mole rats should be focused on digging, not taking us to places, so they are now free to expand underground. For their own part the giant sand worms are currently in the process to start a province with the sand people. We will enter peace after some very tumultuous months” ????? Elias has no idea what the hell he is talking about so he asks and gets an entire exposition about some conflict between underground dwellers and the functioning of the cars. To be honest it's quite the riveting conversation and if it wasn't because Joshua winned the spot as king by basically outwitting Hezekiah he would have asked him to marry for political purposes.“How is Hezekiah by the way? Last time I heard of him he said he was going to lay down and wait for the end” Joshua nods, again his assessment of him being just a guy is put right in the front of his mind, he looks completely like someone you would pass on the street and not give a second thought. Dark brown hair, the beginning of a beard as if he forgot to shave in the morning, a bit of a crooked nose, like he got punched and broke it, and pale skin, which is normal for the people living in the underground city.“He still is, he misses his old partner. But so far he hasn't been able to become one with the earth. We did a funeral, he gave his own eulogy, it was very touching albeit he did keep almost falling asleep in the middle of it. We reckon it's a matter of time before he actually bites it. But until then he is just chilling and telling everyone that he is dead while we remind him that as long as he is able to tell us that, its not true” He blinks several times trying to not say something stupid and wrap his head around what he just said.“I see…” Conversation continues and Elias moves on, Pasha naps on his shoulder and Joshua asks about her. He admits to keeping her as his charge.“Changeling? Huh, surprising. Congratulations then, should you do a party to present her to society? I mean you did get a heir and-”“No, no, not an heir, she is… too young anyways and I don't want to trap her here, she should get to choose her future at the very least. Don’t think she would be happy to be queen” Mr Gillespy shrugs.“Sometimes it's just a matter of luck, and not opening the wrong door” Right the “Do not open test”“Yeah…” Elias does think a bit about her future, but as always it depends on everyone’s opinion of the supernatural and how accepting they are of it after the attack of the changelings.He doesn't want to trap her here and give her a responsibility that she doesn't want. She and Peter should be able to go and explore on their own.Even if Elias has to stay. Simon loves her, Titania frightens Pasha at first but when she makes her float up she seems to adore her sky grandma.“Again gran gran!!!” And he was afraid she would be offended by the comment, but Titania laughs and makes her float around with her.“Of course!!” Simon says that none of the Fairchilds call Titania mom or grandma, only aunty or queen.“She must be having the time of her life, Pasha is as delightful as ever. The ones that you sent us? Like little ducklings following everyone around” He can't help but snort. Elias can definitely see it.Elias has fun watching her float up peacefully. That is until she starts to make weird faces and bubbles up a bit.“Pasha? You aren't going to throw up are you-” Please don't let that be, the blue thing was hard to remove.“Nu, Pasha wants to-” She shifts and its familiar, she bubbles up and grows in size until she looks like the general shape of a child. Then it pops! And a child with a blue dress is floating up.She looked a bit different.Titania, when she sees her face clearly, suddenly drops them to the ground. Elias in a bout of panic manages to barely catch his child. Pasha asks to do that again while he breathes heavily.She has scars, the original one in her face, a few new scrapes. Her arm has the biggest one, it circles around her forearm and looks as if it had broken up in pieces. Like a shattered porcelain doll.Her face was similar enough, perhaps a bit more chubby, she even had her dad’s freckles. No, the main differences were the hair and eyes. Her hair is black like Peter’s and curly like Helen’s but now its much shorter, like a tiny fluffy bob. What draws his eye is the two blond streaks framing her face.Along with her grey eyes-Pasha used to have blue ones that matched Peter. She grins at him and touches his face with her tiny hands.“Hi dad, do you like it?” She smiles brightly with her fangs, pointy ears and-Ah there is the tail swishing under her dress. She looks like a combination of him and Peter. When he looks at it better he sees the shape of her nose matches his a bit more now too.“Oh i love it princess” Charmed and… moved to a high degree he spins her a bit making her laugh and hold tight to him. “Pasha wanted to surprise me! Had to think what to do to make herself Pasha only” She is no longer a copy of Sasha.“Of course, you are you” And that simple phrase seemed to make her unbelievably happy.When he turns to his companions he notices that Titania looked at Pasha with intense focus, Simon as well seemed like he was looking for something. He puts her down and she walks towards them with a shy smile.“Grampa Si can we play again? I wanna go up!” She lifts up her arms and Titania’s face does something he doesn't understand. Pasha lowers her arms and starts to look a bit discouraged.“Did Pasha do something bad? Do you not like how Pasha looks? I can change-” Elias intervenes because fuck it! If she is happy he is not about to let them make her feel bad-“I do! It's just… you reminded me…. us, of our nephew. We don't know where he is, and you look a lot like him as a child. But you are you… and that's what matters! So yes we can play little one” Simon picks her up and lifts her up in the air.“Really, really?” Simon nods.“Really! Right, my open Sky?” Titania grapples with an answer for a bit, but when she sees Pasha move her hands to get her to pick her up she caves.“Oh yes dear, My Mimsy would dote on you so much if she saw you” Elias stays and watches until king Neil's arrival makes him pick up Pasha and take her to Helen who is happy to babysit.“Oh we will have so much fun deary!”“Please don't corrupt her” Helen winks at him.
  
  
Neil Lagorio is a special case, since the people in town selected him as their new monarch after Annabell’s death. The man is reasonable and a bit nervous, but he seems to know what he is doing.“I was an inventor before this, I was working on some projects to bring about entertainment to the people. The queen… well she came to visit and then my memory goes blank. Im re working on it. Being king is… complicated, but I enjoy it more than being a puppet of my own body.” He nods.“Understandable” The man nodded sagely at him.“Yeah… speaking of which, I found some notes from Annabell? They mentioned a project with you and king Simon, something about some towers to be able to communicate long distance with technomagic. I was checking it and I believe we can make it work. I have knowledge about transmissions. If we put some effort we should be able to pull it through”Elias has to mask his excitement, after her demise he was sure the project would be dead.“Is that so? Well, I think we should talk with Simon during these days… arrange a few things, plan a bit more…” That sets the man at ease and they talk of business until late at night. When the sky turns dark, finally Maxwell arrives like the attention seeker he is.He sighs he was expecting it, but he had hopes he wouldn't be such a show off about it. He sweeps into the room and locks milky white eyes with him. Elias sees him smirk arrogantly and he already wants to punch him in the throat.Alfred mumbles something about hearing the pipes. “Elias is such a pleasure to see you” He grabs his hand and kisses it making him want to pull back, but refraining so due to etiquette.Maxwell was half a head taller than him, his black hair was pushed back and had only a few strands falling to the front, his eyes were the usual milky white that he grew used to see. He wasn't blind, not by a long shot, but he did look the part.Like Joshua he was pale as if the sun didn't touch his skin in years. Finally the short beard made him look awfully sinister.He was handsome, he would give him that, but he gave an off putting vibe that repelled him instantly. His dark magic tried to blind his power of seeing and it made him sick.Maxwell wore a complete black ensemble with a few silver details. The most noticeable bit was the crest of his kingdom proudly displayed over his heart, an open palm with a closed eye over it.The opposite of Opperior’s owl with its eyes wide open.“Likewise, Maxwell, a bit late if I say” He doesn't release his hand and its making feel unnerved.“Figured i should do an entrance, wanted to catch your, heh, eye a bit” The pun falls flat to him. Unclenching his jaw and smiling amicably he laughs out of compromise.“I see, well you did it, thankfully you arrived before dinner so you may enjoy it with everyone else” His companion nods and pulls him to stand close to him. He remains with a smile even if he wants to rip his throat out with his teeth.The bastard will probably find it hot.“I'm sure i have a seat next to you, i haven't seen you in so long even if i did send you invitations often enough. And no, dont say you are busy i did hear about your trip to Hilltop and Aella dear” He fucking despises him.“Of course Maxwell. Also those were out of necessity, you dont reject and invitations of Hiltop and Simon needed urgent help” Please release my hand, please release my fucking hand-! He pulls a bit but the other wont stop holding him.It's possessive and he hates it.
   Get the hint you asshole. 
“Mm, what if i needed help with something would you come to my aid?” Like a pet to a master thats what he fucking means.“Only if it's life or death Maxwell dear” Finally, finally he releases him and steps back, not before ducking down and kisses his cheek.THE NERVE!His nerves frayed, he spits out that he should hurry to leave his things in his room. Staff will guide him.“Won't you?” Maxwell gives him a calculating gaze that makes him shiver. “No, I'm afraid I can't, I have to attend to the others. Now if you excuse me”  Maxwell’s room is as far away as possible from his, and the entire staff was briefed to not let a single person enter his chambers or wing of the castle.“Mr Foster is on that list sir?” Samuel, one of the new hires, asked timidly. He sighs.“Mr Foster, can come and go as he pleases, do not disturb him. Same as for Pasha. If you see Helen- No i will not explain Helen again i know you are aware of her, i have seen several of you slacking off to play cards with her please keep up. She is also allowed to come by, not that she can be stopped. Mr Stoker also can since he is Gertrude's assistant. Everyone else needs my permission ok?”Thank god everyone is competent here, otherwise he would be very pissed off. The dinner is… a success in the sense that no one dies.Even if there were some close calls. Simon by sheer principle of disliking the earth magic detests Joshua who is chatting with Neil about technology. To be obnoxious he comments about his own discoveries to brag, which Mr Guillespie just…Doesn't seem to catch on. Hezekiah and Simon had the biggest rivalry, Joshua is just excited to hear about science of any kind. Same as Neil. Melanie, thank god for this, is distracted by Georgina. He even sees the berserker princess flush a few times at some of the things the Lich woman says.Alfred talks with Tadeas, whom Titania stares down with a steely gaze that makes him wonder what the hell went down with Mooreland and Aella. Tadeas seemed to be sweating under the focus of the fae queen.Agnes and Jack eat and chat, or more like Jack does, she looks at the food without eating it and nods at his comments with a small smile. Maxwell talks to him and he has to do everything in his power to not snap. A marriage with him would be a total nightmare.
  
  
He crashes face first into his bed and groans, that was a nightmare and there are a few more days of that before the ball. Elias is going to go insane at this rate.Tomorrow he will need to talk to Tadeas, just to see if he has a better shot with the prince. Lord knows he can't stand Rayner. Before he falls asleep dressed up and all, he hears a knock on the door, with a grumble he gets up and opens. Peter, Pasha, as a child, and Captain are there. He sees he is holding a slice of chocolate cake.“God i could marry you” It leaves his mouth unprompted, because he is tired and had a shitty night. Peter laughs it off, even if he sees his face turn pinkish.“Oh you tease. Here, figured you would need it, made it myself albeit the rest ended up in someone else's stomach…” Pasha gives him a thumbs up, god he loves them. She goes and climbs to the bed, Captain starts to follow her, but stops at seeing Duchess staring at him from a chair. Shit- will they fight or-His owl cat jumps down and rubs her face against the other cat. They were the same size. Captain just stays still and then starts to reciprocate.Huh.Closing the door Peter enters and they sit in the bed while Pasha sits on Peter’s lap and tells the two of them about her day after Elias left her with Helen. Peter comments about what he was up to and the amount of times he had to make a run for it from Simon or Titania view.Elias listens and leans against him, he mentions Maxwell, omitting the part of him being forceful. Won't do to say that, even less so with the child there. His partner catches onto his mood and carefully wraps an arm around him.This was what he wanted.After a while he goes to change and wash his teeth. Pasha wants to stay and sleep there but Peter says that's not proper.She stops and looks at him.“But- but I thought- Pasha thought she remembered staying with daddy and Eye? Was that not right?” Elias looks at Peter who has a complicated look that he knows is his fault.“It is, but Eye can't let us stay anymore ok?” Elias' throat dries up. Just one night, the last one. He can give them this at least.“You can stay just this once, but afterwards Pasha you have to go to sleep with Peter or- actually you have your own room…” Her face looked lost.“That you will use once you get a bit more used to everything. So yes today we can have a sleepover” She cheers at that. Peter looked at him and asked if he was sure.If he is honest he wanted nothing more.“Yes, just for today.”The three of them climb into bed and it's just Pasha next to him, smiling.“Hi Lie” He has to close his eyes and stop himself from tearing up. He didn't think he would get to have her again.“Hey Pasha” Peter stays on his back next to him. Elias bites his lip and decides for one night to just say fuck it. He lays next to him and presses his head against his shoulder. “Goodnight Peter” He stays quiet for a bit before replying likewise.“Night daddy, night Lie. Love you” She cuddles his side and Elias is in between the two people he cares about the most again. He falls asleep very quickly. By morning he will wake up to Peter holding him while Pasha grabs Elias shirt with her tiny hands. He relishes it for as long as he can. Duchess and Captain are both curled up at their feet, she uses her wings to cover up the fluffy cat.He hopes that the rest of the day can be as nice as this.
  
    Chapter Text
    The last few weeks have been rather cruel for him in a sense. Every attempt he makes to get closer to Elias and just kiss him is rebuffed. Not only that but the man does it in such a way that Peter is left so upset about it he doesn't insist. Merey changes the conversation and hopes to move past it.It stings! Because it feels like Elias is constantly giving him mixed signals all over, Peter is being far more forward than he is used to and the little king seems to accept his advances but at the last moment he pulls back leaving him confused and cold.His heart can't take this for much longer. At any rate it's the curse or the congenital heart disease that does him in. … He is kidding he doesnt think that would kill him, fairly sure he is too magical for such a thing to actively harm him by now. Regardless, having to deal with Elias' rejections wears a bit on him, Tim and Helen encourage him and tell him that he cares, but even so Peter still feels a bit hesitant. There are moments where he knows with some weird clarity that Elias may love him, but then those go away and the self doubt returns along with the way he pushes him away.It's a constant pull and push. Only this time it's him who is pulling and the other man pushes away.Peter writes fake letters from his brother while begging that he will not hate him for the deceit if he survives the curse. Tim is right, he is taking away his choices, but its for his own….No, Peter doesn't lack the self awareness to not know he is in the wrong here. He is fully conscious of what this looks like and the anger he will evoke later on. But anger directed at him, while he is still alive to receive it is better than a quiet death where he will never get to hear the little king yell for being careless, stupid and an asshole.He can almost picture it, he saw the way he reacted to Pasha’s lie. In her case maybe it's forgiven since she is a child, but Peter is an adult fully capable of making decisions. Even if those are not good ones.
  
  
Elias wants to kill him for  real . Exploring the tunnels again, after everything is the worst idea he had so far and he would love to shake him and ask what is wrong with him.Instead he agrees to help him explore, because he refuses this time to let things go poorly for him. Truly  he does, if anything happens like with the fog and rot Peter will lose his mind.Because there is a truth here, Peter can't imagine a life where Elias dies before him, he thinks that he would just become a wall of fog on the spot. Tim will have to look after Pasha, because Peter will not be strong enough to survive his curse if that happens.If his grandfather died because he had no one to give his feelings to, then Peter will surely dissolve the moment something like that happens. It scares him quite a lot and just imagining Elias dying makes him lose air.His nightmares about Jane came to Peter less often, but of course they got replaced by the ones from the circus, of the fake Elias dying in front of him or being tortured.Peter still wakes up with a cold sweat in bed and tries to knock on the wall, but he remembers at the last minute that he no longer sleeps next to the king's room and cannot check on him. Instead he stays awake trying to calm down his heart. Exploring the tunnels together is… nice, albeit he would like to spend time alone with him while not trying to activate any magical traps that could kill them. That would improve their stay marginally in his eyes.Alas, that is not going to happen.His only consolation is that due to his improved eyesight in the dark zones he gets to hold hands with Elias without any question. And if they both let them linger a bit more after they move somewhere with light, then it's really no concern of anyone but themselves. Sometimes the nightmares are too much, sometimes Captain curling up next to him in bed is not enough to keep him there. So he gets up and moves around the castle. The animal complains and whines till Peter relents and pulls him in a coat pocket to take him with. More often than not they end up in the room Pasha is being held in. He cant bring himself to go to her room, everything looks just as it did before she got hurt. The maids only cleaned the dust, but never moved anything. It feels like a tomb of sorts. He wants to believe that the moment she wakes up and brings life it it, that will pass. Peter has to believe that, because the alternative is her never waking up.A lack of memories he can deal with, because it means she is  alive and to him that matters more. It will hurt if she doesn't remember, but she is there and they can make new memories. He wants to.Then a small and awful voice in his head says that if she didn't remember and he couldn't break the curse then he would be doing her a favour by since she couldn't feel any pain caused by his loss. Its a terrible thing to think, no doubt, but it doesn't…It doesn't make it any less true.He wants to live and he will fight for it, but if he fails…. he wants her to be happy. She can stay with Elias and be happy just the two of them at the very least.Tim and Helen will be there too.He sits in front of the table where she is being held and talks, about what is happening, about the pixies asking about her, about how Opal and Captain miss her. The cat sniffs the plushie of the sea serpent and curls up to it, not before looking at Peter and pressing its paw on it carefully. Opal tries to look for her in his coat, he wishes they would be able to understand.In the end he only returns to his room when the sun starts to rise, by then he was exhausted, enough that he would probably pass out and not remember any dream he had. He can only hope at least.
  
  
He is getting sicker quickly, he assumed he had at least half a year more, but for some reason its spreading faster. It didn't hit him until Elias pointed out the thing with his hair, that's when he started to pay attention and realized that the curse was moving faster.It wasn't just the white hair, albeit Peter is freaking out about it. The tattoos were reaching his neck, in a few more days it would like they were attempting to choke him if it spread any more. The ones on his chest?  They were making their way to his heart, at this rate he has just 3 more months.Why was it moving faster now?!Tim’s suggestion was that maybe he was on the right track so the curse was trying to stop him by killing him before he could attempt to break it.It sounds reasonable enough, after all, Peter hadn't done anything different beyond trying harder to spend time with Elias and get that kiss.So perhaps it is just that. If that's the case they are getting closer then, which is good.On the other hand, if they don't hurry, Peter will die before he can even try to get that kiss.“Maybe if you told him-” His friend tries to help, but he cuts him off.“No, no, if its not that then it's just making him suffer for nothing” Peter doesn't like Tim’s disapproving glance, not one bit, so he scowls at him. They won't have this discussion again, it only leads to unnecessary fights.
  
  
  
Peter’s life gets upturned when Sasha arrives, she looks like Pasha- Or more accurately Pasha looked like her, it was freaky and it made him upset, because… because he does wonder if the little girl would have growed up to be like her one day. Different due to all the things she changed, but still herself.Not a copy but a complete new person.…Backtracking a bit, Sasha unnerved him, so he went to the only person who would understand, or at least thats what he thought.Elias was angry, he never noticed how angry and upset he had been this whole time. Yet Peter was upset as well, how could he not? The little king seemed like he wanted to give up on her because she may not remember.  How could he?!  It was enough of a miracle as it was that she made it, that they could even get her back! How could he not want her? Even memoryless, they got Pasha back, and that's what mattered.She is not gone because she lacks her memories, she is still there, she can make new ones with them! It won't bring back what she lost, but they can give her a better beginning this time.“We are stuck with a husk of our child! We aren't going to get back the Pasha we had, we can't! You can't pretend otherwise. We can't even replicate what happened to her! So stop playing dumb and accept that the child is gone!!!” Peter remains calm until he says that, thats when his own anger comes out, he cannot help it. He is furious at Elias for implying that she is just gone when its not true.“What? What can you possibly say huh?” Elias was red in the face out of anger, he could see it, but Peter for whatever reason did not back down. He hated conflict, but this he could not stand for, not even for Elias. He is not so spineless that he would talk back to him despite his feelings.“Do you truly think that is what made her herself? Or that I don't care? Or think about it??? I do, Elias. I think about it quite a lot. Sasha is- “ He sees him shudder “She looks like her, or well its the other way round truly, but i can get used to it. Even without memories,  Pasha is still herself , to treat it otherwise would be cruel. Do you truly care so little of what she was that you would reject her on that basis? What if her memories come back eventually? What if it's a slow thing, you will begrudge her that? Why not even try to make new ones instead if that worries you so much! Do you want her to wake up alone and lost, so that her first few moments are spent in fear, because you were bitter and angry?” Elias hesitates and Peter steps forward towards him“NO! No, I- I want her back, I want-” He cages him against the desk and sneers at him.“You want everything to go back to how it was, but that's not going to happen. Seems like I'm not the unrealistic one here in the end.” He is not this prone to outbursts, even now his anger is receding, he was never good at being angry for long periods of time, it comes in bursts at most.“Shut-up” Shaking his head Peter stares at him dead on.“I don't want to, because you are being an asshole” He expected many things out of Elias, just not what came next. He should have known better than to keep a fight going.“Pot and kettle Peter, if im an asshole so are you. And if it's anyone's fault? It's yours” He is not sure why he blames them, but it still hurts a lot.Elias keeps going and even pokes his chest punctuating every word he says. It feels like he was being stabbed with daggers all over his chest.“It's your fault, because you got her into our lives. It's your fault, because you shared a room with her for months on end and never noticed anything off. I can be blamed for that too, but I didn't sleep in the same space with her until much later and she was already sick-” Peter steps back every time Elias moves forward, he feels very small all of a sudden and its making him want to go now before he hears something he will not like.Elias doesn't scream, he keeps his voice level headed and it makes his point even more painful.“It's your fault, because you promised me to look after her and you couldn't. I couldn't either, of that I am aware, but you? You were her caretaker and her dad and you failed at raising her.  I wouldn't be surprised if she got the idea of hiding it from you!  Sometimes it feels as if talking about feelings with you  would kill you !! Whatever fucked up parenting you had definitely messed you up there!”Peter stays deadly still while the words go around his head in a loop, the worst part-The absolute worst part is that Elias is not wrong about any of it. In fact he couldn't had hit the nail on the matter even more than he did. Peter was afraid that it was his fault, that Pasha had seen him hide the truth about his illness, about the curse to Elias and thought to do the same. He thinks about it often enough, if it was his fault, if he gave her the example and she copied him. She knew and yet stayed quiet, willing to die. Did she plan on leaving too? Would she have left to spare them and they would have never found out-He feels dizzy. “Say something god dammit, stop proving me right! What do you-”Elias shuts up, but Peter doesn't care, its the truth, all of it, he failed her completely in every way. He made her promise to not tell Elias, let her see him start to slowly be consumed. Didn't notice anything wrong for weeks on end, until it was so painfully obvious. When Elias tries to reach his hand, Peter flinches back. He messed up badly, the worst is knowing that this is still happening, that he is in fact still lying to him like Pasha, sure he has hopes now to beat it, but its not… there is a chance he can't. “I didn't mean-” Quietly he shakes his head, he needs to go.“You did” Elias meant every word and Peter deserved it. It was his fault.“No, i didn't Peter, im- i had been mad for so long and it came out wrong and i don't think-” He needs to leave and stay somewhere quiet to just… not think. Elias attempts to grab his wrist while he uses his magic. For the first time he would rather not have him touch him.The hand passes right through him and he starts to go into the foggy space that will at the very least numb the pain for a while.“I will like to be on my own for a while”When he is out of sight Peter starts to cough and cough. Until he sees fog come out of his mouth, until he cant breath.He coughs until he spits out blood and he has to sit down in some small little corner of the castle until his body can cooperate and move. The first two days he stays in the fog, slowly, ever so slowly it siphons away his feelings leaving him cold and numb inside. He just keeps thinking about what Elias said, the recrimination rings true and it stings.Peter was a bastard and had no right to look after Pasha, to be around Elias, Tim or Helen. He is going to hurt them one way or another.Helen catches sight of him and tries to talk to him in the weird magic space, but he is too out of it and pushes her away. He doesn't catch the small amount of mist seeping into her door. Doesn’t see how it clings to her legs as she moves away. For a bit, for a short moment in time he thought, even if briefly, how nice it would be to stay with the other man and child and how much better he could try to be than his family.Yet, he still scared and hurt Pasha like his mother did to him, he taught her all the wrong things, so much time together and she picked on all his avoidance and self hurt. Even now Peter cannot change that part of him. As much as he tries, the process is slow and harsh, every time he makes a step forward in the right direction he gives two back, making it useless.Peter doesn't have the time to grow or change, he has a death sentence over his head, he has people he cares about yet he drags them into his schemes and problems.Wouldn't it be better if he was  gone- …Blinking rapidly he looks around the foggy and empty version of the castle, thats not right.He only hurts others and makes them miserable he should stay here until he is just bones laying on the sand-He shivers and starts walking, he wants to be warm, the one person he would ask to help him probably hates him and-No, no he doesn't.Elias is mad, but he doesn't hate him and Peter… Peter doesn't want to disappear anymore!Peter wants to  live. Being alone like this? It doesn't make him happy or better. In fact it makes him  worse .Warm… He seeks out the forest and goes to where the fae are. He can't be around people yet, not until his magic is less out of control, not until he has a better grasp on being a person, he stayed too long and too deep inside the fog.
  
  
The third day he sleeps in the forest while the magical creatures keep watch over him, they get him water and steal pastries from town. They know he won't take their food.He was exhausted and hollowed out, but slowly as the creatures asked questions and played nearby while singing little songs he felt a bit more there. Felt like there was someone there who cared.It lulled him to sleep while the warmth of the sun kept the last tendrils of cold away from him.
  
  
  
Pasha is fine, Pasha is  back. Elias is sitting in the water of the lake but he is too focused on the little goopy shape. That plus he can barely look at him without feeling bad, so instead he is cold with the man, he wants to deflect to not show how he is still hurt. Yet that doesn't last as the small creature talks to him.“Hi, are you my daddy? I remember… a foggy one who smelled nice and- and felt like home. I'm Pasha, I'm sorry I can't remember much. But I know I love you! I- I know I do. Is ok if you don't miss Pasha-” What a ridiculous thought, he picks her up, his hand brushes the one Elias was using to hold her, it was cold and wet and he almost grabs him too, but thinks better of it. The changeling was perfectly dry.Swallowing he touches her head and she presses closer looking adorably confused and scared.He probably looks the same. He doesn't deserve the title of dad, but if it makes her happy he will let her. Peter owes her that at the very least.“I- am and i did miss you, so, so much. I was waiting to see you again little one” She sniffles and cries while babbling.“I dunno why Pasha cries, she is not sad! Happy and sad?” Peter hushes her and speaks softly, he notices Elias get up and try to wring some water from his clothes. A small vindictive part of him feels like it serves him right. As much as Peter is prone to self loathing, Elias was unnecessarily cruel and is a petty man.So when he moves away he ignores him, thinking that he will give him a piece of his mind later, once Pasha is ok. Once he can reassure her and… and apologize.“Im sorry kid, i'm so sorry for everything” She cries and wonders why is he sorry too.“Why are Lie and daddy so sowy? Pasha is the sorry one, she was bad and got hurt and forgot everything” He can't tell her, not when it's what probably led her to lie about her health. The curse… how he ruined her life by being a bad example.“You… it wasn't ok, but i can't blame you for it ok? I'm just happy, very happy that you are fine. I just am, I… want to do better” For as long as that may be. Nodding weakly she asks him why is Lie leaving. Peter turns quickly and sees him making his way back through the stone steps separating the small island.What-
   Is he running away? 
Elias is running away from him.Peter follows. Even if he has no idea what he is going to say, he doesn't want him to avoid him. Last time he did he had the stupid idea to go to the tunnels.But he had a head start and when he hears him call his name he hurries. He sees him stumble and fall to the ground on the last jump making an awful sound when he hits the grass.Jumping to make his own way, he sees him run and that sets him off.“Elias!” Peter follows but by the time he crosses the glamor back to the forest Elias is nowhere to be seen. Pasha whimpers and asks where is Eye.He doesn't know, going back to the castle proves to be useless no one had seen him, Tim scolds him but also has no idea where he went. Helen, who Peter apologizes to and takes it graciously, admits to not having seen the man.By dinner he is not back, no one has seen him and several people of the staff were beginning to get nervous.The kitchen staff hound him and ask him what happened but he has no clue so they eventually let him go with a warning to find the missing king.Pasha clings to him and asks very few questions, some of them were things she used to know, others were to make sure her memories were correct. When he eventually takes her to his room she pauses and looks around confused.“Not daddy’s room!” Smiling tiredly while he sits and holds his face he tells him he changed rooms. Captain pounces on her and she screams, but then it turns into squealing as the animal starts to groom her as if she was another kitten.Peter starts with them until they fall asleep. Only then he goes to check on Elias' on his way there he hears a maid commenting on seeing the man walk to his room. Something that at least makes him feel less afraid.In the morning he would deal with him, this cannot-He doesn't want this, doesn't want the little king to avoid him, to be mad at him, to lose Elias before even… before even trying. Regardless of the fact that the man can be the one to break Peter’s curse, he cares about him too much as his friend first.
  
  
In the end he and Pasha go to find him after lunch, Elias makes himself scarce and it drives him up to a wall. To be fair, Peter made his own act of disappearance and to be mad about him for doing the same would be hypocritical.But considering that last time Elias pulled something like that he almost died, he has reasons to be worried.Reasons that are fundamented when he says he had to kill a giant spider on his own. Not only that, but very unlike himself, Elias refused to look at his face. It made him feel rejected, made Peter feel as if he got punched. The man never refused to look at him before. So with a little bit more force in his attitude and tone than necessary he snaps at him making the man talk back to him in frustration.“What do you want? An apology? You won't believe me and it doesn't take anything back, even if I'm truly sorry. Grovelling? Begging? I don't know what you want Peter. If you want to leave… i'm not forcing you to stay, you are free to go and...you and Pasha can stick together” His heart feels like stone, that's… unless he is forced to, Peter doesn't want to go, he wants to stay here. 
   What Peter wants and is not sure if he can ever have is to be with Elias, to look after Pasha with him as her parents, he wants to be able to sail freely with his partner and child, to help Elias relax after a long day dealing with the kingdom. 

   He is no king material, but he knows this infuriating man enough to help him feel better so he can be for the two of them. 

   Wants to marry him and take him on a honeymoon to Aella so this time they can have fun as themselves there. 
He cannot say any of that, like a wish upon a star he is afraid that if he does it will never come true.“What?! No! Pasha loves Eye!! And daddy! I want you both, you are my dads, please don't leave me” The child's indignation is palpable, even if she doesn't remember much, she knows she loves them.How terrifying it must be to have one of the people you love but barely remember send you away.“I don't want you to go, but it's not my place to decide that. I'm not your dad, Peter is, I just helped where I could” The child pinches Elias hand and makes an angry little sound.“You are dumb! Both dumb! You are dad too! Pasha knows you are! Daddy please!” Turning to him is of no help, he doesn't know, all he knows is that if Elias wanted him gone, truly gone, Peter would leave. So he asks because he needs to know.“Do you want me to go?” He speaks softly and watches Elias face, he sees several emotions flicker quickly though him, eventually it settles on resolution.“Never, I don't want you to go. I never do. Neither of you, I don't want to be alone either” Elias' voice cracks a bit at the end. Peter knows the feeling so well, all he wants is to touch him and wrap him up in his arms.“I don't know what to do to apologize, I didn't mean to say any of that! I was mad and you were there, that's it, I do not think that of you. God, that's actually the opposite. I think so many good things and when I get mad I can't stop myself from blurting the most hurtful stuff. And I really don't want you to hate me. And you don't have to forgive me, I don't want you to. I was an asshole and you were right. I almost messed things up and you were right!” Elias raises his voice and Peter feels unmoored, he has no idea how to answer.He is mad, thats true, but he is also guilty. Elias fought him for the wrong reasons, but what he said was true.Peter is kind of a failure.Elias moves to clean up his face and it strikes him that he might be-“I'm sorry Peter for everything, if you want you can't punch me if it makes you feel any better. Or call me out for how horrible i am, that would also be fair”He is crying. Peter has no idea what to respond, punching him? Calling him out? It won't solve a damn thing. He also knows that he has to make it stop, he really can't see him cry, it's making him anxious. Elias should be smug, not sad.Peter can't stand the idea of seeing him cry.A brief scenario of Elias crying next to his bed as Peter withers comes to mind. It feels like someone stole the ground from his feet.No, he will never let it come to that.“Dad…” Pasha hugs Elias hand and starts to make a few sniffles. God if she cries too…He has to stop this.“I don't want to punch you, or maybe a bit. But I'm not going to. Elias just- you were right too, I was in denial. We were both right in our own ways. I can't- what you said hurt but you're not wrong either and that's what actually bothered me the most. That you were right. Also please, please for the love of god, stop running into the tunnels on your own. You are going to die there one of these days and it's going to break my bloody heart in two” His attempt makes him cry harder and he has no way to deal with it. No one ever taught him what to do in these cases. All he thinks about doing is hug him.The other times Elias cried was against him so he didn't have to see it. Didn't have to feel so bad.“And- and please don't cry, i don't know what to do when you cry” He stammers and hovers around him.“I just- i don't want to” Elias shakes his head lightly and Pasha starts to weep too.“No, oh no, Pasha- Elias” Peter panics, the child and man should be happy. Elias eventually gets up after he requests it. He doesn't look at him at first so Peter lifts up his face carefully.“I really don't like to see you cry, it's unfair” He wipes a few tears away.  “You look better when you smile, even if it's smug” Peter wants to finish this and kiss him and in a moment of weakness he almost does, the only reason why he goes for the cheek is because clearly Elias was upset and putting this on him would further upset him.He needs to be in a better state of mind, at least that's what Peter ratinalizes it as. It's not that he is afraid of being rejected, that he is afraid of kissing the man he loves. Of course not, he is not that much of a coward or a wimp.“I’m mad and it hurt what you said, but i don't hate you and i want to help you out”“Daddy?” Peter’s thumb caresses Elas cheek before he turns down towards Pasha.“Yes?”“I want a kiss too!” Elias laughs and puts his forehead against Peter’s chest making his heart beat faster. Still the creature looks at him expectantly and he has to deliver.“Oh? Princess wants a kiss! Why, I can give you one, so can Elias, right?”“Yays! Happy kisses!” Peter loves his daughter so much-He chuckles and kisses her tiny goopy head, then offers her to Elias who also kisses her. He is panicking a bit, but it feels right. After that they end up on the couch telling Pasha stories. Elias tells her how Peter saved him and in return he explains how he met the man and they began their journey from his perspective. The three of them cuddle and talk and it's not perfect, it's a bit broken in parts, but it's what he wants.What he thought he would never want or have in his short life.
  
  
  
Did Peter freak out about someone from Mooreland coming to the ball while he was on his own? Yes he absolutely did.How could he not? His mother was not prone to sending anyone outside the kingdom. The only two lands that she made any kind of business with were Erebus and Aella.She had no bloody reason to answer to the ball, especially considering that she had no heirs at hand and that this is the first time that anyone from his land would attend one in 200 years.What the fuck???He ignores the fact that Elias chose to not tell him, because that is a whole can of worms that he has no way to deal with or wishes to unpack. He says he was worried about his reaction, based on what he thought about Maxwell…. which is unfair!! They both know he is a creep, he wouldn't have been upset about Mooreland, he encouraged it!Still, he can't think too hard on it, it hurts to think he didn't trust him with that. Again when he takes him to town and Elias rejects him, and pulls his hand away from him it is quite possibly painful. Truly! His chest actually hurts and all he wants to do is blurt out how much he means to him, but that would be inopportune and ruin his plans. He has to break this stupid curse first, he wont make him suffer by telling befreo that and force him to watch him die.If Elias finds out it would be when Peter is already too far away for him to catch.  Why is it that the few people he even considers anything close to friends seem to have a thing for his siblings?!He is going to strangle Tim. They talked about it! Once he got some info about his siblings he would leave them alone. Why is he going out with them-?! He was about to complain when everything became muffled and he got a familiar chill down his back.The carriage- the carriage gives him chills, it's everything that he feared, everything that he tried to run away from. It's not his mother, he has to remember that.
   It's not his mom, it's not his mom- 
He doesn't want to see her, and even if he did-Peter barely recalls how she looks, even if she was one of the last people he saw before escaping the land. Its like there was a fog over where her face should be-Terror, simply put.Her mother never hurt any of them, but her presence made everyone wary, her existence killed his father, she drove him to get the illness. She was more of a Lukas at heart than his own father and that was quite possibly one of the most frightening things. His mother had been the daughter of a rich couple from the court, yet she became the one in charge in a few years. Even his uncle Nathaniel who had by right a claim to the throne lets her do what she pleases.Sometimes he wondered if the older man was also afraid of her. She was the one who decided to send his cousins to live out of the castle. Only  her children should have the crown. Maybe that's the point? Maybe she had to relent and bring some of them to be the new king or queen?She would hate that for sure. Nathaniel would have been happy… if he was capable of such a thing, maybe it's Conrad or Evan. Albeit the latter was at this point merely 13, so it was unlikely.Elias quickly drags him away and he follows, he wants to know who it is.So the moment they split up, while the man goes to change his clothes he goes to find the new guest. Out of everyone his mother could send, he did not expect to see Tadeas, Peter really didn't expect to see the man there and clearly? He didn't think he would see Peter either.Rosie looks at them baffled and he is trying very hard to convey a “do not say anything” without speaking. It seems to work, thank god-Cause Elias comes and Tadeas stares at Peter with such an intensity that he is afraid the man developed elemental magic and is trying to set him on fire. Which…. to be honest he probably deserves in this case.Tadeas worked as his advisor. Not at first, Peter wasn't supposed to be crown king, therefore he didn't need one. Instead he had been his second in command when he was supposed to be in charge of the trading with Simon. Back when his only dream was of sailing to Aella and seeing the clear sky for the first time.When his siblings left and he was put on the spot as the sole heir he was told to choose an advisor.His tutors presented several people to him and Peter in his childish fury and hurt, rejected them all and chose the only person in the land besides Missy that he could say he honestly liked.So he dragged him away from his job and appointed him to work for him as the royal advisor. Truth is he knew more than him about… everything basically. Peter would be the one to choose, but Tadeas was perfectly good at organizing and shortening things so it would be simpler for him to make a choice. Unlike everyone else who kept going and going, making him anxious.The man was scarily competent, which is perhaps why his mother kept him in his job even after Peter escaped. He was kind of the closest thing to a friend he had. Even if he didn't realize that.Now that he got to spend time with Elias, with Tim or Helen-Even the kitchen staff from time to time!Peter realizes that he was his friend of sorts, and that he basically ditched him and left him in Mooreland.Exactly what his siblings did to him. Peter waits, he told him exactly where he was and he has no doubt the man will want to know what the hell is he doing there.An apology won't be enough, and… maybe even if it was one sided Peter does consider him a friend now. So he will have to hear him out and hope he lets him explain everything plus grant him one last request.He waits, albeit not for long. He hears someone boarding the ship with heavy steps. Definitely not Elias. The door to the cabin slams open making him wince.“What-the-hell-are-you-doing-here?!” He turns and sees him talk through gritted teeth. “I… live here actually” Tadeas takes a deep breath and pinches the bridge of his nose.“Do you have any idea- Any Idea of what you did? Of what your leaving caused? Do you???” He shakes his head.“The kingdom It's a mess Peter!!! Your mother- Missy!” Tadeas starts pacing. “They are making everything worse! I barely managed to leave, I don't- no one can leave unless they have actual permission now, and I mean no one, it's like there is now a magic barrier keeping everyone inside. That's not even the worst part, the fog? It's like it wants to suffocate the people there. More and more of them are getting the illness, a little bit more time and there will be no kingdom so to speak, your family will rule over nothing” Its like he swallowed lead.“How- wasn’t Titania staying with Missy…?” He snaps towards him.“She was, that is what probably stopped the full effect from hitting instantly, but she can't exist in Mooreland for long. Open skies, that's what she needs and that's what our home doesn't have, the fog doesn't let you see the sky. So she got ill and had to leave. I'm not sure what happened to Missy afterwards… I heard she went to see the queen but after that I have not been able to catch sight of her. Albeit-” And then he drifts off a bit more softly.“Albeit it's not like i could, it didn't hit me until i left, but i was sort of existing. I forgot- It was like I was living in some sort of trance. When I got far away enough it all started to slowly come back. You have to return, it's the only way for this to stop, everyone will just die otherwise, or we will all be little play soldiers”Peter is-Peter never wanted to be king, thinking of the responsibility to all those people made him nauseous. His mother made it easy, everyone did what she wanted, she just had to say a few softly spoken words and people would instantly look elsewhere and agree.She had that sort of presence.Elias could also command a room, hell Elias did everything to become a king when he didn't have to. This was his dream, the missing prince made him afraid because he didn't want to lose this.Despite his attitude, the other man cared and loved Opperior deeply, even if the people would never understand or see how much it meant to him.But Peter? In all this time he never thought about the people living in Mooreland or their fates, about what would befall them if he took off. At most he assumes his mother would have to grab a cousin of his.He didn't consider that Missy would be so upset about him being gone.Peter is selfish and not a good person, despite what Elias wants to think. He is not, the other just hasn't realized how awful he is., because even now?He can't bring himself to care much about them, he feels bad, but he will not go back, not even to die there. He can't go back to that trap.“I can't, I can't go back. I would never return if i did and- and my days are numbered enough as it is, if i fail and i can’t break the stupid curse at least i want to die close to the sea.” That stops him from moving and Tadeas gives him a questioning look.“Break the curse?” Peter nods, maybe if he sells this out well…“I think… The fae here are close to the watcher, they know stuff, they implied that I can break the curse. And… me and a few friends have an idea as to how to do it, so… I need time. If I succeed, the fog across the kingdom will be gone, it will release everyone” Tadeas comes closer and sits in front of him.“What if it doesn't work?” And he did think about it.“Then I will die and it will go to Aaron and… I was told by a good source that he is very likely to break it in my place if push comes to shove” The other frowns a bit.“And if you succeed and you break it… will you come back to rule? No offense, but your mother is a witch” He snorts.“I know” Albeit Tadeas shakes his head.“I mean it, she is a witch” Peter blinks a few times. Well that would explain many things about her.“Huh, not that surprising. To answer your question… I will do you one better. I will marry, if he doesn't punch me for lying this whole time, I will marry Elias and make an alliance. I will also tell you where my siblings are” Tadeas opened his mouth to question the first part and then gave him an incredulous stare.“You found them? Wait,  you want to marry him?” He nods and rolls his eyes.“I did and I do, very much so. But… I have one favour to ask you” At that Tadeas makes a weary face.“Peter…” Taking a deep breath he decides to be honest.“Before that i owe you an apology” He sees surprise.“What for?”And Peter sighs.“For everything I suppose, for dragging you from your actual job to help me rule, for how difficult it was during that time. I know I'm insufferable, ok? I was bitter and angry and you saw me through that while still doing a better job with the kingdom than me. For not being thankful enough and for not being… a good friend. I know you probably don't think we are but I realized that to me you are the closest thing I had to one for years. Finally… i'm sorry for not asking you to come with me. I could have, but i didn't and instead i let you stay there with mother and the fallout of me leaving. I'm sorry and i know it won't change anything but i mean it”The other man stays quiet and stares at him for a long while.“You changed” Giving a hesitant smile he has to ask.“Is that bad?” And the man snorts.“No, I think… I think it's good. I'm still mad, but I appreciate the apology” A bit more relieved he has to let out a breath and focus on what he is about to ask of him but before he can Tadeas interrupts him.“And… to be honest? You were- you  are  my friend. I know you weren't aware of it, but you are.” The admittance makes him feel oddly humbled and certainly happy. He nods and smiles genuinely at him before turning a bit more serious.“The favour I need for you? In case…. the curse- in case I fail and I don't break it. I will leave, i dont… there are several people here who care about me and i don't want them to spend what little i have left worrying and pitying me. So i will go. But that leaves an issue. Elias can't marry Maxwell, because he is a-”“-Creep, I recall Lydia being… upset after that diplomatic trip. Good thing Mikaele didn't hear about it…”… He gives him a sour look to which Tadeas raises an eyebrow.“I'm not blind” Good lord. “She had a soft spot for him too” It hurts a bit to still find out stuff about his siblings. But then again he is no one to complain, they don't know him either.“Yeah… Well, Elias insists on marrying and well… he considered Maxwell and… Aaron since they were writing” The other man must see him wince because his tone is exasperated.“What did you do?” “Nothing! I mean… well maybe i had been pretending to be him and mother…” “Oh my god” He winces.“Look, if i fail and the curse doesn't break i will go, Elias can't marry Maxwell, so i will tell you where they are, and i need you to promise me you will convince my brother to marry Elias just so he doesn't have to be with someone like Rayner. Tell them it is my last wish! That if they owe me something is to keep the man i-” He can't say it “I care about from living with an asshole. Please” Peter knows Tim will tell Elias the truth if he does that, that he will confess to Peter lying and that he was going to die, but by then he expects to be far away. Tim will try to stop him, to reason with him. Maybe even get his siblings to help.Tadeas looks at him for a bit and nods.“I will, I swear” Tadeas is loyal to the kingdom. Aaron marrying Elias if Peter is gone means an alliance, it means that he can get one of his sisters to come back and rule. “Say… how did this whole thing happen? I thought you would have sailed somewhere to the middle of nowhere” Ah-“Its a long story” He snorts and relaxes against the chair.“I have time” And well, better to give him context.
  
  
  
“You gotta be kidding me” He holds his face with both hands while the other laughs at him. “Peter what?!” “Shut up!!”“You- I?! Pff hahahahah”  He kicks his leg.“Stop laughing at me, I'm still your prince!” That makes him snort.“I think we are way past that, plus you left remember? You relinquished that spot. Now tell me how is it that you never realized that for an entire month you were both basically raising a child like a married couple, plus! Sleeping in the same bed??? Are you- How are you so dense!!! How did you not realize?! I haven't seen him do any of that but from what you told me it's so obvious he likes you its painful”He hits his head softly against the table.“Shut uuuuuuup” “Also i want to meet the princess” Grumbling he asks what he meant. Tadeas gives him an are you stupid look that should be illegal somwhere.“Peter you gave her the necklace” Lifting his face up to stare at him he gives him a what the fuck face.“Oh my god you really did not pay attention to your classes did you?” Wincing, he recalls how he usually just tuned out the tutors while imagining how he could sail away with Missy and meet up with Simon.“Um...” Tadeas pinches the bridge of his nose.“The one you have? Belonged to Lydia, that thing is only given to the family, to the future princes and princesses. By giving it to her you were basically saying she was your child, your heir or daughter” Oh-Oh he didn't know that.“It's not like a binding thing right? Right!? She is a kid-” He shakes his head.“it's more like a symbol thats’ why i assumed she was the…” Ahhhh.“Shit, no I didn't know it meant that, I thought it was just a regular family thing. I'm not going to put her in such a place, plus she is a changeling and mother doesn't like-”“Magic creatures, yes” Peter nods.They stayed quiet for a few minutes now that they were both more calm.“So…” The man begins but cuts himself off. He can only imagine what is going on through his head.“Yeah” “So for now… I just pretend I don't know you?” He nods.“Yeah” Tadeas gets up and prepares to leave. But first he sighs and gives him a wary look.“Two things, first, your mother sent people to look for you, some of them from Mooreland, others were bounty hunters she hired. Be careful about who sees you ok?” Rolling his eyes he snorts.“My magic makes it so I can be left alone, don't worry” Yet the man remains serious.“Peter, I told you those in Mooreland are getting sicker, the fog eats at them so they can also… see through it, if someone like that is around they will see you no matter what. And the reward to bring you back? With that much money they will get to live an entire life without any issue, so they won't hear your pleas to stay. Be careful ok?” He had no idea about that.“And… secondly you keep saying you are running out of time, but you look… rather well to me” Peter shakes his head.“I bought a minor charm to… hide some of the most obvious effects” Carefully he pulls out the ring he was wearing and hears the other let out a punched out breath. He knows how he looks like.After Elias mentioned his hair getting more white, it didn't take long for it to get worse, along with the rest of him.“How are you still…” He shrugs.“Can’t afford to stop, not now” He assumed he had around half a year more, but for whatever reason Peter started to get sicker. His hair wasn't fully white yet, but a rather big part of it was, the tattoos were reaching his neck and heart. One of the fog tendrils was wrapped around the stab wound he got at the circus.He coughed during the night some days, rather badly, he tried to be quiet and lock himself in the bathroom to not wake up Pasha now that she was back at his room. It burned his lungs. The bags under his eyes and even more pale complexion gave him a deadly look.“Still have stuff to do, can't kick it now” Tadeas nods and Peter puts on the ring again making his appearance go back to “normal”“I will… see you later then?” Getting up and he walks with him outside. “Yup, have fun” Tadeas leaves and Peter looks up to the sky.He prays it works and that he could finally tell Elias the truth and just… be happy.He can only hope. The forest is a buzz of energy and fairies everywhere, Peter is trying his best to not sneeze at the amount of pixie dust flying around.“We are done!”“We think so?”The fungal fae sighs and guides him to the tree where he usually stays with Elias, in there there is a sort of… Mannequin that he assumes must be him by the proportions.“Sorry, forgot to take it away!” The shy pixie that he saved is laying in his hair while playing with a few strands.“We made it! We did it, even with little time we succeeded!” Her sisters were on his shoulders blabbering away.The few talking animals laugh and scamper off.“You say that as if it was a struggle! We are good at our job! It's been a while since we were asked to do something so simple” The little fungus grumples and sits on a rock.“Easy? What i asked wasn't eas-”“Maybe for humans its not! Magic abounds and we love to make clothes… Ohhh so long ago! We made so many nice outfits for the queen's of before! A trade! A business! A kindness! But then it changed and we were forgotten” They all sound very sad so he uses a finger to caress their tiny heads.“Well, I'm glad you are willing to help me. I don't know much about fashion to be honest, but I know I want to impress Elias” They all giggle and kiss his face, making him laugh at the feeling of it.“Cute, cute, foggy king is cute”“Stop pestering him so he can try on the outfit! We need to see if it requires adjustments, you airheads” The pixies stick their tongues out to the fungus guy and fly over to the tree.“Fine, fine!”“Don't let us enjoy!” The third one stayed in his head.“Happy…” Adorable.The fae take him to a changing spot since apparently-“You humans are very shameful, anyways, try the clothes on and then look at the mirror outside.” They leave him alone and he starts to dress up with the outfit. It looks good from the outside, but without a mirror it is hard to know how it all looks together.Once done putting the last garment he steps outside, all the creatures were sitting around waiting and it made him very nervous. The shy pixie waved at him and came to stand near his hiding spot.“Foggy friend will come, yes? We want to see all the effort we made! We will like it, we swear, don't be afraid it will all go great!” With a nod he steps outside and walks to the mirror placed where the mannequin used to be, it seems like they got rid of it. Everyone makes exclamation noises and starts to cheer at him. His cheeks burn and they all start to make even more noise. What is up with-He stares at the complete outfit. Peter is left rather speechless at the ensemble. It's a perfect balance between a captain’s outfit and a prince. The pants he assumed were merely only black had tiny, very tiny silver sparks, almost a bit like the night sky. They were fitted to be tucked inside the boots that reached a bit below the knee. Those had silver colored laces and soles. He wore a black shirt, however it wasn't seen fully since on top of that he had to put on a pair of golden suspenders and a white waistcoat. Did-When he pays attention he notices a sort of pattern. Albeit not quite right, it was almost as if it was breaking apart? The cracks were a soft gray. But then it hits him, that in a bit of an abstract way they look like the fog tattoos he has. If someone saw them they would assume they were cracks, but if you knew…. He knew the ensemble wasn't supposed to make him look like he came from Mooreland, Simon and Maxwell would catch on to it. But this was a nice compromise to reflect that.The buttons of the vest matched the grey of the pattern. On his neck he wore a green brooch, it strangely reminded him of an eye to be honest. Now on top of all that he had a dark navy captain’s frock, the collar was standing and it had black lapels with silver buttons and linings with the shape of waves. It also had decorative shoulder boards, the end of the sleeves of the coat were black and had gold buttons on the shape of a compass.The coat was a bit shorter on the front but the back was like a tail and reached a bit above his ankles. Finally when he turned around to see his back he realized that the coat had the night sky mapped on it, he could recognize the position of the tiny silver dots adorning it. It was a constellation. The shy pixie told him to spin curiously he did, noticing that the spots shone brighter.“Ok, ok, now, now! The surprise!” He was about to ask what she meant when he had to stop at stare, it was-It was beautiful. It was flashy and- and pretty and Peter would be the center of attention-“No! Only for the little king, he will love it! Love you” Will he? It's a bit bold and…. He recalls Elias saying he liked how he looked in his less than human shape and this certainly alluded to it.Biting his lip he thanks everyone. They all start to celebrate and congratulate him while telling him how cool he will look in the little king's eyes.He hopes so. Even so, Peter feels touched by all their efforts.“Thank you, i don't know how to repay-” They all deny him.“Do not offend! This was a gift we do not want payment!”“Merely save yourself, do what you must!”“Kiss him, love him make it better” Of course.“I will- heh i will try?” He blushes and they giggle. Before he can take the clothes and go they call his attention.“A mask! You needed a mask, correct? We have two! You may choose which one you want, like this you will not be recognized, we made sure of it, a minor charm do not worry about it” He truly almost forgot, Peter intended to pick one of the owl ones that the servants were supposed to wear.“Oh, that's actually very nice, ok let me see them?” The first one he rejects.“No”“What why! It's cute like the foggy one!!” Peter is not going to wear a rabbit mask, it brings him memories he would rather forget. A forgotten nickname he doesn't want to hear.“Just no, what is the other one?” The pixies lament but the more animalistic fae cheer.“We made you this one!” A fox walking on two legs gave him a mask wrapped up in some leaves. When he opens it up he sees it looks like a dog. Again, not great, but better than the rabbit plus it's enchanted.“You know what? I will take it” The furry creatures all celebrate.Shaking his head, he picks up his stuff and goes back to the ship to put everything there for safekeeping, better than the castle. Less likely for anytone to snoop.
  
  
  
During the afternoon he makes cake with Pasha to give to Elias. Even if she eats most of it before the delivery like the greedy little thing she is, Peter cannot be mad at her, not when he missed her and her shenanigans so much. Even if she doesn't remember- God that still hurts, but he sees her, he knows that its still her.Pasha’s memories of him are vague, she only has a few stark memories of Peter, but even if that's it, it's enough for her. Enough for her to trust him, to care about him. To say she loves him and call him daddy. Every little word has him want to answer back in kind, but Peter is… afraid, was raised to be scared of that kind of vulnerability. Caring means weakness, yet he knows its not true, knows that… it's very likely that he survived this long exactly because he did care.Yet so many years of fear and terror in his head didn't let him express those words. He hopes she, Elias, Tim and Helen know how much he cares, even if he cannot bring himself to say those simple words.He can show them with acts, but it's very hard to say the words. He hopes they understand.Peter is also surprised to see her in her child form, especially by all the little differences she had. The scars made him sad, across her face there were a few new scratches and on her arm there was the circular scar going around his arm where the metal lian bit into her until she pulled it off. He shudders at the memory of her screams and the black blood on the ground.More nightmares, more guilt.Her cheeks were a bit more pudgy too, it gave her a more innocent look. But what really made him look was the blonde streaks framing her face and the eyes. She changed them to gray. A perfect match to Elias. She looked like the two of them, when he saw her he lifted her up and hugged her to his chest. Not before kissing the top of her head. Even her hair was shorter and curlier. She was perfect.“Happy?” She lets out a nervous sound that has him close his eyes and respond in kind.“Very happy. Are you?” She hesitates but nods.“Feels right, feels like… feels like Pasha. She likes being herself. All Pasha wanted… was to be a little girl for real” Her arms wrap around his neck and she hides her face on the crook of it. “You are to us, like this, like your true shape or even the goopy one, you are Pasha and no one will take that away from you” She starts to cry and thank him. Peter rubs her back a bit and hushes her while humming the song from Missy. “Does- did Pasha know this song? It's so sad…” He nods.“You did, and it is, but it means a lot to me, do you want me to sing something else?” Mumbling a no, he keeps going while walking around the kitchen on the ship, swaying a bit until she goes lax against him. Kissing her head he puts her to bed and lets the cat cuddle her while he starts to think about what to do these next few days and how he will face Elias in the ball.
  
  

  Later once she wakes up from her nap he tells Pasha that he has something for her, despite what Tadeas says, or perhaps because of it, Peter wants to give it back to her. The little girl looks up at him in curiosity as he offers her her necklace with the green gem that belonged to his family.

  “This is from my family and I gave it to you before because… you mean a lot. I wanted to return it to you, it belongs to you now” She holds it in her tiny hands with utmost care. Softly she asks if he can put it on her neck. Smiling gently at her he kneels down and helps her.

  “There you go, now you look like a real princess” She rubs her eyes a bit and before he can apologize for making her cry she moves to hug him and kiss his cheek.

  “Love you daddy” He smiles and kisses her forehead. 

  “Let's go meet up Lie ok?” She nods and holds his hand. Captain follows them and all is well. 

  Family huh?
 At night he takes a changeling, a slice of cake and a cat with him to meet up with Elias after what must have been a trial of a dinner. Peter doesn't have much experience with that kind of stuff, but the very few times he had to dine with his siblings and mother in one room was enough to make him wary of any big dinner.It truly must had been something because the first thing he tells him is-“God i could marry you” Peter wants the earth to swallow him, his heart picks up so fast he fears it will burst. He has to laugh to stop himself from saying something stupid such as-
   “Well good to know, i just need to buy you a new ring then” 
Stupid, so. so stupid, his face feels like its on fire.“Oh you tease. Here, figured you would need it, made it myself albeit the rest ended up in someone else's stomach…” Pasha gives him a thumbs up and climbs to the bed, Captain starts to follow her, but stops at seeing the cat-owl staring at him from a chair. Peter was mildly worried of the magical creature hurting his cat thinking it was prey, but instead it does something more interesting.The animal jumps down from its spot and rubs her face against his cat, the animals were around the same size, both slightly bigger kittens. Captain stays still as if surprised but then as if a switch went off he starts to reciprocate very happily.
   Huh who would have thought. 
They spend a long while talking about their day, he informs him about the 5 times he had to disappear to avoid Simon or Titania and how Pasha almost swallowed all the chocolate before he could put it on the cake. The more he spoke the more the man relaxed next to him. Somehow the mundane stuff they were up to was making him feel at ease.Eventually Elias goes to change since he was tired, but Pasha asks about sleeping there. Peter also wants to, gods does he miss sharing a bed with Elias. But due to the situation at hand he knows it's complicated and that the man wants to keep appearances, now more than ever. Since the other kings and queens were there. She gives him a confused look.“But- but I thought- Pasha thought she remembered staying with daddy and Eye? Was that not right?” Elias looks at Peter who is trying to figure out what to say, because she is right, but he doesn't want to put Elias in the spot.“It is, but Eye can't let us stay anymore ok?” “You can stay just this once, but afterwards Pasha you have to go to sleep with Peter or- actually you have your own room…” Her face looked lost and as much as Peter wanted her to sleep in her own room before, she is still a bit out of the loop and… he is selfish, he missed her. This is just as much for her as it is for him.Waking up during the night to a nightmare, or just to run to the bathroom to cough until he is dizzy, and seeing her there, completely safe and sound makes things a bit more bearable.“That you will use once you get a bit more used to everything. So yes today we can have a sleepover” Elias must see her confused face.She cheers and Peter asks if he was sure.“Yes, just for today.”They climb into bed and he has a sense of nostalgia. It wasn't that long ago, but he had missed this so much….Peter stays on his back despite his feelings he will not make this awkward, even if all he wants is to hold the man and child. After a minute Elias surprises him by rolling over and laying his head against his shoulder.“Goodnight Peter” He stays quiet for a bit before replying, he is trying his best to not blurt out anything else, while also not moving to just pull him closer.“Night daddy, night Lie. Love you” Peter falls asleep after watching Elias and Pasha for a bit, then he dreams. He has a nightmare, but when he opens his eyes to Elias face next to his, he can see him breath slowly, Pasha is clutching the man and scrunching up her nose before burying her face on Elias shirt. Peter rolls to his side and sighs before closing his eyes and pressing his face to the shorter man's hair.When he falls asleep next he dreams of a beach where the three of them plus Tim and Helen have a day off. It's a wonderful dream. 
  
  
Peter wakes up in the morning to Elias snoring and holding their child who is tucked under his chin. He realizes he is holding the man and for a blissful moment he ponders if this could be his life one day. If he beats this curse.He hopes so. 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  The week before the ball is intense, very intense. Elias tries his best to keep calm and keep a good relationship with the other monarchs. After all, the purpose of this whole debacle was to make connections and ensure the cooperation and peace between their lands by taking a week off and having a ball to celebrate.

  And that is what he tries to do! Every year prior he was a very polite and good guest, made deals and looked for any potential insurrection or issue to be dealt with swiftly and under the rug. Elias was a paragon of good behaviour and that's exactly the kind of idea he wanted everyone to have of him. It wouldn't do to show any weaknesses that could be used against him.

  So Elias was trying very hard for everything to go perfect and smoothly before the dance. It was important to give a certain look of control and power, otherwise they may think his ruling is weak and want to get rid of him.

  So he tries to be in his best behaviour.

  Of course everyone likes to challenge his patience and beliefs to a very high degree.
 
  
    5 days before the ball.
  

  Elias wakes up to his face pressed against Peter’s chest. The man was asleep and held him against him in dreams. Their legs were tangled up and he could hear Peter’s heartbeat with how close he was.

  On the other side he felt a tiny figure press close to his back while mumbling little incoherent words. He was sandwiched between the man and their small charge. From the corner of his eye he could spy Duchess and Captain. Like him the owlcat was awake and likewise was being cuddled by the fluffy cat, ironically enough matching his owner.

  He stays there for a few more minutes basking on it. He wants to enjoy this moment before Elias has to get up and face the world with all of its bloody requirements for him.

  In his worst days he wonders if he should have just become a horror writer.

  ...Maybe, maybe a scholar? There are so many supernatural creatures he would love to understand. Elias could write about them or get people to tell him about their encounters and create some grimmores about it…

  But that's a dream, he can't help his own nature and being king is something he did want. That he still does! He doesnt think he could have managed to pull that sort of life to be honest. So yes he is where he is supposed to be, albeit on harsh days he does wonder.

  With regret, Elias starts to move and wiggle his way free from his favourite people. Pasha holds his shirt tight, and Peter rolls over a bit to lay half on top of him, almost as if to stop him in his dreams. He is trying very hard to not laugh or cry.

  God, in any other world, if he had been faster maybe, if Elias hasn't taken so long to let him have this-

  Maybe he could have told him before the whole circus debacle, maybe gotten Pasha to admit the truth that she was hurting.

  Maybe’s and what if’s.

  A spark of anger that eventually simmers down. They're here, alive and… a bit broken up, but they are all here. And that's what matters.

  So? Elias decides to be a problem on purpose. His hands go to Peter’s sides and start to squeeze while he murmurs against his neck.

  “Wake up love, time to take the kid to school” Peter groans and moves a bit.

  “-Can go late, she’s the princess, lemme sleep” Elias snorts.

  “You are terrible. Cmon Peter i need to get up” His partner nuzzles his face making him take a small breath in surprise.

  “I promise to take her later…. stay please” Smiling sadly he has to deny them both this.

  “I have to, the other royals are here remember? I need to be at the breakfast table soon” Finally the taller man starts to move away and blink confusedly at him. Peter was clearly half asleep, after all Pasha doesn't go to school, not yet anyways, so he just played along with him.

  Realization seems to come because he looks around a bit and when his eyes settle on Elias he starts to turn pink on the cheeks, and after a beat, also a bit blue. The combination was very nice.

  “Morning” Peter rolls to lay on his back and says morning as well.

  “Sorry, I thought I was going to get you up with a little joke. But you were far more sleepy than I thought” The sailor nods and breathes in and out slowly. Elias watches him and sees how tired he still looked.

  “Pasha is still out like a light, but i have to go, you two can sleep here a bit more” Carefully Elias sits up and the little girl makes a grumbling sound but ultimately curls up on her side letting him move.

  “You don't mind?” Peter moves to sit up and let him escape the bed before collapsing against the mattress again. They both talk softly so as to not wake up the third occupant of the room.

  “No, not at all, you should rest. Both of you deserve it. Also… thank you, for coming to cheer me up yesterday i needed it”

  “Anytime Lias” Elias looks at Peter who is also staring at him with a tired and sad look, it makes something twist uncomfortable in his chest. Enough so that he flees to the bathroom in a hurry.

  ….

  He forgot to pick up clothes.

  Elias walks with a towel over his waist as he finishes bathing. Peter was on his side with Pasha who glued herself to him in Elias' absence. It seemed like the man fell asleep again, so at least he doesn't feel that embarrassed about walking around now.

  Quickly he picks up his clothes and goes back to the bathroom albeit he thinks he heard a sigh. When he turns to look everyone is still asleep….

  Captain stretches and makes small meowl.

  Huh, probably the cat then and his imagination. He doesn't realize how tense Peter’s back is when Elias goes back to the bathroom, the sailor sighs and mumbles a soft curse.

  “Good looking bastard” Pasha moves and kicks his leg in her sleep “Yeah… I deserved that”



  Elias day goes… Well at first all things considered, breakfast is a bit of a hit and miss, since some of his guests eat at different times. So the place is set to serve them food as they arrive. Elias for his part eats with Joshua and Alfred, the first one was calmly reading some papers while telling him about a few more discoveries he made. The latter was half asleep listening in while chewing some bacon.

  “Do you have anything that can play music back? That is not enchanted i mean, clever little man” Alfred drawls out his words and looks at Joshua with a curious expression.

  “-and i- Oh, music? Well… we wanted to see if we could do something like that, mostly for the cars you know? The roads down there are rather long and having something to entertain yourself with would be fun. I had a deal with Annabelle about her helping, but due to her… demise that was cut off too soon” Alfred nods sadly.

  “Shame then, I would have loved to see if my music still had an effect” Elias is very concerned about the idea of the man weaponizing such a thing. However what Joshua said was very interesting and it also matched with his idea of the communication towers…

  “Joshua? Simon, Neil and I have an idea for a project regarding communication across the lands, perhaps it would interest you and help you develop something for that end?” The man’s eyes practically shine with his interest.

  Alfred snorts and mumbles something about the music going from anxious to cheerful. Whatever that may mean.

  “Really? I only spoke briefly with them yesterday but Simon already has a lot of great inventions and Neil has a lot of good ideas that I could see being used across lands. I would love to help and learn more” Elias is happy for him, albeit he is secretly concerned that he is somehow amazing some sort of army or forces behind their backs seeing as the kingdom is conveniently hidden under the earth.

  He decides to do a bit of probing with his magic to try and figure out if his intentions are genuine or if this is just a ploy.

  
    God, I hope no one realizes how nervous I am. I do not want to stick my foot in my mouth, not here, I need this. Talking to other kings is hard, haven't been this anxious since John offered me the coffin.
  

  
    But It would be so good to bring home more advances! The people had been rather down laterly- The worms destroying some of their houses and the conflict with the sand dwellers was taxing on them.
  

  
    A new discovery and something fun to give them would improve their morale a lot.
  

  
    I have to do better for them, Hezekiah lasted a long time as king, but he dug us so down we don't have that many allies. 
  

  Elias is hit with a wave of anxiety and genuine curiosity and worry. Taking a sip of his drink first, he tells Joshua that they can arrange the next day to talk all together and plan a bit, but that he has to consult Simon and Neil first.

  “Oh, that's understandable, let me know if its ok” Nodding he lets Alfred ask the man more questions about random tech he has.

  Joshua was just trying to do his best for his people and needed some help. He did after all become king just last year.

  Alfred’s mind is filled with background music, but occasionally he could catch a feeling or two, maybe a stray thought.

  
    I wish i could go back to play music all day
  

  
    But i need to show Melanie the ropes first
  

  
    Good kid, albeit a bit too slashy.
  

  
    Needs to listen to the music first then she will be ready.
  

  Fondness for Melanie and yearning for the freedom to travel as he pleased as a bard. Despite how flighty and violent he could be, Alfred did make sure to stay for his people.

  Elias keeps talking and listening and its not as bad as he imagined.



  During the morning he has to stop a fight albeit not between anyone he expected. Georgina was seemingly harassing Oliver who looked chestisized. Hurrying up his steps he comes closer and smiles albeit it's a bit more colder than necessary.

  He needs to make a point.

  “Is there a reason for speaking like that to part of my staff, Miss Barker?” She looks at him and then at Oliver with an upset look.

  “He should not be here, this is no place for people like us. He should be-” Right, this again. Not the first time some necromancer of a kind was upset with Oliver.

  “Where he chooses to stay is up to him, I am happy he decided to work with the kingdom. He is a remarkable accountant and a very good person, you should hear all the good things the staff has to say about Mr Banks” Oliver looks at him a bit surprised, while Georgina frowns.

  “Regardless he has a place in the city, has the- you know you can claim the throne, you have the right to it” Her expression turns suddenly fierce “So you should come back and take your place-” Oliver finally answers back, he sighs first and smiles at her with amusement, something that seems to confuse her.

  Elias for his part, merely wants to see where this will go.

  “I know what options I have and I know what I will choose one day, but right this moment? This day, this week and the next few years? I want to spend them here. Despite the dreams that follow me, this place is home, I have friends and a life.” Oliver smiled at her, causing the woman to deflate.

  “One day I may reclaim that throne but it won't be until everyone I care for here is gone. So please don't be too upset. After all  you should know more than anyone that there is a time and a place for everything, death will come when it does and so will i, not the other way round” Georgina seems frustrated by his remark but does concede to his point.

  “You are right, i’m sorry” Oliver nods in her direction and turns towards him

  “Sir? I do need to tell you a few budgeting decisions…” Right, Elias dismisses Miss Barker and wishes her a nice day. Before he goes, he does mention offhandedly that Melanie went to explore town a bit. The woman gives a flustered look and nods before going.
 
  “So what did you want to tell me-” Oliver shakes his head.

  “Oh no, everything is fine, in fact if my calculations are correct due to the whole event we may gain more money due to our visitors. I just wanted an excuse to go, dealing with other necromancers is a bit of a chore and I assumed you wanted likewise an excuse to leave. My kind makes you uncomfortable” He tries to deny it as nonchalantly as possible, but Olver merely laughs good naturedly.

  “I take no offense! It's natural, it would be more weird if you found comfort in our presence, a bit more worrisome to be honest. Anyways i digress, my point is, i meant it, im happy here and i don’t intend to go any time soon” That is always good to know, but he is curious.

  “But why? You do have the chance to go there and take the throne as she claimed” Oliver stops walking and so he does as well. His look is a bit far away, but then it snaps to focus towards him.

  “I could and I will, eventually of course, that is part of my destiny in a way, but… I want to enjoy life for as long as I can. There is no hurry and all the roads lead to the same end no matter what. And besides… between you and me sir, i will not get that crown until i am fully dead. And I would rather not hurry it” Understandable, they talk a bit more and then split up.
 
  Elias has to admit that he has been avoiding Maxwell, but the man makes holes in his awareness that make it hard sometimes to fully hide from him. Likewise Tadeas seemed very adept at not being found which was quite honestly very annoying, he wanted to talk to him the most to try and figure out if a marriage with the prince was viable.

  During his game of hide and seek between the three of them he accidentally crosses paths with Simon who was of course bullying his staff. Pinching the bridge of his nose, Elias counts to three and stalks off there to chase off the man who bolts the moment he sees him while laughing mischievously.

  “Put them down right this instant!” Simon can't let them float up all day, they have work to do. “SIMON!” 
 
  He deposits Simon next to Titania who was drinking and eating in the garden while talking to the fairies.

  “Hello my stormy sky!” She smiles at a pixie with her sharp teeth making it fly away in terror.

  “Hello my sunny sky, did you have fun?” Titania’s white puffy hair was slowly moving with the breeze, somehow it almost looked like an actual cloud.

  “I did! I had Elias run after me quite a bit!” She finally turns towards Elias and gives him an amused once over that has him stand straight. He had to run a bit and he looked disheveled.

  “I can see that! Well at least you got him out of the way of the shadow one” Blinking confusedly he looks at the two of them. Simon nods and steals a small piece of fruit .

  “Wait… you were trying to make sure I didn't cross paths with Maxwell?” 

  “Sure did lad! It's a good thing I like you, he won't mess with you as long as me and my lovely cloud are close by” Confused he asks them why.

  Both give each other looks, as if they were having a mental conversation, he itches to spy on that, but Elias knows better than to try. Especially with Titania close by.

  “Well you mentioned in your letters how you intended to marry and had to consider him, which is pure nonsense!!! I mean I would even be ok with you marrying that underground lover, but-” God he needs to let it go, Joshua is not Hezekiah!

  “-but i can't let you do that Elias, no offense but Maxy is… intense” Titania scoffs.

  “He is power hungry and full of hubris…. just like you two, but in his case it's not as entertaining and there is also-” She stops and seems to think her words carefully. For a moment a cloud covers the sun and the world gets a bit darker.

  He shivers as she looks directly at him.

  “Also there is something not right with him, something rotten, but i can't pinpoint what it is” Elias rolls his eyes.

  “Beyond his attitude?” Her eyes pin him in place making Elias feel as if the ground was being pulled from his feet.

  “Do not dismiss my warning, there is something amiss with that man, what he will do to achieve power is unknown but I sure do not trust him. Heed my words Elias” And he does, swallowing he nods at her and finally the sun comes back making her smile a more friendly smile.

  “But yes, as my stormy cloud says old friend, be careful”

  “I will, he is not my only choice, but… one of the main ones. With any luck I will get another proposal and be done with this” Simon, who had been circling around his partner, stops next to him and pats his shoulder.

  “Hopefully! Oh… if it had been a year ago that you had this need I could have let you meet my nephew, alas that was not meant to be!” His missing nephew?

  “How old is this… nephew exactly, you keep calling him kid so-” And then both he and Titania burst into laughter.

  “Oh- oh no, i-” Simon cannot finish his sentence due to laughter and Titania picks up the conversations.

  “Simon! Have you been calling him a child? No, no little king, he is a few years older than you, its just that my sunny sky forgets people's age and still views him as a kid. You know he would have resented that” As quickly as they started to laugh they became a bit more gloomy.

  “Yeah… I wish I could see him get upset about it one more time” Loss makes him uncomfortable. Also he finally realizes that it wasn't a kid but an adult that suddenly ran off from them, which explains some of the man’s reactions and letters regarding that.

  “I am sorry…” They wave him off.

  “Nothing you could do, i mean if Annabelle couldn't find him then you probably wouldn't either” That's not true! 

  “I can make a tracker of sorts, it would indicate how far or close he is to it. True it's not the most reliable thing in the world but it lets you have a good grasp on if he is near your vicinity” He shows them the ring Peter gave him.

  “See? Its blinking faster because its the person who i am looking for is getting closer to the land” And that is very concerning.

  Both of them look at it.

  “Mm, how long would it take you to make one?” Simon is the one who looks at it with more interest, Titania looks disillusioned.

  “A few weeks, i could sent it to you once its done, if you are that concerned about finding him-”

  “It's pointless” Simon turns to her and frowns.

  “Why?” Elias is just baffled so he asks.

  “Because he is probably gone by now, the curse he had… there is no way he could have survived this long” The older king shakes his head.

  “If he was Mimsy would have known-” Titania becomes distraught.

  “If she could still be able to feel anything you did not see her-” Elias loves gossip and knowing but this? This is just a bit too volatile for his safety.

  “Just think about it ok? I will go now. I need to find Mr Dahl, it's the first time someone from Mooreland has come to an event and I want to at least give a good impression” They don't stop talking, but they do seem to acknowledge him.

  “Don't let him fool you about the queen, she is a wretched, awful, witch of a-” Titania gets cut off by Simon.

  Elias looks away and walks faster to leave.

  Its like catching your parents kissing, that's what it is.



  He meets up with Tadeas before dinner, apparently Rosie had taken him on a tour of the town.

  “I took you enjoyed it?” He nods albeit a bit distractedly.

  “Yeah, she was- I mean it was lovely. Lady Zampano knew all the best places to go and pass the time, I believe she promised me to finish the tour tomorrow…” Elias nods.

  “Yes, Opperior is quite a colorful and picturesque place. Say, how does Mooreland look? I never hear much about it from Simon and to the outside world… well it's practically a mystery” Tadeas pauses a bit and looks at Elias curiously. He smiles encouragingly, or at least he hopes he looks like that.

  When he doesn't answer, Elias attempts to see what is on his mind, but like with Peter he gets hit with a mental wall of fog that makes him shiver. It raises a few questions in his mind, Peter’s siblings also seem to have that issue… but the magic of the fog doesn't exist only in Mooreland. 

  Curious.

  “It's quiet” He waits for him to elaborate and finally his resolve seems to break a bit “The land is quiet, muffled, there is fog all the time, a byproduct of the place and… external forces. The queen thinks of it as protection from outsiders.” His face seemed to become a bit blank when he spoke about the queen, but it regains some livelihood as he explains the town. 

  “The castle is settled in the moor, next to it there is a forest filled with magical creatures that surrounds the entire land keeping it separated from the outside. It's not as bad as it sounds… anyways, there is also the beach near the castle and if you go close to town you can see the beginning of the canals.” A bit puzzled and definitely excited about the new information!!!

  Elias asks-

  “Canals?” Tadeas nods.

  “The most beautiful part of the land. You see, half of the town is built across small islands, houses, business, farming- it's all there. To move across you must take boats that works essentially in the same purpose as a carriage. We do have streets of course, each isle is connected by bridges and you can move around in them with horses.” Opperior is technically sort of an island connected to the mainland by the bridge. This sounds like a similar concept to Simon’s floating islands. 

  “Usually we use boats to move. It's quite an eerie and… atmospheric look, seeing the procession of boats move completely silently across town. Since most people are… not used to speaking much and due to the cold temperature they tend to use cloaks and it gives an even more eye-catching look. You should see the funerary rites, they are a beautiful sight, people would gather in tiny ships across the funerary boat and silently wait for the fog to swallow the body after the priest finishes talking.”

  …. He has no idea what to say to that.

  “The glowing flowers of the hanging trees illuminate the town and surrounding forest. Their petals fall into the water making small, glow in the dark, lanterns. Sometimes at night if you walk on the bridges separating the islands you can see between the fog the small petals shining almost as if there were hundreds of eyes in the water. Sometimes of course there are eyes watching”

  What the fuck? What the fuck??

  “And… what are they then?” Elias is very interested and concerned. Tadeas hums and tells him about some sea creatures that live there.

  “Usually they are benign, but they do crave human flesh from time to time”

  “Pardon me, but what??” He nods.

  “It is what it is, usually if someone dies recently and the fog takes them they don't bother us. We have come to the conclusion they exist because of the fog, we don't have much of a chance to study them, what with them being hard to catch and difficult to distinguish between the glowing petals”

  Ok, ok… ask something else.

  “The priest… Do you have churches? What religion-” The man’s face becomes a bit-

  Elias blinks a few times, it's like he seems blurry at the edges.

  “We dont talk about it, they dont bother us and we dont bother them unless we need a service” What the fuck?

  “I… see. Anything else interesting you can tell me or…”

  “Mm, we got a legend that says that there is an old abandoned mill next to a blackened willow that never stops bleeding. Supposedly a family of witches used to live there, but no one wants to go see it to check it out. Oh! We also have the mines they are plentiful and go very deep down the ground to the point where if you got lost no one would find you or realize you were gone”

  God, he reminds him of Peter when talking about his childhood. Albeit much more creepy.

  “That's.. good to know! Alas, Tadeas I will admit I need to ask… why did the queen send you? I assume it may be connected to the letters I received before but-” His face remains in a permanently fixed smile that Eias can't decipher. Tadeas has a very good poker face.

  “It is, she wishes to make business with you after our fallout with Aella. She tried to speak with Erebus at first, since we did have some trade with them, but Sir Rayner… declined, claiming he has something better to do”

  Surprise of surprises. Elias thinks about the timing and contemplates the possibility of Maxwell’s rejection being related with his attempts at courting.

  If he thinks he has Opperior, who is a far more visible and advantageous land to join forces with, no wonder he would ditch them.

  “How upsetting.”

  “Quite, she wasn't happy”

  “So, about the prince… how likely is she to accept a political marriage?” Tadeas mouth twitches and he frowns.

  “It's.. complicated, but rest assured that once things calm down with the older prince we can arrange things. I'm sure of it. He is… very ill and depending on if his curse breaks in a month or two, we may be able to speak about marriage” Aaron never went in too deep about it.

  “What 
  
    is 
  
  the curse that afflicts him?” 

  “A leftover from 200 years ago, his grandfather upset a primordial fairy and the curse has been going around for generations. The problem is the man never wrote the words so no one knows how to break it. It usually leads to death, however my prince seems to believe he has found a possible solution. We shall see if it works, if it doesn't then it will be… prince Aaron to take his place and marry” Elias nods slowly

  “I'm sorry for that” Chuckling Tadeas shakes his head.

  “It's not your fault, i just want to hope the prince is right and he can beat it” Elias doesn't know the oldest son, has only spoken to the youngest. 

  “Is he… nice?” The man next to him gives him an amused and exasperated look that he doesn't know how to interpret.

  “No, or… yeah, sort of. He is a bit of a bastard but in a funny way, he is stubborn, childish at heart but in an endearing way… I think you would like him quite a lot really. He didn't want to write to you because… he was afraid he wouldn’t make it and becoming friends would hurt if he died, so he wants to spare you that” Elias is a bit taken aback by that, he didn't expect-

  “That's… awfully kind of him” Tadeas nods.

  “It is, he grew a lot these past few months i will admit” He sounds fond. They talk about lighter themes and by the end of it Elias feels a bit more reassured.

  Despite the situation, he thinks he would lean more towards Mooreland than Erebus. This is just confirmation he needed. Even if it's not love, a partnership will work, and Elias could theoretically take up a lover…

  It's not uncommon, it's just that he knows Maxwell wouldn't let him, would in fact get rid of Peter just to make sure he has him under his power completely.

  Fucking vampire looking asshole.



  Speak of the devil and he shall appear-

  Maxwell intercepts him on his walk to his tower, Elias had wanted some peace before dinner, but unfortunately the man decided to be the biggest nuincense ever and ruin his day.

  “Elias, i have been looking for you” Forced to be polite he merely nods and smiles at him. The pale man has a fake smile on his face making him look sinister.

  “I was quite busy today, with everyone around me stretched thin as it is to keep things calm. Simon even made me chase him after he put some of my staff under a floating spell” Maxwell snorts.

  “Definitely something he would do, doesn't surprise me. Well, since you are finally… free of your duties before dinner i imagine we can talk for a bit, maybe catch up” He would rather jump out of a window, but he will be a nice host.

  Elias is a paragon of good manners and doing unpleasant things.

  “Of course, we can have a walk around the castle and-” Maxwell cuts him off before he could finish, making him have to swallow down his words.

  “Oh please, your castle is… lovely, but I'm sure we can talk in your office, I imagine that's where you were going. No need to change your plans because of me” The way he says lovely sounds as if he was tasting something bitter. 

  Now, Elias is no coward, he had conversations with Maxwell before.

  But never alone.

  There is something about being alone in a room with him that settles wrong in his gut. His arms get goosebumps and he cant think of a reason to deny him.

  “I- you are correct. I was going, but maybe it would be more comfortable in-”

  “Nonsense, i would love to tag along and see where you work” Elias feels a sense of dread.

  “If you are sure” Maxwell for his part nods and follows him, even puts his hand on the small of back to nudge him to move.

  He doesn't take it away and Elias cannot tell him off. He is after all not doing anything considered wrong, yet the feeling of unease at the touch doesn't go away. Elias wishes that someone would interrupt them, but his luck seems to run out and they don't meet anyone in the hallways.

  By the end they reach the tower and he has to begrudgingly let Maxwell in. The man looks around the room while Elias sits down behind his desk, to at least put some distance between them. He does notice a fluffy creature under the desk.

  Duchess was napping by his feet, so at least he has her to keep him company in this situation.

  “So Maxwell, what did you want to discuss?” The other king looks a bit more around before sitting on a chair in front of the desk that he keeps for guests.

  “Business mainly, plus I wish to know how was the trip to Hilltop. Last I heard of Annabelle was last year’s ball. She gave me advice that has been so far useless, so I was perhaps wondering if you managed to get anything out of her before her untimely demise?” Advice?

  “Usually her advices are rather useful, but no, to tell you the truth i had no time to dig too deep into her motivations while she drugged me and tried to fill me with spiders” He hopes the dry tone made sure to tread carefully regarding that matter, but its as if he did not heard him at all.

  The taller man merely nodded solemnly and gave him a calculating gaze that unsettled him.

  “Good thing it didn't work then, would have been a shame truly. You look handsome without spiders” His tone is joking yet it feels hollow somehow.

  “Thank you. I was lucky, I suppose” Maxwell nods.

  “Yes, quite a lot, i do wonder how you escape her crutches” Oh, two can play this game.

  Elias' smile does not reach his eyes, putting his hands over the desk and intertwining his fingers he replies.

  “The people in town woke up from her little games, it seems like she was too focused on me to pull their strings. They came to the castle just as she was to kill me” Simple and concise, he doesn't mention Peter’s involvement, better to not make him a target. “Anything else Mr. Rayner?”

  The man shakes his head and looks down to Elias' hands. Feeling good about the victory he was about to ask what business he wanted when Maxwell snatched up his hand and held it possessively.

  Elias freezes.

  “What do you think-”

  “Lovely ring” Elias slowly looks down. He was wearing the ring for detecting the prince, which was in his ring finger. He was so used to wearing it without anyone commenting on it that he forgot how it may look to an outsider.

  “Maxwell-”

  “I see i was a bit slow in the uptake” His tone is light, but his hand kept squeezing. He manages to not grimace.

  “It was a gift from a friend. Do not be a fool, release my hand now” The milky white eyes stare him down.

  “Is that so?” His grip softens and Elias pulls his hand away.

  “Yes! Now, what business do you want to speak of!” The insufrible prick has the gall to smirk at him.

  “Well, if you want to know so badly-”

  They spend the next hour talking about some trading and ideas that Manuela has and wants to share.

  “For a price of course, wouldn't do otherwise” He can think of a few things he would want as a “price” that he doesn't want to think of.

  During the conversation Elias got thirsty so he offered a drink to his companion, despite disliking his presence immensely.

  “Yes, that would be wonderful actually… if i may?” He goes to the drink cabinet and starts to serve the drinks while giving him his back, Elias for his part takes the small reprieve and wishes for the hundredth time that he could get rid of him or didn't need to marry this douchebag at all.

  Duchess stirs from under him and he feels her brush his leg, he pays her no mind as Maxwell comes back with the two glasses. He offers Elias his and sits before making a bit of a toast.

  “To future alliances..?” Elias lips thin, but he nods and clinks their glasses.

  Before he could even take a sip, Duchess jumps to his lap and bites his free hand making him drop the drink to the floor.

  “Shit-! What is it with you?!” Maxwell stands up and tries to grab the cat who swipes at him with her claws.

  “Foul beast-!” Elias for his part manages to hold her close, she seems to calm down as he cradles her in his arms.

  “Shh, shh it's ok. Maxwell do not!! She is my pet” He sees him attempt to swat her and Elias almost curses him.

  “More like a hissing monster, your hand is bleeding” It was, she must have bit too hard.

  “Well, it happens. Now, if you excuse me, I need to bandage this and prepare for dinner, just like you should. We can talk at another time, the guests will be waiting” Rayner gives a poisonous look at the cat for some reason and steps back before going to the door.

  “Fine, see you at dinner Elias” Then he is gone.

  His body goes lax and he pets the owl-cat.

  “That hurt a lot, but we got rid of him, so I can't be mad. Albeit what was that attitude little lady?” The creature does not answer him. Merely licks his hurt hand as an apology and rubs herself against him.

  “Yeah… i don't like him either” Statement of the century.
 
  Dinner goes exactly as the first day, albeit he does manage to stall Simon for a bit after it mentioning Joshua and how he could help with the tower’s project.

  “But he is-” Elias shakes his head.

  “I can't deal with your rivalry with Hezekiah today Simon, I just can't. Look, he wants to help, he has technology we do not have. Are you really telling me you don't find the car thing impressive?” And his guilty face says it all.

  “Look, consider it ok? Tomorrow we will talk with Neil. I would add him if it means losing your support, but if the four of us do this it will be great for everyone! So just- just put your old grudges out for a minute ok? You can still send death threats to Hezekiah, he is still around”

  The old man seems to want to fight him, but ends up slumping his shoulders and nodding.

  “I will see, but if he starts talking about enclosed spaces and their beauty-” Elias has no idea why that is a problem considering that Simon made an underwater city! Alas, not the moment to go into that discussion again.

  “He won't, I swear, not deal?” And he sees his face turn mischievous.

  “Oh a deal then?” God dammit.

  “Shut up, I'm not- this isn't-!” Simon is fae now, so he needs to mind his words.

  “I know, old friend, I just found it funny. Now go and rest! My Titania awaits for me”

  With that he takes his leave and Elias finally goes to his room. The place looks almost as if no one had stayed over, he would think the maids came by to clean, but when he finally lays down to sleep, he can smell Peter’s floral scent on the pillow he used the day before. 

  …

  Elias ends up sleeping on that side of the bed. Compared to the day before, it felt a bit more cold and bigger than usual. Even if he knew it was just his mind playing tricks on him. At the very least Duchess joins him and lies next to his face.

  “Night my little lady” She makes a small hooting sound and Elias rests.
 
  
    4 days before the ball.
  

  The morning is quite peaceful, Simon tells him that he will agree to work with Joshua, so Elias informs the said man and sets a time to discuss things with him, Simon and Neil during the afternoon.

  Afterwards he goes to look for Pasha and Peter at the ship, by the time he gets there he can hear laughter. Elias is hit with a very odd view.

  Tadeas was lifting Pasha up as she kicked her legs and tail in the air giggling. Rosie was standing close by looking at it happen with a small smile and Peter for his part was petting Opal who seemed happy to have so many people around her.

  “Um, hello? Am I interrupting something?” Rosie stands straight and looks at him with apprehension and it settles badly on him, they still haven spoken in good terms beyond work.

  Tades smiles and carefully puts the girl down who starts to pout and tug at his hand.

  “Pleaaaase?” Ruffling her hair he shakes his head.

  “I believe that's enough, wouldn't want to upset your caretaker kid” 

  “Apologies, your majesty, Mr Dahl wanted to see the beach and Mr Foster was here with Pasha…” Rosie tries to explain herself, but he lifts a hand in a sign to stop.

  “That's completely fine Rosie, you are doing your job perfectly. I just came to check on Peter, but if you are busy I may come back later” The sailor for his part pats Opal one last time and steps closer.

  “I’m not busy now, so if you want-” Peter seemed rather eager, enough so that Tadeas gave him a look, while Rosie merely sighed.

  “Eye! Pasha wants to be tall like daddy and Mr Tadeas!” Elias snorts and kneels down, booping her nose.

  “Well, either you wait to grow up or become taller?” She blinks and makes a serious face. After a beat she starts to bubble up a bit and only manages to stretch herself up a few inches.

  “Not fair! Pasha wants to be big!” She clearly is too young to mimic an adult on her own, at least without stealing their memories first. Her body shrinks to her normal size and she crosses her arms and pouts. Elias chuckles a little bit and picks her up.

  “Well I suppose that means we must pick you up Princess, are you tall now?” Pasha smiles and nods before touching his cheeks in wonder.

  “Yaaays, Pasha is tall now!!” Smiling at her he turns to the others.

  “So? Did you want to tag along or not Mr Foster?”

  “Yes daddy! Let's go!! Miss Rosie can be nice and happy with Taddy” Elias has to keep his composure to not laugh at the nickname, can't offend his guest.

  Rosie for her part blushes and looks to Tadeas who seemed a bit flustered.

  
    Oh?
  

  Interesting.
 
  They split up and he brings Peter to the gardens, Pasha plays around and they talk for a bit. Simon and Titania went to town so there is no danger to them seeing Peter walking around for a few more hours.

  He tells him a short version of the day before, again omitting the worst parts of his encounter with Maxwell. He doesn't want Peter to worry about himself, it would be pointless and only bring conflict.

  Still he must have caught onto something because he asks if he is sure everything is fine.

  “Yes, yes, it was just a bit of a long day that's all. Entertaining so many people can be tiresome” A breeze caused by the pixies playing with Pasha moves some of his hair into his face so he tries to pull it back.

  Unfortunately it was with the hand that Duchess bit. Peter asks what happened and carefully holds it over his palm, never squeezing merely letting it rest so he can take it back when he wants.

  “An incident with the cat, the little lady got rowdy yesterday. I was in the tower speaking with Maxwell and she suddenly jumped on me and bit my hand. Made me drop my drink too” He sees him frown but not ask further, merely let Elias pull his hand back.

  Albeit Peter does softly put the strand of hair that flew into his face behind his ear.

  His heart skips a beat.

  “Probably got nervous with him around, or well, cats do like to randomly bite you. Captain scratched me like two days ago for no reason” Nodding even if he was half paying attention, Elias smiles gently at him and asks if he would like to get something to eat. Peter grins at him and gives him a wink.

  “Oh I know where the chef hides the best cookies, we could make a bit of a rush there…” 

  “My oh my, are you proposing we steal from the kitchen?” Shrugging Peter gives him a conspiratory look.

  “I would never! How could I steal something? I'm merely suggesting to… procure some food for the three of us, I'm sure Pasha would appreciate the chocolate chip cookies” And she would, just like Elias does.

  “Fairly sure she would. My, my, corrupting the king to steal like a common thief, you are quite something Mr Foster” Elias chooses that moment to fix up the man's shirt, it had the first few buttons open and he could see a bit of his chest.

  Harlot, still it was with all the fondness in the world that he thought that. 

  “Well, if you let me, you little thief… who knows? Maybe you have talent as a pastry thief besides your usual manipulation tactics. Or maybe I want to have you there in case we get caught so I can enjoy having your immunity too! In fact me and Pasha can hide behind you“ The mental image of this man trying and failing to hide behind him has him snorting and then start laughing.

  “Oh- oh Peter, if the head chef catches even 
  
    me 
  
  stealing from the cookie stash, she will not let me live it down, I can assure you that. Pff-”

  Between his laughter he hears Pasha speak behind them.

  “Hi! Are you a princess? Your hair is pretty and you smell like burnt toast” Freezing up, along with Peter who quickly starts to get blurry he sees Agnes watching Pasha curiously. Jack was a bit behind looking kind of flustered.

  “I am a queen” The little girl gasps.

  “Really really?” Jack finally steps up and smiles.

  “She is! And you are right she has very nice hair, albeit I don't think Agnes smells like toast, more like… a bit of burnt wood! Makes me think of campfires and baking, and isn't that lovely?” Jack Barnabass smiled brightly at his charge and then at his wife with a bit more softness. 

  Agnes for her part looked elsewhere but if the sun wasn't playing tricks on him-

  Elias swore her cheeks turned a bit more pink.

  “Pasha likes baking! My dad makes sweet stuff and it's yummy! Daddy! Lie! Look a queen and she smells nice!”

  Why did she insist on the smell part?!

  Plastering a smile he sees Peter snap back into focus as his magic stops working when the other two pay attention to him.

  “I know Pasha, c’mon we should go back, your dad is going to get you something to eat” Peter seems to be about to protest but he shakes his head sadly. 

  “Another day we will” He seemed a bit put off, but eventually he nodded and went to pick up the child.

  “Oww can I play with the fire lady instead?” And Elias is aware that Agnes is not actively a bad person, he has grown enough to understand that. But he also knows her magic is dangerous and that a wrong touch could harm the little girl. 

  The one who was supposed to scorch the earth burns the things you love the most. And she has reason to want to hurt him. The binding to Gertrude was still in place.

  “No dear, go with you dad for a bit, he was going to the kitchen-”

  “Is- is that so? I was wondering if… that is to say i enjoyed everything your staff made but- im used to cooking and i wanted...? With your permission of course i want to try and make something for Agnes to eat” Elias has no qualms with Jack’s request, but Peter… he turns to him to gauge his reaction.

  He doesn't look overly pleased, more like uncomfortable, but Pasha runs up to him and tugs at his pant leg while her tail swings around pleased.

  “Please? Ohh can we make cake for Lie again?” The man’s resolve crumbles and he sighs before picking her up.

  “Sure kiddo. Um, if you want to come, be my guest” Blunt as always, but Jack doesn't take it wrong, perhaps due to the fact that a few months ago he was just a regular baker who somehow managed to get the queen of the most volatile kingdom to fall for him.

  “See you in the tower later?” Peter nods at his suggestion and moves, while the other man follows and starts to talk to Pasha who asks him a lot of questions. Jack seemed honestly charmed by her and a quick take in his head just told him that it would be fine.
 
  
    Wonder if one day we could adopt… 
  

  
    Hopefully i can make some coffee and biscuits so she can eat something, i don't want her to look sad during meals.
  
 
  The man really just loves his wife. The other’s go and its just him and Agnes.

  “Miss Montague”

  “Elias” She nods at him and he asks her if she would like to chat for a bit.

  “There’s a table and some chairs to sit outside-” Agnes shakes her head.

  “Are they made out of Metal or Stone?” It takes a bit to answer.

  “I believe metal” Nodding she follows him.

  “Wooden ones burn if i sit for too long, or suddenly combust once i stand up, don't want to destroy anything” 

  Oh, right.

  “That's very kind of you” The silence that follows is very awkward, Elias knows that he wants to breach the subject of changing the binding with her. But he is still not sure, she could become irrational and attack, but on the other hand it's the only way for him to be able to get rid of Getrude in the future.

  They sit down, neither of them speak. He honestly doesn't know how to breach the subject or gauge her reaction, Agnes looks and acts very carefully, but she is a force of nature. Start small then.

  “So… are you enjoying your stay?” She nods and looks towards the castle, after a beat she sighs and actually answers him.

  “I do, it's colorful and very… peaceful, the people here look happy. Jack took me to the town, i had to wear a few more layers to not touch anyone by accident but it was fun. I felt like a normal person” Her tone is rather flat, albeit by the end she sounded a bit unsure, perhaps even upset?

  “Well, I'm glad then. Is it… bad? That you felt like that?” Her face remains stoic but he could see some fire behind her usually melancholic eyes.

  “It is, but also not? I knew what my fate was since I was born, but when I tried to accomplish it I failed. And everyone treated me differently, but they hoped I would succed anyways. Feeling normal, being normal it's not something i… not something i expected or wanted” Elias did not expect her to just flat out tell him.

  “I… would like to say I understand but I'm afraid that would be a lie” She sighs.

  “I know, no one really does. Being forced to be a piece to a greater fate than your own does things to oneself. I do not understand what my purpose is, but… I have started to think that no one does. At least that's what Jack says and what i have observed so far” 

  “He seems… nice” Agnes nods, she has a small smile. “How did you meet, if I may ask? I found out of your marriage after my trip to Hilltop”

  “I got tired of the palace, everything was the same and it's not like i was doing much ruling to be honest, i didn't see the point to it. So I sneaked out of the castle and went into town. I wore regular clothes and hid my hair with a shawl. I don't need food the normal way, but… I like the smell of it and there was a single bakery open” 

  “So you met Jack there” She nodded.

  “He didn't know, even with all my oddities, with me not draining or really eating anything, he never noticed. He only saw me come in and he would always smile and offer me a new pastry he made. The place wasn't that much of a big deal, it was rather small and messy. Most people don't try for comfort back home, but he did. He was kind to me, so on a whim i asked him out” Her lips twitch upwards.

  “We went to take a walk and…  that's it, he just talked to me as we would walk around town, asking my opinion on everything, something no one ever did. He showed me his favourite places in town, talked and listened to me as if was another person and not a vessel of destruction. I doubted my porpoise, because… if i destroyed the world as i should have i would have never met him, or realized that there is so much more beyond what i was taught” 

  Her story is… very touching.

  “I was furious for being caged in, but that simmered down. And now I'm just tired, but life is not as bad, not as empty. I can actually see a future for myself, even want it. Anyways eventually Jude caught what I was doing and she and the others came to pick me up. Jack didn't understand, though I was being jailed to be honest, all he asked was for a kiss of goodbye” Her gloved hands tapped the table a few times.

  “I did, I kissed his cheek, it scorched him, but… it didn't kill him or consume him in flames, I didn't want that. I wanted… to go out for walks, to talk about something that wasn't fate. I wanted to make the place better so people could be happy like he was. So I did, for the first time I commanded Jude and the others to step down and told him the truth after making sure he was ok. Then the rest is history so to speak, I started to actively change things in Solai and eventually asked Jack to marry me. Its funny, he actually tried to propose to me at the same time”

  And he gets a flash of a memory from her perspective of the man offering her a blackened ring while she gave him a silver one.

  He feels oddly moved for some reason, there is something about it… she got to marry the man she wanted despite everything.

  Something Elias was too afraid to do and by the time he wasn't it was too late.

  “I know I asked, but why 
  
    are you
  
   telling me? I figured you would refuse, considering everything” Agnes stares at him for a good long while, he feels as if she was casting judgement upon his soul.

  “Because...you have someone you love and you understand” Elias tenses. “I saw you two before the little one talked to me. And even without that, I can still tell with my magic when someone cares about something so much they are afraid to lose it” Unclenching his jaw he talks.

  “If this is some form of threat-” 

  “No” Her tone is sharp, he sees the ends of her hair start to… become fire. “It's not a threat, i told you because you understand what it means to love and to be afraid to hurt what you care for” 

  “I cannot- my situation is different i can't do what you did” She sighs.

  “I don't expect you to, but I know you love him and the child, they shimmer with the imprints of your love. Encompassing and all assuming, I can see how much you love them and how much it would hurt if you lost them, they have it surrounding them. Your situation is not my concern, what i want is advice, help” Taking a deep calming breath he makes a motion with his hand to keep going.

  “I cannot touch Jack without hurting him, holding hands, kissing his cheek, even a hug, it all must be done with layers of clothes in between. Sometimes it's not even enough, i get… happy or too emotional and my flames become unbearable despite the protection. What can i do to keep him safe from me?”

  And that is exactly what Elias was doubting telling her.

  She knows his weakness, knows that she could hurt Peter or Pasha to get him, she has an advantage, giving her the other end of the binding would give her even more power.

  But if he doesn't Gertrude will stay, giving it to someone else in the kingdom would be the most logical decision. Yet, he can see a bit of desperation in her eyes, can peek into her head and feel the burning anger and resentment, but also…

  The softness and fledging love for this man who somehow saw her as an actual person and not a weapon.

  The one thing she wants to keep for herself.

  Just like Elias wants to keep Peter and Pasha.

  Choices.

  Taking a deep breath he offers her an out.

  “What if your bidding was towards him instead of Gertrude?” Agnes' face becomes shocked.

  “That's not-” Gentry he contradicts her.

  “It is, I have a friend who can twist the binding towards someone else. This is a show of… good faith and trust. You know what it means” Agnes nods.

  “When your court finds out-” That's when she cuts him off.

  “They won't, if they knew Jack was the one i was connected to, they would arrange an assasination. It will stay with me, i don't want eternity, i want one life and i want to spend it with him” Elias analizes her face and her mind and finds she is telling the truth.

  “Will he accept it? And… if Gertrude dies…” Agnes smiles albeit sadly.

  “I will say I don't know what happened, I will keep him safe. She… i hope her ending is fitting for her” He doesn't want to dig into whatever they have, mostly because Gertrude terrifies him and there is something better left unknown.

  “Perfect” 

  “I also wanted to… open trade with you, I think it's time for a few more changes” Elias feels himself smile.

  “What changed your mind?” Her smile turns mischievous, something he didn't think was possible.

  “You did, you changed and so did I. Caring does that to oneself doesn't it?”

  “Yeah…” He thinks of Peter, Pasha, Helen and Tim.

  ….Even Rosie.

  “It does”



  Eventually he leaves when Jack comes back with a tray with coffee and biscuits. Agnes waves at him and he tells her that the morning of the ball they could do the twisting. Something she seemed relieved about.

  “I will explain it to him, we will be ready. Thank you” 
 
  Elias goes to his tower and finds a sailor, a cat-owl and a regular cat all looking around in bewilderment.

  “Umm” Peter turns surprised back at him.

  “Elias!” He looks around but doesn't see anything worth looking like the others.

  “Is there something wrong? You seemed rather perplexed” The cats were sniffing around.

  “No- n- well does the place smell a bit fruity to you? Kind of like… raspberries and…” He sees him look around and smell a bit.

  “Like plums?” What? Elias does try to catch any fruit scent, but he comes up with nothing.

  “Are you sure? I can't smell anything at all” Peter scratches his head but ends up relenting.

  “Maybe it's my imagination?” He tried to think of anything that could make those smells, but nothing in the office fits.

  “I mean i dropped my drink yesterday but it's not wine and it did not have any fruit on it” Peter still seemed a bit puzzled but he shook his head and tried to change the conversation by offering him some muffins.

  “Weren't you going to steal cookies?” His face was sheepish.

  “I was, but Jack wanted to bake and Pasha wanted to help… a thing led to another and here we are” He took a bite, it was delicious.

  “Goodnes, this is great! Speaking of, where is she?” Peter sits in front of him and takes his own bite.

  “Oh, we crossed paths with Tim and she wanted to offer Sasha her muffins, so the two of them went to meet up with her” They talk a bit more and Elias has a great time, he is comfortable with Peter, even Duchess jumps to the sailors lap to get some pets. All in all so far the day has been perfect.
 
  Later he and Peter split up, the man mentions going to look for Tim and Pasha while his cat hangs from his shoulder. Elias rolls his eyes and pats Captain who playfully nibbles on his finger making him chuckle.

  “Cute little thing” Peter nods.

  “One of the cutest things here anyways” He doesn't have time to catch on to what he meant until he is left alone.

  Elias laughs nervously and feels his face burn.

  Later he does meet up with Neil, Simon and Joshua, the proceeding talks about their project took hours. He had to herd the conversation several times since the three men would start to go off topic and go on tangents about other projects. Plus Simon would just lightly bully Joshua who took it in stride and was admittedly intrigued by the things the old king said regarding his own advances.

  Regardless of the amount of chaos and the times he felt like a teacher telling the kids to stop talking during lessons, the combined ideas of all of them actually gave more shape to the possibility of the towers.

  So it was worth the headaches.
 
  Speaking of that he decided to rest in his room alone to not cross paths with anyone for a few hours before dinner. He trusts that the place won't go down in flames if he doesn't check on the others for a while.

  So much so that he falls asleep.

  He wakes up with a start due to a nightmare of shadow pulling at him while the smell of raspberries and plums overwhelms him.

  He checks the time and realizes dinner will be in 15 minutes, so with a groan he goes to change.
 
  The affair is a bit more peaceful than the day before, apparently the afternoon softened Simon to Joshua a bit. Titania has Maxwell pinned with a stare all night and he can see the man struggle to not react.

  For all that he claims that dark magic is powerful, it doesn't hold a candle to the entire of the sky swallowing you. Elias smirks while he drinks.



  Of course the awful man corners him before he can go his way to his room and offers him a bottle.

  “Since last time your… pet ruined your drink I figured we could share one later?” He is tired and tries to rebuff him softly, but Maxwell is insistant and starts to accompany him to his room, something he finds very distasteful.

  “Look, maybe tomorrow night we can drink it with the rest-” He frowns.

  “Its a gift my dear, i did not buy this for them” He clenches his jaw.

  “Then another day, I already drank and I don't feel like indulging now. If you excuse me i shall rest-” Maxwell grabs his waist and turns him towards him, Elias barely manages to not punch him as he leans down close to his face.

  “What, Maxwell?”

  “You seem irritated” The smirk he gives him irks him to no end.

  “Well you are manhandling me, so i suspect it is warranted” He sees him tilt his head and it makes him shiver, there is something wrong with it. His grip on his hip is strong.

  “I just want to be nice, but you are acting quite… reluctant, if i recall you sent me letters asking for me, or did i imagine those?” Fucker.

  “You did not, but it's a transaction that I want” He scoffs and laughs in his face.

  “Oh, did you think I want love? Love is for children or fairy tales. Even the fire witch will eventually burn that poor fool to ashes. No you and I, don't do love, we do power. Love is just… a way to get someone to do what you want”

  “I think you might be wrong” He sees him look critically at him and gives him a pitying look that makes him glare at Maxwell.

  “Love is a weapon Elias, you knew that, or did you not use it to gain your spot hm? After all, the queen lost her son and husband. Yet she finds a clever boy who could replace what she lost. And you… you got a mother fig-” Its too much, he shoves Maxwell away and is barely able to stop himself from slapping him.

  “Shut up, I did not. The previous queen did not choose me because of that, so you can shove that opinion right out of here. Also do not, and I mean this, do not involve my mother ever again. Keep the bottle, good night Maxwell” He starts to walk away when he hears him move closer. He was about to snap again when he heard a familiar voice.

  “Your majesty, there you are! Would you like me to escort Mr Rayner to his room?” Tim's smile is friendly, but he can see the way he is holding his staff, the way his eyes won't leave Maxwell.

  “He is not supposed to be here if i recall” 

  “I can make my way back on my own. See you tomorrow Elias” He doesnt turn towards him.

  When Tim relaxes, Elias can breathe easily. Albeit not for long.

  “You aren't marrying him” He sighs. His tone is accusatory and… worried.

  “I do not want to, but if Tadeas cannot get me to marry the prince is my only shot” Tim walks with him, he must see how troubled he looked.

  “There are so many other options! Why him? Why do you have to ask him?” He can't tell him, he will inform Peter of the condition of his deal to save Pasha.

  “I need to marry someone of royal blood Tim, everyone else winned their places, Maxwell and the Lukas are the only royal families who had a bloodline” Tim looks like he wants to say something, his face becomes unsettled, but eventually he remains silent.

  For a minute.

  “Why? What reason do you possibly have to want that? Tell me?” Elias shakes his head.

  “Don't ask that, just trust me i have a valid and important reason for it ok? I wouldn't do this if I didn't Timothy however is not that easily swayed.

  “No, I'm not Peter, I'm not going to let you get away with your bullshit. You don't want this! Look, I didn't get to see all that happened ok? But I did see the look he was giving you as he started to approach you. You can't consider him, I thought everyone was exaggerating when they said he was creepy, but… it's true. So please tell me, we are friends right?”

  Again he is being forced to do this, he still feels bad about Rosie…

  “No, we aren't, you are Peter’s friend” They are almost in his room.

  “Don't pull that” He gives Tim an annoyed look.

  “What do you-”

  “Don't pull the social status or the i'm not your friend. Fine, maybe I am more of Peter’s friend, but I like you! And I would help you if you asked me, not because of my job. Besides… considering we shared a moment in the circus i think we are way past the point of not being at least friends” He sees him wink to try and lighten the mood.

  “I kissed you to help you!” He laughed.

  “You did. So?”

  And telling someone would probably alleviate the weight on his shoulder. But it can't be Timothy.

  “I can't tell you. I want to! But… i cant ok? I know what i'm doing, so please have a little bit of faith in me” Tim waits by his door and Elias sighs.

  “I will try my very best to not marry him, but its not in my hands Tim. I need for Tadeas to get the queen to agree to marry his son to me” The man makes a conflicted look, but slowly nods.

  “Let's hope he can”

  “Yeah…” Elias enters his room and hears Tim walk off.

  He certainly hopes so.



  
    3 days before the ball.
  

  Pasha follows him like a little shadow along with Duchess, when he turns around she hides and giggles. Sometimes she actually takes the time to shapeshift into an object to he has to use find her.

  Its adorable and fun and it makes him happy.

  It lasts until Rayner passes by and scowls at her. Pasha hisses and growls at him.

  “Feral child” Elias picks her up as her shape shifts and her hands become sharper.

  “Weird, weird you smell weird, something is wrong with your face” His face-?

  Maxwell takes a breath and shakes his head.

  “For you” He gifts him a small bouquet of flowers. Pasha hugs him close and he picks it up with his free hand.

  “I was an…. a bad person yesterday” He seems to at least be mindful of his lenguage with the child present. “And i wanted to rectify it. I will take my leave now, just… keep them” Maxwell turns and goes and Elias left a bit perplexed, but ultimately relieved that he didnt stuck around.

  “Wrong shadow, wrong smell. Pasha doesnt like him dad” He nods and kisses her forehead.

  “Me either but sometimes you have to deal with bad people for good reasons” His reason to deal with Maxwell was hugging him and blowing raspberries on his neck.

  “Pasha will bite him if he is mean to Eye” He closes his eyes and hugs her close. He is doing this for her, for Peter.

  For the three of them.



  In the afternoon there are no incidents, he even lets Pasha go and spend time with grandpa Simon and grandma Titania. All of them seemed extremely pleased by that arrangement.

  He even hears Titania wonder if perhaps they had taken their nephew away they could have done this too with him as a child. She seemed upset. Elias is already dealing with enough crises as it is, he can't add more regarding their family drama.
 
  So he takes the time to look for Helen to check on her and tell her about Agnes. She still seemed to be a bit down but at the very least, the news of the twisting made her happy.

  “Something exciting!! I had to behave now that you have guests. You have no idea how hard it is to not mess with some of them, they make it so easy” He tiredly thanks her for not doing that and tells her he will reward her later once they are gone.

  “We can go and cause some mayhem im in the mood for it” She looks thrilled as her dress bursts into colors.

  “Great darling!” They catch up and she tells him a few pranks she played on the staff.

  “Oh! I did meet this girl, she is quite fun! She thinks my knife hands are impressive” Familiar…

  “Was it… could she be Melanie?” She nods.

  “Of course…”



  Later on he crosses paths with Rosie, who was seemingly talking with Tadeas. From where he is he can watch them without their notice, she was laughing lightly at something the man said.

  Both seemed a bit flustered, he doesnt think he has seen her like that in… a long while. Elias is tired of pushing back and hurting those he likes. Of missing things.

  “Rosie? May I request your help with something” She jumps back a bit not having realized he was there. Tadeas steadies her and she flushes even more.

  Her face matches her hair.

  “Yes-! Yes of course your majesty. Mr Dahl? I will see you later” He nods.

  “I will probably go to the library so if it doesn’t take I will wait for you my fair lady” Said lady has to clear her throat and re-arranges her dress skirt.

  “Of course” She smiles at him and Tadeas turns to go. He leads her to his office in the tower, the walk is quiet, where usually there would be gossip and questions. The thing is keeping everything to himself is not doing him wonders, he can't tell Tim, but… he has someone he trusts who cares about Pasha. Once inside he asks her to sit down.

  “Sir, is there a problem? I was doing my best to do as you instructed, Mr. Dahl is enjoying his stay and is very impressed by Opperior, I'm sure he can convince the queen to-” He sits down and shakes his head.

  “I know, you are doing great, I asked you here for two reasons actually. The first one… the first one i owed it to you. Rosie? I'm sorry about what I said. I truly am. The truth is I am under a lot of stress lately and I took on you. You reminded me of something… listen there is no excuse, i just wanted to tell you how sorry i am”

  Her eyes become wider and she seems to be unsure how to respond.

  “Sir…”

  “Yes?”

  “Are you sick? Are you possessed again? Ding maybe!” What???

  “Pardon me?” She has a concerned look.

  “You never apologize, never, I was expecting you to eventually just try to pick up where we left once I calmed down, what is wrong?” God is that mental image she had of him??

  “No! No I'm not- Good lord, I am sorry ok? I realized… that I am tired of just pushing people away. Of hurting them, look I mean it” She still seems a bit doubtful.

  “Ok… let's say I believe you, what if I don't want to forgive you?” It stings, but it's understandable.

  “Then you don't, i'm not forcing you, i'm just letting know” She looks at him deep in thought.

  Her nose scrunches up and he can't help but smile.

  “I won't forgive you yet, i'm still mad but… thank you” That's more than he expected.

  “Understandable” She nods and asks carefully about the second reason, Elias stays quiet for a moment debating if he should, but ultimately he knows he can't keep doing this. Everyone just questions him all the time, he has no one to admit why he is doing this-

  Its dragging him down.

  “A truth, Rosie, I want to be with Peter, very much so. I would love to ask him out and marry, but I can't. And not because of what I told you, I lied. There is a reason as to why i'm doing all of this, even if i don't want to, even if Maxwell makes me uncomfortable” She stays quiet and Elias finally spurred on by the moment and his exhaustion tells her what happened in the forest.

  …

  …

  …

  “Sir you are- I would like to say an idiot but you did this for love, and for the little one” They are on the couch drinking and taking swigs of a bottle.

  “I know”

  “But you are very dumb” He looks to the ceiling.

  “I know Rosie” They stay quiet.

  “I don't like it, but I get it, if it's to save her… I get it. But why not tell Mr Foster the reason?” He laughs a bit mirthlessly.

  “Where do I even begin? Do I tell him that in fact Pasha wouldn't have made it? That her being alive meant I'm stuck marrying someone I don't love? That if I wanted I could take it back killing her? What pray tell, do i say to him? That I had to see her start to melt between my fingers and what her last words were? I can't do that, telling them would break their hearts”

  “And marrying someone else wouldn't? She wants a family, and i'm fairly sure Peter loves you back”

  “Yeah, he realized a bit too late” She places her head hesitantly on his shoulder.

  “Don't do that, don't begrudge him that. Feelings are feelings we can't control them. You did something very kind and put yourself in a bad position because of your own feelings sir-”

  “Elias, just… Elias is fine” She breathes out.

  “Elias then. So don’t, it's not his fault, maybe death, maybe the threat to your life made him realize it, it doesn't matter whatever it is, he cares. So do you and this hurts you both” Elias presses his cheek to the top of her head.

  “I know, my best best is to get Mooreland to agree to the marriage, Maxwell wouldn't let me have a lover. But then I don't think they would care if I did” She nods.

  “Tadeas says that its common from previous kings and queens to have lovers since most marriages are of convenience. Albeit Queen Anna never did, her late husband either”

  “Well, that's my best shot then” 

  “Sir…” He shakes his head.

  “I just needed to tell someone. I know there is no easy solution beyond hoping he can convince the queen to agree” The woman stays quiet and suddenly sits up straight hitting him in the face lightly.

  “Sorry, sorry! But si- Elias. I will make sure he does, no matter what!” He sees her determination and it gives him an awfully happy feeling.

  “You would do that?” Rosie nods.

  “Even if the situation is dire, i would rather you have a chance to be happy in any way you can” He laughs and thanks her.

  “You are welcome” She holds his hand and squeezes for a second before getting up.

  “I took too long, hopefully he did not get bored…” Elias nods, albeit he also can't help himself.

  “Ah i hope you know that you have my full blessing” She looks confused at him as he raises his eyebrows suggestively. Her face turns red and Rosie calls him childish.

  “Oh now i am the childish one, but when you and the entire staff make bets on my love life i'm paranoid” She actually flips him off.

  Elias stares and Rosie looks with a face of terror.

  “Shit- I mean-” Elias doubles over and starts to laugh. “Oh sod off!” 



  In the two days before the ball, the only interesting thing that happened was that everytime he and Maxwell crossed paths someone from the staff would randomly appear and stay close by, Maxwell seemed really miffed about the development. He wonders if it was Tim’s doing, then again who else would rally everyone to seemingly babysit them.

  Maybe Rosie sure, but his money is on Tim.

  This seemed to upset the other king who tried to find time alone with him by all means, in fact that's the reason why he crossed paths with him and Peter.

  Elias had been careless, of course he was, he thought no one would be looking for him so he was having some off time with the sailor, who was making him laugh with horrible little sea puns. They were at the beach nearby, he playfully hit his arm and smiled at him, something that made the man look down to his lips. Peter’s hand brushed his own and it was so easy to just-

  “Ah Elias, i found you” He steps back and feels his back go rigid, Peter for his part also tenses and he looks behind Elias with a look of blank joy that he knows its reserved for strangers and people he doesn't like.

  Shit!

  “Seems like it, hello Maxwell” He finally turns and smiles albeit a bit wanly at him.

  “Did not expect you to be… frolicking around” His expression is neutral but he can see the way his mouth curves in displeasure. “Who might you be?”

  Peter seems to hesitate so he tries to amend.

  “A friend of mine, we were just catching up” Rayner tilts his head in similar fashion to Peter, but it feels more janky. Like it doesn't quite fit.

  “A 
  
    friend…
  
  ? Would he be the one to gift you such a nice ring?” Oh.

  Elias doesn't waver and answers quickly.

  “I have more friends, don't presume” Finally Peter speaks.

  “Hello your majesty, i’m Peter Foster, its a pleasure to meet you” Maxwell gives him a judging look and turns to him.

  “Your tastes are getting worse” A silent moment. He wants to tell him that he is the worst and how dare he imply such a thing-!

  “Ah totally agree! I'm just a silly man, Elias could do so much better to be honest. Much, much better than anyone here now” Maxwell scowls at him and he wants to yell at Peter! He is painting a target on his back.

  “Anyways, i'm sorry your majesty but you will have to wait to speak with him. It would be terribly rude to steal him away now, wouldn't it?” Elias stays quiet, on the one hand he wants Peter to go and stop drawing attention to himself, on the other he doesn't want to be alone with Maxwell at all.

  “Tch, is that a way to speak to a royal? Elias you should control your… pet project a bit more” God insufferable prick.

  “He is not a project and he is right, we may speak later when i am done here Maxy” The nickname makes him clench his jaw, Simon gave him that one as a joke and he hates it.

  “If you are sure, but i would prefer if your staff kept from dropping in, its not like i'm going to… eat you up or anything, i merely wish to chat, maybe have a drink just the two of us” He would rather break a bottle over his head.

  “They are doing their jobs, I can't kick them out. Now if you excuse us…” Elias was about to go when Maxwell steps closer and grabs his wrist again. Stop touching him so lightly!

  “Do you promise we may talk then?” He squeezes and Elias nods, making him release him.

  “Then enjoy your day with Mr Foster” He despises him.



  “Elias-”

  “Shut up i know” Peter watches him pace across the library.

  “Don't shut me up! What the fuck was that? Is that how he treats you?” 

  “Peter… I can handle myself ok? He is just an asshole, but a necessary one, that's all” Finally the taller man gets tired of seeing him move around and stands in front of him stopping him.

  “It doesn't mean you are ok, has he been harassing you like this…?” He shakes his head.

  “No, no. He is just trying to do some weird power move over me, I can handle that” Peter puts his hands over his shoulders and speaks softly to him.

  “But its making you feel bad, Elias you have been shaking for a while” And he realizes he is right, his hands are steady against his frame.

  “I-” Peter hesitates but envelops him in a hug.

  “I trust you can, i just worry” And there is something so raw about that sentence that makes him feel like he was cracked open. He breathes in and out.

  They stay like that until he calms down and Peter drags him to the couch offering to let him play with his hair. Of course he agrees and the taller man lays his head on his lap and lets him brush his hair with his hand and make him some tiny braids.

  It does help settle his frayed nerves.



  The day before the ball Gertrude herself bullies Maxwell out of their presence and tells him that he better not marry that man.

  “Quite frankly you can do better” He can't help but snort.

  “I could huh?” He thinks of Peter. Definitely better
 
  Elias gives Pasha her dress for the ball and tells her that even if she doesn't remember, he promised her the first dance. Her goopy eyes were huge.

  “You did?” Smiling he picks her up with one hand and lets her hang from his shoulder.

  “I did, you are my little princess and i would love to dance with you” She looks at him and starts to make tiny chirping sounds.

  They all mean the same thing.

  I love you.

  Maxwell is wrong, love is not control. Its caring even if it hurts.

  Its happiness and sadness too.

  Its many things, but not just a fairy tail.

  Speaking of that…

  “I also have another surprise” She pokes his cheek with her tiny stick-like hands and asks excitedly what it is.

  “I was thinking… that telling you the story of how Peter, you and I met is not enough, that memories can be fickle and tampered with.... So what if I wrote it down for you? Made it sort of a storybook? Would you like that?” She doesn't seem as happy which worries him.

  “If you don't want it-” She turns red in alarm.

  “Pasha loves it! But… Pasha doesn't remember how to read… that was all Sasha” Oh.

  Right, he needs to remember that she is new to all of this. Like a normal little kid then.

  “Oh doll, i can teach you, and besides i need to write all of it yet, who knows maybe when you know how to write and read you can make your own chapter mm?” She seems gobsmacked.

  “Can i?” He nods and places her next to the sleeping Duchess on his bed.

  “Yes! This is for later, i can teach you first and then you i will get you some tutors… maybe go to class to meet other kids!” She shrinks down a bit.

  “Pasha is not a kid, not really, they will be scared of me. No, no, how sad, Pasha will be sad” 

  “They won't, look for now let's focus on one thing at the time, let's try that dress and see how much of a princess you look like!” She cheers and turns into her kid shape to put it on.

  She looks adorable, god he wonders if Simon brought that camera thing like he promised, he wants to take a few pictures of her the next day.



  Finally the last two things of interest were that his ring goes missing and that Sasha tells him that her friends Jonny and Gerry would arrive early.

  “I think tomorrow night or the next day to be honest their letter was a bit unclear, Micheal will bring them, but Gerry said that it depends on how quick they can make a getaway from Addelard. Apparently he has been keeping them busy” He nods absentmindedly thinking where he might have put the bloody thing. If Pasha started to chew on it again…

  “Good to know… hey where is Martin? I haven't seen him around” He noticed the disappearance of the ghostly man.

  “Mm, good question, I don't know! I don't know what it is about this kingdom that makes him disappear like that. We came to that festival a few months back and he ditched us right in the middle of it, we didn't find him till after the lanterns were in the sky” 

  “Oh! You came then? Shame we missed you, we could have given your memories back early then. Small world huh?” She nods and cleans up a few bottles in her store.

  “Yup! The coincidences never end” Duchess who was minding her business jumps towards her and knocks on a jar making her curse. Elias is hit by the smell of something fruity.

  “No! I needed that, do you know how hard those are to come by??” Elias pulls at the creature and apologizes saying he will pay for it.

  “Its not the money the issue, those leaves are hard to buy, they are banned in most lands. Ugh, we will need to take a trip to those caves again…” She sighs.

  “I'm sorry Sasha, I don't know what's gotten into her lately. She also ate the flowers Maxwell gave me and broke the wine bottle he dropped into my study yesterday.” The woman nods and pets the head of the owl cat, her tiny wings become fluffier as if she enjoyed it.

  “Cats, even part owl are still cats and love to make trouble. Jonny’s cat is also a bit weird, sometimes i feel as if it knows what we are saying. Still miss the little guy, you will probably like General Mittens” Elias nods and apologizes again before offering to repay her too.

  “It's fine I was running out anyways, had to make a few healing potions for some folk around town. I just hate how hard they are to get, buying them is expensive since smugglers have to get them. Or naturally finding them is a nightmare, they only grow in complete darkness, hence my need to find caves. Last one we went on had a cursed skeleton army under it, i almost got my head chopped off”

  “Good lord” She nods and tells him all about it. His mind is stuck somehow on the familiar scent, he can't place what exactly it reminds him of.

  Duchess gags suddenly but doesn’t throw up anything. 

  “Reckon she ate something?” He hopes it wasnt another rat or smaller bird.

  “I hope not”

  Tomorrow was going to be a very, very long day.

  
    Chapter Text
    Finally the day arrives, Elias wakes up very early in the morning and takes a few minutes to breathe in and out just… relaxing in bed. The day will be chaos, there are hundreds of things that could go wrong, he has so many responsibilities and-
   Breath out. 
He should focus on the important parts, The music, food and decoration were being handled by his staff.Agnes and Gertrude, the twisting of the bond, the ballroom, the magic needed to decorate the place, the surprise-He got that idea from the trips to the magic forest with Peter to be honest, he thought it would be beautiful, he hopes everyone enjoys it.Those are the things Elias should focus on, the rest is simple.The town would be celebrating as well, in their own fashion of course. That way the other monarchs could go and explore having fun in a festival while the castle is being prepared. He feels… oddly calm for some reason now. He knows everyone is working hard, that things will soon go back to normal and that maybe just maybe he will get his answer soon and get married. That doesn't make him happy, but he is far more at ease now that he has Mooreland as a very likely ally.Despite everything, Elias has a feeling that things will go well today.
  
  
The process to do the twisting according to Helen would be simple, all Elias needs to do is let her get close to Gertrude for a few moments to “steal” the other end, that way she can turn it elsewhere, in this case to Jack, who Agnes says agreed to it.“Albeit he seemed hesitant, when I asked he said… that he didn't want to trap me into something” Elias saw the fond smile on her lips. “Silly man, I would not ask this of him if I didn't want it. This time it's my choice and I chose to spend my life with him and not burn the world. It's too… good to disappear for my taste” It's very moving to be honest.So Elias calls out Gertrude to talk about the ball and security measures, first because its a good excuse and secondly because he honestly wants her opinion on it. Despite his idea of wanting to get rid of her, he still needs her expertise for a little bit longer, with any luck she can finish up training Tim and when the time comes Elias will succeed in replacing her.Things were going well, albeit she kept making snide comments about his intentions with Maxwell and Tadeas. Something he did not appreciate.“Listen, I am doing what you wanted for so long, I'm looking for an alliance! What is it with you? Besides its not like you care about me to be worried like the rest of the staff” She pins him with a glare that he returns. Elias is tired of her, he knows she is plotting against him, has been for months, maybe years.Gertrude never liked him.“Maxwell is not an ally you want, in fact I dare say he is a threat. Having him in a political marriage with you will bring nothing but danger to the kingdom, he is planning something. There had been some odd movements on his part. He went to Annabelle; there have been signs of odd deliveries to Erebus. Whatever it is, it will end poorly for us. Do not fall for it ok? As for Mooreland, do you really think the most isolated kingdom will commit? There are rumours too of them losing their own heirs! You know that” He does, but considering he got letters from the queen and prince, and Tadeas seemed like a reasonable man…“I understand and trust me I do not want Maxwell involved, as for Mooreland… I have no reason to believe they would be lying. They lost their allies with Erebus and Aella, so it is very likely they need this. If they are desperate then the better for me” She paces and sighs.“What about Joshua? Even Mr Lagorio seems reasonable enough if you want political help, after all you helped free his people by distracting Annabelle with your presence.” He thought about it, but neither met the criteria his patron wanted.“For reasons I cannot disclose they are not eligible choices I’m afraid. Look, let's just make the ball go well today and in a few things every-” He doesnt get to finish since a door that wasn't there opens and Helen steps out looking between them. Her eyes stop on Gertrude and she smiles impossibly wider.“Hello, am I interrupting something?” Elias has to play along even if he doesn't fully know what she is planning.“Yes Helen, if you could come a bit later we may speak” He tries to sound annoyed, the fae woman laughs and he feels his ears pop. “Oh yes, apologies for that, I just heard that marriage thing and wanted to… intervene! Why you could always ask dear Peter” He glares at her and it's not an act.“Helen, not the time if you may go-”“Yes, I was wondering about that, what with you flaunting the man around, very surprising you chose to look for a royal partner in the end. Perhaps you weren’t as close as it seemed, wouldn't surprise me” Gertrude turns towards him again and he feels… Angry at her dismissiveness, it reminds him of Maxwell's little talk about love.“What do you mean it wouldn't surprise you?” He knows this is all a ploy, but it definitely is hitting all the sore spots for him. The older woman scoffs.“It's not like you hadn't done the same before. With… what was the young man’s name… Yes Mr Bennet. Albeit you were younger and a bit more foolish back then” Elias takes a deep breath, he was about to tell her off and he is interrupted by a high pitched laugh.“Oh, oh that's great coming from you! From the gossip I got around you were bonded to a princess and you were so wicked even someone meant to destroy the earth didn't want you. Love would pass next to you and you would still choose to wave it away in your pursuit of destroying everything different” Helen is now standing very close to the two of them and she gives Gertrude a cruel grin. The older woman doesn't seem phased despite the taunts.“Love is for children, what I do is for the good of the people in the long run. A single person's life for hundreds of others is a small price to pay don't you think?” Clinical and cold as always. She is not wrong, but… there are special cases, Elias understands it now.Helen for her part looks down, her hair covers her eyes and he could only see the scowl she was making.“Is that so? Do you think tricking someone is fair? Do you think making them leave their child and never come back again is fair? To have them wait and realize their only family is never coming back? Maybe it's one life to you, but it wasn't just any life for me. You took Micheal from me and I turned into this to find him, your choice did this to me. Your lack of care and empathy did this to me! Wonder how many other orphans or wrecked families you have left in your wake general”Helen sounds coldly furious.“Micheal agreed to help, he wanted to save people” And Elias knew with stark clarity that was the wrong thing for Gertrude to say. Helen doesn't have a knife of any kind, why would she? All she needs are her hands.The next thing he knows is that his general is making a pained sound and that Helen’s finger was stretched out looking like a razor sharp knife.It stabbed her shoulder.“HELEN!?” He shouts at her and she pulls back.“You are lucky that I'm friends with the little king and that he doesn't want you dead. This is the least you can suffer for what your actions did to me” Elias did not think she would actually harm Gertrude, the Fae woman twists her finger and the older woman takes out a knife from her pocket and stabs Helen’s hand.He hears sizzling as if her flesh burned. Helen screams and stabs Gertrude harder. Both seem to be locked in the moment.“That's enough! Both of you” Helen glares and it takes another minute for her to reply.“How about we both pull back in the count of 3?” Gertrude looks like she would rather cut her face with the knife.“How about I finally get rid of you?” His friend face contorts in an unnatural way.“ H O W A B O U T I M A K E Y O U L O S E I T ?”  The room changes and for a moment everything feels wrong.Were the walls that color of yellow before?Was the floor made of wood or marble? The rugs and paintings….Everything became dizzying and confusing and he couldn't trust his own perception.“Fine! 1-” Gertrude relents.“2” Helen counts for her.“3!” Both at the same time pull back and the room snaps into focus. Elias stumbles a bit and he sees the fae hold her injured hand.“See? A small price to pay for all the pain you brought! As for the little king… he understands love better than you ever will, you heartless monster”“Look who's talking” Helen laughs.“Oh the funny thing is, what I do is in my nature, but I can fight it. I know I can now, but you? You have no excuse, you chose to be like that. Eli dear? I will rest up a bit, I want to look dashing for the ball! I have been asked out today and I wish to meet up with my date. Oh! Pasha dear wanted to see you and so did Peter you should check on them deary” After that she turns to her  door and goes.Elias quickly turns to Gertrude and tells her he is taking her to get that checked out.“Maybe if you didnt keep getting more monsters around-” He pushes at her a bit harder.“She is not a monster, she is my friend” And it feels right to say it.Elias thought that Helen and Tim were Peter’s friends but… but he is wrong, he likes them too. Helen most definitely is his friend just like… just like Rosie is.He wasn't alone, not like he originally thought.“You have terrible taste then” And he smiles, he does. But its ok, they are all horrible in their own ways and… they get each other.“Yes” She gives him a confused glance and he won't explain himself further, he is happy with the people he chose as his.This time he won't ruin things, this time he will keep everyone happy and safe.
  
  
 When he is alone her door appears and she comes out looking sheepish.“Did it work?” She nods albeit he sees her holding her injured hand, Elias steps closer and tries to see, but she gently bats him away.“Its fine, give me an hour i will fix myself up and we can meet up with fire queen and her lovebird after lunch” “You should have been more careful, she could and would kill you if she has reason to think you are a threat” Helen’s head twists unnaturally making a cracking sound, she looks less human as of now.“I know, but I needed to get my hands on her quite literally. Telling you would have made you look suspicious. She is too keen, but like this she must have fallen for it! Also… I apologize for bringing up Peter to her. But I needed to derail her enough and I figured that was enough of a sore spot” He grimaces, but nods.“You are right and it did work, i also assume you must have gotten some joy from the whole affair” The creature nods and he can see tiny colorful afterimages behind her that makes him squint his eyes.“Helen, you are kind of an eyesore…”“Oh! Apologies, to heal I need to be more myself… I will go, we meet up in the garden, correct?” Nodding he comments distractedly.“Yes at the archway tunnel near the woods, it will be a good location as any i suppose, everyone else is busy in town from what i can see” And those who he can't, he surmises must be within the castle. Meaning Maxwell.Tadeas was with Rosie having a wonderful time, he could see it from her eyes. The rest were likewise in town.…Well, Titania stayed behind but she was with Pasha in her room telling her stories of her friend Mimsy and her son. It was innocent enough that he decided to ignore it.Peter for his part told him he would be busy until the night, he was helping Tim with decorating, plus later he would visit the fairies. Helen lied to Gertrude about them wanting to see him of course, it was just an excuse so that he could have the time to see Helen do the twisting. Elias did briefly entertain the idea of dropping by later, so he could talk with Peter and see the fae, but realized he didn't have the time. Which is a goddamn shame, because he could do with some friendly and familiar faces.“Good, good, I will see you there then, ta-ta!” She closes her door and he is left there with a sigh.  Elias is unlucky that he crosses paths with Maxwell before seeing Agnes, which sours his mood a bit, albeit the man seemed to finally be in his best behaviour, in fact he offered him some tea.“If you don't mind?” And he could take a few minutes to drink a cup of tea, he had enough time, but he also doesn't want to stay alone with him again. With everyone working to prepare the castle there wasn't anyone around to chaperone him.Even if it was Tim’s idea probably, Elias doesn't feel comfortable being alone with Maxwell.“Well you see… there is so much to do and-” The man shakes his head and grabs one of his hands again, albeit this time he wasn't gripping it.It still made him feel uncomfortable.“It's just a drink, i imagine you will be swarmed with work the rest of the day otherwise. Unless you want to owe me a drink during the ball?” That doesn't sound nearly as bad, there would be witnesses at the very least and he can make his escape.“Well-”Before he could say anything, Melanie runs in looking positively murderous. Both Maxwell and himself step back automatically to let her through, albeit she stops in between them and glares. Elias suddenly wishes to have something to defend himself, but he didnt think carrying knives inside the castle was a good idea.He regrets that now.“Miss King, is there anything you… want?” Evan Rayner looks uncomfortable in her presence, with good reason of course. No one messes with the Berserkers.“You are coming with me” She grabs his arm and he gives a panicked look, if this is what kills him he will be so pissed off.“Lady Melanie-” Maxwell tries to talk with her but she sneers at him.“Shut it” She doesn't release his arm and tugs him away easily, leaving Maxwell behind.They keep moving until they reach the throne room, only then she releases him and stares at him.“Is- What did you need me for….?” He keeps his tone as calm as ever, which seems to upset her. Albeit she also looks at him better, gazing at him up and down as if trying to figure something out.“That man is a creep and he is especially so with you. I don't like you much, but even i can tell when someone needs an out” Did-Did she really just pull him away to save him from interacting with Maxwell?Elias' facade of nonchalance must have fallen a bit, because she snorts and Melanie finally seems to soften up.“So it does bother you huh? I kept seeing him being all… handsy with you, but you never did anything. It made my blood boil, but Alfred kept telling me to not cause a mess. Georgie said to let it be too, but I can't handle that kind of stuff. Helen at least asked me to make sure to not let you both alone” Of course.“Ah, I suppose you are the one who invited her to the ball…?” She nods, but punches his arm.“What?!”“Didn't answer my question, it bothers you right?” Diplomacy is key.“Even if it did, I am not saying that it does, I am looking for alliances and pissing him off would go poorly. I can’t outright reject him otherwise it would lead to conflict and I have to do what's best for the kingdom, even if I don't like it” An awful truth, even if he doesn't marry him, Elias has to put up with Maxwell as best as he can.Melanie grumbles and swipes her short blue hair back.“You are a piece of work, but I get it. Ugh, what a mess, just find someone less annoying and get it over with! I keep hearing rumours from the staff about you and some man-” He is going to murder everyone, or in reality have a long talk about gossiping around other kings and queens. “-so yeah, tell the man you are taken and whatever” She is definitely still young, Alfred has some work to do before he can retire.“Melanie, let me tell you this as advice from when you become queen. Sometimes you have to choose what is best for your people over what you want or…. care for, no matter how much you want otherwise” Her face falls a bit and she looks elsewhere.“It's unfair” He sighs at her tone and looks up to the ceiling.“It often is, sometimes people get lucky and can have it all, others… you have to see it slip away” She pulls at her hair a bit and nods. Still he is surprised about her help…“Why interviene? I know Helen told you to, but you don't like me, or at least that's what I was led to believe” The girl paces and crosses her arms.“I don't like you, you are an asshole…. Or i thought you were, but It's been a week and you look more tired than anything, i saw you play with the little girl even when she wasn’t-” She cuts herself off and looks hesitantly at him “Even if she didn't look very human, i think it was the first time i saw you smile like an actual person. And-! And that man that sometimes appears? He also made you laugh and Agnes said that you helped her, even if she wouldn't say how. I still don't like you, but… you're not as horrible as I thought. Seeing you being harassed and not doing anything when I could stop it… i would be a terrible queen if let it happen”Elias is left reeling about a few things, particularly how he wasn’t as sneaky as he thought with seeing Peter or playing with Pasha, something that worried him immensely, because if Melanie saw… who else might have?Besides that her words about seeing him be more human and that basically swayed to his side was something he didn't account for. Elias always strives for perfection and looking as in control as possible, he relishes on that. He refuses to show weakness, but he supposes that by being like that he also puts people off.“I see… thank you Miss King, i mean it… You might still be a good queen when the time comes then” She frowns but when he smiles at her teasingly she relaxes and snorts.“Look at you, definitely not the same person from last year's ball” No, he wasn't.“No, not quite, to be honest this was quite the year for me” “Well… whatever it was, I like it, you still make my skin crawl but… not as much as before, i know you are a bit soft on the inside now huh?” She punches his arm again making him grimace because god does it hurt.“Not  that soft but yes” They say their goodbyes and they go their separate ways. This was enough time for him to make his way to the garden to meet up with the others. He hopes everything comes out alright. The day was warm and sunny, the garden was empty except for the people that needed to be there. Elias checked just in case and yes, only Agnes, Jack and himself were walking around. Everyone else was inside or in town so this was the best moment. Gertrude for her part was still in the infirmary and would remain there for at least an hour more due to doctor Elliot’s insistence.Good.There was a series of metal archways creating a tunnel effect, on top of them vines and flowers hung over it creating a roof of vegetation. It was a beautiful place to walk across during spring due to all the flowers and the fall, the leaves all turned different shades of yellow and orange giving it a nice effect. As of right now the archway was covered with vines with blooming flowers, it was the perfect place to meet up since it was hard to see anyone who stood inside the construction. Agnes was there already standing perfectly still, while Jack kept pacing looking very anxious.“But what if something goes wrong and you get hurt and-” Agnes sighs and carefully touches his arm with her gloved hand.“It wont, trust me?” And he sees the face of the man fall and turn soft.“Always” Elias thrives watching other people unbeknownst to them, but somehow he feels like he is intruding on this. There is something quite… tender about it that makes him uncomfortable.He won't dwell on how much it reminded him of Peter saying he trusted him.“Hello your majesty” Jack turns sharply and stands a bit more straight, while Agnes waves at him.He notices the yellow and orange dress she wears along with her braided hair, it gives her a youthful look. Innocent even, Agnes does not look like a destroyer, she looks like a normal girl.“Your highness?” Her husband sounds unsure and Elias smiles as kindly as possible for him.“Call me Elias please. Now I believe we have something to do, everyone is away and Gertrude is a bit busy so we should do this now” Both nod, albeit Mr Barnabas takes a deep breath and asks.“Are you sure it won't harm her?” His wife sighs and gives him a tired look. Elias won't lie, not for this.“I believe that Agnes will be fine, if anyone could have any side effect it would be you” At that Jack relaxes while Agnes stiffens and looks at Elias coldly.“That’s not what we agreed” Even if he knows that Agnes is older than him despite her looks, Elias recognizes the fact that she spent so long being cut off from others and handled by her court that she is somewhat childish in her views.“I'm not doing anything and we didn't agree to it. It's a risk, the bond was made with Gertrude in mind, Helen will twist it to fit her needs. But there are always risks, you were fine with being in danger despite Mr Barnabas concerns, but when it's his own turn you become irrational. It's understandable truly i get it, but you both have to agree to this or all the effort will be for nothing” She looks upset, Jack goes closer to where she is and after a moment kisses the tips of his gloved fingers and puts them over her cheek.“If this is what you want then i will do it” She hesitates but nods and reciprocates the affection in the same way.Their own way to show love.“Good, good! After all, I didn't get stabbed for you to decide to not use my gift. I would be terribly offended otherwise” Helen appears out of thin air, she looks a bit more human and her hurt hand only has scars in the shape of cracks in her skin.“Are you-” He tries to ask but she shushes him.“I am marvellous, now! I believe we have a main event to attend to correct? Are you both ready? Because once i start i do not intend to stop dearies”Agnes and Jack look at each other for a moment and then at Helen, both nod at the same time.“Good! Elias you are here to bear witness to this, I will be the one doing the actual work for once! If you two could stand in front of each other and give me your hands….” They both offer their hands towards Helen, she winks at them and asks Agnes to take off her gloves.“But-” Helen shakes her head.“Just for a moment if you may, you will not touch anyone, i just need to check everything is in place” He sees the fire queen hesitate, but ultimately she removes both gloves from her hands. Likewise Jack takes off his own and offers them to Helen who nods in appraisal.“Perfect. Now, this will sting a bit, but I swear it's just so I can begin the process” She uses the hand that she stabbed Gertrude with and cuts his palm making him flinch. Agnes frowns but she doesn't object.“Now, the fun part!” Helen wraps her hand over Jack’s, and… She wraps it again and again, and he is sure there is no physical way for her to do what she is doing but somehow it happens. He sees Jack make a distraught face, but Helen tells him that it's fine. “Just a bit more…I need to find…” He is unsure what the fae woman is looking for, but she does seem like she is focusing on something. It must be ten minutes before she finally makes an- “Oh! Got it! Now to the bride” Helen extends her hand-Her other hand? Elias is dizzy, is it the same one or is the injured one, he can't seem to tell, and apparently he is not the only one. Jack looks just as lost, Agnes for her part offers her hand albeit warns that it will burn her.“Don't worry about that!” She makes a slash on her palm as well and wraps her hand over it.Suddenly Elias starts to feel hot, his brow sweats and it feels like he had been standing near a fire for too long.“We pull away the link of the mother of web’s from the Eye back to the Fire. It was meant to bind and tie you down, meant to watch you crash and burn. But this time… it's not a muzzle nor a threat, this one was chosen out of love! How wonderful and splendid. This man will follow you like a moth to a flame, but he will not burn.” Elias sees the flowers on the vines start to dry and soon the petals fall, they all catch on fire turning into small fire lights around Agnes and Jack. Falling slowly and steadily, neither makes a move to avoid the tiny flickers of light surrounding them.“Jack Barnabas, do you agree to hold this bond to the day you die? Will you cherish it and nourish it? Or would you use it to trap her down as well?” Jack looks at Helen and then Agnes. Elias sees him swallow and smile genuinely to his wife.“I do! Agree to it i mean, I will cherish and i will stay for as long as Agnes wants me to. I would rather die than to hurt her” Helen laughs joyfully and turns to the fire queen.The breeze makes the flowers fall faster and somehow he sees that they surround them in a spiral.“And you my dear! You who have been tied against your will, who was promised to be the harbinger of a scorched earth, do you wish to be tied to him? To give him the keys to your freedom? Or would you rather still burn everything to the ground, to finally do what destiny told you?” Elias tenses, that is what he was afraid of. He looks nervously to Agnes but she smiles beatifically to Helen and then to Jack.“I do, I wish to see what earth can offer, not destroy it, but rather enjoy it. For as long as I can and with this man who was the first to see me as a person and not a weapon or a goddess. My friend and companion, I wish for nothing more” Jack face was completely red, either due to the rising heat or due to Agnes words it's unclear. The vines are the next ones to catch on fire and suddenly they were surrounded by walls of fire, but instead of the red orange glow there was a bluish one. The flames almost looked alive, the walls, the ceiling were all covered by fire. Elias was terrified of the fire spreading and burning them down as well, but somehow it seemed to stay still and never grow bigger than what it was. It merely worked as a cover from the outside world.“Then by the power invested on… well me! I finished the seal, may the cord that binds you before be tied now to this man for as long as life lets you. Both of you if you may? Press your palms together now.Both of them try to step back in shock, but Helen tuts at them.“Trust in the last step, cut over cut, c'mon! We don't have all day” She disentagles her hand from both of them and he sees them slowly lift the injured hands towards each other, albeit neother touch yet. Agnes for the first time since he met her looks honestly afraid. Jack however…He smiles at her and carefully puts his palm over hers and tangles up their fingers.The heat becomes unbearable and the fire starts to rise, making him worry that the entire garden will be set on fire.“Hey” When Elias looks back to them he sees both of their shocked faces. Agnes looks at Jack in surprise and answers back timidly.“Hi”They were holding hands, he could see fire enveloping them, but Jack was not burning at all, in fact his skin was perfectly fine.“You may now kiss the bride hurray!” Helen suddenly proclaims and both of them get startled. Jack makes a nervous laugh, but he leans down and hesitates before carefully kissing Agnes forehead.The woman blushes bright red and looks completely amazed at him.“Is- is that ok?” The fire surrounding them starts to slowly disappear, Elias sees scorched marks on the grass, but not as bad as it could have been.“It is… do it again?” Agnes spoke softly and with wonder, it was Jack’s time to turn bright red.“Aww we should leave you two love birds alone now, glad we could help!” Helen stands next to him and puts her arm around his shoulders trying to move him away.“Wait” He sees the fire queen hesitate, but she smiles.“Thank you Elias, i don't know how to repay your kindness, but if you ever need anything, you have my support”“Both of us!” Jack was still holding his wife’s hand and seemed to be just thrilled to be able to do it, if the way he traced her knuckles was anything to go by.“It's… that's a very nice gesture Agnes, I'm sure we can help each other’s kingdom’s in the future” She nods and turns towards her lover who looks at her with a mirrored expression of tenderness.Elias lets Helen drag him away.
  
  
  
She looks enthralled at their joined hands and barely sees the man go, Agnes cannot fully comprehend it, this was beyond her wildest dreams. Agnes only touched Gertrude once, a few years after they were forcibly bonded, it was merely a brush of skin, but for years it was the only touch she could remember from another person. No one could ever hold Agnes, not as a child, as a teen or even as an adult. No one made the effort, even Jude who loved her as one would love a goddess, merely appreciated her presence.Jack… Jack when he knew who she was made an effort, it wasn’t skin to skin, but he used cloth as protection, he held her hand with gloves on, he cuddled her while wearing five blankets to make sure he didn't burn. Neither she or him were interested in certain aspects of touching that most people would be concerned about. That they both shared from the beginning, she was afraid that he would be upset, but he admitted to being ok with it. That he also didn't feel that pull towards it. All they wanted was to be able to hold each other without hurting. All Agnes wanted was to give him a kiss without destroying him.And now…Jack presses his lips to her forehead, to her cheeks, to her hand and nose. And then he is pressing his face close to her.“Hello” He smiles awkwardly at her and it sets warmly on her chest, not like usual, this was personal and not magical.She tries to squeeze his hand experimentally, Jack makes a surprised and pleased noise that makes her heart beat faster. Something so small…“Hi dear” He grins at her and Agnes smiles, soon it turns into laughter for the both of them. It was the first time she could feel another human’s touch on her skin.That brush with Gertrude didn't compare, not really.Jack hesitates, so Agnes does what she had wanted to do from the moment her court tried to take her away from him.She kisses Jack on the lips. It was a press and it was short, she was afraid that whatever magic the spiraling woman did it would fail her, but it… didn't. Jack only looked at her in awe and love. He saw her for what she was and not what she could be. Her husband grins and picks her up a bit, spinning her in place. Agnes was in love. She sees the world in colorful flames, surrounding the people and objects that others covet the most.It's her magic telling her what would hurt to be destroyed. Everyone was afraid of her, because they knew she could destroy it, but… She doesn't want to, not anymore.Agnes sees….Herself in the mirror, covered in Jack’s colors, he loves her the most along with his bakery. The two things that bring him the most joy.She sees the entirety of Opperior covered in Elias colors, some places shine brighter, just like people do. Peter and Pasha are surrounded by green flames so big and bright that it could blind you. She thinks they are beautiful and likewise Elias is surrounded by a rainbow of flames of all the people that care for him.The blue and bluish green were dead giveaways of their owners. A child’s and partners' love.She wishes to know why he wouldn't commit to them, but… she cannot interfere.Not quite.She does take the time to burn the black flames that try to grip him, Maxwell doesn't love him, he covets him like a price. Just like her court does to her, so she helps where she can.Agnes' power is of destruction, but it also lets her see love. All the love around the world, she couldn't appreciate it before. She felt bitter and angry at seeing it and relished destroying it when all she had was a ruined porpoise, but… she realized how nice it was.How it was the only small blessing she had, because it meant that despite all the horrible things in the world there was some beauty in it.The castle shone in green hues, Elias loved the place, loved the people and the kingdom.She hopes that one day she will see her own kingdom full of color like Opperior, so that her people can be happy as well.Jack holds her in a hug and Agnes is warm, not by magic, but by love.It feels so very nice.
  
  
  
Elias feels oddly proud of having helped, Helen split up with him to go and rest before the ball. Saying something about truly spending a lot of energy.So instead he goes to the ballroom and starts to direct the people there while checking the magic words and spells for the night. He intended to make the best possible send off for the night. While working on it he mused about how much has changed, how that prophecy has led to some interesting outcomes. It all started because of it, Annabelle summoned him to talk and due to it he met Peter and then everything went downhill from there.Well… downhill In some parts, more than anything he was grateful Elias had been lucky, lucky that he got to meet the man and Pasha, that he befriended Tim and Helen and even trusted Rosie a bit more than before.That he came to care about all of them despite his own insecurities and hang ups. In a way he should thank Jon if he ever met him, then of course he should get rid of him.…Point is, his life was much harder and better than it was before. Even now, if he hadn't grown these past few months he wouldn't have helped Agnes, wouldn't have made better allies with Simon, his staff wouldn't appreciate him as much!It's kind of overwhelming when he thinks about it, just a small change and everything was different. As he checks on the final touches of the spells for the night he is actually… happy where he is, proud even.Huh.What a weird concept, it's not like he was before. Elias lived, breathed and existed for the throne, for the position. He just worked, he didn't see any joy or beauty, he left those things behind years ago when he lost his friends. But now… now it's kind of different. Even with the looming threat of a marriage over his head he feels a bit better knowing that he has the others. And that he isn't as… hated as he thought he was. That he wasn't alone, not really, Peter made him feel less alone despite his magic.Funny how the world works.He double checks all the final details and when he is satisfied he goes to pick up Pasha.When he reaches the room where he expected to find her only with Titania he sees Joshua as well. The man was showing her some contraption sitting on the floor while Pasha kept asking questions about it, she was in a doll shape and kept trying to climb into the moving thing, laughing about it nonstop.“See? If i push this button here then the toy moves forward and-”“Fasteeeer!!!” Both man and child seemed to be having a blast. Titania for her part was watching it all happen while sitting down and drinking some tea.“Hello?” She nodded at him while Pasha and Joshua mumbled their greetings. Rolling his eyes he approaches the fae queen and watches the other two have fun.“So how did this happen?” Titania grins, he sees fangs.“I was just entertaining the little one when he came by, wanted to show her something cool and ran off to get that. Didn't see a reason to stop it, unlike my open sky i don't dislike the earth kingdom for petty reasons'' That's fair and more reasonable than Simon “Say little king i do have a question”Elias turns towards her.“Yes? What could it be?” Titania's smile is terrifying, Elias feels as if he was walking a rope all of a sudden.“Say, you wouldn't know where she got the idea of her human shape right? I know she looks like you a bit, but… she truly reminds me of someone and I can't put my finger on it” Elias' face remains calm, lying to Titania can have awful consequences.Yet..“No, I have no idea, well I know she got the curly hair from a friend, Helen? Don't know if you have seen her yet, she is a fae. Anyways, she looked like Sasha, but slowly changed her form to not upset Timothy since she stole her memories… a long story really. Anyways she changed her looks as she could, so i have no idea if she took them from someone else you knew” Titania stares him down and he waits, he is not going to admit to anything if he can help it. He will keep Peter safe as much as he can.“Lying will not get you far little king” Elias tilts his head and smiles pleasantly.“I have no idea what you mean, i’m merely protecting her, if you think i will take well to interrogations to my child on a false premise on your behalf then i am afraid we might have some trouble” Titania shakes her head.“I'm not-” He knows cutting her off is not ideal, but he has to make his point across.“I know, but you ask about something I don't know and that Pasha currently has no clue about either, her memories are scrambled enough as it is. If you want to find someone it won't be due to her, she has no knowledge to share and i don't want you to involve her in anything dangerous. I couldn't take it if anything happened to her again” He feels like he is going to fall to the ground, her presence is overpowering. He soldiers on and after a staring contest she relents.Titania crosses her arms and sighs before looking towards the child and king on the other side of the room.“I just want this conflict to end, I want… I just want her to be happy again” He doesn't know who is this “she” that she mentions. The woman closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. “Fine, you win. I assume that if he doesn't want to be found, he won't for better or for worse”Elias hesitates, Titania looked honestly upset, and that was such a rare view that he felt like he wanted to tell her something. But he knew that to make sure that Peter stayed he couldn't. So he just placed a hand over hers.“I'm sorry i can't help, i just want to keep those i care about safe” She nods and smiles a bit more tiredly.“I know, didnt expect you to, you have grown and changed, wonder why? Was it her? Or something else…” Elias turns towards the child and doesnt answer.He doesnt have to.“Nevermind that, you should pick her up i need to start preparing and my Simon needs to come back soon too. Need to prepare our clothes. Now, off you go!” She pushes him a bit and he stumbles at the sudden change in her mood.“Fine, fine! Pasha! We need to be going dear, say bye to Joshua and Titania for now” She complains but gets down from the little moving object… Now that he can see it better, it looks like a tiny car. “Oh! Well, bye princess!” Joshua waves at her and controls the car with a… well he is not sure, but the thing comes back to him and he picks it up.“See you at night your majesty” Joshua shakes his hand and Elias thanks him for entertaining her.“It's not a problem! Seeing her in the doll shape actually made me think of making toys for kids… yes i think i can speak about it when i go back! The girls will love to have moving dolls im sure of it” He really needs to open more business with him for sure.“Well, I'm glad. See you both later then. Pasha lets go” She doesn't shift from her doll shape so he picks her up and lets her sit on his shoulders.“Bye deary!” Titania waves.“Bye gran gran! Bye Joshy!” Joshua waves at her and Elias finally takes them out.
  
  
They eat a bit and then meet up with Sasha for a bit, Pasha insists on it before going to take a nap. “Aww you look so cute like this!” She nods and giggles at the woman booping her nose. Elias asks about her friends.“Oh, Jonny and Gerry will come tomorrow in the end, Martin... “ She sighs. “I don't know! Lately he disappears for long periods of time and it worries me, his curse is getting worse and i just… I’m scared for him. He won't even tell me what's wrong. He and Micheal just go around and disappear” She seemed very upset and Elias would love to help, but in all honesty he doesn't know Martin enough to offer advice, he sees him very little and he keeps to himself.“His curse…?” She deflates.“He says there is no cure, it's a byproduct of the place he used to live in, he can't break it. It’s why he looks like that. All ghost-like, when we met him he actually was solid! He slowly started to become more and more see through as the months went by” That is fascinating and worrisome.“Foggy, foggy he smells all foggy” Pasha mumbles in a sing-song tone while rolling around. Elias cannot read him, just like he couldnt with Tadeas, Peter, and seemingly Peter’s siblings.
   Fog magic. 
....Something bothers him, but he can't quite place what it is. Or more like- Elias is happy and knowing… wouldn't do him any good. So he puts it behind him for a moment and offers his help in anything he can to the woman. Sasha accepts it and says that telling someone already makes her feel better. “I told Tim so he tried to befriend Martin, that's a…. work in progress, it's not that Martin doesn't want to be friends, but Tim can be a bit too much when he tries to become  your friend. Especially if you try to run away from him” Elias snorts.“Oh yes, he did that with Peter at first and-” They talk and swap stories about Tim, Pasha listens happily and starts to fall asleep so he picks her up and tells Sasha he will see her later.“Yes, yes your majesty good luck tonight!” He hesitates but says she could come too.“Oh I know, Tim invited me as his plus one, I already got a mask and managed to scrounge up an outfit, so see you later!” He should have some words with the man, but ultimately he decides not to, Sasha James is not dangerous.
  
  
Pasha sleeps with Duchess curled up around her. Elias writes to pass the time. He is slowly making a journal about everything since he met Peter. It’s what he promised Pasha.He will teach her how to read obviously, but having a book will let her never forget again what happened. If he decides to make it something akin to a fairy tail then well, it's just because she loves stories so much. Not because he is fond of them in the slightest, or because painting his life as a fairy tail sounds enticing at all.No, not one bit.He briefly thinks about Jonah being a story, a cautionary tail. It makes him feel bitter thinking thats what everyone got out of it, that’s what Robert thought of him-Elias grabs his head, a sudden spike of pain.No, he isn't Jonah, but the truth of it still haunts him to this day.He sighs, regardless, he thinks this is a far better way to be remembered, or at least, for the little changeling girl to remember him by.Before he can consider taking a short nap he hears a knock on his door, he goes to check and sees Peter smiling awkwardly at him.“So… hear me out” He takes a deep breath and lets him in.Peter tries to convince him to go to town for an hour with him and Pasha.“Why?” Peter says its a surprise, that never bodes well.“I was thinking of resting before changing…” His friend promises that it won't take long, it will be just an hour and Elias will have enough time to sleep and change. He wants to be firm with him, but at the end of the day, he is also just a man, and the prospect of spending time together this day makes him feel oddly happy.“Fine! But you are going to carry Pasha” She has no issue turning into her goopy shape and sleeping in Peter’s vest pocket.The man holds his hand all the way to the town and its hard to pull away from him, to even want to. No one gives them a second glance, a blessing from Peter’s power at the very least. What Elias doesn't expect to see, due to his focus on the man next to him and his wandering thoughts, was the decorated town. Colors everywhere, flags from the different kingdoms hanging around, and above all-Banners with the Opperior symbol were strewn around along with people speaking praise of him.“What-” Peter points to the different shops and tells him to listen.Around the people talk about how happy they are and how glad they are for him, that the entire place has become better since he became king. Elias had no idea what to say.“Why?” Peter shrugs.“Well, you are doing a really good job. I just saw and heard all of this and figured you would like to see it” He does! Elias assumed… he assumed that only those at the castle cared about him. That to the people in town he was just some royal figure, he didn't think any of them cared so much about him.His throat closed up and he was a bit worried he might tear up, but thankfully he managed to avoid it. Peter rubbed his thumb over his hand and asked if he wanted to buy something from Miriam’s place before going back.He nods and thanks him for the surprise. On their way there they cross paths with Rosie and Tadeas who were at the bakery. Elias didn't expect them to see them, masked as they were by Peter’s magic. Rosie especially since his powers seemed to truly diconcern her.Yet once they ask for a slice of cake, he sees Rosie look confused around, Tadeas turns towards them and locks eyes with Peter, while the woman seems to struggle for a bit until finally she looks at Elias.He stiffens, how did she-?
  … Too close, she pays attention and seeks knowledge… magic a spark of it. Could nourish it to be honest.
So she is being favored by his patron then? That is certainly a development. The couple seems to mull it over and then they get up to greet them.Elias starts to try and begin a conversation when he feels Peter slid his hand away from him. For a second he feels people looking, shit-! He can’t have Tadeas see him hold his hand, but also if he releases him everyone will notice his presence. 
   Hold him or let go? 
He has no time to make the choice himself, for Peter finally pulls away from him on his own and whereas he felt like they were in a muffled bubble before, that seems to burst. All around him he hears the sound of people moving and talking louder than before. Miriam herself makes a strangled noise that catches others' attention.The people around all stare at him completely bewildered.Rosie seems to realize it and she moves quickly to stand by him and ask about what he thinks of the festivities.“Of course you came to check it out, your majesty! How could you not?” She quickly interlaces her arm with his and chatters away. Some people stare awestruck and others are mostly surprised to see him, a quick glance over their heads tell him they want to talk with him, but he is in no mood for that now. So he laughs and makes quick talk with the woman who leads him away, leaving the two lonely men to pay.In the street it is worse. It's like they were beacons, people seemed to naturally glance over to them. Now, Elias likes to be the center of attention, but that is under his own terms. He knows the townsfolk like him, but they are all coming closer to thank him and ask for things and it's a too much.There is a reason why his appearances are limited, his magic makes him stand out. And Rosie apparently developing some of her own seems to amplify it.
   Shit. 
He talks and thanks everyone around, but more people come closer and it's becoming too crowded for his own tastes. Rosie clings to him and he can feel her discomfort. Before they can be swarmed up, a low rolling fog seems to suddenly appear and dull the people around, enough that they start to disperse and look confused around them. Peter and Tadeas walk out at the same time and approach them to check on them.“Lady Rosie, are you ok?” Tadeas holds her hand softly and oh he has so many questions for her later.“Elias?! I thought- I didn't realize that would happen-” Peter quickly stands next to him and looks at him carefully. The fog was still moving around making everyone go away. “No, no. It's ok, you did what you.... had to. I would have asked you the same, I forgot that was a side effect” He tries to reassure him with a smile, that seems to set him at ease.Elias would have tried to pull him aside, but he heard a discreet cought that got him back into the situation at hand.“Ah Rosie, Tadeas, I apologize for interrupting your… outing, truly it was not our intention” Rosie gives him a not so discreet look of  no shit . While the Mooreland representative just shrugged.“It’s ok your majesty, no harm done, albeit perhaps we should split up for the moment, i think you two shine a bit too bright” While he says that he looks at the woman and she flushes the same color as her hair.Oh he has so many bloody questions for her. If she can make bets about him and Peter, Elias can tease her mercilessly about this.“Yes, we probably should! I don't want to call too much attention here…” His friend looks to the crowd and Elias remembers his siblings in the church tower. They really should be going.“Yes, yes you are right Peter. I will see you two later then. Also Rosie? I was going to ask you to help with overseeing the ball, but I think Oliver can cover that up for you. That way you may enjoy yourself if you wish to” Her face becomes even impossibly more red and she looks like she wants to yell at him. Tadeas looks between all of them for a bit until he catches Peter, out of all people, giving him a look. Mr Dahl starts to cough and look elsewhere. Peter’s smile suddenly falls a bit and even Rosie turns to Tadeas a bit worriedly.“Are you ok?” He seems to struggle a bit but he nods.“Yes, yes, I apologize, we will- we will see you later. Rosie, you mentioned a bookshop…?” Peter tugs at his arm and they both go. He seemed a bit paler than usual.Something seems to bother Elias at the back of his brain, something important, but as Peter goes back to holding his hand it kind of fades away a bit.He doesn't see Rosie and Tadeas watching them go. 
  
  
She quickly tries to make Tadeas not pay attention to the hand holding, if Elias needs this political marriage she will get it no matter what. She doesn't want to have the likes of Maxwell Rayner near the man. “I assure you the king truly wants an alliance with Mooreland, Mr Lukas magic is just convenient and-” Tadeas shakes his head and turns towards her with a cryptic smile that shouldn't look so handsome on his face. She is still worried about the sudden coughing fit, but she is also stressed out enough as it is about everything else going well.“I know, and I promise you that if everything goes well he will have it Rosie” The way he says her name has her cheeks heated up, softly and reverently. She quickly looks elsewhere and tells him about where to go next. After a beat she manages to muster up the courage to ask.“Did you mean it sir?” He seems puzzled about what she means so Rosie clarifies.“About me shining a bit too much?” Tadeas, who she has taken for a very straightforward and gentle man, seems to be at a loss for what to say, she feels a bit disappointed and tries to change the subject, but he does finally speak up.“I do, you are quite the eye-catching woman. Never met someone quite like you back home” She laughs nervously and plays with her bracelet. Usually she flirts with a lot of people when helping Elias with other kingdoms but… this time she feels a bit out of her depth.When the man offers his arm to her she realizes that maybe she doesn't want to bother Elias so much about her relationship with Peter. Not when she found her own lonely man to keep her company.
  
  
Elias goes back to his room, Peter takes Pasha with him, he tells him her dress for the night is in her room so to pick it up as they go and help her put it on later. The man agrees and soon says goodbye.“Will see you later then” Nodding Elias thinks about the surprise and decides to give him a present, he stands on his tiptoes and kisses Peter’s cheek.“Thank you for taking me to town Peter, it was very kind of you” His face was a bit gobsmacked so he stood back and closed the door laughing a bit at him. He hears him grumble on the other side and walk away.  Duchess rolls around the bed and stares at him in what he thinks might be amusement.“Oh hush you, i know what i’m doing”He hopes.
  
  
  
Elias takes a nap to rest for a bit, finally when he wakes up he feels rested enough and ready to prepare for the ball, he goes to take a nice warm bath first of course. Elias soaks in the water for a bit after cleaning up, relaxing his muscles and enjoying the floral smell of the water.A last moment of peace before everything starts.Once done with that he dries up and starts to dress up. This outfit had taken time and care to be prepared. It was tailored to his exact measurements and wishes.Now usually he should have gone with the owl theme of Opperior, but it was just too…. predictable! So Elias decided to choose another sort of bird that he felt was also perfectly fitting with its color scheme and motif.Peacocks were symbolic of royalty and he intended to show that off, Elias wanted to show off and if he went with the typical owl theme of his land it would fall flat. That's why he told the guards to dress as such, that way he would be more unique when he finally made his appearance.Checking himself in the mirror he puts on a white shirt, then he puts his cream colored fall front trousers, on his neck he puts his golden cravat with the blue gem that matches his waistcoat and on top of that his green double breasted tailcoat. Now the tailcoat was the fun part, the collar and cuffs were blue with golden details, but in the case of the collar this had a golden trim with an eye motif. His boots were also a dark blue color and had a tiny golden eye at the top to match the outfit.Finally the seamstress who he requested the outfit from had done wonders at his back. There you could see a gold cord trim where you could attach his peacock feather cape. It completely simulated the tail of the real animal and it was long enough to reach the ground.If Elias wanted to, he could lift both arms and the cape would “open up” like the tail of the real animal showing off the hundreds of eyes hidden on it. As a final touch he puts some blue and gold makeup on his eyes. Sure he will be using his mask, but if he takes it off he wants to look astounding in every way. Elias' blonde hair is pulled back and with that he picks up his mask which was the final touch. It covered his eyes, half of it was the same blue as the rest of his clothes along with golden and green details while the other half matched the feathers of the bird. With his outfit finally completed and after checking himself up like 5 times in the mirror to make sure everything was in place, he finally puts on his gloves and goes to the ballroom. After all, the party would be starting soon enough.
  
  
Elias waits upstairs, the kings and queens will descend from the stairs and be presented to everyone. He should be the last one, but… he is curious about everyone's outfits so he takes a small peak from different paintings across the hallways.He finds Melanie and Georgie first, Ms King outfit resembling that of a ballerina, the skirt was black with red gems, however on the upper part she wore a red military jacket with black and golden details, in her neck she had a necklace of rubies that gave the optical illusion of a slashed bleeding throat. Her hair that usually was some electric blue was now black, with only the short ends in blue. She also wore white leggings and black thigh high boots. Her mask covered her eyes and resembled a black cat with golden details.Georgina for her part, wore a black long gown with a sleeve covering her skeletal arm and on top of that a small cape. At first he couldn't discern the patterns on it, but when she turned around he realized it looked like moth wings. It matched the mask she had in her hands perfectly. He goes around trying to find the other’s to take another look, but seemingly they are all in blind spots as of now.At least until he sees Alfred wearing… well something for sure. He was donning a red long cape, under it he could barely see a fitted jacket. But from what he could glance it seemed like it had a skeleton motif, he could see sewed details that represented a ribcage. It had silver linings and small details of dead flowers. His pants were a deep dark red, and in his face he wore a full skeleton mask accompanied by a red hat.He was talking with Neil while going to meet up with Melanie. The other man for his part gave Elias goosebumps.He was wearing what appeared to be a pinstripe white and black suit, he colored his hair some ghoulish green and wore out of everything a spider themed mask that had him shiver. His tail coat inner lining was black at first glance, but after a second he could see the spider webbing design on it. In fact if he actually looked at the whole ensemble he could see that in between the white and black stripes there were thin lines connecting them, almost imperceptible, but they all reminded him of webs. His cufflinks were black widows.Elias turns elsewhere quickly.On a logical note, he knows that Hilltop is spider themed, way before Annebelle brought the mother with her. He knows the man is respecting that, even trying to take it back from the awful connotations from before. It does however not make him feel any less upset at seeing it after his little trip there and the subsequent murder attempt via giant spider.With a shiver he looks elsewhere, maybe he can see Peter, he is very curious about what he is going to wear, specially because he is concerned about Simon seeing him. The man assured him that wouldn't be a problem so he tried to believe in him.Unfortunately as it always is with him, his magic makes Elias unable to track him. Which is infuriating but what can he do? At most he sees Tim donning the owl themed clothes and mask and Gertrude wearing her own version of it, albeit he swears it looks like the ends are singed somehow.Finally the moment arrives and he waits for the others to slowly go down as the room fills in with the court and all the kings and queens guests. He waits and takes a deep breath when it's finally his turn to walk down the stairs and meet up with everyone. When his name is called he makes sure his mask is in place and walks down with a smile watching everyone look at him, with different looks of awe.He briefly skims over the room and sees all his guests, albeit he can't quite locate Peter, Pasha or Helen. Tim, he sees at the back looking at him with his mouth open while Sasha hits his arm. He has to avoid snorting at the sigh. Would be unbecoming of him.Once at the bottom of the stairs he announces that the festivity might begin now and that everyone should enjoy, to that he hears a group cheer and the place bursts with sound and music from the band. The giant curtains near the entrance flutter open on their own and everyone else that was missing enters the ballroom. The ceiling was enchanted to show the night sky as it was outside, he figured Simon would love that, near the dancefloor there was fog to give a bit of a dramatic effect. Small fire lights floated around illuminating the place and seemingly giving the illusion of fireflies.Enchanted bubbles floated up holding up crystals, who when reflected by the moving lights created different spots of color all across the room. The fake moon in the ceiling was as of now white, but as the night progressed it would be turning red. Elias calculated this to happen around midnight, he even chose the day of the ball to match the natural phenomena of the red moon. The balcony doors were all wide open and you could see the garden outside also decorated to match the party inside.Decorations were in the colors of Opperior but he made sure to add banners with the respective kingdoms to show respect too. Tables with food were set to the sides and waitresses came around offering drinks as well. The dance floor was clear for anyone to use and the band, that he instructed very firmly to not let Alfred help them, was all set in the back with spells to transfer the sound around all the room so everyone could hear them.The last surprise will come at midnight of course. Besides the moon he had planned a last surprise, Elias looks to the enchanted ceiling and manages to barely see the nets hanging above the fake clouds. He bites his lip and hopes they all enjoy it when the time comes.With that in mind he starts to make rounds to go and talk with his guests while also checking out what they came up with their outfits. He spins a bit and the peacock tail flutters showing off, he hears a familiar cackle and he sighs with a smile.Simon approaches him with a huge grin on his face along with Titania who was already holding a glass of wine in her hand. They wore complimenting outfits, his friend wore a tailcoat that represented a clear sky, clouds included, the tail end of it had wing themed golden lining. He swears he feels as if the clouds were moving a bit. He also wore a pair of darker colored light blue trousers, wing themed golden greaves, golden pauldrons on his shoulders, a white shirt and leather gauntlets. And to top it all a light blue brooch and a top hat with goggles. His mask was thin and barely covered his eyes; it resembled a hummingbird feathers. His partner on the other hand went with a stormy sky look. A dark blue bodice with tulle on top, blue pants covered by an over skirt that simulated a storm, it even had lines that looked like lightning strikes all over it. She also wore white thigh high boots making her look even taller than she was. Elias had to crane his neck to see her grinning face.She also wore the wing themed pauldron on her shoulder, but instead of gold like Simon hers were silver, along with arm straps that held her detached tulle sleeves. Her brooch was a darker blue unlike Simons. Her mask was that of a dragon, albeit she pulled it over her head to stare at him better.Their theme and color scheme perfectly matched the other, creating a perfect balance between them. It was quite admirable to be honest.“Oh look at you! You fancy man, so eye-catching too, went a bit on the nose, but hey! What can I say? So did we, is that right my stormy night?” Titania nods and holds Elias' jaw with her hand, her nails were sharper and longer than a human had any right to be. She was unapologetically herself. No one would dare to cross her at all.“You look very handsome dear, trying to impress someone?” Her eyebrows wiggle and he has to gently pull back a bit.“I just wanted to look good for myself” Simon nods and hits his back slightly.“That's great, and you did! You look astounding old friend. Why, maybe you can get yourself a gentleman to pay you attention today…” He thinks briefly of Peter but he shoves that away, not the time or place. Smiling a bit more wanly he shrugs.“Perhaps, but if not, then at least i get to have some fun and attention for myself today” Both nod. Simon eggs him to show him the feathered tail in its full ensemble, so with a fond sigh he lifts the cape with his arms and shows him how it looks. Both are awed by it and ask questions regarding the outfit, it's pleasant and he spends a good 20 minutes with them, before he says he needs to keep moving to talk to the others.They wave at him and ask for a dance later. “Only if neither of you make me dizzy i really don't need that today” Its kind of funny to see the two of them pout at the same time at his scolding.“Fine dear, be like that” Titania finishes her drink, clicks her fingers and has a waitress offer her a new one. “Also, the decoration is beautiful” She looks up at the ceiling just like Simon. Both seemed rather charmed by it.“I figured it would be a nice present for you, since we are now better allies…” His friend laughs and nods.“Oh you are a charmer aren't you?” Elias was about to answer when Titani interrupted him.“You should move faster dear. I see a little shadow coming this way” Elias sees Maxwell moving in the crowd and he quickly turns elsewhere, not before telling them they would speak later.In his haste he bumps into Joshua who grabs his waist to steady him and apologizes.“No, no I was the one who bumped into you. Apologies….” He finally catches note of his outfit.Once again he is struck with the fact that Joshua looks like just any regular guy. Which is not bad, it's not like he wasn't handsome, but even his clothes aren’t flashy like most of the people around. So he kind of sticks out by sheer contrast.“Pardon my asking but… what is the name of the outfit you are wearing?” He has to ask, because he is not really used to seeing anything like it in his kingdom. At most it reminds him a bit of Maxwell’s outfits. But then again not quite. He doesn't look as pretentious.“Oh! It's called a tuxedo? It's what the upper class wear back home, figured i should wear something familiar” His shirt was plated and he wore a wing tip collar accompanied by a black bowtie, Elias also spotted a white waistcoat and a handkerchief on his black coat's front pocket. Like Simon he wore a top hat albeit with no goggles. Joshua also had a cane with an ivory handle, most likely for showing off rather than practical use, the man had no health issue to warrant it. A pair of black slacks and shoes-“These are called Oxfords! I'm not sure why to be honest but-” The man explained a few things from his outfit while he paid half of his attention, as he was trying to avoid his  shadow , knowing that he would request a dance and a drink. Elias was not in the mood right now, maybe in a few hours when he downed a few more drinks out of his own volition.They talk about a few more things but eventually the man cuts things short and says he will meet up with Neil for a bit.“Wanted to talk about some science projects. But maybe later we can dance for a bit?” Elias nods, he definitely doesn't mind dancing with Joshua. The man grins and goes on his way.He sighs and goes to grab something to eat from the table, along with a drink. He will need it, he was about to turn back to go and talk a bit more when something small clings to his leg. Surprised he almost stumbles but manages to hold still. A small head peaks from under his feathered cape. “It me!” And he feels much better at seeing her there.“It is you indeed hello Pasha dear” She giggles and steps out from under the cover of his clothes. “Lie looks so pretty and cool!!! Pasha likes it!” Smiling softly and genuinely he compliments her as well.“You look very beautiful too” She makes a few pleased noises and he lets out an i love you in their shared language that has her jump up and down.He hears the sound of bells everytime she does.Pasha wore a greenish-blue dress, on top of it she wore another layer in a darker greener color that had cuts on the sides making four ends. In each one there was a tiny pom pom, but inside it there was a bell. Her shoes were the same color and also had pom poms, her socks were pink and stripped and she also had puffy white sleeves. Her hair was in a bun and in her neck she wore the necklace that Peter gifted her. Completing her look she also had a pair of fake pink wings and Elias could see her tail. He asked for the dress to have free access to it so she would be more comfortable.Her sea serpent mask was over her head.“Pasha looks like a princess?” And she sounded very shy all of a sudden. He leans down a bit, and caresses her cheek.“Yes dear, you look exactly like a princess” Her eyes light up and she hugs him. If he was like before he would push her away, they were in public and in one of the most important moments of his career. But as it is…He hugs her back and kisses her forehead.“Now, where is your daddy? I know he helped you dress up” She nods.“He went to see aunty Helen, she was having trouble tying a knot on her dress, Timmy and Sasha are watching me! Look” She points to the side and he sees the two mentioned people looking at them with amused looks. Tim makes finger guns at him while Sasha snorts.She wore a white dress with crystals attached to it, even had a small halo of them. The light reflected on them creating a rainbow effect on the clothes. It was quite clever, because depending where the light hit it gave a different look to it. She also wore a white rabbit mask, which looked quite nice on her to be honest.Elias picks up Pasha in his arms and goes to talk to them briefly. Tim confirms what Pasha said about Peter.“I saw him, he was at the back with Pasha when you came down, but I saw Helen talk with him and Peter came over to tell me to look after this little one until he came back” Tim boops her nose making her grab his finger and squeeze.Cute.“Oh well, i suppose i will see him later then, don’t think he can take that long just helping her dress up right?” Tim and Sasha shrug.Without much else to say he takes Pasha with him to look around, she holds his hand and they end up meeting up with Georgina and Melanie. Both start to compliment the girl who turns very shy and hides behind his leg. “She is adorable” Miss Barker smiled at her and then at him. “Didn't know you had a daughter” He hesitates, deciding to tell her a half truth.“Pasha is under my charge, but she has a father. Albeit I think he is busy helping Helen somewhere…”“Aunty Helen!” Melanie kneels down a bit to look at her better.“You know Helen? She is my friend too, she is very cool right?” The changeling girl hesitates but nods at her.“She is funny and nice and Pasha loves her lots” Both women look at her softly. “Im glad kiddo” Melanie stands up again and the three of them have some small talk. The little girl plays with his cape entertaining herself for a bit until he hears her gasp.“Rosie!” He feels as she slips away from under him and he is not fast enough to stop her, so he apologizes to the amused couple and goes to chase her off. In his way he sees Oliver wearing a raven inspired outfit along with a mask. It looked quite imposing to be honest. Still he has a little girl to find.Unfortunately his luck runs dry and he finds himself face to face with Maxwell who grins at him in such a way that he feels goosebumps in his arms. His mind conjures up the phrase  evil magician  at seeing him up close. For some reason the voice in the back of his brain sounds a bit too much like Peter.He was right in the way that Joshua’s outfit reminded him of Rayner’s, but in a less pretentious way. Maxwell's outfit was mostly black, the only light on it was from his shirt, it was a very light and opaque gray. Even so the coat color, or more like lack of it, seemed to drain the surrounding ones, like a black hole. Maxwell wore an inverness coat, the inside lining was exactly the same shade of grey as his waistcoat. His pants were an even darker one, or more like it was closer to black than anything else. He also had a black cane, however unlike Joshua it felt mildly threatening. The shadow of his tophat partially covered his face and gave him a somewhat menacing look.Elias saw the silver closed eye clasp holding his coat in the front, it made his head hurt to stare at it for some reason. The ribbon bowtie on his neck was like his coat a deep black color, but it also had silver lining on it. In fact most of the details of his outfit were in silver, which contrasted to the dark on it. Maxwell puts his gloved hand up to stop him from moving, so Elias stays still mentally trying to find Pasha among the crowd of moving people. If she went to Rosie…“In a hurry?” Smiling stiffly he nods.“My charge took a bit of a running leap, I should find her” Maxwell snorted.“Im sure she will be fine, she is surrounded by adults, unless of course she wants to start mischief, wouldn't put it past her” Giving him a frosty glare he goes back to look around to try and see her when he hears him sigh.“I just wanted to tell you that you look positively gorgeous tonight. I couldn't stop looking at you when you finally came out” There is something in his tone that doesn’t sit right with him, even if the compliment sounded genuine.“I- thank you, that's very kind of you” Maxwell nods slowly and asks if he would like to take that drink now.“Maybe in a bit i really need to find-” He grabs his wrist making him stiffen.“Just a drink and I will let you find your little… bundle of joy” The distaste is noted. A drink and he can go look for Pasha…“Fine, fine!” His grin is positively wicked, Maxwell takes him to a table where he turns around to grab the cups. Elias tries to see Rosie’s auburn hair in the crowd but is no use. Where is she now-“Here” Maxwell offers a cup of wine and he takes it. “A toast for a future alliance?” Elias doesn't comment on that, but nods.“To peace” Maxwell grin becomes bigger.“And new beginnings?” Odd to say, but fine.“Sure” They clink their cups together and Elias takes a sip of his drink. Huh, it tastes a bit like raspberries, It actually makes the flavour better for some reason. He looks at his drink not noticing the pleased look the other man gave him. Maxwell stands a bit closer and Elias puts the cup in between them.“What are you doing?” “You have some wine in the corner of your mouth dear” Elias quickly takes a handkerchief from his pocket and cleans it before the man gets any ideas.“Thank you for letting me know, you should perhaps step back a little bit?” The taller man does so, letting him breathe a sigh of relief.“Say I did mention to you how Annabelle gave me advice and it didn't work right?” He has a brief memory of it, yes.“And..?” “Well, I think I know now what she meant. I just misunderstood at the time. You see, I asked her how to make my kingdom stronger and better! Manuela has a lot of ideas, but… I don't think they are enough” He really doesn't care! But leaving now would look bad, so he nods non committedly.“So Annabelle said something interesting, even mentioned a-” Before he could finish a pale figure walked closer to them. Agnes stared at Maxwell with her impassive look. Then she turned towards Elias.“Your highness you look well” A bit blindsided he nods.“And you look beautiful Agnes” She does. Instead of a mask like everyone else she wore makeup covering her eyes, a mix between orange and black. It made him think of magma, it looked like it cracked in some places and spilled the molten lava. It was quite beautiful. Not only that but her dress was quite different to her usual clothes, a bit more modern. It seemed at first glance like it was all black, but as she moved it revealed that at the bottom it opened up and fabric the color of a flame popped out. So instead it was like the flame grew from her feet until it left a black charred top. On her waist there was a  gold sun medallion belt. The dress was tied to her back and she also wore long black gloves with golden details. Attached to those there was some sort of tulle? He wasn't sure if it was that, but it simulated a flame like cape, begging with red and oranges until it became a light blue fire on top.Her hair was loose, but had braids all over it. And she also…Huh, she had a tiny flower clip? And sun earrings.“Do you mind if I steal him for a moment?” She speaks to Maxwell but looks at him. The other man seems hesitant, but he is not stupid enough to say no to the fire queen, not when she can cast light into his eternal night, ruining his powers.“Of course, Elias, will you save me a dance later?” Nodding stiffly he puts his cup down and goes towards Agnes who nods at him and they go.“Thank you” He starts with that because well, what else was he supposed to say?“You are welcome” She takes him to the other side of the ballroom where he sees Jack talking with Oliver out of all people. The man also wore a matching outfit to his wife. Again Elias was surprised about how different it was to their usual clothes.Jack wore riding boots with a pair of black trousers, his shirt was white but instead of wearing any coat he only had a deep dark red vest with black lapels. On his neck there was a ribbon that matched the fabric tied to his wait with the sun medallion. It had the same color scheme as his cloak and as Agnes' sort of cape. Meaning the colors of a fire expanding. Jack did wear a mask unlike his wife, it was a half sun. “Huh” She turns towards him.“Yes?” Shaking his head he merely says that he didn't expect them to wear something quite like that. Agnes stays quiet and tells him softly that it wasn't her original outfit.“We had something more akin to what we wear at home. But… I wanted to try something new and asked for this second outfit without telling my court. I wasn't sure if I was going to use it, but after today…. After today I wanted to start something new” It's not unpleasant, only different.“I believe you both look great, and i'm glad you got to wear what you wanted” She smiles kindly at him. “We did decide to keep the medallions and Jack wanted to use the cloak, said he liked it” Elias is very partial to wearing cloaks, it's just that they are inconvenient most of the time.“They are very nice, so I wouldn't blame him. Listen I need to find Pasha, she ran off, did you see her-” Agnes looks around the room for a few seconds.“There” She points to a rather empty corner of the party.“Are you sure-”“Very sure, go pick her up” Elias thanks her profusely and asks if she would like to dance later. She hesitates but nods.“But first with Jack” “I wouldn't expect anything else, I owe a little girl her first dance as well” That makes her smile at him.“Good, it matters, that kind of thing” She looks a bit pensive, but she waves him away and he goes.
  
  
He finds her with Rosie and Tadeas. Elias gets distracted by finding the girl and seeing what they were both wearing. Rosie had a forget me not brooch while Tadeas had a rose on his lapel. This definitely gave an indication towards both of their feelings for each other.The thing is, more often than not couples would wear matching things. Colors, brooches, rings- Anything of the sort that would indicate you were part of a pair, anything that is symbolic enough of the other. For example Simon and Titania brooches and general aesthetic, Agnes and Jack sun medallion-Loath as he is to admit it, Maxwell silver matched Elias gold. Sometimes, even opposite objects showed the intention of being a pair too. Open eyes vs closed ones. Understandably it made him feel rather upset to match anything at all to the man.Rosie’s dress was a dark purple, unlike the usual more bright kind she wore. Her puffy skirt had black eyes embroiled into it. Her neckline showed off the necklace with the flower brooch. The light blue was quite nice against her red hair and pale skin. Forget me not, were Mooreland’s regional flowers.Tadeas, who was in fact picking up Pasha, wore a rather dark outfit. Gray trousers, black riding boots, a dark gray silk waistcoat with flower patterns, a dark tail coat with gray details and in the front pocket a single red rose. His hair was tied back neatly.Her mask resembled a butterfly and Tadeas a bear. “Lie!” Pasha stretches her arms towards him and he picks her up. She hugs him close and burrows her face on his neck. Suddenly she pulls back and looks at him curiously.“Eye smells like fruit?” “It's probably the wine, don't worry” She looks at him oddly, but he ignores it. Rosie says she found her and was waiting for him to pick her up once he wasn't busy.“Thank you, she ran too fast and I got intercepted. I hope she didn't interrupt anything…?” Rosie flushes indiganated, while Tadeas smiles pleasantly at him. “Not at all, she was just happy to see us. The little princess” Mr Dahl boops her nose and she sticks her tongue out like Captain when Peter does the same thing to the cat. Elias has to cover up his smile.“Yes, Rosie Posie was nice and- and so is Taddy! I asked if they saw daddy, but they said nuh uh” Both nod at the comment. Rosie nervously plays with the rings on her fingers giving Elias side looks.“I haven't seen Mr Foster at all sir. If i do i will let you know” Tadeas for his part mumbles something too low for him to hear, but he amends a bit louder.“He probably is hiding away, there are a lot of people and from what little i could see of him, he doesn't look like he enjoys crowds” That is very true, Elias doubts that helping Helen would take this long. A bit disappointed at the lack of his sailor he sighs and makes more small talk until eventually it is time to begin the ball. With a nod he moves towards the dance floor and guides Pasha telling her that they will have the first dance.“Really?!” Nodding fondly at her he leads her to the center of the room.“Yes, usually I would say Peter should dance with you first because he is your dad, but since I promised this time we will switch” She looks up at him nervously.“Pasha doesn't remember that” Elias carefully caresses her cheek and traces a finger over the scar there.“I know, but I do, and I intend to keep that ok? Now stand on my feet and let me move you around to the music” Even if she doesn't remember Elias knows he wants to give her this, wants to fulfill her wish. He misses her as she was before, but it doesn't take away how much he cares about her now.The little creature nods and her tail swishes around, people all across the room start to move towards where he is and grab their partners. Those in his court all seem to give him knowing looks which he returns with a half hidden scowl. Snitches.Those who don't and came because of the other guests are a bit more baffled about him and Pasha, but seem to roll with it. The musicians are waiting for his signal, so once most of the people are in position he nods to them and they start playing. Pasha smiles nervously at him. Elias holds her hands carefully and starts to spin them at the rhythm of the music. She hesitates but soon enough at seeing everyone around move and him complimenting her she relaxes and starts to chatter and hold his hands tighter.The music picks up and becomes a bit faster, between the spins his coat tail moves and swishes all around making the effect of moving eyes. In his periphery he can see Agnes, her dress does the same and it looks like there is fire at the bottom of her feet the more she spins.Elias grins, it's actually fun dancing with Pasha. Everyone seems to be having fun which is good, he would hate for all his efforts to go to waste. The enchanted lights start to move around in the air like a river of light illuminating the room and moving to the music. By the end of the first dance everyone seemed to be in high spirits. He picks Pasha up and she hugs him tightly.“So? What did you think?” She holds his face and smiles brightly, showing off her sharp teeth.“I love it dad, thank you” Elias is grateful that he has a good grip, he would hate to drop her. Hearing her call him that does something to him alright.“Oh princess…”“Pasha loves you, you are my dad, love, love. Pasha had fun and she wants to dance with daddy too” Kissing her cheek she asks if she would like to dance with Tim in the meantime. She nods and he takes her with him.“Aye boss! You both looked absolutely great, like a perfect father daughter moment right there!” He hits him slightly in the shoulder and tells him to stop joking. Looking around he doesn't see Sasha.“And Miss James?” Tim pokes Pasha and turns to him.“She thinks she saw Martin and went to check, Sash left like 2 minutes ago, she will be back soon won't she? And then we can dance all three of us. What do you think kiddo?” Pasha yells excitedly yes and waves at Elias telling him to find daddy.“I will try a doll, I will try!” Elias leaves them, he does try to locate Peter among the dancing couples, but as much as he tries he cannot seem to find him. It really starts to frustrate him, not only that but on his way to that he finds Joshua and as promised he lets him have a dance with him. They talk and it's fun, but the man leans into what he knows of technology and it's not as entertaining as simple banter. When their dance finishes he goes to get another glass of wine. From there it becomes a sort of a meet and greet, with different people asking him to dance and talk. He entertains them all and wishes to see the sailor at last.But everytime he comes out blank. Perhaps Peter lied and he didn't really want to come, the idea settled in his head and it made him feel bitter. He dances both with Agnes and Jack separately. With Agnes he has to make sure to touch her very little otherwise he burns himself, while with Jack he talks amicably and merely finds out how much the man loves his wife. Honestly it was quite entertaining to see.He wished someone would be that commited to him, he will admit that their relationship is built in trust and mutual understanding.Along with love.It was quite a beautiful tale. Elias was taking a break from dancing by eating a little bit and drinking more wine when he noticed a familiar face.Helen was holding Melanie’s hand while the two of them talked to Georgina who looked amused. The fae woman looks at him and winks before pointing with her head to the balcony. With a bit more trepidation he attempts to go there, to both scold Peter for making him wait and to drag him inside to dance. But before he could, a dark presence stands next to him and asks him for his dance. Elias has to stop in place and turn towards Maxwell, who gives him a lecherous grin.With a tired smile he nods and is dragged promptly to the dance floor. The musicians for some reason change their song and speed it up. Maxwell takes a hold over his waist and hand and starts to walts him around the room. The floating lights seemed to malfunction as the man moved them around, causing them to dim or turn off with his sheer presence. “I was looking forward to this in all honesty” Elias can’t truly say the same, he just gives a wanton look towards the balcony door and turns back to his companion who looks suddenly rather miffed at him.“Waiting for someone else?”“No, I just wanted to breathe some air outside, you know how it is” He winces when Maxwell squeezes his waist tightly.“I do, albeit perhaps you wanted a different company. Oh Elias, really you shouldn’t get so close to those who aren't deserving of it. Honestly you could do better” Prick.“Is that so?” Maxwell looks down towards him, more specifically his mouth, something that makes him tense.“Yes” The music reaches a crescendo and they spin across the dancefloor so fast the end of his cape keeps opening up. “Quite a sight you are” Biting the inside of his cheek he considers stepping over his foot, but it would reflect badly on him. Plus people were looking at them, Elias had to keep his cool no matter what.“Thank you, you look very handsome as well” It hurts to say, but it is the expected compliment. His partner seemed to be happy to hear that, or more like he liked Elias to stroke his ego.“You know before we got interrupted I was going to tell you something important, you know?” He can't really imagine what.“I see… and pray tell what is it that you wanted to tell me so badly?” They give one last spin and before he can say something else, Maxwell dips him. Elias has to scramble to hold onto him to not fall to the ground, causing them to be rather close. He sees him lean down towards his mouth and he has no way to stop it without making a scene, what does he do-!?“Do you mind if I take the next dance? I believe his majesty promised me one” Oh my god.He sees a gloved hand grab Maxwell’s shoulder and pull him away from him and his mouth. Oh my god he could kiss Peter right now, damned be the consequences. Elias is finally standing straight again, now he can finally see Peter and its-Holy shit.Elias' face heats up immediately, he is fairly sure even his ears must be red at this point. Peter looked gorgeous. It's the first time that he has seen him so well dressed up and he can’t- It's like his brain can't quite fully comprehend it? Perfectly tailored to his figure, it highlighted his broad shoulders and body shape, the color scheme, the references to the night sky and stars. Hell he even had a brooch with a green gem that resembled an eye-
   It matched the one Elias was wearing.  
It dawned on him why the outfit was making him feel so flustered. Peter wore blue, silver and gold, it complimented Elias making them look like a  pair . Like a couple, like Simon and Titania, Agnes and Jack hell even Rosie and Tadeas!His heart was going to beat out of his chest at this rate. The dog mask was kind of hilarious, but he couldn't really appreciate it since he was more focused on the stiff smile Peter was giving Maxwell.“Really? I think the king should be more focused on someone his-”“I would love to” Maxwell can go to hell for all he cares. He sees the furious look he gives him, but Elias scowls back at him.“I promised him and I intend to keep my word. Besides, it would be nice to dance with someone who won't manhandle me. Again” He draws out the last part in a bitter tone to shut him up. Quickly he grabs Peter’s hand and pulls him away to the side. His companion gives Maxwell a murderous look that makes him feel like he got a shot of electricity. God he wants him so much. And it's unfair how badly he wants to pull at his clothes and drag him to the balcony to make out.Really Elias should have a bit more decorum, but he can be forgiven when he has the man look like a bloody prince in front of him. Once they are further away from the other kind Peter turns towards him and asks very quietly if he wants to dance. Kiss him  is what his brain tells him.
   Pull him down, kiss him and say yes. 
But Elias is however a master at denying himself, so he merely nods. While the music while he was dancing with Maxwell sped up, now that he was with Peter it seemed to slow down. He gave the band an approving glance, he is fairly sure he saw someone give him a thumbs up.Peter fumbles a bit and eventually settles his arm on his waits and holds his hand. Unlike the other man, he seemed to be very careful and self conscious about where to hold him. It was endearing.Elias was also very pissed off about having to wait and dance with Rayner.“What the hell? What took you so long?!” Peter spinds them and laughs nervously at him.“Helen needed help, but... um, she also was a bit nervous about her date? And I was kind of freaking out about anyone figuring out who I am, so we ended up giving each other a pep talk and it took a bit longer than expected. Sorry, i came by because Rosie practically dragged me out of the balcony when she saw you with Maxwell” God fucking dammit. Peter lifts him up a bit as the dance requires and they keep moving. Both of their coats flutter around at every step and spin.“Why not mention to me how nervous you were before I would have tried to help-” Peter's mouth turns up into a smile.“I know, but you were already so swarmed I figured I didn't want to pull more worries on you. So… I talked with Helen and well, here we are huh? A bit late, but nonetheless” Yes, they sure are.“You impossible man” His partner grins and it makes his chest hurt with how beautiful he looks.“Also before I forget… You look quite possibly radiant today! Saw your entrance and it was… well I couldn't stop looking and that is quite a feat. Then again you always call my attention, little siren” This man!Elias looks to his chest to not show off his red cheeks, by doing so he realizes that his waistcoat had a pattern, first it looked like cracks, but then he realized that they were fog clouds. Like the ones in his tattoos.Whoever did his outfit knew what they were doing for sure.The music picks up a bit and Elias looks up again and lets Peter guide him, usually he would be the one trying to be in charge, but he feels comfortable enough like this. One step back two steps forward. The room around them seems to blur and he is far more focused on the man holding his waist than anything else. The music is background noise along with the colors and lights. It's funny how easy it is to forget the world around when he is having fun.“Well, if I am allowed to say. You sir, you clean up really nicely, you look like a prince. The most-” He should stop, he should! But- “Like the most handsome one i have ever seen Peter, truly i don't think i could explain how badly you stumped me, how… seeing you quite literally left me speechless. No I'm not jesting, I mean it… whoever you want to date one day will be a lucky person” Peter gasps and stumbles a bit, so Elias picks up and turns the tables by changing positions and guiding him next. His cheeks were bluish red and it was making Elias feel like he got charged up.He grins at him triumphantly. Peter lets him get away with it which feels like a total victory.“You minx” Elias squeezes his waist and stays in place before swinging him a bit and them pulling him back towards him in a spin.“You love it” Peter blushes and it feels like someone was doing somersaults on Elias' chest.“Well, if we are being honest my little peacock” He steps on his foot as a warning, but Peter laughs and shakes his head. “You are the most beautiful thing in this room, like a gem to be honest. Dressed up or just in your plain clothes you always look astounding to me, it's honestly kind of unfair” Elias curses very softly and bops his head to his chest. “I hate you” And Peter, who lets Elias caress his chest mind you, merely holds his waist as they move a bit slower and simply replies-“No you dont” “No, quite the opposite in fact” Elias says it so softly there is no way the other heard him, not with all the music and voices around them.The music starts to slow down and stop so Elias pulls back a bit and tries to look every bit as regal as before. He should start making rounds again to dance and talk and-“Do you want to do it again?” Peter looks earnestly at him, he offers him a hand and Elias hesitates to take it. He shouldn't, they already had their dance, there were more people around waiting and-And.….And he nods. Peter smiles so brightly that Elias thinks he falls in love all over again. How could he not?This is all he has wanted since he realized he loved him. They dance again and… again! The next time he asks Peter for another one and the one after that it's Peter who doesn't want to let go. Elias can't help it, between their banter and the closeness he can't give it up! He knows logically that he should.But it's so hard to pull away, it's like they were magnets pulling towards each other. At some point he has to stop, but mostly because he gets thirsty and tired. It's when he realizes he has been going at it for a long while now, and that most of his guests were looking at them. Elias tries to keep his face calm and not feel the coldness of judgement. He pulls away from Peter for a bit and walks towards the tables with food and drinks, the man follows him of course. Seemingly not catching in his change of mood, or perhaps he does as he asks if he is ok very softly.“We should perhaps split up for a bit, i'm afraid we might have just… overdone it a bit. I should drink and talk a bit more and dance with more guests-” Peter seems like he wants to say something but a small familiar shape runs into his legs.“Daddy!” Pasha tries to crawl all over Peter making Elias snort. He drinks more wine and watches them interact. She asks for a dance too and says she is playing a spy game with Tim and Sasha.“Wanna help Pasha? It's a secret shhh” Peter laughs and picks her up. She holds his cheeks and nuzzles his face making Elias smile at the two of them.“You should go, she was very excited to dance with her dad” She nods.“Pasha already danced with dad Lie, now she wants to dance with foggy daddy!” Peter makes a surprised noise and gives him a smug look when she calls him dad too.“Oh sod off, Pasha dear? Keep your dad out of trouble ok? I’m going to check on a few things” Looking up the ceiling he sees the moon it's almost all red. Midnight approaches, he and Peter truly danced for a long time.He feels embarrassment and shame, he knows he is giving a wrong idea to everyone else and he needs to pull himself together. For Pasha he has to do this.So he lets them be and moves around until he finds Rosie and Tadeas dancing, she looks very, very happy. Rosie giggles at something that the man says close to her neck and Elias sees her flush.Good for her, honestly. If one of them can at the very least get a partner that they like out of all this fiasco, he is happy it's her. He prays Mooreland continues their alliance and he gets that marriage.Once they are done he interrupts a bit and asks if they minded sharing a dance with him. Rosie rolls her eyes but steps back, However he says he wishes to dance with her first.“If that's ok?” Tadeas nods and says he wanted to get something to drink anyways. As he is left alone with her he asks about her date.“Not a date-! And… and very well, he is a gentleman for sure. What about you? You both looked-” She gets a wistful look and speaks very lowly so only the two of them could hear “You looked like a couple sir. A very happy one at that. Mr Foster, his clothes match yours perfectly sir. I know you said that you couldn't bring yourself to explain, but it would be cruel not to. Look at him, it's clear as day what he wants and feels at this point” Elias spins her and pulls her close again.“I know, i'm not an idiot, god have you seen him? He is like a dream come true! I bloody know Rosie, my brain literally combusted at seeing him. I want to drag him the nearest balcony and kiss him stupid!” She can't stop her snort and subsequent laughter.“Ugh shut up, as if you didn't want to do the same to Mr Dahl” She hits his shoulder.“Stop peeking into my head!” Elias smirks.“I didn't, but thank you for the confirmation love” They talk and joke and it's quite relaxing. At the very least it soothes his nerves, plus dancing with someone else after being with Peter must be a show of good faith. Soon it's time to switch again and he takes Mr Dahl’s hand.“Are you having fun?” He nods and looks around. “Quite frankly, yes, there are no parties like this at home. Let alone this colorful and… crowded, the queen doesn't like it much” “A shame” He nods at his comment.“So this is quite the opportunity, I'm enjoying myself immensely. And… you seem to do so as well” Elias' smile is frozen in place but he nods.“Of course! I worked so hard on this-” Tadeas shakes his head.“I mean before, when you were dancing with Mr Foster. You looked happy, both of you” It sounded like a question and like wonder. Elias was terrified.“Yes, well, we are friends and he knows me rather well, it's normal that I would feel comfortable with him around and….” He drifts off as his companion gives him an unimpressed stare.“Sir, I will have to be blunt here. I know, it's not hard to see you both seem to have feelings for each other, that won't sway me from helping you get the alliance or marriage. I just feel sad that you would give it up for political power” It irks him that people seem to believe that's why he is doing this. It's not and maybe the Elias of a year ago would have done it for that, but he is not.This is out of love, not power.So in spite of his better judgement he talks back. “It's not for power. What i'm doing? I'm doing it to help someone I care about. True, i have feelings, but i would rather keep family safe first, i think he would understand that”And-  Fuck, Rosie is right. Elias is a fool. Peter would understand regardless of how it would hurt him to know, he would understand why he needs to do this. He is an idiot. Tadeas gives him a relieved and approving look that baffles him.“Good, I think he would. I was a bit concerned that you only cared for power” What is up with this man??“I assure you i'm not” At that he sees him smile.“Then if things pan out right, i would be glad to have you meet up the prince” Elias is left surprised.“You- would?” Tadeas nods.“I would have to make a few arrangements and talk with the queen. But I'm sure of it” Oh.“Thank you” He nods and the dance soon comes to an end.“Also, just saying, I would have agreed anyway. Mr Rayner is a creep, he seemed to have harassed one of the princesses, so between you and I, no one quite likes him back home either. Especially the oldest prince” So it wasn't just him? Good to know.“I'm sorry about that” “It was years ago, its ok now, but thank you. Also… you should probably dance with Mr Foster one more time, he looks like a lost puppy” Tadeas points to the other side of the room and in true fashion he is looking a bit sour, Helen is with him talking to him at least.He can see some fog in the ground, but thankfully since Elias made a fake one for the dance floor, it cannot be traced back to him.Good.“I will, thank you” They split up and he sees him meet up with Rosie again, which makes him smile. Elias picks up more wine along the way and tries to make his way towards Peter when Simon grabs his arm and starts to spin him in a dance.“Si-!”“Who is your friend? I don't think I have ever seen you act that chummy with anyone ever? Ohhh do you have a secret lover I should know about? For shame Mr Bouchard I thought we were friends!” Oh fuck, oh shit.“He- is a friend of mine, that's all. No secret lover at all, i told you im looking for a husband, i don't have time for that kind of thing”“Mm, yet he saved you from Maxwell, you danced for like an hour and oh, your staff all seemed to be thrilled to see it. Like I saw several people passing cash between them as if there was some kind of bet?” HE IS GOING TO FIRE ALL OF THEM!Elias pulls back his mask and pinches the bridge of his nose. As his friend lets him go and spins around him.“Lovely makeup” Between clenched teeth he replies.“Thank you Simon. My staff are idiots who have nothing better to do than bet on childish stuff. He did, because Maxwell was being a creep and tried to kiss me, which makes me appreciate his help to stop that” It doesn't seem to convince the man at all, in fact he seems even more excited while he starts to do his own dance around him. It would be funny if Elias wasn't so exhausted.“Yet you looked so comfortable and ohh, the charged looks, the tension, it was like watching me and my Titania when we first met. Not only that but he dressed up right to your alley. And between you and me he seems to be your type. What with all those little novels you like to buy-” Elias pushes him and feels his face burn.“No! No, not at all, I have no idea what you speak of, hahaha, you are so funny Simon. Oh is that Titania calling for you? Maybe you should go, I have stuff to do. Bye!!” He doesn't run, but he doesn power walk.Melanie is the next one to interrupt him, by grabbing his arm and pulling him to a dance as well. She grabs to lead him and he is a bit powerless to stop her.“Yes..?” Her face is focused on his.“You and that man. You seemed-” “Can we- can we not? Please? It's really complicated right now, and I'm honestly just trying my best to avoid Maxwell. He tried to kiss me and I would rather not have him anywhere close again” She spins with such strength that he is worried she will let go and he will be sent sprawling to the ground.“He did what?” Her tone was furious.“He uh, dipped me and tried to kiss me, i couldn't even try to push away less i fell flat to the ground” She looks positively murderous.“Oh he wont, go” She spins him until someone catches him. Titania looks down on hims and boops his nose. She is too tall for him to grab properly. “Your partner seems familiar, have we met before?” Nope!“I don't think so, I met him in Hilltop” A small lie, but a necessary one.“Mm, i would swear there is something about him-” Elias escapes quickly and gets slammed into Alfred who laughs and says while pulling him to waltz that his music changed when he was around the mystery person.“Like something soft and melodious, and your friends! It reminded me of a song by the sea, like a siren’s call in the background. It's hard to come by with one of those! Special even, you both compliment each other, his haunted lonely sounds seem to be filled in by the constant melody in your heart! Even the bad parts in both you seem to piece together like a puzzle. I will keep Maxy busy, no need to cut off such a wonderful song, i wonder if i can play it back for your wedding” Elias has no time to scream at him to shut off and that there will be no wedding when he is swung around towards two pairs of arms. Agnes and Jack both hold him steady and seem to pull him into a sort of three way dance.“You seemed to enjoy yourself” Agnes is blunt.“Apologies, she tried to reach you when Mr Rayner started to dance with you, but Aggy caused a few lights to burst and we had to help put them out” Jack smiles at him and gives a teasing look at his wife who looks elsewhere with a-Is she pouting??! Is the world ending?“He was being abrasive and his flames-” She sighs and shakes her head. Agnes puts a hand over his heart.“I don't know what the situation is, but I have never seen something so beautiful, so please. Do yourself a kindness and go” Jack grins at him and pulls him very kindly to the side.“The ball is beautiful by the way, thank you for inviting us!” Elias is truly feeling dizzy at whatever the hell just happened now. But he does realize that he crossed half of the room between dance partners and that he was closer to Peter. So with a bit of unsteady feet he comes closer, he sees Joshua and Neil give him thumbs up and smiles, which cause him to blush and cover his eyes with the mask again. God what the bloody hell is up with everyone today??Helen and- Georgina were both talking with Peter who looked very scandalized. When he sees him he says something to them and goes towards where he is.Both of them try to speak at the same time.“Do you want to dance?/Do you want to drink?” Elias looks towards the table, Peter looks to the dancefloor.“What about a few drinks first and then we dance?” Peter nods.“I could definitely go for that” Elias was in his fourth cup of wine, he should really pull back on his drinking, but if he wants to survive the rest of the night he might as well. Peter drinks at least 3 cups which is impressive. Then again he has a better alcohol resistance than him. He feels a bit tipsy, not enough to be a problem, but a little bit.“Where is Pasha?” Peter swallows and answers.“We danced and… and she said she was playing spy for Sasha, something about hunting down the fruity smell?” “Not again, she seems to think the wine smells weird, they are probably trying to amuse her” He looks around the room and sees in the very far end, near a balcone, Pasha jumping up and down in front of Sasha and Tim holding something in her hands.“Well, if she is having fun?” Peter is right so Elias lets them be. He hesitates, but the wine and lack of food was giving him liquor bravery. So he pulls at his arm and asks for his dance. The moon was at its peak, meaning that by the time they reached the center of the ballroom, everything was showered in a red hue. The firelights turn white and start to move like a hive making the shapes of the different kingdom’s emblems in the sky. Elias pulls a bit at his cravat feeling a bit hot. Peter follows the movement and grabs him to dance.More people joined to dance across the room, now that the final spectacle was beginning. Peter holds his waist and Elias grabs his neck making him open his mouth in shock as he pulls him down a bit.“Having fun Peter?” He doesn't speak but he does nod. The light of the moon makes a halo around them as they dance, the music becomes stronger and faster and Peter spins him as he laughs.No one cares.Everyone is fucking rooting for them.Peter looks like he is having the time of his life as well. The red blood moon covers them and Elias feels as if he was on the brink of something.Since the moment they met, his life changed for the better, true there were bad moments, but it was Peter who caused all those small changes that snowballed into something bigger.
   It was him who awoke Annabelles subjects- 
Elias pulls at his hair lightly making Peter sigh and show him his throat willingly. He licks his lips and he catches him looking at him.
   It was him who saved him, who made him realize something was wrong in the forest, who gave him the clue to find the secret tunnels- 
Elias is dizzy and happy and there is something truly wrong but he can't pinpoint what it is-Something he keeps on ignoring. Peter’s magic, his siblings, Tadeas and- and   Martin    too. Peter lifts him up and Elias looks down on him just for a moment as he is put back in the ground and they keep on their dance. He sees Maxwell in the corner of his eye trying to come closer, but everyone just keeps pulling him away.Moorelan, Aella, Jon-He hears the clock strike midnight.A missing prince who could change everything-Peter dips him, but unlike Maxwell Elias doesn't mind, unlike Maxwell, Elias moves up towards him.Elias wants-As he was about to kiss him when the final bell struck and fireworks outside went out, the room turned black.Completely and utterly dark it was as if a void had swallowed any semblance of light on it and if it wasn't for the feeling of Peter holding him he would have thought he was alone. People around them start to freak out. Elias himself does, he is definitely more drunk than he thought. His powers were also not working.He couldn't see outside the room, couldn't see at all in any way that mattered. He was blind.He was blind, blind-!?He is breathing far more heavily and he hears Pete curse like he has never done before is enough to snap him out of his panic. “Peter?” The man pulls him upright and holds him close.“Even where light should come from outside the balcony doors, there is nothing, its a complete void. Elias feels something grab his waist that is definitely not Peter. “Can’t believe I have to do it this way” Maxwell is next to him practically next to his face. He feels him grab his cheek and turn it to the side closer to his mouth.“Oh i see you you fucking piece of shit” Suddenly Elias can see something glowing next to him. Maxwell hisses and he hears Peter shuffle and-Punch something or more like someone.When he turns back he sees that Peter’s clothes were changing color, and in fact glowed in the dark. The blue coat with the constellations turned white, the stars all started to shine brighter and brighter. His waistcoat turned blue while the fog clouds on it were filled with golden details. It reminded him of a lapiz lazuli.Suddenly Peter was the only thing that he could see in the dark. Even his skin turned bluish and he could see him too. Oddly he thinks he sees a flash of white around his hair, but it soon goes away.“Peter?” “Surprise?” He sounds unsure. Holy shit.“Oh my go-”“Elias….” Maxwell, shit, something grabs his leg and he tries to pull away, when suddenly he hears someone being in pain and sees a single fire ball in Agnes hands.Her skin was glowing too, albeit if Peter looked in his fairy shape like he was filled with fog, Agnes looked like she was filled with magma on the inside. Her ears were pointy and her freckles became black spots. For a brief moment he was sure he saw a pair of curled horns in her head, but suddenly it was gone. Her eyes definitely were glowing orange and she seemed furious.“Get out” Between Peter and Agnes he could see a shadow like thing move across the floor. “Agnes-” Around them people were freaking out and panicking. She nods.“Let there be light” She raises a hand and the shadow slithers away quickly. Fire rose up from her palm, it was blue, it soon started to float up and before he knew it it sort of exploded inwards creating hundreds of blue lights permeating the room. None of them burnt anything, but the entire place was cast in the bluish light. The dark receded and he could see again, everyone was looking up in awe.The fire starts to move and it swirls around until it joins in the middle creating the shape of a phoenix and disappearing. When it goes away, Agnes looks normal again, Peter skin is normal, but his clothes remain in the switched colors. Outside the firework show continues and the band seemingly catching onto the panic plays it off as part of the show. Elias makes the motion for the final surprise to be released.From the fake clouds the net is released and enchanted petals start to fall in slow motion. Across the room, all from different colors just showering the entire ballroom. The musicians pick up the music and everyone stops for a moment before starting to dance in whatever way they please. He starts to laugh in between feeling faint. Peter looks at him worriedly and Agnes says she will keep watch.“I’m just- I think I need to sit down?” Peter nods and takes him to the tables where he drinks more wine. He deserves it. The flowers are almost suspended, the fog starts to cover all the ground and people are given glowing wands to play with. Elias is reeling. “I'm so sorry that he ruined-” He shakes his head. “Its- thank you” Because truly Peter always helps him when he needs to. “Really i don't know what i would do without you…” He gives him a soft look and leans down a bit, but a tiny cheerful voice calls out for them and Elias presses his face against his coat instead.“Daddy! Dad!! Look! it's so pretty!!!” Elias breathes in which is probably a bad idea, because he smells Peter’s cologne and it's a bit intoxicating. Pulling back he holds out his arms and picks up Pasha who nuzzles him.“Pasha got scared, but it was a fire lady playing a trick! It was fun and- and Pasha likes the flowers…” Smiling, he kisses her nose.“How about the three of us go and dance for a bit mm?” She nods and looks at Peter who ruffles her hair.“Sure, if that's what you want?” And… between everything that happened?It is.“Yes, yes it is” Elias takes all three of them to the dance floor and they just… have fun. Pasha lets them carry her and dance doing silly moves. She spins around with him and Peter.Peter picks Elias up in a princess carry, while the girl sits on his shoulders posing for a picture. Apparently Simon hired someone to take pictures with his camera and they were waiting for this moment. Tim and Sasha join later on. Helen as well, she took turns with Georgine to dance with Melanie.Elias ends up pulling off his mask and letting Pasha put glowy makeup on his cheeks, something that brought her immense joy. Peter for obvious reasons couldn't take his off. But he did help paint Pasha as well and three some of it into Tim who protested but ultimately had fun hugging Sasha who was rather drunk. Something he was in no better state, in between partying he kept drinking too. Trying to forget the awful moment from before.Peter had to keep stealing his cups and drinking them for him. Effectively getting him tipsy as well. Around… three? In the morning the party finally had to come to an end. Sasha was practically out of commission, Pasha was asleep curled up in a chair. Elias was so drunk he could barely stand, Tim was sober surprisingly and offered to take Pasha to his room since he had to also take Sasha.“You can take Elias I assume?” Peter nods and he should be offended at not being trusted to walk his way back, but considering he stumbled on his own two feet he has to concede defeat.“Like a drunk chicken, pfff” Peter is holding his waist and dragging him to his room.“Shush you- you mutt!” He sees him roll his eyes. In fact… that is the last coherent thought he has. 
  
  
  
  
  
  
Peter is tipsy, Peter is tipsy, in love and furious at Maxwell Rayner.Peter is also carrying the love of his life who keeps making incoherent comments all around, because he is drunk as a skunk.All he wanted, all he needed was that kiss, yet Maxwell had to fucking ruin it and terrorize Elias when he was finally happy. Finally truly enjoying himself without worrying about the others. It was plain as day even to him that’s what was happening.Yet he had to ruin it.He sighs, they reach his room and he very carefully helps him sit down and take off his boots, and coat. He lightly traces the feathers. He didn't lie, Peter truly thought he was beautiful when he saw him come down, the most gorgeous thing he has ever laid eyes upon. Peter takes off his own coat and gloves, rolling up the sleeves of his shirt and pulling his own necktie out along with the brooch.Elias was rather boneless, so he doesn't really struggle much. It is worrying that he is letting him and Peter is aware how vulnerable he is right now. He considers camping out to make sure Maxwell doesn't try anything. Yet before he can even begin to consider sleeping on the floor, his companion starts to take off his cravat and unbutton his shirt, showing off his collarbone. Peter chokes a bit and tries to gently pull his hand away, but Elias the little bugger takes it as an invitation and uses his free hand to pull him by his lapel on top of him.So now the shorter man was laying on his back in the bed with Peter caging him in, trying to not squash him. He is tipsy enough that his balance is off. His heart is definitely pounding and he can't help but to stare.At his face, at his lips or at his neck and chest. Peter is kind of fucked.“Like what you see?” Swallowing he shakes his head, but Elias pulls away his mask and holds his cheek. Peter is currently pressing his other hand against the bed.“Dont lie, it doesn't look good on you…” He is very out of it, because he is drunk! Peter knows that Elias will not even remember saying this tomorrow.“Im- im not lying Lias…” He curses his stutter, but he can't help it, he is caressing him and his thumb brushes his lips. Fuck him.“You are… I'm not blind you are always checking me out!!! Especially today, don't worry- i dont- i dont mind. I like it  Peter ” He growls his name and he feels weak in the knees. How is that even drunk and being a head shorter than him, Elias still manages to make him putty in his hands??What kind of magic or witchcraft does he have!Peter's mouth falls open a bit and he sees him stare at it intently.“Shame, I wanted to…” He hears him trail off and Peter knows, he felt him move closer to him before everything went dark. Felt his lips almost, almost! Touch his.It was torture.“I-”“Can I still?” And fuck. Peter wants nothing more, would kill for it. But it's not right.“You are very drunk and im- im tipsy, we should- maybe if you are- are sober…?” His heart is pounding, Elias frowns and bites his lip in thought making him stare, fuck. He really doesn't make good decisions when he is drunk, he knows. Mikaele won him several family heirlooms like that. Thank god no one cares enough to report anything going missing.“But I want to..!” Peter shakes his head.“You are just drunk lo-love” Elias flutters his eyelashes at him, the makeup makes his eyes look even more enticing. Peter’s resolve is crumbling like a sandcastle.“Maybe, but I wanted it before, what difference does it make now?” Elias' face was illuminated by the moon outside, his cheeks were flushed, his lips were red with him so much he kept biting him. His shirt was open and he looked-Peter closes his eyes and presses his forehead against his. Elias' hand goes from his face to his neck, it sneaks up a bit to touch skin making him gasp a bit. It's like he is burning from the inside out, its not fair what he does to him.It's not fair at all. He prays to anyone who listens, that if this works, that if he can live he will love nothing more than to ravish this man as much as he wants.Fuck decorum he loves him and he wants him, like nothing else in this world.Elias sees him and pulls him back from the fog, keeps him alive, and gives him a reason to live.He, Pasha, Tim and Helen. If Peter hadn't met him, hadn't wanted to help him he wouldn't have met any of them. Wouldn't have wanted to live if it wasn't for them. Never for himself, he can't see a reason to live for himself, but for them?For them he could.“Peter…” He hesitates, he can’t. He wants to.If this works they can be together.He kisses his cheek out of sheer nervousness. Elias sighs and smiles against his cheek.“Not quite what I meant…” Peter laughs and wants to cry, this is it, and yet he is so nervous he can't. He is a coward and a fool and he- Elias manages to free his other hand from his grip, he holds his face between his hand and stares at him with the most earnest and loving expression he has seen on him.“You are so dumb, but Its ok, its why i love you. So, so…. muc-” Peter shuts him up with a kiss. Elias makes a surprised noise that soon turns into a pleasured exhale. Peter's mind is completely blank, it takes him a moment to realize what he did. His entire chest felt like it combusted when he heard him say that. When he felt him holding his face, he couldn't begin to explain it.He is so surprised that he freezes, but Elias doesn't let him pull away. Wrapping his arms around his neck he pulls him closer and finally-Finally! Peter's brain kicks into action. This is what he has wanted for months. Moving along to Elias' whims, he just enjoys the moment. Elias was warm under him, he was warm and alive and he wrapped his legs around his waist-Oh.Oh my!It spurns him on, to kiss him deeper, to bite his lips, something the man under him seems to appreciate quite a lot, seeing as he pulls him closer and pulls at his hair making him stop. Concerned he wanted to ask, but Elias merely attaches his mouth to Peter’s neck and oh fucking hell-!He moans, because he can't help it, he just bit in the right spot and it's leaving him completely breathless. Peter merely lets him leave a collar of marks all across his neck with all the happiness and joy of someone who is… very much into it. Peter can't help it truly.Still he also wants… One of his hands sneaks under Elias' open shirt and he manages to caress the skin there. The other man moans against his skin and Peter is practically vibrating out of his body. He goes back to kissing Elias in the mouth while his hand moves around and Elias just preses closer and mumbles-“I love you, so, so much please believe me” In between kisses. And by all means Peter should say the same, should reciprocate, should probably kiss the words into his skin.The simple I love you too.And he wants to. God he does, but before he can attempt to, Elias bites his lip and uses his tongue. Something that completely derails any line of thought he might be having. They just keep going like that, fumbling around kissing and biting and Peter is probably dead and in heaven, but if it's like that then he sure doesn't mind at all.This beautiful dream continues until it finally crashes down on him like a ton of bricks. Elias tastes like wine, maybe a bit like… raspberries too, which is quite nice. He ponders what kissing him after eating some cake and coffee would be like but that is for later.Peter pulls back a bit to fully take him in and smiles at Elias when he realizes something quite important and monumental that makes all the warmth that he was feeling drain completely.His tattoos were still there in his arms, mocking him about his demise.“No” If the curse is broken they should go away. He looks at Elias who seems concerned at him.“Peter..?” He gets up and goes to the mirror, opening up his shirt and checking out the tattoos. With mounting horror he realizes they are actually spreading as he watches helplessly. No, NO!The fairies said that the answer was easy, that he could fix it, that just a kiss would do it!The fairies-…They lied.Just like Missy. There is no cure is there? It was probably a joke, she must have hated his great grandfather and just wished to see all of them suffer.Peter cannot break the curse, he is going to die and Elias-He freezes. Elias will have to marry. He wants to cry, he thinks he might be. Pulling at his hair back he doesn't know what to do anymore.Tadeas was sick too, he managed to get him alone for a moment at the ball. He had been sick before leaving for Opperior.Everything is wrong and he can't fix anything can he?“Peter? What's wrong are you-” He stumbles a bit, but he manages to get to the bed and just… lay on it, pulling Elias closer into a hug and kissing the top of his head. He feels him squirm, but he shakes a bit and he stays still. Carefully he holds him too in a hug and he buries his face in his hair.“I'm sorry” Elias doesn't ask about what.“Its ok, i forgive you” And it fucking hurts, because he knows he wont.“I'm going to have to be really cruel to you soon and I don't want to. I'm sorry Elias” He kisses the top of his head. and apologizes one, two-A hundred times.“Can I help you?” It seems to dawn on him, even in the state he is, that there is something fundamentally wrong with him now. Because he sounds scared, Elias holds him closer, as if he is afraid that Peter would disappear between his arms.It's very likely that's how Peter is going to die.“No. You already did everything you could, you… gave me more than I can explain to you. You made this past year the best one in my entire life. Heh, isn't it sad?” He feels a few bitter tears fall from his eyes. Elias mumbles and nuzzles his chest.“You also made me happy… I was so empty and sad and I never noticed before you, meeting you made my life better, that's why I love you…you make me happy when I didn't realize I was missing it” Its as if someone liked to see him suffer, like a hundred stakes over the heart.“I wanted to marry you, but I made a deal to save Pasha with my patron… i gotta marry someone of royal blood, m’sorry i lied, i really want you…” Peter just didn't know how to answer that. Elias clung to him and he just-Oh, of course.Why else would he want to marry? Elias refused to marry for years. It was not for himself, all he wanted was to keep Pasha safe, wanted to keep him safe too. “Oh Lias... “ He should have told him, but well, what else can he do now? He still has Aaron, Peter will die, but Aaron wont.He has to go and start preparing… fuck.He doesn't want to! It's unfair! It's not- it wasn't supposed to be like this. It was never supposed to be like this….“It's ok, I get it. I do, I'm not mad, I swear. Thank you, I'm sorry you are forced to do this, but Lias? I will make sure you are taken care of ok? No matter what” He hears him breath in and out.“What if i want you to… its not cause i love em, you can stay and- and still be together” Peter kisses him.“Why don't we sleep it in? Think about it in the morning, hm?” Elias will not remember any of this, he is too wasted.“Kay… goodnight Peter love you” He holds him close until hsi breathing becomes steady and he hears him snore lightly.Peter is doomed, but he won't drag Elias with him. He can't.He loves him too much.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Elias wakes up with a killer headache and with the last dregs of a wonderful dream, he buries his face in his pillows and groans.

  It's not the first time he dreams about making out with Peter, probably won't be the last, but this one was… Was very real. Even with his head pounding the leftover images of Peter pressing his lips against him and holding him close- Elias shivers and tries to calm down a bit, his body was definitely fighting a campaign against him on all fronts.

  His head hurt too much to do anything about the pleasant feeling in his gut, it wouldn't give him much satisfaction to be honest. Not in this state.

  Speaking of that-

  He checks himself a bit, his last conscious memory was of being offended at Peter calling him a drunk chicken, after that everything is blank. So he is a bit surprised he managed to get to bed and lose most of his clothes in the process. 

  Elias has to assume Peter managed to drop him here and help him take off some of his clothes to sleep comfortably. Looking around he sees his coat draped over a chair, his boots and gloves lying on the floor next to the bed, clearly thrown away haphazardly. Groaning he rolls to his back and feels a pulsing pain in his forehead that makes him hiss out in pain. 

  Stumbling around to the desk like an ungraceful beast, he recovers the small potion he kept for this kind of occasion and takes a shot. The taste is good, like drinking coffee in one go. It wakes him up a bit and makes the pain a bit duller.

  Not by much mind you, but the potion will kick in soon, so with his body completely disagreeing with him he goes to the bathroom to take a bath. A shower would be nice, but the idea of standing up straight while his balance is still off makes him want to throw up. 

  In the mirror he sees that he didn't take off his makeup, so it was now all messed up, making him look like a flashy raccoon. 
  
    Good lord.
  

  Duchess makes a meowl and enters the bath too. She curls up around his clothes and stays there while he relaxes and tries to not throw up whatever little he ate and drank the day before. The migraine is impressive and the potion is taking its sweet time to work.

  The night before…

  The entire thing is seared into his brain, the dance with Peter, the almost kiss-

  Bloody Maxwell ruining everything like a petulant child! Elias is not his toy or plaything, if he wants to kiss someone he will, Maxwell can very well choke. Still… he almost-

  Elias shivers, they had been so close, just a bit more and they could have brushed their lips together. And- And Peter! He looked so good, so handsome…

  Whoever made that outfit for him deserves a spot as the royal seamstress, the clothes and magic imbued into it looked splendid. It made Peter look like a prince. Elias will definitely ask him about it when he sees him, he wonders if he can hire them too…

  Closing his eyes he frowns, he has to stop trying to change his line of thought, yes he almost kissed Peter, yes he would have loved nothing more than to do that! But it was foolish, he let the drinks and everyone else just rope him into it without consideration.

  Saying he regrets it would be a lie, because he doesn't, Elias was happy, for a few hours, for a single moment he was happy and he almost got what he had wanted for months. Of course fate hates him and it pushes him away once again. Or well, more like Maxwell the bastard did, because he is an entitled piece of shit.

  Ugh.

  Elias can't wait for him to finally go! Just a few more days and all monarchs will be out of the castle, not all of them bothered him, god no, in fact its only Maxwell that made him miserable. He knows it's partially his fault for writing to him, but well he was in a desperate situation. Elias still is, but now he has more of a safety net and he feels good enough to not fall into the trap of asking the dark king.

  The potion finally works in his favour and after a while he gets out of the bath to dry and change. He has to usher the owl-cat away from his clothes. Duchess gives him an unimpressed stare and huffs before hitting his leg with her wing and going outside. 

  “Sorry my fair lady, but I need to put that to wash” The animal doesn't answer but merely jumps to his bed and starts to roll all over the sheets. With a sigh he puts the dirty clothes away and puts on a clean outfit. 

  He hopes today is a good day.

  
  
  

  Breakfast is a quiet affair, no one comes, when he checks on those he can he sees them all practically passed out on their beds. Too many drinks last night, Elias sops his coffee and thinks of dropping by to see Peter. But as he checks around the castle he can't find him at all.

  …

  The beach or the forest then, those are the only places where he usually cannot find him. He will go later to see him. Elias wants to thank him for the night before and more importantly he wants to- he wants to be honest about why he is doing this, marrying. He knows Peter will understand, and Elias also wants…

  Part of him wants to tell him that he wants to kiss him, that he loves him. That even if he marries it's not because he doesn't care, but because he has to. He is not doing this to get power, to get an advantage if Jonathan comes back!

  No, Elias is doing this because he cares, because he loves someone enough to do something he hates. Years ago he wouldn't have, he knows that. Everyone was right, the man he was before was an uncaring bastard. 

  He would have never put his life at risk so many times, wouldn't have done a deal like this. 

  People change, he changed because he met Peter, his entire life was different because of him-

  Something at the back of his brain was bothering him, it felt important, like a realization that he forgot. It niggled at him, but despite trying to pursue such a line of thought it sort of slipped away, he couldn't pinpoint what it was that bothered him with accuracy.

  “Ugh, maybe im still a bit worked up from last night” He probably needs more rest, his head despite not hurting anymore is clearly still tired.

  After finishing his food he goes outside to the beach, as he approaches the ship he notices the lack of movement, Elias walks slowly and looks around, it doesn't seem like there is anyone here. He hesitates but he does go to check if Peter perhaps is inside.

  He isn't. Elias is a bit… disappointed to be honest, but well what can he do?

  Maybe he went to see the fairies? Or he is in town, whatever it is he will see him eventually. He needs to talk with him and be honest just this once.

  Elias owes that to him, after everything it's the least he can do, be honest about this one thing.

  Before leaving he checks to see if Opal is around, but despite whistling to call her, she doesn't emerge from the water. Not that weird, she does tend to swim around when no one is around. 

  
  

  Later, around lunch he gets hit with a surprise. Elias was looking for Miss James to buy some ingredients from her shop, he realized he ran out of some elements to make potions and they were not usually found locally. In a normal case he would need to buy them and wait for them to be delivered in a few weeks, but apparently she had them so….

  As he approaches her wagon he sees two men talking with her, Sasha looks excited, he is honestly surprised she looks so good since she got drunk faster than him the night before. But considering her job it wouldn't be a surprise that like him she had a cure for hangovers. 

  One of the gentleman was dressed up all in black, the coat, pants, knee high boots- Wait.

  He stands corrected, it wasn't all black, he was wearing a pink patterned shirt under the coat. It had yellow flowers. If that particular contradiction didn't surprise him then there was the matter with his hair. It was long and dark, he wore it in a ponytail but what truly made him grimace was the atrocious dye job. He could see the sandy blonde color that the black dye was trying to hide.

  Then there was the second man, he was around the same height as Sasha, meaning they were both shorter than the bad dye job man. He has short wild hair with a few grey streaks between all the brown. Elias also saw that he had a pair of goggles on top of his head, a white shirt with rolled up sleeves, a green open vest and a bunch of belts? On his hips. More for decoration than actual practicality. His pants were brown and he also wore knee tall boots. He also had a bunch of scars littering his body, it was quite disconcerting, the final touch was the lute hanging from his back.

  “-And oh guys you missed the party yesterday it was amazing! The music, the food, the dance! There was even a lightshow-” Sasha was waving her arms emphatically to showcase her point, Elias was honestly amused and happy that he enjoyed herself. He has been planning this for months.

  “We really are sorry, but between stopping the spread of that thing my mom left and catching up with Adelard we were trapped. He kept making us stay for longer and longer and suddenly we were close to the party”

  “Yes, i even wrote a few new songs and i was excited to play them… guess that is not going to happen now”

  Elias finally gets close enough for Sasha to see him first.

  “Oh! Elia- Your majesty! How nice to see you!”  Both men turn around and he gets to see their faces. The taller one had burn scars and eye tattoos. While the shorter one had round scars on his face and a cut on his throat. He was of darker skin than his companion who was very pale.

  But what called Elias attention were the eyes. Hazel with green specks, so familiar it hurts.

  His heart stops when Sasha speaks.

  “These are my friends! Gerry and Jonny, they finally made it here, albeit a day late” She reproaches them, making Jon pout at her, while Gerry gives her a half smile.

  “I- i see. Pleasure to meet you. Elias Bouchard, king of Opperior” Jon straightens up and looks at Sasha with accusation.

  “You didn't say you knew the king Sasha! Its- Its an honor to meet you, your majesty” Jon clearly doesn't know what to do with himself, both Gerry and Sasha are trying to not laugh at him. Elias for his part is having a mini panic attack.

  it can't be, but at the same time, the looks and the eyes-

  Hell the name! 

  “You are… Jon correct? Well, Jonny D’ville? That's what Sasha called you anyways” He nods. “And you are Mr-” He was about to say Keay, but thought better of it ”Gerard?”  

  Jon looks startled but nods, Gerard gives him a tired look.

  “Yes, pleasure to meet you. Sasha tolds us you were the one who gave her memories back. Thank you” Ah right.

  “It was Pasha, she refused to eat them and… well she kept them as safe as she could. I just returned them as I knew she wanted to.” Gerard flinches a bit and looks at his hands.

  “About that… i’m sorry, i thought she was trying to hurt Sasha back then, so i struck her with the iron knife. I didn't think she would want to return her memories, changelings aren’t known to be so nice” Despite his racing thoughts and undercurrent of panic at seeing Jon, and thinking how his eyes match the ones in all the paintings of the missing prince inside the castle, he has to defend Pasha.

  “She was charmed by Sasha’s memories, child changelings aren't- they aren't bad, they are raised as such and they follow their nature to feed. Pasha… is a bit scared of you, she admitted that to me at least. Albeit her memories are mostly gone now so i don't know if she even recalls you hurting her now” He nods and looks a bit ashamed.

  Good, he hurt her he should be. Elias is petty and wants those he cares about to be safe.

  “So… what brings you here! I mean besides Sasha I imagine, hahah, I suppose you will be staying a few days?” Both men look at him while Sasha snorts.

  “Well, we came to sight see a bit and keep Sasha company to be honest. We did come during the festival in winter, but that was just for a day and because Jonny always wanted to see it” Jon- the prince??? Looks embarrassed.

  “I lived with my grandmother in a tower, every year on the same day I would see a bunch of glowing lights in the sky. So when I had the chance… Well, I wanted to see it upclose for once in my life! It was actually very beautiful, even if we almost missed it...” Sasha sighs and crosses her arms.

  “Its not his fault! It was crowded and you know how easy it is for Martin to go missing” Jon shakes his head.

  “He lied to us and said he was going to meet up with you! We had to go around ttrying to find him” Gerard puts a hand on Jon’s shoulder and the man calms down a bit not before giving him a sour look.

  “Both are right ok? Anyways, where is he by the way? I wanted to give him a few poetry books i found on the way here” Jon shakes his head and starts rumaging on his shoulder bag.

  “Right, i also got him some tea leaves that i think he will enjoy-” Elias feels like he is intruding but at the same time he needs to know. So? He tries to see into their heads. On Gerards case it completely bounces off. Which sets him on edge, but in Jon’s-

  …

  Huh?

  ?????

  There is a blank. He can review most of his memories, the man doesn't seem none the wiser on it, but from a certain point his memories seem.... odd. Almost fabricated, mostly his childhood ones, at some point they feel normal but if Elias retraces them he can see a few inconsistencies.

  His parents… died? His dad due to an accident and his mom on an illness, his grandmother took him in to live in the tower to keep him… safe? From- And then even Jon is not sure. She tries to say that the world was cruel and dangerous and she was trying to keep her only family safe. But if felt fake, her care was fake. She constantly belittled him and manipulated him.

  Could it…

  Could it be that the mother of spiders did this? If Annabelle knew where the missing prince was, it meant that she had him. What if she wanted to have his allegiance, giving a fake memory to keep him on her side.

  But most importantly, if Jon doesn't know… if his memories tell him otherwise! 

  He won't try to steal his place, he won't try to- He is no one. As long as he believes the fake memories are real and he doesn't push to find the truth, then he is no threat to Elias' reign.

  Elias can't help the huge grin on his face, he will need to keep them out of the castle to not jog any memory. But that is easy, even Sasha doesn't stay there, she only visits Timothy. And if they intend to leave soon then he is safe.

  So no castle and no Gertrude, she will like Elias figure out who he is in an instant. 

  Clearly he missed part of the conversation because Sasha calls his name.

  “Yes? Sorry I spaced out for a moment, what did you say?” She gives him a worried look that confuses him.

  “I asked you if you felt alright, everyone drank a lot yesterday and I was worried…” Oh right.

  “Yes, yes I'm fine. i took a hangover potion so my head doesn't hurt” She put her weight from one foot to the other, her friends were looking at them with expressions of confusion.

  “Ah yes, haha, I took one of my own as well. But i was wondering if you didn't feel odd in i don't know, any other way? I mean Pasha said you smelled fruity?” Not again.

  “It's the wine! Good lord, she already complained about the wine smelling like that in my office. Maxwell gave me a bottle and it fell to the ground, she must not like the smell” Her face does something complicated that turns to uncertainty.

  “It smelled like raspberries too?” He nods.

  “Oh, oh well. Um, say we will go to town, if you see Martin could you let him know where we went? I haven't seen him since yesterday” Elias agrees, albeit he asks her about some of her products, which seems to cheer her up because apparently.

  “We got her a bunch more of ingredients” Jon started to talk about the properties of several plants that Elias also knew about. As it is, they both ended up conversing on the properties of unicorn hair for protective spells and ectoplasm samples. Something that Sasha also seemed to have opinions about. Gerard knew a lot too, but he seemed happier listening to all of them talk about what they knew. When teased by Sasha he shrugged and said that he learned most of what he knew from his mother.

  “It helps, but i didn't want it, she forced me to” Ah Mary, awful woman. Elias also sees a familiar cat looking at him with its yellow eyes.

  “Oh! Twilight there you are” Jon scratches her chin while Gerard smiles and puts an arm around Jon’s shoulders.

  … A couple right. Good to know.

  “Its a very cute cat…” It rolls on its back and Jon pets her even more.

  “She is! She belongs to Gerry, but she seems to have taken a shine to me and Sasha” Of course, bright and curious, the perfect combination for his patron. All three of them had knowledge, seeked it in different ways, no wonder they had a familiar. He is surprised it would share.

  
    THEY ARE ALL GOOD PUPILS
  

  
    SO ARE YOU, BUT AGAIN YOU WERE KIND OF BORING, STAGNANT EVEN.
  

  
    NOW YOU ARE SO MUCH FUN AND THEY ARE… TOO, BUT THEY ARE GOOD AND ITS A BIT BORING TO SEE ALL THE TIME. 
  

  
    CHAOS AND ITS RAMIFICATIONS ARE FAR MORE ENTERTAINING TO PROCESS.
  

  Shaking his head he laughs at a joke on time and he keeps to himself what he knows.
 
  Finally he sees them walk towards the town, and once they are off, he is running around trying to find Peter. Now he needs an opinion for sure, he quickly goes to the forest to find the fairies and ask if they have seen him. But when he gets there the place looks-

  Abandoned? There is no one, no animals, no fairies, pixies, fungus creatures. Nothing, the place is empty. He walks around and it's unnerving to be honest, every single time he came by the place was full of life and sound, but now? It was deadly quiet. He calls out for Peter but no one responds, he calls out for any of the creatures he usually sees but no one is there.

  Elias is alone.

  He looks everywhere but he finds no one. Well, at least that's what he thought, after closer inspection he finds some creatures but they are all sleeping, and no matter how much sound he makes? Not a single one of them wakes up.

  The weird part is that some of them looked like they were about to start their day but fell asleep halfway through. He calls out to the magic forest but no one comes.

  It fills him with a sense of despair and loneliness, Elias feels… bitter and betrayed out of nowhere and he can't quite explain why. They aren't his feelings; it's like something coming out of the environment, it's so permitting and downright oppressive it's hard to not feel it as if it was his own.

  With shaky legs he walks back, only when he is out of the forest and back in the castle grounds he starts to feel normal again. Something bad happened there but he doesn't know what and it worries him a lot.
 
  He keeps trying to find Peter but its no use, he is not in the castle, the forest or the beach. The town could be an option, but Elias has no way to walk there without being spotted and instantly being assaulted with people looking or talking to him. Fuck, what does he do?

  Without many options he goes to look for Tim, perhaps he knows something. However when he locates him he is talking with Simon. With a forced smile he goes towards them and greets the older king while asking Timothy for his help with something.

  “Are you ok? Is it bad? Do you feel alright?” What?

  “Wha- yes im fine! No, it's not bad, I just wanted to know if you saw Mr Foster anywhere. I have something to ask him, but I haven't seen him anywhere” His face turns from concerned to puzzled.

  “No, I didn't see him either. Pasha told me that Mr Foster asked her to stay with me. But he never explained to her where he was going, why? Did something happen?” Simon gives him a curious and excited look.

  “No, no, it's just… I wanted to know where he got the outfit from yesterday and discuss some things with him. But I suppose I will have to wait it out! That's all. Ah yes, Sasha went to town, her… friends arrived and are with her. If you see Martin let him know she hasn't spoken to him since yesterday. Also where is Pasha?” Tim nods.

  “Oh. Um, she is playing a spy game! She hides around and I have to figure out who or what she is! I was trying to find her before I met up with Mr Fairchild, now if you gentlemen excuse me…” Tim hesitates but he goes away. Simon for his part looks at the man go before turning towards Elias.

  “So… Mr Foster huh? Is that the man from yesterday? You two were very close… and Pasha dear! I heard her call him dad, what is up with that-” Elias checks with his magic that they are completely alone and then grabs Simon’s wrist to drag him to an empty room.

  “Jonathan is here” The smile on the other king falls off his face.

  “Excuse me?” Without Peter at hand he needs to rant, and Simon knows of the prophecy. So? His second best to get an opinion.

  “You heard me, Jonathan is here! I saw him, this man looks like an older version of the child in all those paintings! He has the same eyes and his memories are all scrambled up, its like someone inserted a new narrative to fit their wishes. I think-” Elias paces with his hands behind his back glaring at the floor.

  “I think that whatever took him, put him under the influence of the mother of webs. That they gave him fake memories and a fake grandmother to keep him in place. He was raised in a tower close enough to Opperior that he could see the lanter show every year.” That would draw his eye to the outside world.

  “If I were them, Annebelle or the spider… I would raise him close by so he would become curious, so one day he can be released and because he feels loyalty to his “grandmother” he would do as she wanted and infiltrate the place to finally please her! A perfect manipulation, years of gaslighting and destroying him emotionally slowly by never being enough so he always tries to do what's right, a martyr complex from childhood” 

  God, then one day he appears here and challenges him for his spot as king, Annabelle gets a puppet king with Jon and extends her power all over Opperior. Elias stops walking and just looks to the wall.

  “But something went wrong then?” Nodding he turns to Simon.

  “He escaped, left, or whatever without them knowing, he travels with Gerard, then Sasha and finally Martin. He makes friends with other people who like him feel inferior but raises his self confidence. He is mostly free” Oh fuck what to do now. If he remembers, Jon becomes a threat. If he doesn't he can go and live his life outside the kingdom without issue.

  “Well that's a conundrum, i take it plainly killing him won't do?” It would but…

  “Gerard and Sasha are the main problems, the boy has powerful magic, Sasha is Tim’s friend, if i lose her he will rebel from me” Or more realistically he will hate Elias and… he likes Tim. He is his friend of sorts, he could become an even better general than Gertrude one day.

  Fuck!

  “So… pay him off? Make him leave so he doesn't remember? Strengthen whatever they did to him so his memories never come back?” 

  The first will tip him off, the second one is likely but if anything happens and he remembers Elias is screwed the third…

  “That last one could work, but again it could also backfire, best i can do is make sure he doesn’t remember anything and let him go” Simon frowns but comes closer and pats his shoulder.

  “In any case I think you might be overreacting. You have the support of several kingdoms, you are a rather good ruler, I'm fairly sure that if it came out no one would try to replace you” And perhaps.

  “Maybe at first, but Jonathan being here means that some people could side with him, those who feel like I'm not doing a good job or who were loyal to the original  royal family. It's a risk, I can't let that break the land apart. Not only that but he came around the worst possible time! This is the worst thing that could happen. Not even talking about the prophecy, he could cause my death. My decisions are what will decide my fate!” He won't die, not because of him. He refuses.

  “Then… treat him well? Perhaps you are looking at this the wrong way, if he thinks you are “friends” then maybe he can be swayed. She said your decisions are what marks your future, then being friendly will have a better result then?” And it's… the best he can hope for now isn't it?

  “Maybe you are right, maybe like that I can get a good ending?” Simon nods and pats him twice before stepping back.

  “Now you avoided my question, who is this Mr Foster-” Elias laughs nervously and walks to the door.

  “Oh I have no time now Simon, I must go check a few things. I will see you at dinner. If you excuse me-” A  hand shuts the door he was trying to open.

  “I just want to know, you were always so against love and now… well yesterday you reminded me of me and my Titania. You will forgive me for being curious about it” Count to ten, you can do it Elias, answer.

  “He is a friend I made, he is also Pasha’s adoptive dad. I met her because of him to be honest. He is also a very private person and I respect that so can you let me go now Simon?” He hears him make a non committed noise.

  “My darling Titania says he seemed familiar and I agree. Albeit i can't pinpoint why” For fucks sake-

  “Simon i don't want to offend you, but you are 500 years old, Titania is… god i have no idea, are you sure you aren't just mixing it up with someone you knew in all that time?” That has him pull his hand away and let him open the door.

  “Maybe, maybe we just… maybe we just wanted to see him one more time and are imagining things. We would love to think the boy is happy even in his last moments” The cursed nephew, fuck.

  “I'm sorry for your loss, I am, but trying to dig at me for information on my friend is just pointless. Thank you for listening to me and your opinions truly. But I need to check a few things, ok?”

  “Yes, yes you may go, i will try to find my lovely stormy sky, she was feeling rather gloomy and i would love to keep her company” Thank god.

  “Good luck” Elias walks away and goes to his tower, he wants to think in peace about his next steps. When he gets there he takes the time to write a few pages worth of ramblings, he even adds more to the story he was making for Pasha to try and soothe his nerves.  It was late afternoon when the door opened and Duchess came in. She went and hid under the desk. She did that often so he paid it no mind. It must be...20 minutes later when a second uninvited guest makes his appearance.

  Albeit this one he wanted to throw out of the window.

  “Elias” 

  “Maxwell, i will ask you to leave only once” He is tired of him, there is nothing to gain from being close to this bastard. The man has the gall to sigh, making him grit his teeth in fury.

  “Fake apologies will be meaningless, so instead I come to speak the truth to spare us the game. I have a reason for my behaviour besides my… predilection for you.” Ugh he makes it sound so slimy when he says it like that.

  “I don't care! Go away now” Maxwell remains where he is and shakes his head.

  “A year and a half ago I was summoned by Annabelle. She told me a prediction of my future, I wanted to know about my reign and… about a few arrangements we had that was her answer. Point is what she told me shook me quite badly, because it meant… It meant the end of my reign” Elias stares at him and tries to gauge if he was being played, if he chose some fake narrative so he would feel pity. It must show in his face because he rolls his milky white eyes and takes out a scroll, he puts it on top of his desk and steps back towards the middle of the room.

  “Read if you don't believe, it's her handwriting and the royal seal, you know her magic” He does, and it is. Weak but it's still there.

  Elias opens it up and reads, it's not long, the message that is, but it is important.

  
    Maxwell, i predict that your reign will come to an end, at the front of it it's the king of Opperior. 
  

  
    A marriage 
  
  
    will fix it, if Elias marries, your place will remain. 
  

  
    Keep calm and cool and do not interfere, wait only and things will go swimmingly.
  

  
    Rejection will cost you your life.
  
 
  He reads and re-reads and tries to find anything else. A marriage? She even highlighted that part in particular.

  
    A marriage….
  

  “So you understand now my… attitude. When you showed interest by sending me letters I thought that Annabelle was right! Then you kept hesitating and frocliking around… and well I admit I panicked” The man's face is deadly serious, he sees him play with his rings and Elias is quickly trying to figure out something. 

  
    A m a rri ag e, but never with wh om
  

  Exactly. That's what was bothering him.
“Maxwell… Did you ever consider that this meant that I had to marry, but not necessarily you? It says that if I marry only, it doesn't specify it has to be you. It would explain why it said that you should not do anything but wait” It doesn't make him forgive any of his transgressions but it does make him understand a bit the insistence. This was a prediction, Elias was trying to survive a prophecy.
  Predictions can be changed, but prophecies can not.

  “Look I am still very mad at you, but I am willing to bury the hatchet for now. Because If i'm right all you have to do is wait for me to marry that's all. No more trouble or issues ok?” His face remains cold.

  “You see i understand that, but i do like you Elias, regardless of any prediction” Feeling very uncomfortable but feeling at least a bit safe at being behind his desk and at a distance he smiles politely and rolls back the scroll.

  “I understand as well, but I don't think a union would be good for us. I do not… feel the same, I wish for a political marriage only and I believe that will upset you” Maxwell tilts his head to the side, the room starts to dim down, the sun is going down and shadows are slowly appearing on the walls.

  They looked menacing.

  “It does, and I am sure it's because of that plebian of yours. Well, I suppose there is nothing else to do, I can't quite force you to marry me. But honestly? It's a shame I would have told you a few magic secrets I have, you know? The kings of Erebus have… their own special magic or well more like its transfer between them. I'm sure you would have loved to hear all about it. Regardless it is what it is” The dark dressed man comes closer and picks up his scroll, putting it back in one of his inner pockets.

  “You would have looked splendid in black and silver” Smiling ruefully he shakes his head a bit.

  “Correction, I would look splendid in anything but… thank you I suppose. For being honest at last” Maxwell nods.

  “Albeit can i ask one thing of you?” It can never be easy can it?

  “Depends on what it is” Better cut this short.

  “May I have… one kiss from you? That's it, I won't bother you ever again after that. I’ll just have to hear about your little marriage with the prince of Mooreland later on” 

  “I will have to decline, considering what you did yesterday at the party” Maxwell winces.

  “I overreacted. I just saw you two and I went a bit… mad” Crossing his arms Elias stares him down.

  “Please? Its all i want. I will be out of your hair in just a few days” He doesn't want to and he refuses to budge.

  “How about I tell you a secret in exchange? You love those” 

  “I don't think there is anything you may tell me that is worth it” He sees him smirk at him, oh god he does look like an evil magician doesn't he?

  “How about this, i know the secret of eternal life that doesn't involve eating fairy food” That makes him look at him head on.

  “Bullshit” He has to call him out, Maxwell steps back and laughs.

  “Feisty, but no, it's true. I will tell you in exchange for that kiss” There has to be a trap somewhere.

  “I think a kiss is not worth that kind of secret, what's the catch?” The dark king rolls his shoulders and sighs.

  “Nothing, a kiss for a truth. That's it, so? What do you say?” Its so tempting, so very tempting…

  Elias is curious by nature, it's what has pushed him all these years to learn more and more.

  “Deal, the truth and then the kiss” His companion smirks.

  “Excellent i expected nothing else” Standing up he waits for the taller man to step closer.

  “So? What is the truth?” The man’s face looks positively gleeful.

  “Do you know why all kings take the mantle of Maxwell Rayner?” What kind of question..

  “Its a title it's passed on for generations”

  “Not quite 300 years ago that's when it started. The king's youngest son instated it at the suggestion of his teacher Edmund. The man passed away and the boy took his teachings to heart” Maxwell was still so very close to him, Elias remains still, he wants to know where this is going, despite the discomfort. 

  “You see Edmund was a scholar and he studied dark magic, a collegage threw him into a dark magic pond, because he hated him. But Edmund came back. He taught the prince well. He took to it very well. But you see Maxwell Rayner was a nickname that the man who tried to kill Edmund called him to mock him” Ok…?

  “So he told the prince to call him that to basically own it?” Maxwell laughs and nods, his hand grabs his upper arm lightly. Elias doesn't like this one bit.

  “More or less, but what Maxwell realized was that the pond gave him something unbelievable. A gift from the dark gods themselves. A way to keep on living” Something is not right, the room becomes darker and this time the shadows move.

  “And he used it! Edmund died, but Maxwell lived. And the prince? The real prince died too, only his body remained, moving out of the will of someone else” 

  Oh. Oh no.

  
    Oh god.
  

  “No” And Maxwell, or more like Edmund smiles at him.

  “Yes, over and over again he kept jumping, sometimes he became the advisor, sometimes he became king again. But Maxwell Rayner was always there. You can imagine how frightening hearing that my life will end because of you was. 300 years and your choice in a husband is what does me in. Well! Kind of I'm sure we can finally solve that handsome” Before he can say anything the man leans down and kisses him. He grabs his arm and hip and keeps him in place. After a moment he stops and steps back looking at him with a gleeful expression.

  “So… about that marriage?” Oh hell no. Elias slaps him.

  “Out, OUT!!” He should feel some vindictive fun about the face of pure confusion and panic on Maxwell, but at the moment Elias is reeling too much to appreciate it for what it is. He has been body snatching people this entire time.

  On the one hand that is very, very clever. But on the other-

  His memories of Jonah are blurry but he can recall with perfect clarity that he researched how to do something similar to avoid his death. Jonah even found a possible solution, but his ritual came first and it was too late. Theoretically his plan had been to pick an adult and switch their eyes. Elias has no idea if that would have worked in practice, but that's not the point.

  All the kings and advisors of Erebus ascend when they are 15. That means Maxwell has been stealing kids' bodies this entire time. 

  “What the bloody hell is your problem! Get out” Elias steps back and the room starts to become dark. 

  “Why didn't it work? Why are you not-?!” He sees him stop and narrow his eyes, he suddenly has some sort of recognition.

  “You love him and he loves you back. Oh no, no you both aren't ruining everything i worked for!” Elias was about to yell when something glows, both turn to look to the ground where Duchess has a green glow around her. Elias hears something moving in the walls and Maxwell grabs his head in pain.

  “What the-?” Elias gasps and steps back, the walls, the paintings, the eyes all start to move and become real. 

  A voice comes from the owl-beast who jumps to the desk.

  You are not born of royal blood, the body is but not the person inside.

  Leave at once, your darkness cannot beat us here. We are the heart and this place is our home. The glow became more and more bright making the shadows hiss, literally hiss in pain!

  “FUCK” Maxwell makes a panicked retreat to the door.

  “Oh and Maxwell? Opperior is not going to make any more business with you. Screw you” Fury, that's what he sees reflected on his face. Sheer fury and indignation.

  LEAVE

  He slams the door and its just them, Elias slumps in his chair and grabs his face.

  “It wouldn't have worked then?”

  No

  “Why not tell me sooner! Why let me even consider him an option!”

  We didn't know, he was shrouded in darkness, the moment he admitted it, the moment he revealed the truth to you we could see an opening for more. We are sorry.

  God fucking dammit. He is so tired…

  “What now?” Duchess stares at him.

  You keep going, things are wrapping up, I'm sorry. 

  “Jon? He is isn't he?”

  Yes, he is. 

  “Fuck you, you knew that this entire time, you could have told me months ago!” The room feels like its spinning and the eyes on the walls all stare at him.

  Don't disrespect us, you know better. We watch Elias, but sometimes things are set in a certain way. We could not interrupt, merely see what happens, what conclusions you come up with. You are so close to the biggest one, but you keep denying it on purpose, it's going to hurt more when it's shoved to your face.

  “What do you mean! I made a contract with you to know. YET YOU NEVER TELL ME ANYTHING USEFUL WHEN I NEED IT!!”

  His patron stares at him from his companion’s eyes.

  “What am I missing? What happened to the fairies in the forest!? Where-” He takes a deep breath. “What is wrong with Peter?” Elias learned to lie to himself, to ignore what is in front of him.

  He can't do that forever, he knows that there is something up with the man, has known for months, knows that there are things he doesn't tell him. About his siblings, about his sudden coughing fits, about what is up with him and Simon.

  He knows there is something up, Elias thought he could ignore it, but as he realized with Maxwell not knowing something could be dangerous.

  …Enter the wagon where Martin and Sasha stay, check under Martin’s bed. 

  It was fun while it lasted to see you scramble around, but the more it keeps going like this the worse the hit will be. And despite everything? I am rooting for you both, he will not say it, so you will have to make him.

  I am sorry.

  The glow goes away and Duchess looks startled at him. When he starts to wipe his eyes a bit she jumps to his lap and rubs her beak into his arm. Elias pets her softly.

  “I'm not mad at you, I know it's not your fault” She makes a meowl and he laughs mirthlessly.

  “Thank you” 
 
  He doesnt go to have dinner with the others, in fact he claims he feels tired and eats in his room. He uses his magic to check and sees that Sasha is still out with Jon and Gerry, now joined by Tim. Elias tries to locate Pasha and finds her with Helen on a corridor, she was taking her to Peter’s room.

  Elias takes some time and eventually makes his way to the wagon. Getting in is easy, inside he sees Twilight look at him making him swallow nervously. She looks to a messy bed, pointing to where he needs to look.

  With a nervous sigh he kneels down and reaches under it. There he finds a bag, opening it he sees a journal and a few scattered papers. He checks the journal, but its mostly…

  
    Poetry.
  

  Ah, must be Martin’s then.

  There was a map with crossed over places and a few names and question marks. Nothing he can recognize. Finally there is a roller over one, he doesn't expect to find anything useful there.

  Of course he is wrong.

  Elias gasps and drops it, his hands shake as he hesitantly traces the wanted poster and the face on it. It was a carbon copy of the real deal.

  
    Wanted Alive:
  

  
    Prince Peter Lukas of Mooreland.
  

  
    Reward-
  

  The reward is a fortune.

  Prince.

  Prince, prince, prince-!?

  He-

  ….He lied.

  He lied to him the entire time.

  Elias stares at the paper and feels like someone punched him in the chest taking all the air away from him.

  He puts everything back in place and takes the wanted poster with him.

  The cat watches him go. 

  It wonders if it things will end in tragedy or not.

  
  
  
  
  

  Martin sits and waits near the trees in the garden, a yellow door opens.

  “Hellooo?”

  “Hey Micheal” The man sits next to him and looks to the castle. A breeze moves the grass and Micheals hair, but Martin can't feel it. It passes right through him. Months ago he could but the illness got worse. And he is at his last, working on fumes.

  Even if he dies he wants to at least do one thing right and… and help his friends.

  “Are you sure about it? You saw the little king, you saw them together” Martin scoffs, maybe he would feel bad about it months ago, but the numbness spread too much and besides.

  “So? Its his fault that everything is so bad, it's the royal family's fault that Mooreland is a death trap and that we are all doom, ever since he escaped like- like a rat! Everyone’s lives got worse, at this rate everyone will drop dead. No, he deserves this, as for Elias… tough luck, he chose a liar and a monster” Micheal stays quiet for a few minutes, then he starts to laugh.

  “Bitter much? Everyone gets love except for you, how is the crush going?” He scowls at him.

  “That bad huh? That's what happens when you fall for someone who is already in love” His feelings for Jon… he knows that they will never be reciprocated.

  “Doesn't matter, even then I want them to… have something they want to succeed at this. So will you help me?” Micheal slices flowers with his fingers.

  “What do I win in return?” Martin looks to the blue peaceful sky.

  “Entertainment I suppose. Chaos even” And he waits.

  And Micheals smile twirls around in an unnatural and impossible way.

  “Then its a deal, you have my door at your disposal, quick travel and all that, now we wait then?” He sighs they wait, by his calculations the man should start to become incapacitated soon. 

  “Now we wait, I suppose not much longer” He hopes at least, it would be embarrassing if Martin became fog before he took him back and reclaimed the reward for his friends. Without his mother all the money would go to his friends, it's the last act Martin will commit to. So he soldiers on and clings to the living world, despite the ache and emptiness of his body.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  She loves them so much!

  Her memories are blurry but she remembers that at least and she knows without a doubt that her dads love her back. She feels it and is sure of it!

  Which is why she wants them to be happy too, wants them to be together like the fragmented pieces of her memories show her. Wants to go and sneak into their bed at night to sleep all together again. Wants so many things…

  Eye is sad and daddy hides things. He looks at her with something like- like!

  … She doesnt know, the word was there before, but now its gone, since losing “Sasha” she became dumb. Lost a lot of things. Stupid and silly…

  But eye doesn't like it when she says bad things about herself, he wants her to be happy. He loves her even if he misses how she was. Even if everyone does, Pasha cannot be exactly like she was, she doesn't think it will ever happen, but no one is mad. They understand and try to keep up with her now!

  Its nice and warm and like a family should be.

  She is not a real little girl, no more than she was before, but its enough for everyone. They care for the Pasha that is.

  
  

  In the tower she smells something fruity, Eye doesn't understand, it is wrong, there is something wrong with it despite the sweet smell.

  Daddy knows something is wrong too, but he can't seem to get it either. It's frustrating.

  Speaking of him-

  Pasha knows there is something wrong with daddy, at night he will get up and cough up a lot in the bathroom, he will come back and he will shiver in bed, but when she and Captain stay close to him and cuddle he stops. He hums a song, a very sad song, the words are sad and bittersweet. 

  She stays still and quiet, he doesn't want her to know, so she stays like this and offers what little comfort she can.

  
  

  The party is pretty and she loves it! Her Eye look so so good and so does her daddy!!!! But… but the fruity smell is back and now her Lie has it in his mouth. 

  Wrong, wrong so wrong!

  So he tells Sasha and Timmy, they won't understand, but she has to.

  Yet- YET

  Sasha, sweet smart curious Sasha believes her. She knows it's wrong and she tells them as much.

  “Are you sure it smelled like Raspberries?”

  “Oh Sash come on im sure its the wine-”

  “Yes! The one the dark one gave him the other day and got spilled on the floor smelled like that too” Sasha looked upset.

  “Sash?”

  “There is a potion that looks exactly like wine, the taste is similar, the only difference is the smell and taste of raspberries. The thing it's banned in every kingdom” Pasha looks nervously at them.

  “Will Lie get sick? Is he ok?? What does- what does Pasha do!” Sasha looks at her and smiles.

  “It lasts 24 hours only, the only thing we have to make sure of is that no one kisses him during that time” Timmy starts to look very agitated.

  “Why? What happens? What potion?” 

  “A love potion of course. The flower needed for it can only be found in deep dark caves or in Erebus, that's the why of the taste and smell”

  Timmy looks like he wants to fight someone, Pasha is afraid of her lie.

  “Then, then what do we do for Lie?! What if- if he gets hurt or” She almost starts to cry but Timmy picks her up and soothes her.

  “It will be fine, you heard Sasha its temporary and if no one kisses him… albeit say if the two people who kiss reaaaaaally love each other?” Sasha snorts.

  “Then it stops working and negates the effects. True love always beats that kind of magic as cliche and cheesy as it sounds. Two people already in love kissing would merely cancel the power and do nothing” So if daddy and Lie kiss…

  She turns to Timmy who gives her a huge grin.

  “Then that won't be a problem then, now… we can't exactly let Maxwell get away with this. He tried before and failed and now he has him drink that. That's terrible and illegal”

  “Yes, but without proof, concise proof we got nothing!” Sasha is right, so Pasha bites her lip and swishes her tail in thought.

  “Well! Well he had a bottle and he gave Lie now some more, he must have more? So if we find it we can tell ummm… scary lady Gertrude?”

  “It could work…” Tim looks indecisive. 

  “Pasha can try to sneak around to find it!” 

  “No/Absolutely not!” Both of them speak at the same time, making her ears droop. Tim holds her up better.

  “Hey kiddo, the man is clearly bad, and your dad will be furious if anything happens to you ok? We will investigate on the side, don't worry we will keep Elias safe. It is after all my duty and job to protect the king as his knight in shining armor huh?” Pasha giggles at the silly tone he makes and nuzzles his face.

  “Kay”

  Pasha lies of course, she will play spy helping as she can. 

  
  

  The party was fun, the shadows scared her, but then she found her daddy and Lie and it was all alright. They play and dance and- and- She is beloved.

  Her family is there with her and she couldn't be happier.
 
  Her daddy acted off the next morning, he looked exhausted and tired and very very sad.

  “Sad foggy? Sad foggy bad, Pasha loves happy foggy dad! Did Pasha do something wrong? Is daddy sad because of me? Oh no, Pasha is sad too now…” She starts to weep and he holds her up humming the song. She was still a kid.

  “No, its not you. You didn't do anything, i'm just… yes i am sad, but i can't do much about it. I-” And he chokes up, she knows what he wants to say.

  “SSS ok daddy i know, Pasha loves you back lots and lots! As- as much as how big the kingdom is and- and more than chocolate, yummy memories and Opal” he takes a deep breath and kisses her forehead.

  “Be good ok? Be good to Tim and Elias, yes? Make sure they behave” She will.

  “Pasha will! She will protect them and daddy too! So we can all be together and happy” Peter makes a strangled noise that she has no time to parse as he hugs her close and takes her to the door. 

  “I will see you at night ok?” She nods and smiles brightly at him.

  “Yes daddy! Love you a lot” Peter pats her head and closes the door letting her run to where Timmy is.

  
  
  

  She tricks Timmy. Pasha asks to play spy so she can hide out while he looks for her, he lets him win a few rounds but then she makes a swift escape, taking on her goopy shape she slides over the wall and moves sticking on top of the ceiling. She will find the thingy, the evil dark one wont hurt her Lie. She promised to protect him and look after him and Pasha will.

  No matter what!

  
  

  His room is stinky of bad stuff, its all wrong and bad and she doesn't like it. Pasha turns into a kid, like this she can use her hands to open stuff and look for the fruity smell. She only needs to find it so she can tell Sasha and Timmy if she does, they tell the scary lady and she will kick out the dark bad one!

  Hopefully.

  It takes her a while, truly but she does find the smell, it was hidden away under the bed, inside a box. Pasha doesn't open it, merely smells it. Yes, YES!

  That's the thing, the raspberry smell is there. Now she must tell Sasha and- She hears the handle move, quickly she turns into her goopy form and attaches herself to the underside of the bed. She didn't touch much, merely tracked by smell. Pasha was terrified of it being the bad one, but instead she sees familiar and safe shoes. The maid!

  Carefully she drops down and goes towards her, quickly attaching herself to her back and changing shape to match her clothes. 
 
  Finally she runs off when the woman is by the main hall. 

  Tim finds her first and scolds her, but she excitedly tells him she followed the smell.

  “You want to get me killed if anything happens to you Elias will murder me kid”

  “No, Lie, likes Timmy, now we can help Eye! Tell the scary lady and-” He takes her to where grandma Titania is.

  “Say your highness? Do you mind looking after the bundle of joy? I have official work to do” Gran gran smiles and picks her up.

  “Delighted” 
 
  She likes her, and Simon, and Rosie and Taddy. She likes all of them!

  “Boop!” Pasha holds onto her finger and she laughs.

  “Cute little one. Child, can I tell you a story?” Pasha nods, she loves stories! Titania sits and places her on her lap.

  “So once upon a time there were two fairies who were best friends! They travelled a lot and saw so many people. The sky one fell in love and so she made her home far away from her friend. It made her sad, but she visited often. Her foggy friend was eccentric and cheerful and through the years the sky one realized she loved her too. Her partner knew and was ok with it”

  “Ohhh, did he love her too?” She shakes her head.

  “He liked her as a friend only, but that's ok. Thing is, her friend got into trouble and had to stay in one place, but she couldn't leave and the sky that connected them couldn't be seen where she was. Both were upset of course!”

  “Sad….” Gran nods and scratches her a bit.

  “Yes, so years passed. Then one day her friend who had been so sad looked alive again! She found something to love, she found a little child to love and care for as if he was her own. And time passed but the boy was unlucky and got sick. The foggy friend tried everything to fix it, but nothing worked. And the boy left to a destiny unknown, breaking her heart” Pasha rolls around and has a few tears.

  “So sad…”

  “Yes, sad. The sky fairy and her parent loved the boy too as if he was their own as well and they were very distraught at not seeing him again”

  “Pasha is sorry for the sky lady and foggy lady, she hopes they meet up again” Grandma smiles sadly at her.

  “I do too, you know, when you look like a kid you remind me a lot of the boy. He was also tiny, had black hair and freckles”

  “Pasha looks like her dads! And a bit of Sasha and Helen too. I have to add something from Timmy too but Pasha doesn't know what yet” Titania makes a thinking face.

  “Oh! He has a mole on his neck, maybe that?” Thats right! He does, she can add that so they match.

  “Thanks gran gran” 

  “A pleasure, now Pasha dear, I have a question. What is your daddy’s name?”

  “Elias! But i like calling him Lie more” Titania makes a tch and tickles her “That is your dad, I mean your daddy? Yesterday you danced with him, he had a doggy mask”

  “Oh! Daddy yes i love him lots, but he is sad a lot… and he loves dad so much!!! He plays with Pasha and- and he gave her presents and her name… Daddy gave me a name. Can you believe it?! And he gave me a family necklace, it means… it means we are family and that is all Pasha wanted, Gran gran” Titania face is complicated and Pasha doesn't know what it means.

  “He cares about you”

  “He loves me even if he can't say it, Pasha knows he does, he holds her when she has nightmares and plays with her on the beach and the ship!”

  “Pasha dear… what is your daddy’s name?” Pasha’s tummy hurts and she feels dizzy.

  “His name? Uhh. Mmnot supposed to say…”

  “Did you promise not to?” Did she? 

  “Mno?” Titania nods at her. No one made her promise not to, she only heard that she wasn't supposed to.

  “But… What if I get in trouble? What if I make him sad? No, Pasha cant, won't hurt her dad, sorry gran gran, please don't hate me?” That's when her smile softens up and she looks sad.

  “I won't hate you dear. I apologize for pushing you. Do you want to go get cake with me?” Pasha nods.

  Her gran looks sad and eventually Pasha feels bad.

  “Pasha will say if Titania the sky fairy queen promises to not tell anyone or do anything to her dads” The woman looks at her and Pasha shivers, she is small and insignificant no one will care if she disappears-

  “Sorry dear, I sometimes forget how small everyone is. I Titania of the sky, Queen of the sky fairies swear to keep my oath to you, Pasha the changeling” They both feel the magic coursing around.

  “Ok, ok my daddy’s called Peter Foster. So i'm Pasha Foster” She waits for a reaction, good or bad from her. Titania looks blankly ahead.

  “Gran?” 

  “He loves Elias?” Pasha blinks.

  “Yes” Pasha remembers very little and her time together is short, but she can see it clearly as day. “Yes he loves dad so much…” Finally her grandma smiles at her.

  “Good, maybe… maybe things can finally end well”

  She has no idea what it means, but her gran offers her a cookie and more stories so it's fine?
 
  Helen picks her up, Tim tells Helen to stay with Pasha since he has a lot of work with a scary lady.

  “How about he have some fun and then i tell you a story before you go to sleep hm darling?” Nodding they go to play by the beach, then eat dinner and her aunty makes her wash her teeth and nestle on the pillow next to her dads. Pasha hasn't seen Captain all day, Daddy must have taken him with again. 

  Her aunt tells her a story her dad used to tell her, and Pasha finally falls asleep dreaming of jumping clouds and going to the beach with her family.

  
  
  

  She wakes up to the sound of the door opening and a familiar voice cursing stepping over a toy.

  “Daddy?” 

  “Sorry doll” She curls up and waits for him to change and crawl into bed, Captain is placed next to her. Eventually all three are in bed.

  “Had fun today… I played spy, ate cookies, gran told me stories and so did Helen” Peter breathes in and out.

  “That's good, i'm glad” Turning around she stares at her dad.

  “Are you ok?” He doesn't answer. “Daddy?”

  “I'm sorry Pasha” Huh?

  “About what?”

  “Just… I am sorry kid, I hope one day you forgive me” She has no idea what he means only knows that he sounds hurt and scared.

  “I forgive you, i love you!” She crawls around and turns into a child to hug him better. Peter turns to his side and hugs her close, mumbling a few more apologies, she has no idea why she feels so sad.

  “Can you hum me the song?” He nods and does. Its still sad, but its also comforting, it means someone loves you. She falls asleep holding Peter.

  When the morning comes she is alone in the room. 

  
    Chapter Text
    Elias can’t sleep, he dozes off at times, but wakes up startled every time. The complete hurt, fury and confusion about the revelation of Peter's identity doesn't let him relax at all in fact it leaves him anxious and upset.Peter lied to him about something significant, on the one hand if he ran away from his home, telling a stranger is a terrible idea so he can understand that at the beginning of their time together he would not say anything, he gets it. That he can forgive.But!After all these months, after everything they went through, he never mentioned anything? Did he even plan to ever let him know? He heard him say that he wanted to marry someone of royal descent!!… Could he perhaps take that as Elias wanting to marry only for power? That he would just stay with whoever was more convenient and he felt hurt by it? Did he assume that Elias would only want him for his position and not for himself?The more he thinks about it, the more it eats at him! Not only that but when Elias starts to actually analyze their time together and Peter’s talks about his childhood and family- Hell his relationship with Simon!  Oh god  , the uncle he keeps mentioning  is Simon, isn't it? The one that is not related to him, but that took care of him most of his childhood. It all makes sense now! Then-Then there are the parts of the story that make no sense, Tadeas for example, did he lie for Peter? They saw each other! Was that the reason why they acted so odd? If that's the case then that means he lied to Elias about something important too.There is also the matter of Aaron’s letters! He talked about his older brother being sick. Which well, perhaps if Peter ran away then Aaron was told to not mention it to Elias and had to lie about it. A runaway prince is not a good look, especially for a kingdom looking to make an alliance after being isolated for so long-Wait.
   No. 
Elias blinks and then realizes the biggest contradiction of them all!!! Peter’s siblings were here too. Then that means-!?His thoughts were racing, that means the letters he got were fake? Or was there something else going on? Is that why the queen sent Tadeas? Did she fake them to get Elias to agree to a marriage despite having lost all her heirs? What was she even expecting then!!! What was the point? And what about Tadeas then? He lied too, he said that he would ensure him a marriage but if they were all here then that was just a bluff.Unless he was going to get them to come back? But he didn't know Peter was here, hell Peter didn't know his siblings were here until he saw them himself! The sailor told him that they left him alone with his mother a few years ago. That would mean those rumours he heard regarding the princesses and prince running away were real, and that Peter's response to it when he told him back when they first met was him being nervous about Elias finding out the truth.The paralyzing thought that he was lied to this whole time by several people and in fact was misled left him reeling. Peter knew and said nothing, he just led him on?Elias needed answers that he could not get himself. He did of course have options to get them.Find Tadeas and yell at him about the deception, go to the town and demand answers from Peter’s siblings, wake up Simon and tell him about Peter being there!!Finding Peter and giving him the worst scolding of his life.Yet he knows he can't quite do any of that, it leaves him restless and with spare energy he doesn't know how to spend.Asking Tadeas who was clearly covering for either Peter or the Queen would cause him to close off and leave him without any answers, Peter’s siblings ran away, who is to say they wouldn't just try to escape too if he stormed there? If Peter has magic they may as well.Plus, storming a shop in town with guards would look terrible.Simon for his part could be a good choice but Peter claimed he would send him back if he knew. Thing is he is not fully sure the old man would do that, but if he did… Elias would be left without an answer and he needs to know, to understand what the hell is going on with Peter bloody Lukas!!His dreams from what little he recalls are tinged with dread and anxiety. He wakes up early in the morning after a nightmare in which he sees Peter disappear between his fingers like fog, he couldn't do anything to stop it and the man looked resigned to it.Elias looks to the ceiling feeling like he swallowed lead, he stays in bed for a while just trying to pull himself together.
  
  
  
He was mad, but also relieved, because despite the anger and hurt this was also the perfect solution to their problems. Elias marries Peter, he doesn't even have to make him return to Mooreland or anything, he is of royal blood he can stay here and pretend to be Peter Foster.It would immediately solve his issue with marriage, keep them together and save Pasha. Simple and concise, he just needs to chew him a new one and understand the why of his deception, once he does that he can tell Tadeas off for his bluff!Or… or maybe it wasn't a bluff? The man seemed so sure that the “prince” would take him, did he mean Peter? Perhaps.Yet until he doesnt speak to the man, to his friend he won't know.Elias ignores the part of himself that is so hurt about not knowing, about being lied to by somebody he cares about, that he loves. In fact he refuses to acknowledge the fact that he doesn't know Peter as well as he thought and that he would keep something so important away from him.So he pushes all of that back and focuses on finding him. Elias goes directly to his room to intercept him, it is very early after all and he shouldn't have gotten out yet. At least he hopes he is in his room, but when he knocks on the door he is disappointed by seeing that only Pasha and Captain are there.“Eye?” She looked worried and it set him on edge so he smiled at her and asked if Peter was perhaps taking a shower or something. Her face turns conflicted and she shakes her head.“Daddy came to sleep here, but when i woke up he was gone” The little girl let him in to see for himself, there were clothes strewn around and the bed was unmade as if Peter woke up, changed and left. Pasha was holding Captain who seemed a bit disgruntled and kept shifting nervously. “Is there something the matter doll?” The child hugs Captain and mumbles something.“Pasha?”“Daddy was sad yesterday, he apologized to me and didn't say why” Her ears drop a bit and her face bubbles up a bit, as if she couldn't keep herself in check. Elias' anger subsides a bit at seeing her so upset so he kneels down and she runs up to hug him. She lets the poor cat go and clings to Elias.He brushes her hair back a bit, it still feels slightly off, like hair but not quite, but it's so Pasha he doesn't mind much the slight goosebumps it gives him.“Its ok, I will talk to him ok? I just need to find him, he probably did something dumb and is trying to avoid us out of embarassment” She shakes a bit but nods.“Pasha doesnt remember him do anything dumb? Foggy daddy was happy at the party! We all were... “ Yes he thinks a bit bitterly, they were happy, even if the man was lying to his face. Still he can't quite tell her that.He does ponder if she knew, if Peter told her or mentioned something to her. The realization that he could have told someone else but not him…. That he didn't trust him makes him infinitely angry and bitter.Elias' worst qualities are his jealousy and paranoia, this is not helping much.“Pasha… hey Pasha? I have a question, ok? It's ok if you don't know, I just want to make sure we are on the same page. Do you know… Has Peter ever mentioned his family to you? Has he said anything about where he came from?” She pulls back a bit so now he can see her face, she seems to be thinking very hard about it, biting her lip and frowning a lot.“Daddy only mentioned that he couldn't see his siblings, he didn't say anything about his mom or dad. Pasha didn't think to ask where daddy was from, she was just happy to have him around” Elias takes a deep breath and smiles, if he told her before she clearly forgot now and he didn't mention it again. So Pasha had no clue.“Ok princess, thank you” Elias also considered, even if it's not likely that perhaps it's a hoax, that maybe that wanted scroll was a fabrication. Confronting Martin would be complicated seeing as he is slippery as they come and no one had seen him in two days.So the next best thing he can hope for is plan b, find proof. Elias tells Pasha that if Peter is hiding, maybe they need to figure out where he is.“So i will look around here to see if i find a clue ok?”He hates how the lie tastes on his throat, usually he doesn't care about deceiving people, children are even easier to trick, but lying to Pasha who seems to trust him and take him for his word feels wrong somehow.“Oh!! So like a game? Can Pasha help?” Smiling albeit weakly he nods.“Tell me if you find anything suspicious, ok?” He wants to find something incriminating, something that will tell him that yes, Peter lied to him and he is the prince. He will be mad if he isn't and he finds out Elias was looking around his room, but its a small price to pay.He takes his time and looks around trying to find anything suspicious, Elias doesn't really succeed, Peter doesn't have many things. Mostly trinkets and clothes, a few books… He remembers the list he found hiding in a book so he takes the time to check for anything being hidden away.As it is he only finds the pictures that Peter took in their trip to Aella. One of the three of them and the other of Peter’s birthday party including Helen and Tim. On the back of them he sees he wrote the date of the pictures and a doodle of a smiley face. The birthday one has a small sentence.
   Happiest birthday. 
Despite his anger he feels sad, because from the stories Peter told him, his childhood was awfully lonely. He only had his nanny and Simon if his theory was correct. At some point it was so bad he just left his home, his kingdom to become no one, to be on his own without a name or anyone to fall back to rather than to stay. He stares a bit too long, because Pasha calls his attention and says she found a box under the bed. Elias picks it up and after hesitating opens it. Inside there were a few rocks, a dried up flower, a note asking him to join “them” on a game, a drawing of a pixie and an apology note saying something about being sorry about getting him hurt in sword practice.Finally there are two more pictures lying face down, with shaky hands he picks them up, the first one is a kick to the face, it is Simon and Titania, the man was giving her a kiss. From the perspective it looked as if the person who saw it was very small, a child probably.The second one takes him a moment to understand. When it clicks he turns to look at Pasha and then to the picture. Simon and Titania insisted that she reminded them of someone.The picture was of a painting depicting what he assumes must be all of Peter’s siblings with him. Like this is obvious what they meant, Pasha looks remarkably similar to the younger children of the picture, but especially Peter. On the back Peter wrote names only. Clara 16, Lydia 14, Judith 10 and Aaron 6. Peter didn't count himself there, but it was obvious it was him. “So! So did you find anything?” The royal Lukas family.“I did” He has to swallow down and bite back the angry reply “I did but it wont help, still thank you princess, let's put it back ok? I will try to look around the castle, maybe he is hiding around there” She picks up the box and puts it back in place under the bed, not before nodding and asking if she could help.“Sure, sure…” He was a bit too distracted by the utter confirmation of what he knew, but still held hope to be a lie.“And, maybe I can ask Timmy to help! And Helen” Tim and Helen….Elias jaw locks in place, did  they know? … Its not likely, Peter didn't tell  him ! Why would he tell the others then? No, its probably that they don't know anything. Yet-Yet now he can't stop thinking about it, what if? What if Elias was the only one out of the loop, Peter didn't trust him? He said he did, but this was confirmation of the opposite. “Let's go get something to eat first and then we go mm? How about that” Pasha nods and turns into her goopy shape, climbing to his shoulder and smiling at him. Elias, despite his inner turmoil, boops her and tries to leave, yet Captain clings to his pant leg meowing like crazy.It didn't want to be left alone.With a sigh he picks him up and decides to leave him with Duchess in his room, he will have places to play and company at the very least.
  
  
At the table he sees Agnes, Jack and Joshua who was practically falling asleep while sitting. The couple wave at him albeit they give him concerned looks. When Joshua slips up a bit and wakes up startled he turns towards him and blurts out-“You look like hell” Elias lips thin and he seems to catch onto what he said, since his face becomes red as a tomato “Im sorry! Im- im sorry, i slept very little i kept dreaming about- well i just had very awful dreams” Pasha settles on the table and starts to munch on a cookie and take sips of milk with honey.“Let's say that likewise I had a very bad night” Jack gives him a sympathetic look while Agnes has a more thoughtful one, she keeps giving him looks from time to time and it's making him very anxious. Yet she never says anything, her husband does small talk to try and keep Joshua awake and distract Elias a bit.Pasha joins in asking questions and the table is a bit more cheerful. Before they go to try and find Peter, Agnes stops him and asks if anything happened lately. He has a brief flash of what happened with Maxwell and now Peter. But he quickly dismisses it, she probably is curious about his exhausted look.“Nothing much truly, just a lot of… work and stress. I assure you I am fine” She doesn't seem to fully believe him, but she nods anyway.“Before we go tomorrow… Jack wanted to ask Peter for a few recipies apparently he heard him mention some kind of cake last time they were in the kitchen and he was curious…?” Elias' smile is stiff.“I am actually looking for him, seems like he is playing hide and seek lately”“Yeah! We will find daddy” Pasha waves at Agnes from his shoulder. The fire queen slowly waves back with a small half smile.“Oh, well, i hope you find him soon, if i see him i will let him know you are looking for him” He certainly hopes he can find him soon.“Thank you Agnes we appreciate it a lot” Nodding she goes back to meet up with Jack as Melanie, Georgie and Alfred come to the dining room, Elias nods at them and quickly goes to look for the missing sailor. Pasha eventually asks to be put down, she turns into a child and says she will look for Peter on her own.“That way we can do it faster Lie!” She is not wrong, but he does tell her to be careful. “Promise”She grins with her sharp teeth and lifts her pinkie, with a soft smile he holds it with his own and lets her go. He prays that they find the man so he can give him a piece of his mind and finally solve what is happening. Again he tries all around the castle to find Peter, uses as many paintings to try and see where he is, catches glimpses of Pasha moving around and asking some maids if they saw her dad to which everyone says no.The castle doesn't have Peter in it, next he tries the forest again, but like the day before everyone was asleep, it looked like they hadn't moved at all. The unnatural sigh makes him shiver and get goosebumps, he has no idea what did this to them and as of now he has no way to help them yet.He hesitantly goes back to the castle grounds to check on the beach but as the day before it is also empty. The ship looks as if no one had entered in a few days, making him wonder what happened to make Peter act like this, to avoid him and Pasha. By now his best bet was the town, but as proven before if he went on his own everyone would crowd him, Elias wouldn't be able to move freely. Due to the circumstances he curses Nikola for destroying the magic bracelet that helped him get away on his own. Elias was planning to ask Mikaele for a new one, but the man comes whenever he wants and its hard to get a hold of him at the best of times. So that will have to wait.His best bet is getting a potion to temporarily look like someone else for a few hours and sneak into town. With that in mind he goes to the only person he knows could give him such a thing in such a short notice. Finding Sasha is not that hard, his only issue is the fact that she is with her friends. They were at her wagon just hanging out, Jon was playing the lute while Gerry seemed to be sketching something. When Elias appears they wave and keep doing their own things. “Elias? What brings you here” Sasha smiles kindly at him, feeling a bit wrong-footed due to his mood and thoughts he attempts to play it cool despite his inner turmoil.“Oh nothing much, a purchase if you don't mind?” Nodding she goes inside the wagon and points to her collections.“What can I offer to you today, your highness?” He smiles a bit at her and does his request.“Do you have a potion to make you look like someone else? I need to go into town, but if i go looking like me I will be swarmed or need guards to come along. But I want to go and buy some gifts for Pasha and Peter on my own” Her mouth forms a perfect o. She looks around a bit and then starts to check a few jars.It takes a minute for her to say she doesn't have anymore left.“But! I can make more, it will take me two hours, three at most if you don't mind waiting a bit. Besides that, any idea who you want to look like? Because I need a hair from them to make this work” Good question, Tim comes to mind first, but now he is hesitant about involving him considering he doesn't know yet how involved he is and if he knows. Plus there are several people in town who would flock to Tim as well, he is popular.“I’m not sure to be honest… i suppose i can try and ask a guard or one of the chef’s…” Which would raise a few questions, but its not the weirdest request Elias has made.Sasha looks at her friends and bites her lip.“Ok, i was going to town later but i think i can stay here and offer you one ofmy hairs, its the least i can do after you let me crash here and sell you stuff, plus… you know, return me my memories?” She seemed honest and earnest, and a quick sweep over her head reveals she is being genuine.Unprompted kindness, he will always find it weird.“If- if that's ok with you?” Sasha nods and grins.“Of course! I can go tomorrow, i just wanted to buy a few ingredients and clothes, there is no difference if i wait one more day. Now the potion will last at least 4 hours ok?” He nods and they talk for a bit before she ushers him away so she can work.“Come after lunch and it will be done ok?” Elias thanks her and tries to leave but Jonathan asks if he wants to hear one of his songs. Staring at him makes Elias feel unease, he doesn't remember, he knows that. But it feels as if he could remember any moment now and ruin everything. He tries to politely decline, but Gerard pins him with a look, they have a staring match and in the end he relents, he wont find Peter here clearly and Sasha won't be done for a few hours so he has time to kill.
  
  
“You know… Alfred would definitely appreciate that kind of music” He would, Jon is very good and he has a wonderful singing voice. Despite his clothes the man seemed a bit scrawny, which seemed to disappear when he sang about violence and fairy tales. It was mesmerizing and to be honest if he had more backup musicians it would sound impressive.“You think so?” Elias can't help but smile at Jon’s tone of nervousness.“Yes, I do. You know, if you had more backup singers and musicians you could really make a show” Gerard nods and bumps shoulders with his boyfriend.“We usually play all together, but i didn't feel like getting the violin out”“Impressive, truly. Now, no offense gentleman but I need to get going, I will return to pick up that potion later, until then good luck” They exchange goodbyes and Elias goes. He sees Pasha moving around the castle still looking for Peter on several paintings so at least he knows she is ok. He takes the time to pick her up and take her to his room to play for a bit while he tries to write down his thoughts a bit to make sense of what is going on. 
   Letters from Aaron are fake, because of the queen herself or Peter is unclear. 

   Tadeas is on it, again unclear if its because of Peter or not. Tadeas claims that Elias will marry but if neither Aaron or Peter are at Mooreland its a bluff. 

   What does the queen want with him then? 

   Simon and Titania know Peter. Asking them is a last resort kind of deal. 

   What prompted Peter to leave his land in the first place!  

   Do Tim and Helen know about him? Why did he not tell Elias anything? 

   What was Martin doing with the wanted poster? Clearly Sasha, Jon and possibly Gerry have no idea of it. 

   What happened to the fairies, does Peter have anything to do with it? 

   What is going on? 
 Sasha and Jon’s memories are clean; they do not know of Martin’s objective. And in which case what is it? Convince Peter to go back? Take him by force??That line of thought makes Elias hold on his pen tighten. Despite his anger and hurt he won't let anyone take Peter away from him, not under his watch. He will soon drop Martin in a dungeon for treason rather than let that happen. Consequences be damned.He keeps writing what he knows and makes conjectures about it for a long while.Pasha plays with the cats, albeit he notices she looks a bit down and keeps moving closer to where he is.“Oh princess, we will find him, it's been just 2 days Peter is just being silly” He hopes so at the very least.“I know! Is just… he was sad and- and will he be ok?” Good question, why was he sad in the first place? What reasoning could he have? Elias wants to pick his brain apart and yell at him at the same time.Of course he needs to find him first to do that.“He will, you will see” He still doesn't know what he will say yet to him, but Peter will be fine, right now he is the solution to all their problems despite the lies and deceit.
  
  
  
Lunch is a complicated affair, mostly because he has to entertain Alfred, Neil, Simon, Titania, Tadeas and Joshua. The other royals were doing their own thing elsewhere and he has to remain to give a good example. Titania keeps giving him looks that he doesn't understand while Elias keeps trying to not glare at Tadeas who is sitting at the other end of the table. He considers he is being rather successful, if only because Joshua, now a bit more awake, was talking science and Elias had to pay attention to keep up. So lunch is a bit of a thing, but as it finally ends and everyone gets up he makes his way out.Agnes, Jack, Joshua, Alfred and Melanie will leave the next day. The next ones are Tadeas, Maxwell, Georgina and Neil. Finally Simon mentions to Elias before he goes that he and Titania intend to  stay a few extra days to “catch up” with him without all the fanfare.“Plus spoil the grandchild you know?”Elias is already dreading that, but at least Pasha will be happy.
  
  
Speaking of her… she says she will stay in the castle in case Peter comes back so she can follow him around and make sure he doesn’t run away.“Good idea princess. Be careful ok? If you need anything you can go to Rosie or the others” She nods and hugs his legs before running off. Her tail moves excitedly and he cant help but smile at her retreating figure.He is proud of her.
  
  
Sasha offers him the potion and warns him again of the 4 hour gap. Elias nods and takes a gulp, it tastes horrid, absolutely horrible. It tingles on his throat and after a few minutes he feels his skin itch. It works similarly to the ring, changing his outward appearance, not really changing his body to that of Sasha.That is a whole different potion that takes weeks to make and lasts at least an entire day. This is a glamor of sorts.When he speaks his voice sounds like hers.“Well this is quite odd” She nods and walks around him assesing him.“It really is, but its also kind of cool. You should lose the coat and wear the vest only, usually I don't dress that fancy” That is quite correct so he pulls it off and leaves it with her. He has the wanted poster on his pant’s pocket so he has everything he needs.“Well! Good luck with the shopping your majesty, i hope you find all you need” Elias thanks her profusely, all in all she is very good at her job, in any other world he would ask her to work for him and stay. But Elias knows that Sasha loves being on the road, finding new things to experiment and discover while helping her friends save people. As much as he could offer her a spot to work in the castle she won't take it. Disappointing but expected.He does remember to pay her, even gives her extra for offering her hair to make the potion.“But-”“No, fair is fair, take it” After that he goes. On his way out he sees Jon with the cat Twilight, they were playing a bit and Elias is struck by a feeling of wrongness from the animal. The familiar looks at him for a moment and he gets hit with a note of amusement.
   Tick Tock Mr Bouchard 
He walks away quickly.
  
  
The town looks lively, but he is not here to appreciate it at the moment, all he wants is to find one man instead. Elias tries to look for Peter in all the places he knows, the center of the town, the coffee shops, bookshops, he even quickly passes by the bakery where his siblings work, but as it is he is not there.Elias spends two hours looking for him, but has no success. Frustrated, he goes to eat and drink something to calm down his nerves. And just because he wants to suffer he goes to Peter’s siblings shop.July, or better said Judith is very nice and gives him his order quickly. She resembles the girl in the painting, albeit she actually looks happy now, her hair was still long and she wore it on a braid. Elias has the brief thought that Pasha would look quite a lot like her when she grew up, sure the changeling child looks quite a lot like Peter, but he can see her grow up to be like her aunt. After all, the woman is clearly related to the missing man.Black hair with a few grey hairs, pale complexion, freckles on her face. She is actually rather tall too, not as tall as her brother but certainly taller than her sister. The main difference with Peter were the eye color, hers were a warm brown while Peter’s were blue.While inside he sees the other man working there that he has to assume is Aaron. Prince Aaron is not bad looking at all, in fact he and Peter actually look alike. The main difference between them however was that Aaron was shorter and leaner and shares a similar build to Tim if he was honest.The third woman who works there, the one who served him once, must be Clara, the oldest sibling. He only comes to that conclusion due to the photo. Lydia had blue eyes like her brothers, while Clara had brown like her sister.That's where the similarities end, where Judith is tall and soft looking, Clara is short with sharp angles. Her hair was short, with an undercut and now that he pays attention he notices a scar of a cut on her cheek. She also has muscles, and looked like she could throw him out of the store.The final sibling, Lydia, is nowhere to be seen. For all he knows she is not with them and went to do her own thing somewhere else.Elias is tempted to ask, to force an answer out of them, but if he does he will scare them away and until he doesnt know where he stands with Peter he can't let his options go.And… if he is honest, by all means he could use them as bargaining chips if push came to shove. If the queen of Mooreland wants a reason to trust him he can offer their location. As awful as that is, Elias is a king first and he needs to secure a marriage any way he can.His hope is that Peter agrees to marry him, which would solve everything and would let him be with the man who loves.
   Even if he betrayed his trust.  
Pushing that nagging thought out he smiles and pays before leaving. He will be diplomatic about it, he has to, he can put aside any hurt feelings and have a conversation with Peter. He knows he can. He buys a trinket or two for Pasha just so Sasha doesn't question him if he sees him come back empty handed. From there he finally goes to the last place he can think of, the church.Elias is currently running out of time, so he will make a quick check and if he is not there he will go back to the castle. If he is, he will drag him with and talk only when they are safely inside his tower for further privacy. The lower level of the church is empty so that leaves the bell tower, he has half an hour tops before he turns back into himself, so this better be quick. Luck it seems has finally come back to him, because when he reaches the top he sees Peter giving him his back while looking into the town. Elias stares at him for a few moments, he was about to make his presence known but Peter turns suddenly back and looks at him with confusion.“Sasha? How did you find this place?” He briefly contemplates pretending to be Sasha, but it would prove to be fruitless, Peter has barely spoken to her so he has no love for her to use. Plus it would be honestly way too random for her to speak out to him to be believable.“Not Sasha you awful man, I have been looking for you with Pasha for two days! Where have you been?” It seems to still not fully click in place who he is so Elias sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose.“It's Elias! I had to take a potion to look like Sasha to find you. I can't exactly stroll into town as you saw before, not without getting everyone in my vicinity to start crowding me, this was the best i could do with what little i had” That finally seems to get him a reaction, albeit not the one he was expecting, Peter’s face turned blank at his revelation. Not happy, not confused, just blank.“I see” And that's it, there is silence between them and words unsaid that he wants to spill out, but he should at least be in castle grounds to do it. A bit miffed at the lukewarm response he got from the man he keeps talking.“Yes, well now you see. So can we go to the castle to talk? There are actually a few very important matters i need to speak with you about, things happened yesterday that i need to discuss, actual life changing ones” He is doing a monumental job of not recriminating him immediately for answers. Elias' self control is off this world.“That… won't be quite possible. I need to do a few things” His eyes dont twitch, they don't.“Oh excuse me, I didn't know looking at the town from an abandoned church is an important activity that cannot be done on another date. When i said that stuff happened yesterday i mean it Peter. In fact let me give you a few openers of what I just discovered so you are more interested in it shall we?” Elias' tone is slightly bitter but mocking. “First one? Jonathan is here! Yes that Jonathan, missing prince Jon, turns out he is Sasha’s friend. He also has amnesia caused by magic, it is unclear how likely he is to remember who he is! Which mind you means i may lose my job. Secondly-” And he doesn't want to talk about this one, not at all, but he knows that Maxwell is a sore spot and it will be enough to drag a response, an honest one at least from the taller man.“-The fairies are all under some sort of unnatural spell, i went to look for you in the forest and they won't wake up! Thirdly Maxwell came by to see me, apparently he is a body hopper and has been stealing kids' bodies for years to keep himself alive. Annabelle also told him that he would likely die depending on my marriage decisions which is why he was acting more strange than usual” Elias starts to pace a bit “He also kissed me-” That is not quite correct, Elias let him kiss him for information, but he wants a reaction from Peter.“And that is not even the cherry on top of what I had to deal with yesterday!! So pardon me from wanting to move this to a more familiar place so I can confide in you. After all, you are my best friend and I trust you”He turns towards Peter and watches him carefully, the last part slipped by, but it is a way to gauge if he feels even a bit guilty. However the indignation and concern he was expecting from his little spiel, hell even the anger at the kiss!!!Was nowhere to be seen.Peter kept staring at him with a very cold look that made something in him feel like he was being judged, it was so unlike the man that Elias steps back a bit. “Did you not hear me?” Peter tilts his head slowly to the side and Elias has an intense feeling of coldness spreading through him. It reminded him of when he and Pasha went to look for Peter here after the man ran away from his sister. They were both cold and not because of the snow, it was magic.“I did, but again I don't see why I have to get involved in it. So what? Get Jon killed and as for Maxwell, using magic to extend your life is not forbidden, only uncommon and complicated, find something more incriminating. I hardly doubt all the other kings and queens will care much about what he does to live. As for the fairies… I'm sure they are fine, probably some hibernating thing, they seem to be rather  forgetful to be honest” Elias' mouth goes slack for a second.What?!?“Who are you and why do you look like Peter?” It is very much the only idea that makes sense. The complete flat and disregarding tone made no sense compared to Peter’s usual way to talk. Sure those ideas are ones that the man would say, but the way he said them…So dismissive and uncaring, plus also ignoring how both things bothered Elias put him on edge immediately. It was completely unbelievable a doppelganger made more sense than this being Peter.The man sighs and rolls his eyes.“I am myself Elias, I hardly think anyone else can pull it off. Anyways I will see you later-” The nerve!“No” Peter raises an eyebrow and crosses his arms.“Or what? You can't exactly force me to go back” Clenching his jaw, Elias has to count to ten before answering something he will regret.“If I do that, will you even appear or will you make another disappearing act?” Peter doesn't say anything and that is answer enough.“What 's wrong? Did something happen? Because to my knowledge 2 days ago you were perfectly fine. Pasha said you looked sad, so i have to assume something went wrong” The taller man takes a deep breath and mumbles a curse, which is the first genuine reaction he made since this started.“Its none of your business or hers, she wasn't supposed to tell you” Wrong-“Did you think she wouldn't worry? Or that I wouldn't?!” Peter scoffs and Elias is very much clenching his fists thinking very unpleasant thoughts.“I think you are more upset about not having me to be your listening corner, most of the time you have some crisis and i have to sit down and listen to your paranoid ramblings” Elias stares and they stay both frozen in place. It must be a minute before he starts talking again.Elias speaks very softly and carefully, the place is so quiet the sound can be heard clearly.“Did you ever plan on telling me the truth or were you going to lie to me until the end?” It's still Sasha’s voice but it's very obvious by the intonation that it's him, enough so that Peter pales.Its Elias turn to tilt his head to the side and let his face become blank.“I- I don't know what you mean” Elias steps forward.“I could understand you not telling me when we first met or the first few months, but did you really intend to lie to me up until now? Were you going to say anything to me? After everything we went through” Peter looks as if Elias had punched him in the chest.“How did-? Did Tim tell you!?” That actually makes his face fall, he told Tim but not him.“No, he didn't, but it's good to know you trust him more than me apparently. I wanted to discuss this back in the castle but you know what? I guess we can do it now instead” He takes the paper from his pants pocket and walks close enough to shove it on his chest.“Care to explain that to me?” Peter looks like he is on the verge of throwing up, with shaky hands he lifts the paper and unfolds it. When he sees it his face turns alarmed and ashen.“Where did you get this? Who had it?!” Panic a clear and true response.“Does it matter? Can imagine my surprise last night when I found out that you have been lying to me about basically everything? Not only that but apparently you told Tim over me!!! And oh that's not even the worst part no, because you had others help in your lie too! Tim? Helen maybe?! And yes Tadeas, i'm not an idiot Peter, i wouldn't have been able to rule this land if i was” Peter seems to be stuck looking at the paper.“I would love to know why you felt the need to hide this from me, to know if you were involved with the letters from Aaron or if it was your mother, seeing as apparently all of your siblings seem to be here. Which makes Tadeas promise to help me marry a bit of a deceit” Elias feels a small part of gratification at seeing Peter so shaken after being so cold.“So what was it? Was it you, was it her or was he just playing a game and messing with me?” Peter stays quiet and Elias rips the paper from his hand in fury.“Answer me!”“It was my idea… but he wasn't lying, Aaron will marry you that is not a lie, one way or another he will” Taking a deep breath Elias steps back a bit, Peter looks back tiredly at him. That confirmation of how much the man had been lying to him rubs him the absolutely wrong way.Being controlled and deceived infuriated him. Elias is walking a thin line to not go off at him. On the other hand there is also the sheer nerve to do such a thing to him, to know that someone he loved did this to him.“No” The sailor shakes his head.“What do you mean no? You wanted a marriage and you will get one” Elias is hurt, angry and confused. But despite that he still loves Pasha, still cares for Peter and out of all his options he will choose him. If the man can give him an explanation, a good reasonable one to not say anything they can hash it out in the upcoming weeks, they can make it better eventually. He will be frosty with Peter for a while, but it's a small price to pay for the betrayal.“I need to marry someone of royal blood, why would I marry him if I have you?” He needs to explain why of course, it's what he wanted to do before whatever that put Peter in a mood like this happened. Peter’s face does something complicated but it settles on-Hurt?  What right does he have to be hurt?! “So that 's it? I'm a prince and now it's convenient for you to ask that of me?” Elias is reminded of the line of thought he had in the morning of Peter assuming he would want him only for his position. “No! No gods above no! But I don't want a stranger and- and this is not for power or to keep a position or anything of the sort! When- when we were at the forest and Pasha knocked you out, she split from the other changelings, she was hurt- so… so hurt she kept melting and slipping between my hands-” The memory of her slowly dying and not knowing who he was still gave him nightmares. Elias closes his eyes and breathes in and out, when he opens them he stares at his hands, he could almost picture her dying between his fingers.“She was dying and i didnt know how to help her. My patron offered a solution but in exchange it asked me to marry someone of royal blood in 6 months or it would kill Pasha. I'm doing this to save her!”Peter steps back and he wants to pull him close, Elias feels his skin tingle and he knows the potion won't last much longer.He tries to reason with him.“So like this we can stay together and keep her safe! I don't want you to go back to Mooreland at all, you can still be Peter Foster! I just don't want anyone else, I have spent the last few months lamenting not being able to ask you because it would kill her, because you are what I really wanted!” Maybe like this it would get into his thick skull that Elias is not being an opportunistic asshole. Of course he is proven wrong right as he thinks that.“Why should I believe that? Do you know why I left Mooreland? My mother wanted me to marry to give her a heir since my siblings ran off, she already controlled every aspect of my life and she wanted to control even more! I wasn't his kid, I was just her pawn!! No one ever asked what i wanted, i just got shoved with other people’s responsibilities when they failed, I don't want to marry and i- i don't want kids”He almost decks him. Almost.“Bullshit, you are Pasha’s dad, you like it! It's plain as day” Peter scowls.“She literally glued herself to me and gave me no choice, i won't hurt a kid, but i couldn't exactly make her go on good consciousness”  Oh my god. He has to be lying, he has to. There is no way he can mean any of that.“You are the worst, you really want me to believe that? After everything? You spoil her!” If Peter wants to play being an idiot then Elias will point out all the stupid garbage to shut him up.“So? I don't want…” At that he looks to the far away town. “I don't want to turn out like my mother, it would be so easy to just…” And Elias understands, that at least makes sense, Peter is afraid and is just lashing out, he is lying and that is more believable than him not caring about Pasha when everything points to the opposite. He loves her as much as Elias does.“Peter… look I get it ok? No one wants to be the worst parts of their parents, I definitely don't want to be my father, but you are clearly doing much better by far if what little you told me of your childhood is true. So don't say that” He attempts to touch his arm but the taller man flinches back and doesn't let him.“Oh shut up, you can't even begin to understand…”“Then explain it to me, you bastard!” Peter frowns.“I can't, as for what you ask? No, I won't, I don't want it, marriage or kids, all I wanted was to sail away and be free from everyone telling me how to live my life, I never wanted the throne or to be king! It was never supposed to be me, I was happy dealing with Simon, but then everyone left me and it was just mother and me. And oh how fun that was” The sarcasm is plain as day. He sees him cross his arms and grip them tightly while he keeps ranting.“I wanted to leave so I did, my only goal was to get a boat and go away and then… I met an insufferable man on the road and I felt pity for him so I let him stay. Then of course he got kidnapped and i had to be stupid enough to try and help” Not what he told Pasha about how they met.“Oh fuck off, thats not what you said before-” Peter looks down at him and sneers.“Really you want me to tell the kid what actually happened? No, better to give her the fairy tale she clearly wants after all she is delusional thinking she can be an actual kid” Elias slaps him, it was completely unprompted but the venomous tone he used unnerved him so badly he had to. That goes against everything he has ever seen Peter do with Pasha, its so unlikely and utterly horrible that Elias couldn't help himself.“I don't know why you are acting like this, or even telling such awful lies, but i won't hear it again, so drop it” He sees him rub his cheek.“Fine”“If it was so awful as you say, why stay here! Why do anything at all, why help me, listen to me or hear me out?” Elias arm’s move around gesticulating to himself and the entire place. Why is the main question, why any of this, why is he lying, because he cant believe for a second this is Peter telling the truth. Said man sighs at his questions and gives him a…Pitying look, Elias wants to scream.“Because i like you, that isn't a lie, you are funny and smart and in fact my first friend for real i never lied about that” That… it's unfair how even now that soothes him a bit, not completely but enough. “But it doesn't mean i want to marry you” Elias stays quiet and they seem to be at an impasse.Finally he feels his skin itch and after a beat he feels like someone lifted a veil of sorts. Peter stops looking at his face and turns to look back to the city giving him his back.“Peter… I am incredibly pissed off at you, you have no idea how much. But I'm fairly sure that you are lying, because two days ago and I am not imagining this, you tried to kiss me before we were rudely interrupted. Also because what you say has no basis on the way you behaved this entire time with me or Pasha. So cut this out and talk to me” He keeps his tone down and is firm with him, there has to be some sort of trap, a reasoning behind this.“You are persistent, i really hate that” It stings but fine he can take that.“You are stubbornly awful and a liar, but I love you too much and I know you don't mean it” Elias said it, Elias finally said it!!!
   Oh he did say it huh? 
“Love me?” He was about to tell Peter that yes, he does love him, but the man starts to laugh at him, its an awful sound, very unlike his usual cheerful and warm tone.“You don't love me, you don't love anyone but yourself and your kingdom, you can't. If I hadn't been a mystery due to my magic you would have gotten bored of me and told me to go after a few weeks, you like puzzles and challenges not people. You are a jealous, controlling, paranoid and petty man who would probably pick my brain apart if you had the chance and drop me off once you got everything you wanted. As for the kiss? It's not like you aren’t  handsome. I can admit that, plus the entire place was setting us up, plenty of incentive to lose myself in the moment. That's actually how i ended up making out with Mikeale once and i'm certainly not pining for him” Elias stiffens and feels like he wants to hit him again, he is wrong, he is- Elias did not imagine it, he is not that deluded, all these months, the soft touches, their games, the- the flirting, that's not just him! Peter’s words about how awful he is and how incapable of love leave him feeling cold and dizzy because- Because most people think that of him, but not Peter not in all this time. Elias changed because of him, he is a bit better than he was after getting to know him!
   Penny in the air 
His patron has no right to interrupt or say something that has nothing to do with the talk at hand.“You- You!!! You coward and liar-! I'm not making it up, you snivelling excuse for a prince! You ran away from your responsibilities, you insult me and you dare to deny- to deny having any feelings for me? After everything, all the touches, flirting and- and looking after each other you dare say that? Dare to insult our CHILD, and yes she IS ours! She loves you so much and you speak about her like that? You miserable excuse of a runaway prince!”
   Runaway prince. 
“You-” Elias hand goes to his pocket and he picks up the wanted poster again. Staring at the words writing on it.
   Runaway. 
Wanted alive Peter Lukas.…
   The missing prince from Mooreland. 

   Penny drops. 
The missing prince.
   Oh, oh god Annabelle- 
That's what Elias kept pushing back because it didn't fit, it didn't fit the narrative that he had made up in his mind based on Annabelles conjectures. Elias ignored all red flags because it just didn't make sense.“You are the missing prince” He whispers so softly that even he can barely hear it.“What?” Elias feels like someone took the floor from under him. It finally makes sense.“You are the missing prince, it's not Jon, it was never Jon in the first place, Anabelle assumed it was him because… because you both ran away around the same time. The prophecy was not about him it was about  you ”It was a terrible time for Elias to have that particular discovery, in fact it couldn't have come at a worst possible moment.“It makes sense, i just didn't want to see it because it didn't fit, it was never about Jon, how could it? Every last important thing that happened around me was because of you, because we met” Peter turns to him again and has a surprised and guarded look.“What are you even on about-” The room spins a bit.“It wasn't Jon, it was you! You were the cause of Annabelles subjects waking up and rebelling, basically saving my life, you gave me the idea to find the tunnels, Simon stopped doing business with Mooreland because you left which made him strike a deal with me instead” It all makes sense, it all piles up. “I met Jane because you took me to the forest… we got Pasha because you let her stay, because of you I changed, everything started to change since i met you” He really should sit down, this was too much.“Oh my god it was always you!” Peter was the one who was supposed to change things, he was the one who could destroy him.“I'm not- it was Jon, you heard her!” Peter seems to be panicking and good lord so is Elias albeit he is tethering on hysteria at this rate.“No, she assumed it was him, because she didn't know you escaped” Pulling his hair back in incredulity he has no idea what to do.“Peter… I do mean it, I love you, regardless of anything, your status, the prophecy, even whatever temper tantrum you are throwing right now. I am tired of pretending otherwise. I have been in love with you for months and I just kept refusing to say it, at first because I was terrified and yes… I was a bit worried about what people would think, I am paranoid I know that. But… i realized i don't care about what anyone thinks, i am furious at you. But I still love you, you have no idea how much. And- and this is also good, because… because that means that I wont get killed, because I have you and I am being honest for the first time in years. I love you ok? I just… i love you” Elias got close enough to lay a hand over his chest.“So please talk to me ok? I can’t believe you about all those things you said, i know you, i do ok? I see you so please, please tell me the truth i promise i will listen. If you need help and you are doing this for some reason i swear i will do anything i can to fix it” Elias looks up at him, Peter looks…He looks like he is struggling with something, his mouth is wavering and he keeps shifting his eyes everywhere, as if he didnt know where to look. In a fit of bravery Elias lifts his hand and touches his cheek gently, softly caressing his cheek.“Please… Do you…” And he has gotten this far, despite all the anger and disappointment he soldiers on. He wants to know for sure. “Do you love me? I won't believe you unless you look me in the eye Peter, whatever it is, tell it to my face”And Peter stays quiet, he can't quite seem to open his mouth, but Elias thinks that means he must be reconsidering. Finally-Finally!! Peter's eyes meet his, Elias smiles as reassuring as he can, despite his inner turmoil they can still fix this. He knows it, believes it completely.“We can fix it ok? I swear” And Peter raises his hands and gently pries his hand away from his face, then he places both of them on Elias shoulders and keeps him in place. His face is serious.Through all of this, Elias never felt fear, only righteous anger, but now, just in this moment he feels a tremor of terror, because he is coming to the realization that things are not going to be ok.“Elias, I-” Peter seems to choke a bit but before he can ask he sees him swallow down and keep going, still staring him in the eye with the most empty and dead look he has ever seen him make. “I don't love you, and i could never love someone like you, my life has been nothing but danger since i met you. I have gotten more hurt in a year by being near you than in all my life, you and Pasha are the worst things that ever happened to me” Something breaks, possibly his heart.Elias feels like he was slapped and thrown into a cold pool. “You are an awful person, and so am i, but i think you win, i am tired of pretending otherwise so you don't feel bad” He feels his ears ringing and this is not how it was supposed to go.“You-” And Peter smiles, it's empty and cruel and like a final dig at him, because Elias realizes he is serious, he is being 100% real no hesitation whatsoever.“As if anyone would ever love you, you might be pretty and charming on the outside, but you are awful on the inside” God-God! He-He feels his eyes itch, he is not going to cry. Not for him. In the end Elias was wrong, he never knew him huh? He placed his trust on someone and look how that turned out for him.With a surprisingly steady voice, Elias whispers.“Get out” Peter frowns and Elias looks up at him again but this time in fury.“Get out, pick up your things and get out of my kingdom, Pasha stays with me and if I see you again I will throw you into the dungeons to  rot, I don't want to see you here ever again ” Its funny, he thinks that for a second there he saw Peter in pain. Elias has no time to consider it because he turns around and walks to the stairs to leave, he will have to wait until he can walk back to the castle unnoticed, he is in no mood to be seen. As he leaves the church he briefly sees a flash of yellow on the corner of his eyes.A door.He ignores it in favour of walking away from Peter. It's once he is outside and no one can see him that he lets a few tears fall, he was an idiot for believing even for a second that he could ever have love. That anyone would love him, faults and all, and not leave him.Elias was the biggest idiot there ever was, caring was not an advantage, it only hurt, he learned that years ago and promised to not let it happen again, yet-Yet he did it again and this time it was worse.He always puts his trust in the wrong people, and when he chooses to trust them they lie to his face.Pasha, Tim, Helen and P-He has to bite his lip to not let out a curse or a sob. He is not sure which one.
  
  
What Elias doesn't know, does not see, is that the moment he is out of view and earshot Peter falls to his knees coughing enough fog to cover the entire room. He doesn't see him spit out blood that evaporates after a few moments into mist as if it was never there.He doesn't see him flicker in and out of existence for a few seconds, until he seems to decide to settle back on solidity.  Like he was snapped back into focus and reality. He doesn't see or hear any of that.And more importantly he doesn't see the yellow door open after he moves past it, letting out two figures who walk the way up to the bell tower.
  
  
  
By the time Elias manages to reach the castle the sun was already going down. He felt like someone scooped out his heart and there was a void left. All he wanted to do was just… forget all of this happened, pretend that things were ok and that he hadn't gotten his heart broken in the most painful and awful way.He really wants to pretend that. But as it is he can't, and fate has a funny way to screw up with him even more. Instead of peacefully reaching his room to be alone and probably throw away any gift from Peter to the fireplace to be burned down into a crisp, he is intercepted by the last people he wants to see at the moment. Elias can't deal with them in any way that won't end up in disaster. Tim, Helen and Pasha were coming his way, the little girl was being held by Helen, while Tim called out for him. Elias feels sick and like he had something awful lodged inside him. Its almost like he swallowed poison all he wants to do is to take it out, seeing them reminds him of Peter. Seeing them makes him realize that Peter told Tim about who he was and that meant Elias meant nothing. That he played pretend so well Elias believed him.He clearly must look awful because all three of them stop smiling and have worried looks. Bullshit, from Pasha Elias can believe, but Helen and Tim? They clearly didn't care, not enough to be honest, not enough to tell them how much Peter was lying and pretending, how he was just toying with him.He locks his jaw in place trying to not curse them outright.“Eye? Are you ok? Did you find daddy, Pasha looked everywhere with Timmy and aunty” God, god fuck, what does he tell her? Elias even forgot the presents he bought her in the tower so he doesn't even have anything to soften up the blow.He wants to strangle Peter so badly it makes his blood boil. “I did but Pasha… Princess, I'm so sorry, ok? C’mon i will explain in my room, you will be-” He closes his eyes and breathes in and out “You will be staying with me from now on ok?” She looks nervously at him and then at Tim and Helen who both have mirrored expressions of confusion and suspicion.His eye twitches.“Um, Elias? What do you mean, where is he exactly?” Tim looks at him with a forced smile that makes him glare.“I don't know, but I certainly hope he picked up his things out of his room by now” Helen holds Pasha closer and he is almost tempted to pull her out of her grasp.“That doesn't sound good, did you two fight? Oh are you putting him on the metaphorical couch then?” She seems to be trying to joke and diffuse the tension, but it falls so flat that it hurts.“Lie? Why is daddy leaving? Are we going with him?” A burst of guilt. She sounds upset and confused, she holds onto Helen and he can barely see her nails sharpening and clutching the fae woman hard.“Pasha…” He doesn't know how to tell her, does not have the heart and for once he wishes someone else could do it for him, could say the bad news. He doesn't want to see her heart break. “Hey, its- it's ok i'm sure we can fix this, i will just give him a talk down for being an idiot!” Fake optimist and cheeriness.It tired him, Elias sympathy is at a ground level, same as with his patience, so he snaps at him.“No need to kick him out of the kingdom, maybe he can finally go back to his own castle and stay there. After all he is a prince, or- or maybe he goes sailing away as he always wanted. On his own” Tim takes in a deep breath and Helen winces while Pasha squirms.“What? wHY! Why did Eye kick out daddy? What 's wrong?” “Pasha come here princess” Helen doesnt drop her off, so he moves and grabs her from her arms. The little girl struggles and Helen actually tries to hold onto her, to which he actually sneers at her making her let go out of surprise.“So… were either of you going to tell me the truth, or keep covering for him? I mean I can even understand Helen, she is basically a natural liar, but Tim… really?” Both seem caught off guard.“Lie!! Why are you being mean?! Where is daddy? What's going on I don't understand!?” She struggles in his arms while he tries to keep her up.“Stop- STOP MOVING SO MUCH” He doesn't manage to yell but for his usual tone it's almost like he did, she freezes and starts to tear up. He wants to do the same.“We are going to talk about this later. You two are dismissed, in fact, tomorrow we will talk about your job Tim, and Helen-” Fuck.“Since Peter is the one who let you stay and he is gone, i'm afraid you are out of place”“What?” “Wait! No, wait he did it didn't he? He told you? Or- oh that fucker, he did it didn't he? I bloody told him not to-” Elias shuts him up.“You knew all this time, he told you, both of you, and I presume you helped with the letters as well, at least that's what he implied” Pasha is still in his arms.“I-yes, but like a month and a half ago, its not- look this is a misunderstanding if he did what I think then he didn't tell you everything” Tim tries to explain himself, but he heard enough, Helen interrupts too.“He is right, Peter is lying, he is just being an idiot and i don't understand he was supposed to fix things what went wrong-” “Enough! Both of you, out of my sight now, i need to- i want to rest a bit” He is reeling, they knew, all this time.“No, you need to listen to us, Peter is not ok, he needs your help, if he said anything its not because he wanted to ok? Something must have gone wrong and he needs-” Elias can’t.So he does what he knows best. Tim doubles over and Helen starts to twitch while twisting herself into knots.Memories of Danny in the circus and Micheal. “Don't bother me anymore, I don't want to hear about Peter bloody Lukas ever again” Pasha clings to him and hides her face on the crook of his neck as he carries her to his room.
  
  
  
  
Duchess is sitting on the bed looking at the door the moment he opens it, Captain is curled up next to her.“Hope it was a fun show” The owl-cat makes a sad little noise.Carefully he pries Pasha from his arms and sits her on the bed, she looks to the ground and clutches the necklace that Peter gave her. Something awful comes over him and he asks her to give it to him. She looks up and hisses.“Its mine! Daddy gave it to me, it means we- we are family” He thought so too, but…“No, no it doesn't, he doesn't care for family or us Pasha. He told me so, i'm so sorry princess. '' I really am, but as it turns out he is not who we thought” He can't quite keep the bitter and hurt tone from his voice.“So please give me that”“No! No, its wrong, he loves us! I know it- even, even if he doesn't say it, Pasha knows he loves her and Lie. So, so much” And it's frustrating to hear her, because Elias heard him, he saw Peter talk about them as if they were the worst thing ever. So he is harsh with her, but only because he knows she wont understand. One day maybe he will tell her, but he can't, not now.“Pasha, I won't ask again, I need the necklace. Look, I talked with him and- and he doesn't want us, either of us, he lied to me, he lied his entire time, he pretended he cared. Its not… its not your fault, not at all. It's just that Peter is not… he is not who we thought, he is- he is bad ok? And he doesnt deserve you so I will look after you because I love you ok?” Elias can be firm, Elias can certainly resist a temper tantrum from a child. But the truth is that his talk with Peter, Tim and Helen left him scrapped raw. Pasha wailing and screaming is burning in his head, he is truly gaining a migraine and his mood is not improving at all.“NO, NO, PASHA DOESN'T BELIEVE LIE, DADDY IS GOOD, HE LOVES US, I DON'T WANNA-” His patience is at his limit. Elias gets up and yells back at her, shutting her up instantly. He doesn't want to scream at her, doesn't want to say to her what he does not at all, but this day has proven to be one of the worst ones in his life and he reaches the top of his limit.“THEN GO FIND HIM THEN! HE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT YOU, NOT LIKE I DO. I gave up my chances at marrying who I wanted because of you! I made a deal to save your life even if you lied to my face like he did! Even if you tried to hide how sick you were, even if you planned to leave me! You two are certainly related to each other if you can't even be grateful for how much effort I put in for your sakes!!! He is a liar and an awful person who said horrible things about us. He doesnt get to keep you because he said we were the worst thing that happened to him!”He ends up breathing harshly and in a last awful moment he grabs the necklace and takes it from her neck. “He is not family and i hate him”Pasha is shaking and bubbling up to the point she doesn't seem to be able to hold onto a human form, the cats both seem to get scared at his tone and run to hide under the bed.Still he can see the silent tears fall from her many, many eyes. Elias gets snapshots of her actual look, she looked dull, all the neon colors were sapped out from her skin in an ashen tone. Soon it passes and she dissolves into her goopy shape.He pockets the necklace and tries to apologize but she flinches back.“Pasha- Pasha ruined your life? Lie and da-daddy hate Pasha? Am i- is Pasha-” Oh no, nonon, he didn't-“No, no i didn't mean to say that- i love you, i love you so much i wanted to save you i don't-”“Blame Pasha? Pasha… dad…” She cries and then throws herself to the floor suddenly growing legs and scuttling away like a spider faster than he can catch her.“No, NO wait Pasha”“Will go- dont want to hurt anymore, Pasha is- no one wants her she is a monster” He tries to grab her but she slides under the door, he opens it and starts to run after her. Despite her size she was fast and could in fact crawl over the walls which was inconvenient. “No, I mean it, I'm sorry, Pasha, come back right now!” She doesn't answer and at some point she manages to get an advantage over him, which leads him to lose sight of her when the hallway splits in three, he doesn't know which way she went. And when he tries to use the paintings to find her he can't. If she crawls over them he doesn't have an advantage to see her. She knows he can see from the eyes of the paintings.“Pasha? Pasha!” He doesn't hear a reply, Elias is alone.
  
  
  
He locks himself in his tower. He cant find her, Tim and Helen he cant face.Elias is in such a poor state that he is afraid he will commit an act of violence or a murder at this point if he deals with anyone else. He holds his head while sitting and tries to not have a mental breakdown.In the span of 48 hours he pretty much lost everything but his job and some part of his sanity at the very least. He doesn't understand, two days ago during the ball everything was perfect, everything was fine!! They were all happy and together and things seemed like they would finally look up.But they didn't. It only got worse.At this point the only thing he has left is the throne, the one thing that he always had. The only thing that didn't betray him. He will rebuild he supposes. Like Duchess, like an owl cat-phoenix from the ashes. It's all he can do, try to start over. Maybe just maybe he can try and forget this whole thing happened. Maybe he can just… erase it from everyone's memories.Including his own.It certainly would hurt less, it would get rid of the pain on his chest that he doesn't even know how to begin to fix, to fill.How do you fix a broken heart?He asks to the void, to his patron, to anyone who listens.But nobody answers back.
  
  
  
He must have fallen asleep at some point, his back hurts and he is hunched over his desk. The clock says it's past midnight. He dreams of empty rooms and bloody floors, he wakes up when he sees his throne occupied by a corpse of himself.The place is quiet and he walks back to his room, a small part of him hopes beyond hope that Pasha will be there. But as he opens the door he is disappointed to notice it empty.Or well, not quite as empty.Duchess runs between his legs and escapes. Elias has a moment, a very brief moment to consider letting her go.But he already lost pretty much everyone today, he burned too many bridges. So he follows her while Captain stays in the room, he seemed wary and a bit spooked. He walks across quiet and empty hallways until he sees her turn left and disappear, for a moment he is left baffled, but then he remembers. This was one of the entrances to the secret hallways that lead to the tunnels.He enters and follows her, he can see her shadow move across the ground, hurring downwards. Elias starts to feel apprehension about her behaviour, why is she going to the-When he reaches the lowest level he realizes why. The doorway to the tunnels was wide open. She sits in front of it and looks up at him and then inside as if saying:
   Go on. 
Her eyes glow unnaturally and he knows its his patron and not his cat.He enters.
  
  
He doesn't know what he is supposed to be looking for, but the tunnels tend to lead him where he needs to, so at this point he won't question it. This day is awful enough as it is. Elias spends a long while walking around looking for… Something, anything really that points out why his patron would guide him here at this hour.He finds Twilight. The cat looks at him and then gets up, he stays frozen in place feeling something like anxiety and dread course through his veins, but against his wishes his legs move and he follows. On the way to… wherever it is that the animal is guiding him he finds a pipe on the ground. He steps over it and tries to keep going, but for whatever reason he ends up picking it up.Somehow he has the feeling he will need it.
  
  
  
The hallway gets darker and he struggles to see, but he still moves, following the cat. It's completely silent until he hears whispers in the dark, words he can't understand at first, something brushes his leg and he almost jumps. The dark whispers start to recede and soon he is left with the sound of a familiar voice saying.“I need to take a break- I- this is too much, stay there” Elias stays still, hiding in the shadows, from where he sees Jon looking pale walking to the opposite hallway. Twilight turns to Elias, looks at the door and then goes to follow Jonathan.His hold over the pipe is painful.Quietly he walks to the door and opens it when he is sure the other man is gone.Inside it looks to be an office of sorts, it reminded him of the room he got locked into that started to fill with water all those months ago.However the difference was that the place wasn't empty.An old man was sitting on a chair. Elias knows this man, he didn't study so much to not know who he is, to prepare in case of seeing him.“Well. This is a surprise. Reach for a book and I will kill you” Jurgen Leitner looked at him with terrified sunken eyes, he seemed as if he hadn't seen the sun in a while, and if he considers the fact that it's most likely he has been living underground all these years it makes much more sense.“Elias… nice to finally meet you” That he knows him, doesn't surprise Elias, not if Gertrude has been plotting with him this whole time.“How much have you told him?” Elias is oddly calm, it feels almost like a dream in a sense.“Enough, enough to pay for my sins” Tilting his head he makes a sound as if asking him to go on.“And what are those?” Jurgen presses his hands against his face and breathes in and out. Then he pulls them away and looks to the book closest to him. The cover had a spider with a red hat on it. It looked as if it was meant for children. It was also shredded on the inside.“Trying to harness the unnatural, to think myself more clever than creatures who had spent lifetimes honing on their skills…. To lose a book in the worst possible place and ruin the royal family” Elias stares, he feels detached.“It was your fault that he went missing wasn't it?” He looks sorrowfully at his hands.“It was, hubris i suppose, after the library was destroyed and ransacked i tried to keep the ones i saved with me, for… protection and safekeeping, the king and queen from before, they banned magic and tried to kick me out, despite my offers to give them knowledge in exchange for a safe haven. I knew of the tunnels, the faeries wouldn't find me there. But I didn't count on one of the books to become active, of course it was the mother of puppets who did. The book went missing and soon after so did the prince, by the time i found it, it was too late and he was gone, I assumed he was dead”“And Gertrude helped you hide didn't she?” He doesn't confirm it, but it's obvious.“I heard that he might be alive and wanted to… repent for taking away his family” Elias doesn't believe a word he says.“I don't think that's quite it, isn't it? If you wanted to repent as you said, telling the grieving family would have helped, would have given them closure, instead you hid away like a rat”“I would have been executed!”“True, but it would have been deserved, as you said it was hubris what did you in. Tell me… were you the one who stole the tracking rock I made?” Jurgen nods.“Ah, I see, makes sense honestly”  They stay quiet as he observes the man.“Elias... ““Tell, does he know?” There is a beat of silence.“I had to, the least i could do was tell him the truth, he already lost everything else” Jonathan knows, he  knows .
   He knows he is the rightful heir to Opperior. 
Elias blinks a few times and hums a bit before asking.“One last thing, does Gertrude know?”Jurgen must realize there is something intimately wrong with him because he hesitates, but answers carefully.“Yes” Ah, of course. He knew already, but this was just confirmation. Somehow he doesn’t get any feeling of relief from it. In fact… all he feels is hot incandescent fury, the entire day has made him reach this point.Blind fury and outrage.Elias has officially lost everything because of this snivelling man.Pasha, Peter, Tim, Helen are gone.His throne is now on a slippery slope that he is not likely to come out a victor.Gertrude lied and worked against him.Everyone he has ever put a mimal spot of trust has left him or betrayed him, Elias is completely and utterly alone.The first strike is easy, so is the second and third, by the fourth he knows Jurgen is dead. His head caved in like a watermelon, spilling blood and brain matter all over the table and Elias. Yet his arms move while he hears white noise. There is something quite liberating to do this. Elias has been keeping himself in complete check for years.Maybe Alfred was right, maybe this is the song hidden under all the fake politeness he has. Maybe this is what he truly is, Peter was right, Elias might look beautiful on the outside, but he is very ugly on the inside.It pours out of him in a moment of unstoppable violence, what does it matter? He has nothing left to lose. What does any of it matter anymore?Finally he stops, Jurgen's head is a splatter of blood and gore now. Elias' clothes are all bloody, and ruined.So what?Jon told the old man to wait, that at least means he intends to come back which means Elias can at the very least get rid of one final problem. It's oddly cathartic to be honest. He should commit casual murder more often.
  
  
He waits but instead of Jon- Elias takes a swing at the door as it opens- a sharp hand catches the pipe and laughs.“Little king seems to be rather angry, I wonder why?” God dammit.“Micheal, not the time” The creature hums and looks at what used to be Jurgen Leitner.“Oh, it seems like you had a bit of fun already! Good for you, good for you” His smile was unnerving, much more than Helen’s“Why are you here?” At that his smile turns much more amused.“I was asked to help a friend… just to see chaos unfold, but i think… it won't quite work if you don't know” Taking a deep calming breath he tries to ignore him, but the creature laughs and says something that makes him try to pull the pipe away to hit him.“Did you know the foggy prince is now at home?” His blood pressure is going to kill him, that he is sure of.“I dont care”“Dont lie, that's my job. But he is, we took him there, but that's not the point. The point is… that the foggy prince was in fact in quite the bad shape, it must have been the mother of all fights if he was like that when we found him” To his knowledge Peter was fine, so this was just a ploy.“If you are looking to rile me up I don't think you are going to win. As for Peter? He is not my problem anymore that he made very clear” He wants him to leave so he can intercept Jon, but unfortunately the creature does not relent.“Oh, I get it, I truly do!!” He seems to see his face because he amends quickly “I understand the feeling quite well, people you care for saying awful things to you when all you wanted was to help…” His face turns thoughtful and for a moment his smile slips, its only a second because he goes straight back to being an obnoxious prick.“So yes, people are awful, especially those we love. Albeit in his case i think its more… hehe, terminal you know? Quite possibly deadly even!! Oh you should have seen him, now what did you tell him mm? It must have been quite awful for him to almost keel over, his poor little heart couldn't take it i suppose. Martin struggles to even be able to grab him and they are both in the same situation” Elias has no idea what he is talking about, it must show in his face because Micheal makes a small sound of surprise.“You don't know do you?” And if it's about Peter then no, he probably doesn't.“What other lie did he hide then?” And the creature tilts his head.“He won't last long you know? Back there, most likely gone by the end of the year, maybe faster. Who knows?” And despite everything, despite all the awful things that he said, the idea that Peter would die still leaves him cold.“His mother wanted him alive-” Micheal laughs and laughs and drops the pipe.“She does, she won't kill him. She doesn't have to, he has been doing that on his own for months now and you never realized he was slipping between your fingers, funny how someone who watches can’t see the most obvious things that are in front of him, see all but understand nothing”What-“What do you mean? Are you- you are messing with me aren't you? Of course you are-” Micheal sighs and chides at him.“Sometimes to cause the most chaos all you need is the truth, and I want to see what happens next. So? Until the next time, if you need me to draw with yellow chalk a door, goodbye little king” He steps back and closes the door, when Elias opens it again he is gone.
   What-  

   What did just happen? 

  
  
Elias waits and overthinks, he must be lying, just to rile him up, that's the kind of thing he would pull, he knows it. Maybe if he says it enough times he will believe it.The slipping between his fingers part replays in his head over and over.
   He…. He would notice right? 
But as he thinks that he thinks of Pasha and has to swallow down bile, there is no way Peter was… what? Hurting himself? Dying? No, no he was fine. Micheal is just messing him up even more than he already is, that's all there is. And yet, what if-No, even if that's the case, Peter still lied and hurt him, what does it matter to Elias anymore what happens with him? That's it, its not his problem anymore. He gets distracted by the sound of movement and a voice.“Jurgen?” That's not Jon. Of course. Elias opens the door and steps out, Gertrude stares at him up and down, she doesn't seem shocked at the blood.“Well, i suppose that was going to happen one way or another”“Is that so?” She nods.“It was going to be you or someone else his books harmed” Pragmatic, even as she loses a friend.“Cold calculating old bat” She watches the pipe and sighs.“You won't do it, unless you want a war” And Elias, despite himself laughs. “Oh Gertrude, I think you will find that your connection can't quite save you anymore, it went to someone… more fitting for it” She frowns and then looks alarmed.“What did you do?!” And Elias steps forward.“What I had to” She dodges the hit. “I don't think i need to specify that you are fired”She steps back and gauges his reaction.“Didn't think it would be you” Elias scoffs.“Of course not, why would you? Now, I do have a question, I am curious after all. I let you do what you want, solve pretty much everything as you please. So? Why replace me? Why look for Jonathan at all? Why any of this to begin with?” He raises his arms to better make his point across and encompass what he means. Gertrude frowns puzzled.“I don't want to replace you” Elias drops his arms and stares at her.“I beg to differ” She stares him up and down while letting her hand rest on her magic staff, he sees the tension on her hold.“Elias, i don't want to replace you with Jonathan, have you seen him? They would eat him alive in a week, this kingdom could not take him as king. He has no idea what he is doing and frankly the fact that he was trapped with… the mother makes me very hesitant about his allegiances” Its his time to be confused.“Then why any of this? Why look for him this whole time?” At that she rolls his eyes, as if he wasn't threatening her and he was being just childish.“Because you refused to commit, if you die, there is no replacement, no one in staff could look after this place as efficiently as you do, loath as I am to admit it. You wouldn't marry or name an heir to be trained in case of emergency. I did this, so that we could have a spare. I don't want him to have this kingdom until he has actual training. I assumed that if I said anything, you would panic. I was right of course. So i looked for him on my own”Good lord.“That is a very, very beautifully crafted lie. How exactly do you expect me to believe that?” She almost groans, he could see it.“Because you are logical and pragmatic too, so try to imagine it from my perspective. What do you do in my shoes” And the answer is… if he served a king who refused to look for a possible replacement, then he would look for one himself. He would think them careless and useless, if they die then the place will panic until they find a new heir.The late queen knew she wasn’t going to make it so she took him in and tried to teach him as much as she could before she passed away.“Oh”  She nods.“Exactly, not only that, but then you come back from a trip with an unknown man, who… quite frankly was very suspicious. While also starting to act up all… well flirty like a teenager, I grew concerned. Then! You pick up a monster and let her play child. You were acting so irrational this past year that I had to speed things up, lest you marry the vagrant. Then of course you try and marry Maxwell who is quite frankly even worse, I would rather have you marry the sailor. So you must see why i thought finding Jonathan quickly was a must”Elias has to take a moment to process that. In a way he understands completely why she acted like that, but he also feels angry at being dismissed as irrational and dubbed as a fool by her.“What i do with my personal life, who i chose to spend my time with has no bearing on my ruling” The older woman scoffs at him.“What about the circus? You chose to go there despite the danger to save a man who could have been dead and a member of the same species that attacked the town, they are making you weak. Love and caring doesn't get you far, it only gets you killed. You and I are similar, or I thought so at least. We both are pragmatic, a single life is not worth an entire village” But then again a village is nothing to a kingdom and so on and so on, in her quests she found justifications to stop advances from magical creatures by disposing of dangers. Elias is like that too, but he also… he also would burn an entire nest of sentient creatures as revenge, he would kill them for daring to touch what is his. He is selfish and he would willingly kill people to keep what he loves. Gertrude does not hold anyone in such high regard to even try. She is willing to sacrifice anyone for the greater good to achieve her goals.“Or that's what i assumed until i saw you act like a fool” Elias snaps at her. He is getting real tired of people assuming things about him, really, really tired.“I was happy! For the first time in years I was happy, ok? I wasn't about to lose that, I love my job, but it didn't make me as happy. I just never realized because I was alone and… lonely I just couldn't notice, the others made me realize what I was missing and I- i was happy...” He trails off. And feels like he got gutted again.Because he  was happy, despite the hurt he feels now, the pain. In all the time since they met, Elias felt joy, fear, sadness, anger, sorrow, etc, he felt so many good and bad things. Without that he would have still been the same stiff and cold man as he was before.All these feelings, all the things they went through, shaped who he was now, without them… without those memories Elias wouldn't be himself. Without everything he went through he wouldn't have done the things he did.Befriend magical creatures, save a dragon, look after Pasha and… help the baby changelings, be more friendly to his staff and the people in town, help Agnes and Jack! get along better with Simon- Without everything he went through since he met Peter whether it was a lie or not, he wouldn't be here.Getting rid of his memories of Peter wouldn't help him, it would make him go back to how he had been.Miserable.Even if now they are tinged with bitterness and sorrow, it doesn't take away the good moments. As angry and hurt as he is Elias is glad to have his memories of them. It shaped him as a person.He thinks of Jonathan Fanshware and how he took away his memories of himself, for better or for worse they were friends and he took that from him. The chance to be angry or to reminiscence about them one day and miss him because he was paranoid he would use what he knew. Nonsense of course.Swallowing down he turns to Gertrude.“I get it, ok? I still see the need to do what it takes, but… caring is not… not a disadvantage as I thought, even if it hurts. Sometimes we need that to keep going”She clearly doesn't understand and honestly he doesnt think he can make her change her mind.“That's absurd” “It isn't, that you don't see it doesn't make it any less true. Look at Micheal and Helen! She turned like that because she wanted to find him, he helped you because he believed in you and wanted to save people” That does make her look elsewhere, clearly he hit a nerve.“And now they are monsters” Elias breathes in and out. Monster is a very loose term, a human person can be a monster. They are what their nature lets them be and what they choose.“Helen is a friend, she is funny and cheerful and she was… hurt. She was just a kid who fought with her dad and wanted to make it right, because- because she loves him and a fight doesn't mean that she would stop loving him or miss him” 
   Pasha. 
Elias swallows down hard, that he was angry at Peter… doesn't mean that Pasha would be too. Hurt for sure, but she loves the sailor, forcing her to leave wouldn't solve anything, it would make her want to find him even more.Fuck.“Elias…” He closes his eyes and lifts his free hand to make her stop.“I won't kill you, I believe you. But you are getting demoted for lying to me this entire time, you will train Tim, and then you can retire and go wherever you want, I don't care” She steps forwards and he holds the pipe in front of him. “You can't do that, you know you need me” And maybe he did at some point, but right now? Kings and queens are changing, they aren't as prone to destructing each other, they can cooperate more than anything else.They want peace.“I did, but times are changing” She looks like she wants to say something or strike him, whatever it is, gets interrupted by a clapping and more whispers from the shadows.“You know that was a lovely spiel, but i have to agree with your general, love made you soft and weak” Elias gets goosebumps and he stares into the dark hallway where he sees a familiar figure step out from the darkness. The shadows seem to cling to his clothes.“Maxwell? What are you doing here!” He hears him laugh and it echoes all across the room.“I wasn't about to lose without a last trick up my sleeve, you should really be careful with where your pets go dear. Its very easy to snatch them when they hide in the dark. As for how i got here… i just followed her” Before he can tell him to fuck off he sees him take out a jar from his pocker where a familiar black goop moves and sticks itself to one side. It hits the glass with tiny stick-like hands and looks scared at him.To say that he felt like he got the wind knocked out of him would be an understatement.“Pasha!” Rayner shakes the jar.“So easy to catch, really. Now I believe you will listen to my demands” Elias wants so very badly to hurt and kill this man, just like he did with Jurgen.“Elias…” Gertrude stands in front of him, close to Maxwell who gives her a calculating gaze.“You know I can offer you a better job, since he is firing you after all. You don't have to do this, we could be allies. That is all I want, an alliance” Oh this fucker-!“That's what you call trying to avoid dying because Annebelle predicted it? That's what you want after body hopping for centuries?!” Gertrude turns to him sharply.“He did what?” Maxwell glares at him and the white milky eyes are the clearest thing he can see with all the dark surrounding him, it was unnerving.“Oh please, are you really hung up on that? As if you wouldn't do the same if you could, it was the kids right? Can’t believe you care so much about a bunch of children that you would not recognize this for what it is!” Elias, if he had the chance to choose, knows he would pick adults.It would be so easy to look for someone lonely and unimportant and slowly mold him into a perfect host. Why pick children when you could just take over an adult is beyond him. Plus, really how many times can you go through puberty? Ugh, regardless of that! “Oh shut up. Now give her back!” He shakes his head and sighs.“You know what I want Elias, that my original plan didn't work is a shame, that i have to do this is beyond me. But it is business after all” He has no idea what original plan he means when Gertrude speaks again.“You mean give him a love potion? Yes I know, so does the court and guards, we have proof of that little slight” Love-Love Potion??He didn't drink-The wine, the weird tasting wine. Oh god.“You!” Elias is getting to the point where he wants to kill several people and then lock himself in his room for a month to not deal with anyone or anything. Maxwell looks as if he sucked on a lemon, disgusted and also furious.“Again you could join me and-” His general scoffs.“As if, you are a lousy and awful man, plus your management isn't nearly as efficient as you like to think, from what I heard… Manuela is the one actualling pulling her weight around your land, were you afraid to bring her and have everyone like her? Undermine your little ego perhaps?” As she says that Maxwell holds over the jar tightens. Pasha shakes inside and Elias is trying to wrack his brain about how to grab her before letting Gertrude knock the man around. Maybe he can even take a swing at him too.“Shut-up” His can see a vein pop out on his forehead. Elias doesn't know why Pasha doesnt turn into something bigger to break the jar, not at least until he sees a sigil carved into the glass when the other man moves his arm into the light.Oh god dammit.“I would but you are so sloppy I can't help but think you are overcompensating for your ineptitude. How can you mess up a love potion? The only thing you had to do was kiss him and yet you failed at even that” Maxwell practically growls at her, or-Actually Elias strains his ears a bit, it's not Maxwell, but rather something in the dark making that noise.“I didn't fail, he-” And he points at Elias with his free hand “-And that peasant he hangs around with ruined everything” Here is the thing, if his recollection is correct, Maxwell kissed him before the potion effected ended. So how did Elias not get affected?“ How did you know- Nevermind I don't know how it didn't work, but that's not the point, the point is-” Gertrude sighs and Maxwell glares.“Timothy told me, apparently he suspected something was wrong” Tim… suspected something?Maxwell for his part turns towards him with fury and indignation.“Oh stop playing dumb Elias, you know what you  did . I cannot believe you would choose a peasant over-” Despite his anger at Peter the dismissiveness annoys him.“He is not a peasant!! He has more rights to marry me than you! You impostor, you stole your position!”  He is so done with this.“Elias you know how love potions effects break” Getrude likes to point the obvious, which makes no sense, since he didn't kiss Peter, he would remember that, he has been dreaming about it for months and he wouldn't-
   Dreaming…? 
The morning after the ball, he dreamed about them kissing and… and cuddling and Peter looking so, so sad- They talked but he can't remember the words. No, that was just a dream, it wasn't real.
   Was it?  
But it felt like it, it almost felt like he could feel the press of his lips over him.
   A love potion effect gets cancelled by a true love kiss. 
Peter doesn't- He couldn't have, because then it meant that he lied.You can’t fake a true love kiss.
   Oh fuck. That RAT bastard! 
Seething he steps forward towards Maxwell when something moves from behind him, a shadow stretches and growls at them.“Listen… we can make an arrangement ok? If you want to marry-”“Oh, no, that won't be needed any more, if you both disappear I would appreciate it. If you are gone Elias then i won't have any reason to worry, and i also get a better host you know? I never attempted to use a faery, and a changeling? I don't need to body hop anymore, just change my appearance and steal some memories” His blood runs cold, because of the threat and the implications.“Give me back my child” Maxwell smirks.“No”Elias looks at him, then to the shadow and finally to Gertrude. She holds her staff and stares at the creature while Elias has a brief moment to breathe in and then out, right before making a run towards Maxwell to hit him with the pipe right to the head.The creature attempts to bite him, but Gertrude uses lightning magic and shocks it, the hallway is illuminated in a flash of light making the thing scream in pain. Maxwell avoids his hit and tries to use his magic, but because of the still after effects of the light he can’t quite do it right away.So Elias swings again. This time to his leg, it catches him off guard and he falls on one knee. “FUCK” The room darkens again and he gets knocked to his feet when something strikes him by the side. Feeling something trying to bite him he uses the pipe to hold it off.“Getrude if you COULD HURRY UP!”“Oh shut up!” A second shot of light has him spasm and drop the object since it would electrocute him if he kept at it. The beast howls and retreats. Maxwell was up again and moving away slowly, Elias got up quickly and ran off to tackle him from the back. Due to the hit to his leg he crumbles to the ground easily. The jar in his hand flies off so Elias takes the opportunity to try and grab it.Unfortunately the dark comes back and something in the dark lit hallway grabs his leg making him fall flat, he stretches his hand trying to reach the Pasha who was so, so very close-But he feels someone kick him in the ribs and he groans in pain.“Why won't you stop being a nuisance!” More kicks that leave him winded, A third light spell and he tries to move away, but gets caught easily.“Your looks and tongue aren't going to save you now Elias. Neither is your pet, the peasant or the fire monster” Another kick leaves him winded.“Elias!” Gertrude is still holding back the shadow beast.Fuck, what does he do? And the answer is simple enough.A feeling of amusement that doesn't belong to him hits him.
   We are so very hungry. And if you die our fun ends. 

   We want to see and consume it all. 
Elias feels as if someone was squeezing his brain and his eyes.“ You who live in darkness and night, you who hide and shed skin like a snake, you are known. Ceaseless watcher get rid of this nightmare beast” Elias doesn't understand at first what happens or what he is saying, that is until he sees Maxwell start to convulse a little bit, his nose starts to bleed and he falls to his knees. Not knowing if this would kill him or merely stop him, he tries very hard to get up, it takes two tries but he does manage to get up and pick up the jar. He quickly opens it, picks up Pasha in his hand and shatters the glass.“Gertrude, let's go!” She makes another light and then runs towards him, grabbing him and running towards the entrance, the hallways are too narrow to properly fight the beast, she needs space to cast other spells.“Are you-” He is winded and his chest hurts badly, but he is alive.“Fine, I will need a few potions but I will live. Pasha, hey princess are you ok?” She hid in his… bloody sleeve. He feels her coiled around his arm like a snake, she wont answer him, but that's ok.“We need to reach the entrance from there so I can use my strongest spells to-” A howl, too close for comfort, follows them along with a scream of fury. Seems like he didn't kill him yet.The hallways become darker, Gertrude curses and uses the light spell, but it seems to last less and less.“Its eating away at it!” She looks pissed off. The turn and reach a crossroad of hallways, before they manage to go right they are put in darkness, Pasha quivers and Gertrude holds his arm tightly. He can't see anything at all.She casts the light spell but it doesn't work.“Foolish to think that would work forever, my patron eats light” It sounds as if he was all round them. Something brushes his cheek and he turns quickly, swinging his arm out, but nothing is there.“I considered letting it eat you fast to make it a bit less painful, but i changed my mind” Gertrude loosens her hold over his arm.“You are not” He has a few seconds to wonder why she sounds so sure when he smells burnt wood. Elias has a few seconds to realize several things at the same time.He knows where they are relatively speaking.Gertrude using fire to illuminate the room will buy them time.Fire will also activate the traps that he and Peter sealed and apparently travel all across the tunnels.He doesn't have the time to stop her, let alone warn her, he sees a spark at the top of her staff and all he can't do is try to say her name, while pulling away and running with Pasha to the first hallway he remembers seeing.“Gertrude stop!”She doesnt stop. The room is illuminated by fire long enough for him to see the shadow beast, not in all its full glory, huge and animalistic, right behind them.Maxwell had the pipe and tried to swing at him, but he jumped out of the way and ran in the opposite direction.It doesn't take long for the explosions to start. He hears Gertrude call his name but the hallway caves and covers the entrance separating them. He doesn't pay any attention and just runs. The shockwaves travel all over and soon he starts to hear something very, very bad.Water starts to pour out. Elias is fairly sure Maxwell got crushed by the debris so he doesn't worry too much about him. His main problem was the water currently rushing in. “No, nonono” Of course there is water, part of the tunnel is under the water.“Li- Lie?” He tries to think, he knows where the way to the forest entrance is, so despite the rising threat he runs to where he thinks they can make it out. However of course the explosion messed it all up. There are dead ends and crumbling walls and more water dropping like waterfalls from the ceiling. “It's ok, I will find a way out” He has to, he needs to, he can't die here entombed.He can't die here again. Jonah doesn't want to die, he doesn't want to die-Elias shakes his head, HE doesn't want to die. He runs even as the water reaches his knees, it is harsh but he makes an effort, the worst part is how cold it it. They are at the bottom and its nighttime still, of course its freezing. The feeling reminds him too much of the lake and of himself drowning as a child.A way out, a WAY OUT!But everywhere he goes the place is broken down and impossible to navigate. He needs- He has to think of a plan, there has to be something he can do! Their lives depend on it.“Eye…”“Its ok, we are fine, i just need to think”The cracks are not big enough for anyone to go through, he needs a bigger hole and a place that is not as underwater to have a chance to swim out.A bigger room, a taller one! He prays to all there is, that the panopticon works. Because otherwise they are screwed. The water reaches his waist by now and he has to really make an effort to move. It's a miracle that they even manage to get there, but somehow they do, water level is at his chest now.“Lie what do we do? Pasha- Pasha is scared” He is too, but he pretends to be calm, if he panic’s now he will make it worse for her.“I know, but I have an idea, ok?” They reach the panopticon, Elias almost weeps tears of joy, at the top to the ceiling the crack is huge, the waterfall is filling the room and hallways quicker. If he climbs up all they need to do is wait till the room is filled and swim up. Sure he knows there is likely a chance that they are still too far down and that he won't be able to hold his breath. But staying and doing nothing is worse, like this at least he has hope to make it out. They have hope to make an escape.“Listen, we need to wait till the room is filled with water and then see that hole over there? We need to go and swim up ok princess? Can you turn into a- a fish or something that lives under water?” She finally moves from under his sleeve and goes to huddle on his neck.“I- Pasha can look like- like a tiny Opal, she was practicing, she wanted to show daddy” He tries to not cry.“That's very good, you did great, i’m sure- im sure he would love to see you both play” She sniffles and they make their way to the tower, the top doesn't have water yet, Jonah’s corpse is ominously gone, which sets him on edge immediately, but he has no time to question it.
  
  
Waiting is painful, but mostly because how twitchy he already is by the situation. Waiting doesn't help. Elias keeps trying to calculate how deep down they are in if there is a chance for him to swim to the surface. It's not deep enough that the pressure could kill him, but it is enough that it will make it hard to swim.“Eye… Pasha wants to go back home” Perhaps the second worst part is knowing he is in a death trap with his kid. Pasha, if she can turn into a small sea serpent, can  survive . But Elias' chances are slimmer, telling her as much would break her heart.“I know, you- we will be ok? And… I'm sorry. For all i said, i love you ok? So much… I am just hurt, because Peter said very cruel things and now… now I don't know if he was lying to me or not” He covers his face and tries to not cry in desperation.Peter is gone, likely in Mooreland if Micheal wasn’t lying, he has no idea if he meant the part about him dying either. If the man kisses him and it wasn't a dream like Elias thought… that means he loves him, love potions dont stop working unless the effect passes or someone gives you a true love kiss. All they hear is the water rushing down.“Daddy loves us… Pasha doesn't know why he would say mean things, but she knows he cares! Lie does too” She sniffles and rubs her face against his neck. He picks her up and looks at her between his hands.There is very well a chance that this will be the last moments they have together.“Pasha? I need you to be brave ok? I know… I know you are scared I get it, i- am too. But you have to be brave. When you are out, find Tim, pick up the cats and stay with him ok? He will look after you” She blinks her several eyes and shifts in place.“What about you?” He smiles at her. The lies feel bitter on his tongue.“I will try to catch up, you will swim faster than me which means you can reach the surface before i do. So once you are out, find Tim, or somewhere safe to stay until we can get to him” She seems hesitant but ends up nodding along. He pulls her close and she turns into her child form hugging him tight and burrowing her face close to his neck. He holds her as she cries.“I love you”“I love you too dad” He prays that they can make it.
  
  
  
  
The place is almost filled up, Elias was floating near the hole in the ceiling, Pasha was as a matter of fact a small sea serpent. She was as long as his legs, meaning she doesn't have the strength or the size to pull him with her to the surface.“Go first”“Nu-no! Pasha will swim with Lie- she- she can guide him yes!” That is true, but on the other hand if he cant hold his breath she will see him choke to death.“Remember what you promised me? I need you to find somewhere safe to be and then get Tim. I can handle myself” She swims around him and nudges his shoulder with her snout.“Promise Pasha” He tries very hard to dodge that, but she doesn't relent.“I promise i can handle myself” She doesn't seem fully convinced but he smiles at her and tries to lift her up to swim out.“Go I will be behind you, just get to the surface and stay somewhere safe, find Tim” She struggles but in the end nods and disappears from his view. He has 2 more minutes left before he has to hold his breath and swim.He regrets so many things. And more than anything he regrets that this is where he will likely die.Jonah died alone and unloved.Elias pushed and hurt everyone he ever loved away from him. Peter… he still loves, even now. He can't bring himself to hate him, or regret meeting him.Elias hopes, takes a deep breath and swims up. The pressure is hurting him, and keeping his eyes open is a pain, but he tries to swim up the best he can, he did get rid of his shoes to at least move better. The thing is that the further he is from the underwater prison, the more his awareness returns and his patron seems to inform him of the distance he is missing.He can't hold his breath that long. He tries, god he tries, he swims as much as he can even if the cold water makes him have flashbacks to his childhood. Even if his arms and legs ache from how much he is struggling to move up.Pasha is nowhere to be seen and that is perhaps the smallest of mercies. He swims and tries, but its not enough. He is only halfway through when he starts to run out of air.Elias against his own wishes and will, opens his mouth to try and suck on air that doesn't exist.He starts to choke on water.Maybe that was it, maybe he was always supposed to die as a kid by drowning. He bought time by surviving but underwater, alone and afraid of death is where he was always supposed to end up.Alone and forgotten like all his other lives.He doesnt think he learned anything. Maybe this was his punishment.His chest burns and it hurts. He struggles but cannot do anything, there is nowhere else to go.What a painful way to go.In the end Annabelle had been right about everything, Maxwell died because he wouldn't stop interfering with wanting to marry him instead of letting it be.Elias' decisions due to the missing prince led to his demise like the prophecy foretold. It all went exactly like she wanted. Jon is back and Elias is gone.He feels his body stop reacting and he loses consciousness. Elias passes out and all he sees are shadows in the water.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  The thing is, she never meant for this to happen, once upon a time all she tried to do was help a poor heartbroken man. She grew fond of him and she knew, or at least saw how Mordechai was with him. It was plain as day that he loved him, its why she could never understand why he refused to tell the truth. 

  Why he caused the young man to kill himself due to his hurtful words or why he denied himself to death. 

  Her fury was warranted, she lost her charge because of him. But then Mordechai also refused to speak with anyone, his friends, his children-  If he had said a genuine i love you to anyone, then the curse would have lifted. All he needed to do was be honest and open his heart. But… he never did.

  At first Missy stuck around after casting her curse, because she wanted to see how the story ended. She didn't consider that the curse would be passed down, all she wanted to do was see his funeral and his family. But instead… well they followed his lead.

  And it infuriated her. So, she later on wanted to see if they could learn as well, if they could be better than Mordechai had been. But what she saw instead was generations of Lukases refusing to acknowledge what she was trying to make them see. Refusing their feelings until they choked on them to death.

  Refusing them until they became nothing.

  The curse's answer was so simple it was astonishing how no one had broken it, but because every marriage had been out of convenience there was no love so to speak to reveal. As for showing care to their childrens… they were all so distant and afraid of getting sick that they never showed them love. More worried about their positions and their livelihoods rather than the happiness of the kids.

  Missy stayed and waited.

  Children upon children came and went, most died by the disease, that's when the family turned fearful and made things worse. Because those who got sick were the ones who were more… open with how they felt. But that they were more expressive did not mean they weren't just continuing with the trend of denying their feelings, since they were afraid by their parents' teachings to show it, the system was against them. Arranged marriages made them unhappy and so they lied about their feelings and got sick too.

  The fog that was supposed to be there temporarily but as the years went by it got homely and started to permeate the town and the people living there as well, they became disillusioned and numb. 

  When it was obvious that nothing would change she tried to leave, but that's when she realized that she just couldn't. Missy accidentally bound herself to this place until the curse was lifted. She longed for sunny days and to see the rest of her kind. She wanted to see Titania under the blue sky.

  Humans were honestly awful. 
  
    These 
  
  humans in particular, she held no care for. They were needlessly cruel to their young and turned on each other at the drop of a hat.

  Her ability to care was that of a normal fae, which means it did not conform to that of a regular person. Seeing as she was trapped there as well, she pranked and scared the maids, making the kings and queens that came fear her.

  Missy was caged and she wanted to leave.

  The forest became a hotspot for magical creatures to live in peace, since the humans did not dare step there and the fog was so ingrained now into the land that it made it perfect for them to live in.

  Life was boring, but she did have her moments where she still tricked those unfortunate enough to give her their names or owe her a favor. Silly little things! She smiles warmly at them and waits for her payment, smiles and laughs, she makes them crave closeness and then takes it away from them. They don't deserve it, Missy was tired and jaded of being stuck here.

  
  

  Then one day, the prince married a woman from town. She wasn't rich, not by a long shot, but she was beautiful and cold. She lived by the mill next to the bleeding willow tree, there were rumours of her family having witches, it's why later on people in town would say the place was cursed. But the prince didn't care about any of that, he married her and at first it was all the same.

  Arranged marriage, unhappy couple…

  But the prince, now king, was… softer, while his wife was all sharp angles and a cold calculating gaze that made people listen to her even if she spoke in whispers. 

  Everyone knew that queen Anna was the one you had to listen to and look out for.

  Then she did what most Lukas women did, had children, a lot of them in fact. Which was normal for them, they needed backups in case they died early. Which was a normal occurrence, however… This particular 5 children made it!! Which was interesting. Missy attempted to play with the girls, but they found her frightening. Somehow they could all tell she wasn't normal and it scared them off.

  Well, a shame she supposes, Missy always had a soft spot for kids, her only shame regarding the curse was the amount of children who got hurt through the years.

  Going back on topic, there were also the two boys, those she found more interesting. But for a different reason.

  Peter was the first born son, which meant he carried the burden of ending the curse once his father died and for what she could see it wouldn't take long, she has no idea what his wife is doing but she has never seen someone wither so quickly after marrying. Not only that but queen Anna didn't seem to care in the slightest, while her husband was slowly losing himself she kept the kingdom in shape by sheer strength of will.  

  And so Missy considered that Peter would fail like all the other Lukas men before him. He was already being raised in solitude even with four siblings around him, his mother was hellbent on making sure he was isolated and so loneliness was already like a second mother to the boy. He hid away from his sister's attempts at bonding, he kept his brother at bay.

  The boy would likely get ill and die within a month if he kept going like this.

  On the other hand Aaron was… softer, kind of like his father and it was perhaps the chance they needed. If she could foster some sort of relationship with him, if she could care for him and raise him right, maybe he would break the curse out of his own free will. If the boy knows love and care then he can use his words and break the curse!

  However to do that, Peter needed to die first so  the curse could go to Aaron. Who seemed more open than his already grumpy and isolated sibling.

  Missy had to consider, she loves kids, but... she was tired of being here, trapped and the only way out was breaking the curse, she couldn't even say what it was, because the words were only between her and Mordechai and the man was so stubborn he refused to tell anyone! It's why she prayed someone would break it by accident. 

  So in the end disposing of one boy to ensure the other released her and the kingdom from this hell was not too much of a stretch for her. Even if she didn't particularly find it thrilling like other creatures would, her mind goes to the changelings and Nikola, stealing, maiming and even abandoning their youths. 

  Disgusting.

  
  

  Missy waited until Peter, who was 5 and should not by any means be wandering around the woods like he did, to be alone. She didn't find it odd, because most Lukas kids tended to do this, it did not make it right of course, but what else could she do?

  The boy did not notice her at all, which served her well, she had time to change her shape to do what was needed, her eyes started to shine and her skin became more translucent and bluish, while her shape shifted slightly, her smile did not waver as her teeth became sharp enough to break bone. Missy approached him with intent to finish this and start her little pet project of looking after Aaron.

  Peter was already far too gone and she had no need for another cold empty Lukas. However before she could go and snatch him, she realized-

  That he was feeding some pixies with sweets and carefully trying to hold one in his open palm.

  Missy blinked.

  The small bug like creatures fluttered around him and made him giggle while they touched his cheeks. 

  “Hi, do you want- want to be my f-” He hesitates and lets them all play around him as Missy watches behind him.

  
    Oh.
  

  It dawned on her that she had been here so long that had been under the effects of her fog as well. She lost something after seeing the worst in people for so long. 

  When the small fae turns a little bit more forceful with the poor child, little things can only carry one feeling at the time and with Peter not having any more food they can turn vicious, she steps into their view and they flee. While the boy tries to call them back, saying he can get more food. 

  Its so sad it makes her say hello.

  The boy now startled, turned around, but Missy had already shifted back to a more…. normal appearance to not frighten him.

  “Little one if you want to feed them you need something else, candy makes them ill and they can get angry” His little face scrunched up and then it turned fearful. For some reason it tugged at her.

  “C-can you not tell my mmomy? She doesn't like em” The pixies are looking at them from the trees now.

  Missy keeps her smile and tilts her head slightly. The little boy after a few seconds of silence imitates her.

  The smile turns more genuine and soft. He looks like a little lost duckling, he was even wearing a yellow raincoat.

  “Of course! Say are you hungry? I believe there are some cookies in the kitchen” Peter blinks and nods, he tugs at his sleeves nervously and steps closer.

  “May i-” She cuts herself off, old habits she supposes and anyways, she doesn't want to have his name. It fits him rather well. “What should I call you?” Better.

  He looked at her perplexed.

  “I'm Peter…?” With a tenderness that she is not used to she ruffles his hair.

  “Well Peter you may call me Missy!! Its a pleasure to meet you” Missy is not her name, just like Mimsy, Misty or any of the others, she has a true name that only she and the other primordial faeries know. But for now, as she is here, as she is in the land of humans she likes the name Missy, it sounds… friendly, nice and warm.

  It makes her happy.

  Her smile never wavers and the little boy, very slowly imitates it too. Most likely not used to seeing someone smile. Which is a damn shame, Peter looks like he would look very good with a smile on his face.

  Offering her hand, Peter, with very collected movements, accepts it and looks up at her in question.

  “Good lad”

   

  They eat the cookies and she talks to Peter, telling him all about her home. A watered version of it, of course, but one she feels fond of. Its when she describes the sky and the ocean being a vibrant blue that he looks more interested.

  “But isn't it supposed to be grey?” She shakes her head sadly, one thing she regrets the most is the way the world turned so… washed out with the curse in place.

  “No, it's… only like that in here, out of Mooreland? The world is such a colorful place little one!”

  “Oh” He doesn't say anything else, but if she slips him some colors to draw that are not dreadfully dull, then its only because she was bored!

  Simon comes to visit as for usual and brings Titania along.

  The man, like her, warms up to the boy quickly. Titania, wonderful, bright and blunt Titania tells her mockingly how it was her turn to get her own human it seemed. The two fae watched both of their respective humans interact with amusement and fondness.

  Well, “humans” Simon was no longer one, but once upon a time he had. So it still stands, to them human lives are blips, so its not like him being human was that long ago.

  “I was going to kill him and let the brother break it, seemed more likely to it, but…. he was feeding pixies alone and laughing at their antics, he wanted to befriend them”

  “Oh Mim, you know it's bound to end badly don't you? If he fails… you will have to see him go” She… is unsure, it probably will, but she wants him to succeed.

  Missy wants Peter to 
  
    live more than anything.
  

  “Mm, maybe it won't” Titania gives her a look and she can feel her pity. She hates pity.
 
  Missy loves Titania, has loved her for an immeasurable amount of time. She doesn't mind Simon, her lovely Titania is endless and has enough space in her heart for them both. Besides she enjoys the man’s company, he is fun and cheerful and seeing him bring joy to her Titania makes her happy.

  Likewise he understands their feelings and lets them stay alone and have a few stolen moments while he goes to play with Peter somewhere else. The boy loves his stories of the ocean and that seems to please Simon so he takes him to the beach to give him a child friendly version of his adventures.

  Missy kisses Titania’s cheek while they change to more natural shapes and go to walk in the forest. Her lovely sky skin looked like the night sky, dark and endless with constellations marking her up, her hair was now the color of the ocean, blue with white to represent the foam. She was also even taller, not as big as she could be if they were in the land of the fairies, but big enough to reach the top of the trees in the forest. She picks her up easily and lets her sit on her shoulder. Missy is bigger too, and the fog she is made off rolls off from her in a waterfall, covering the ground. 

  They talked and spent the afternoon together in peace, it was a marvelous date.

  Missy can almost forget she is trapped and that his little one has to fight time and her curse. 

   
 
  Peter grows and she finds that she can love, albeit it's the type of love only her kind can have. Jealous and protective.

  Missy sees Peter’s siblings look at her in distaste while their brother slowly mimics her antics making them concerned for him. They try to make him play with them, but her little silly boy is mad at them because of how mean they are to her, plus his shy demeanor makes him look grumpy instead of awkward like she came to realize, so eventually they stop trying.

  Peter is shy, painfully so, but instead of looking nervous he turns mean to deflect. 

  On the one hand she feels elated that she is his preferred choice of companionship and that he cares about her enough to be mad on her behalf. Yet  on the other hand, if Peter doesn't learn to connect to others, to 
  
    love 
  
  and let it be shown or known, this little hell will continue.

  So she tries to bargain with the oldest ones, they are so wary of her they refuse any advice Missy gives them. She doesn't understand why! That is until she catches the queen talking to Lydia and giving Missy a narrowed look. 

  
    Rude.
  

  She was only trying to help, but clearly the queen didn't want her messing up her little nightmare system of raising the kids.
 
  Later that day she sits down and watches Peter walk around in the forest, she pouts, its hard to do this and the humans don't really understand her and seem to actively impede her progress!! She doesn't have the luxury of having a Simon to help her. All she has is herself, her type of magic and… kind mean that she is always like this.

  Alone.

  She doesn't get along with those who are like her, in fact they repel each other. Instead she likes Titania because there is freedom with her and they can be alone together. 

  Missy must have spaced out because the next thing she knows is that her child is presenting a rather crude attempt at a flower crown at her. 

  Blinking in confusion she tilts her head and calls out for the child.

  “Peter?” He bounces from one feet to the other in anxiety

  “You're not smiling” She isn't? Missy was feeling sort of down and did not realize that her smile had slipped, how un-sightfull! Smiles make everything better.

  “So you made me a… flower crown?” He nods and hides his burning cheeks on his little scarf that she made him, blue, black and grey “

  “I like it when you are happy, your smiles are pretty” She almost melts on the spot, her child is so cute!!!

  “Peter… were you trying to cheer me up?”

  He looks elsewhere and the fog around them swirls in indecision. To fae flower crowns can mean several things, for some it's a marriage proposal, others don't see it as anything but just decorations. To her it means her boy cares enough about her to give her something to make her happy.

  Her boy, her child her-

  
    Her son.
  

  His nods and her lips turn upwards into an honest smile.

  “Thank you my little starfish, would you like me to show you how to make it better?” She pats the ground next to her and Peter sits. They stay like that, with her softly explaining how to make a proper crown and Peter slowly leaning against her side. He plays with the fabric of her skirt and looks with rapt attention at what her hands do.

  Missy knows now that she would murder everyone in the castle and town for this child happiness, would tear them apart to pieces with her six hands and turn their bodies into nothing. The fae dont love like humans, she boops his nose and he scrunches it up before pouting at her.

  Peter's face is still chubby, he still has that childhood baby fat that soon will melt away as he enters his teens and grows up. This boy she will protect with her life, he is hers. Her family now and no one will take that away from her.

  Once she is done she puts on the crown and asks how it looks like. Peter stays quiet for a while and she stares at him in silence. Neither bothered by the other silence or the odd atmosphere.

  “Like- like a fairy queen?”

  
    Oh sweet lonely child. If only he knew…
  

  She opens her arms and abruptly hugs him. He is frozen in the spot, but after a few tense moments he slowly melts and presses his face tightly against her neck while hugging her with all her might. Almost as if he was afraid she would slip between his fingers. 

  Missy will protect him.

   

  She tells him the story of what truly happened, she can't say what the words are, but the meaning is obvious, she tries to hammer down what he needs to do as best as she can.

  Missy sings to him, to him it's just humming but she pours out how she feels into it. Magic woven into the song, creating an imprint of words that those like her should be able to pick.

  She loves him and is so sorry.
 
  Years pass by flying, Peter turns 25. He studied and learned how to sail, so he could replace Nathaniel and deal with the trade to Aella. Simon and him got along so well it would be much easier to work too, more efficient.

  And her son confided in her how much he wanted to go and see the sky as blue and bright as she described it, the ocean as well. He never sailed too far away from Mooreland where the effect of the curse touched the surrounding area as well. He would become Captain of his own shipt till he turned 27 at least, he needed a bit more practice yet.

  Of course things don't last, because one morning the princesses and prince disappear without trace or warning, two weeks before their brother’s 27 birthday. Missy was even planning to make a small “party” to celebrate his job and get him to hand out more with his siblings. 

  Through the years he did start to talk and stay with them, Peter let Clara teach him how to fight, he liked to sit near Lydia while she painted or read, he even shared a few recipes with Judith!

  With Aaron they took to playing a few pranks on the guards, but seeing as no one really reacted much as they were too numb for it, they were not that funny.

  Point is, he was in some way closer to them than ever. Even if he kept saying he wasn't as she teased him about it.

  That's why it made the fact that they all left without telling him anything much worse.

  Missy can know where they are within the bubble of the land, but when she tries she feels a sting that makes her cry out in pain. Somehow, one of them figured out how to make a protection charm against her.

  The queen is furious and when Peter-

  Sweet, sweet Peter realizes that they left without him, she knows what will happen.

  Its not instant, no, but after more years of being trained in all the things her siblings were being taught so he could rule instead, while being denied his place as captain and finally having to see the queen get rid of the only evidence of his siblings existence along with his own.

  Her little starfish breaks.

  
  

  
    He gets ill.
  

  
    Her child is sick, her child is going to die, all because of her, oh stars above no, please no-!
  

  Her curse caused her child to be doomed to die and she can't change it, she tries! So much and with so many combinations, but the curse had been casted so long ago that even now she couldn't take it away.

  After her failure she attempts her second option.

  Missy feeds Peter fairy food in the hopes that if he becomes one of them he would be able to 
  
    survive
  
  . It doesn't matter that the boy, no, the man would be mad, as long as she gets him to 
  
    live
  
  . He can spend an eternity being mad at her, she can take that.

  All Peter needs is to live, she will stay in Mooreland forever if it means she saves his life.

   
 
  Of course the queen, that awful wretched woman, tells 
  
    her son, because Peter is by all magical laws hers. 
  
  That the only thing they can do now is get him a wife to make an heir to keep the line and hope it doesn't die. All she wants to do is replace him. She doesn't care about him at all, does not see him look at the marks in his arms and how terrified he looks.

  Missy can only cry and try to change him to save his life.

   

  Of course she doesnt count on Peter wanting to leave. She should have, he wanted to sail away, she should have known better that he would want to go.

  In one of their walks in the woods, he picks up a bag that he had apparently put in the forest in secret while letting the creatures around keep it safe. He tells her they are going, holds her hand and guides her away.

  She can't go, she tells him as much. Her boy looks confused and tries to reason with her.

  “I don't have long, but i want to go, i don't want to marry and die here without doing anything i ever wanted! We can- we can go to Aella and stay with Simon and- and Titania. I just want to- I want us to go! I know you miss your home, this place doesn't fit you. Mother is terrifying but if we make it out you will be fine” She wants to weep.

  She wants to go, wants to stay with him, wants to do what he is saying has wanted that for years. They could be a family, Peter is close to being like Simon, he can teach him and- and she and Titania can look after them and it would be perfect-!

  But-

  But she can't because she is trapped.

  Missy apologizes and he still doesn't understand- So... she changes, she cant control her shape, its too much. Peter sees her for the first time for what she really is.

  His hand is still holding hers. At least one of them.

  “Missy?” He sounds confused, not afraid.

  “
  
    I'm sorry Peter, I'm so sorry, it was never meant to last this long! It was merely supposed to last a few years- I never meant for it to get so out of control i promise-
  
  ” He looks at their joined hands, her form is sort of weird for most human comprehension, but the fog that drops out of her shape, tells him everything.

  “You are the fairy that cursed the land” She nods and grips his hand.
“I am, and I'm sorry for causing you to get ill, I never meant to- you are my- my child. But! But it's ok, I can make it better still sweetie! “ She smiles encouragingly at him “ If i keep giving you more food from my land you will be like me and it should be ok, you should be fine, Simon can teach you how its like to change and- and you will be safe” She doesn't notice his face of fear at first, so glad that she can finally tell him everything 
  “
  
    Oh it would be wonderful! You will be fine and we can stay like a family, and- maybe if we are lucky the curse passes onto Aaron and he can solve it! I'm sure he can, I wish you would have been born in the opposite order so it wouldn't weigh you down starfish. But if it does, then we can go and explore and I can show you my land-” 
  
  Peter starts to tug at her hand, at that she notices him breathing more heavily, she tilts her head to the side in question.

  He seemed desperate.

  “
  
    What's wrong my shining star?
  
  ”

  “You- you have been turning me into a fae?! What do you mean to pass the curse onto Aaron?” Why is he so upset? She is trying to help him, humans are still weird even her little one, despite being around her so long and picking up her mannerisms. 

  “
  
    The first born son is the one who has to break the curse, if you die it passes onto your brother. I thought Aaron was most likely to do it, but you ended up being such a cute little thing i could not bear to hurt you, even if i wanted to leave, this place is just as much of a prison to me as to everyone else
  
  ” He stops and looks at her with a flash of-

  Hurt?

  
    “Peter-?”
  

  “You wanted to hurt me? You wanted to 
  
    leave me-
  
  ” She blinks a few times and frowns, his voice sounds wrong and she has to lean down- her shape is much taller like this. Like this she can see that his eyes are wet.  Is he crying?!

  She tries to use her extra hands to wipe those away, but he flinches making her let out a pained sound.

  
    “Just for a little, like i said i changed my mind immediately, you- you weren't afraid of me or the magical creatures, you were lonely and you wanted friends and to be honest… so was i, lonely i suppose, my own curse must have hitted me-”
  

  “I don't want to be a fae!” She tuts at him.

  
    “Interrupting is rude, well there is no other way love, unless you break the-”
  

  “How!” Her mouth shuts close, she tries to say it, she really does, but two of her hands go straight to her mouth, while the third grabs her throat, and the fourth one still clings to Peter. The last ones hug her middle.

  “Missy, how do I break the curse-!?” Her eyes close and the forest is dead silent.

  
    “I can't- I can’t say it- I'm. Peter, look, just let's go back and let me give you more food! It would be fine, it doesn't hurt, you have already changed and didn't even notice it-!” 
  
  His breathing comes faster which is concerning for a human, he starts to tug harder to free his hand.

  “Let me go-”

  
    “Honey be reasonable-”
  

  “Missy LET ME GO!” She releases him immediately. Peter has never yelled before.

  
    “Pe-”
  

  “I don't want you to pick what to do with my life, not you, mother, uncle, my siblings! Why do you all get to decide what I do for me?! I just wanted to sail and be free on my own! Why cant none of you really-” No

  “Leave me-”

  Nononoono

  “
  
    PETER-!”
  

  “ALONE!” The fog grows like a wall that even she can't control and her little star looks at her in terror.

  “I- i hate you, you lied, you- you didn't even care did you? it must have been fun to play with me-!”

  “
  
    NO, NO, Sweetie-
  
  ” He gives her a last look full of hurt and pain that tears her in half.

  “Hopefully, hopefully Aaron breaks the curse huh? Goodbye Missy” He looks so defeated and miserable- His words feel like a blow, just like with Mordechai, who lied to her face about what he felt and broke her friend's heart.

  The fog, even if she tries to reign it in, blinds even her and by the time she manages to look for him. Peter is gone from the terrain of Mooreland, effectively out of her range. She won't see Peter again, she won't see her little starfish again, because he is going to die alone and forgotten like all the rest of the Lukas.

  She scared him when all she ever tried was to help him. She manipulated him just like everyone else had. Missy cries and rain falls all over the kingdom in her grief. She hurt him even when she did not mean to and now she is alone.

   

  
  
  
  
  

  Titania comes to her, Simon has a screaming match with the queen when he finds out what she told Peter and what she did to the painting.

  Simon tries to cheer her up but its no use, Missy is breaking apart at the seams, Titania stays, for as long as she can. 

  She cant do anything but stay in bed, nothing her bright sky says can help, her son is gone and she will never see him again. There wont be any bones to mourn, the worst part is that he will be gone hating her and everyone else, effectively falling into the same fate as all the others before.

  Missy failed so miserably that she considers starting over. It would hurt less to forget, to start anew, but her Titania wont let that happen, won't let her tear herself apart in her grief.

  
  
  

  Missy makes her sick, not on purpose, but the fog covering the sky and ocean hurts Titania and makes her ill, she has to go. Which of course she refuses, she knows her Mimsy will do something bad.

  But she gives her no choice, in a moment of energy, she writes to Simon and uses magic to send him a warning, to let him know Titania is sick. The man comes hidden away, but comes for her. Missy promises to not hurt herself or start again, she makes an oath, it's enough to calm her partner to agree to leave with Simon.

  
  

  Anna Lukas had five children and now she has none. Without a child of Lukas blood her position is in question, meaning that Nathaniel has a claim, meaning that one of Peter’s cousins could take the throne and demote her.

  She is queen consort not regent. They let her stay because of her kids.

  Missy stares at the one who hurt her son. 

  “If you keep me in the throne, i promise i will find my son before his death and bring him to you” Missy tilts her head. It would be too late to save him, but-

  But she can at the very least have him die safely here. All she wants is to see him again, Missy doesn't want Peter to die alone and forgotten like everyone before him, she wants him to know he was loved.

  “Deal” Anna nods.

  “Good, I have an idea where he might be and… i found someone perfect to bring him back” Missy doesnt ask, all she does is sigh and start to cast her magic. Its been a while since she did a proper deal.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Peter stays for a while, after Elias falls asleep. He watches him sleep and considers what to do, the truth is that he knows. It's just that he doesn't want to, for a brief moment, for a few weeks he believed that things would go well, that they would kiss, the curse would break and he could tell Elias who he is and they could finally be together.


  Almost like a fairy tale, but now he knows he can't, that hoping was for nothing, that all he did was make things worse. That he will hurt Elias even more when it's time to say what he needs to make him hate him, because all their time together now, all the close touches and moments will be ruined. Because Peter will have to be cruel and lie and make sure that the man sleeping next to him, never forgives him. 


  He won't let him see him wither away into nothing, won't spend his last weeks having Elias struggle to find a cure that doesn't exist while having him pity Peter in his last moments. He refuses to let it come to that.


  It was cruel to give him hope and to rip it out, it would have hurt less if he hadn't actually started to believe that he could make it, that he had a future.


  Now? Now all he has are regrets and things he wants to do and have but never will.


  He will never get to stay with Elias, to see Pasha grow, to prank others with Helen, to talk to Mikaele and Tadeas… to have fun with Tim!


  He will never get to marry the man he loves, all he will do is hurt him.


  Rubbing his eyes first he disentangles himself from Elias and gets up slowly. Picking up his coat and things he makes his way out of the room towards his own. Inside he sees Pasha curled up sleeping. He stares at her for a while, she doesn't remember and he hasn't shown her his tattoos, so she is unaware of the curse and of who he is. 


  She will also hurt and Peter will have to say things to her as well, to ensure she doesn't try to follow him. 


  
  


  Sleep is full of nightmares and in the morning he takes a few moments to think about what to do. One thing he regrets is telling Tim, not because he doesn't appreciate all his help, but because Peter knows he will tell Elias once he realizes what he did. He will tell him everything and ruin all his efforts.


  Tadeas for his part can hold a secret.


  That also makes Peter feel worse, if he can't break the curse… then Tadeas dies, the man doesn't deserve that after all his services. Peter prays he lasts until Aarong solves it and gets to live a longer life. He also wishes he could leave Mooreland to have a better shot in life than by staying by his mother’s side.


  After ruminating on it for a bit, he decides to talk to the fairies first, seeing as they deceived him, then tell Tadeas and… let him know where his siblings are. Peter will write a letter, hoping it will be enough to sway them to at least consider doing him this one favour, the last one he would ever ask. 


  He hopes they don't dislike him so much that they will refuse, otherwise it will have to be plan b, and despite everything no one should have to deal with mother. But again, a small vindictive part of him wants them to… suffer a bit. Because if he had to, if they got away and get to live the rest of their lives happily ever after while he has to die, then he wants them to hurt.


  It's cruel he knows, but Peter never had much back home, he was alone and it was his own decision. But now that he has been away for so long he realizes that everything he chose was based on fear.


  Fear that their mother fostered.


  Even now he was still afraid of consequences, punishments and… rejections. Peter wanted to tell Elias how he felt, wanted to be honest, but he was afraid and because of that he couldn't bring himself to do it. 


  He also did not want… pity, didn't want to spend his last days making the other miserable and have to make him see him disappear like his father did. Peter knows that Elias would help, that the other would too. He also knows that when he finds out that he is dying he will be as hurt or maybe even more so than with Pasha.


  Peter can't face that.


  So he takes the simple way out, the only problem will be Tim and Helen, but Peter thinks that perhaps he could use his magic to temporarily deter him. He makes sure Tim stays away from Elias, Peter acts like a jerk to him and finally he goes.


  It's the best he can hope for, at most he will be already too far away for him to catch. That’s all he can expect at this rate.


  
  


  He tells Pasha very gently that he will be out for the day and asks her to stay with Tim, she nods and hugs him tightly before saying that she had so much fun the day before.


  “Pasha felt like a princess and got to dance with daddy and dad” He smiles albeit a bit brokenly at her.


  “I'm happy for you kiddo” She grins at him and its painfully honest.


  “Pasha loves you daddy thank you” The child’s hold is tight and Peter relents, he will lose this, so he can at least enjoy it while he still can. Kneeling down he picks her up and holds her as close to himself as he can. He doesn't say the words, he can't say i love you when he knows he will break her heart later.


  The lies he will tell will be harder to believe otherwise.


  Instead he just lets her hug him and he kisses the top of her head before letting her down again. 


  “Be good to Tim ok? And… look after Captain too, promise?” The child nods and he ruffles her oddly textured hair before dropping her off  at Tim’s room, then he goes to see the ones who claimed he could solve this whole thing.


  Usually fae don't lie, it hurts them, what they do is deceive or twist the truth, so that they can always say that they never tricked you. He must surmise that's what they did, that all this time all they wanted was some amusement from him, the help and talks were all part of some ploy to see him fail. It's infuriating to consider.


  He thought they were his- his allies.


  
    Saying friends would hurt more.
  


  Peter takes the time to pick up some food unnoticed, ignoring the kitchen staff and walk into the forest. From there he just walks straight to the entrance and once he is in the clearing he tries to calm down. Seeing all of the creatures moving around happy as they can be after they deceived him was like a slap.


  Making his way to the little island where the pixies liked to hang out he tried his best to do anything stupid, despite his anger there were all magical creatures and could hurt him if provoked. Still, Peter felt a bit odd, like there was something lodged on his chest that he couldn't get out. 


  When he arrives the pixies all start to fly over to him and ask questions while the other creatures look curiously.


  “Did it work?”


  “Yes, did you kiss!!”


  “Did he like the clothes?” For a moment he considers that they don't know, that they weren't lying and they honestly believed that the kiss would solve it. He doesn't know if it's better or worse, their mistake just made him more miserable even if it wasnt with ill intention.


  “No, yes, yes” They stop moving and float midair looking at him puzzled.


  “Why not?”


  “How could it not work!! Did you do it wrong?”


  “Something must not have been done right silly!! Go and try again, the solution is-” He is so tired, so tired and so done and he 
  
    aches
  
  .


  Peter aches all over, his lungs feel like they are filled with cotton most of the time, the fog tattoos are completely spread out across his chest, they feel like vines holding him tight. He can ignore it more often than not, but it's getting to be a little bit too much.


  He has weeks at most.


  Its draining and painful and… sad.


  Very, very sad. It's why he crosses his arms and scolds them.


  “I did everything right! I did what you told me and it didn't work, I failed, all my efforts were for nothing. Your advice was just- just useless. Nothing was solved and I'm still dying!!” Peter paces, he doesn't see the fog materializing at his feet.


  “You- you tricked me somehow didn't you? It must have been soooo fun to see me play your little games. Was is worth it? All I can hope for now is to leave quickly and avoid making Elias and the others suffer even more by looking for something that won't appear!” The pixies all look startled and try to approach his face but he bats them away, the fungus fae calls him out.


  “We didn’t lie!! The solution is right there if you go- if you leave now you will never make it work. Listen is not hard, just be honest with the little king, that's all!” The gall to tell him that-!


  “Honest? HONEST?! How can I be honest now!!! It was supposed to work, we kissed the curse breaks and- and I told him everything. How can I tell him now that I have a few weeks left? How can I explain all the lies! I don't want this last few weeks to be spent in bed with Elias looking for a cure while I waste away. I don't want to see him be mad at me in my last moments! All I wanted… all i wanted was for things to work out, i wanted to live, for the first time since i found out i was sick i had hope that i could, you gave me that and now?” He finally does see the mist covering the grass, the creatures on the ground look a bit dizzy.


  “Now because of you I lost even that!”


  “No- wait! Kiss? Just kiss? No talk?” The small one that usually clung to him asks in a tiny voice.


  “I- we did! We talked and-” Well Elias talked at the very least, Peter was just happy to go with the flow. Mainly finally being able to be close to him like he had been thinking of for months.


  “And nothing, just… just nothing, I'm still going to die. Heh, hehehe, Missy was right wasn’t she? Aaron was the one who was meant to break the curse” He knows that's not what she said, but at this moment he is too hurt and upset to actually think of it.


  “No! No, Foggy one you are so close, we swear, we promise, we do not lie, you just have to talk and try again, be honest! We can't say more, but it is simple. Please listen to us!!” The small one grabs a few strands of hair and pulls a bit, her sisters fly around him and keep chittering asking questions nonstop.


  “Stop that- stop! With what purpose!!! It's not going to work, nothing is! Whatever it is, I can't do it, im- I'm wrong! I'm just-” Peter knows he just never wants to admit it, but-


  “I'm just wrong, I'm broken. I have always been like that. Too quiet for my siblings, not enough for my mother. Always off for some reason or another, it's why I have nothing. Nothing I do ever works and in the end all I do is ruin things, for myself and others. I'm just… I'm just useless. I can't even break a curse that is “easy” i cant- cant make Elias happy or stay with him or Pasha. All I am good for, all I was meant for is to be…” He looks at his hands, that's the thing isn't it? Peter can never be what anyone wants. He is made of pieces of what others push into him and he has to hope it's enough. Has to keep himself together, no matter what even if it's jagged and hurts.


  “Foggy- foggy wait, your magic-”


  “I am meant to be alone” The pixies try to deny it and tell him no, but he cant hear that, he only wants…


  “You're not! You have the others and if you all talked to each other-” More and more creatures try to pipe in, it's too loud, they grab him and he panics. It's too much.


  “Leave-”


  “Foggy?” The small pixie he saved ducks to hide in his hair.


  “Me-” The fog swirls and grows and reaches all across the clearing.


  “ALONE” That weird pressure in his chest, that excess of energy burst out somehow and the next thing he knows is that the pixies all fall to the ground, he manages to barely catch them in his hands, the land creatures all seem to pass out around him. When he spins to look, the entire place is covered in his fog, all around the faeries start to simply…fall down.


  He checks quickly if they were breathing and finds some relief at knowing they are. It was early so most creatures were at their homes. Peter picks up the ones in the little island and places them somewhere safe. Despite the bitterness and betrayal he doesn't want them to get hurt or die. 


  Just in case he tries to wake them up. Shakes them a bit, talks loudly, but nothing. They were all completely out of it. He… did this, but he doesn't know how to reverse it.


  When he realizes that he starts to panic, he has no idea what he did or why they reacted like this. He is aware that his magic causes them to get a bit sleepy, in humans it is more dangerous, but Peter never used the fog like this before. The one time he recalls his magic acting up was when he tried to make Missy leave him alone.


  He kept attempting to do something, to say something to reverse the effect but nothing worked. 


  He just…


  Peter slumps down and stays there. He wanted to be alone, well? He most definitely is, it doesn't matter that they were all there physically, what is more lonely than being surrounded and yet having no one around?


  He despairs until he feels something moving over his head, that's when he recalls the pixie. With shaky hands he tries to take her off his hair, she is still awake, but barely so.


  “I didn't mean to! I don't know- I don't know what I'm doing, how do I fix this?” Peter never tries to figure out how to use the magic he has, it wasn't his to begin with. It was a product of the curse and Missy feeding him fairy food. Neither thing brought him comfort so he pretended he didn't have it, even if the powers worked on their own most of the time as he told Elias.


  It wasn't until he focused on the circus to go through the bars that he made an active effort to try and use it for something useful rather than hide his presence within the fog. 


  The small creature, Flare if he recalls correctly, merely blinks slowly at him.


  “Sleepy…”


  “No, no, don't fall asleep, how do I turn it off?!” She nuzzles his hands.


  “Open up...the more you close the more you hurt, being alone is not…” She drifts off. He nudges her but it's too late she was as out of it as everyone else.


  “I-i don't want to be alone” No one answers him.


  He places her in her house, a small construction on the tree, he also puts her sisters there.


  Peter looks around seeing what he has done and moves away, he can't help them now, he doesn't know how.


  
  
  
  


  Finding Tadeas is easy, taking him to his ship to talk too. Explaining that he failed not so much. By the end of it Peter is holding his face with both hands, they were at the small kitchen sitting by the table. The other man was quiet.


  “I can’t do it, it didn't work, so… I will do plan b. My siblings, they are at-”


  “Wait. Just… wait” Peter doesn't look at him. “Peter I just… are you sure? Is this a good idea?” The answer is simple enough.


  “No, not at all, but I can't deal with staying here and spending what little I have left, hurting everyone, there won't be anything left of me to mourn either. I would rather just… go peacefully. Let Aaron do what I seem to be incapable of and end this” He can hear him sigh. 


  “I hope he can at least do it fast, so that you don't get hit by the worst parts of the curse. And Tadeas? You really should look for another place to work” That makes the man choke a laugh, it sounds a bit strained.


  “I know, actually now that I left, I realize that would be a great idea. I suppose that back home there was never a reason for me to try and go. I was just… content in my own corner, but now? I can see that I was just so used to living in that fog that I never knew there was anything else to miss or want” That he can understand at least.


  “Yeah… I get it, I feel the same way” They stay both quiet for a while, eventually Peter uncovers his face and looks at him, Tadeas seems tired and honestly sad.


  “Look, I will write them a letter and give it to you tomorrow. I… trust you can give it to them” He has to at least. The other man looks like he wants to refute him, but ends up nodding.


  “I don't like this, i don't think- are you sure? There is nothing else you can do? Something else you can try! There has to be something before you go with the worst possible path of self destruction” And Peter wants with all his heart to be something else, but the fairies did not help. Talking, right, as if that would solve this. 200 years! They kissed and… and Elias told him he loved him and Peter is still slowly dying, with nothing to hope for.


  “If there was? I don't have the time to figure it out, I- i have weeks left. I thought I had more, but its spreading faster than I thought. The tattoos are already almost touching my heart, they definitely have a hold over my lungs already. I keep coughing more and more fog… the only thing i'm missing is-” Taking a deep breath he opens and closes his fists.


  “Becoming intangible” Peter nods at Tadeas finishing his sentence. 


  “My hair is almost all white now, the enchanted ring is keeping it hidden, i mean it, if there is something else to do? I don't have the luxury of time to figure it out. Once I'm gone, Aaron will have more time to… I don't know, try and fix it? Break it as Missy seemed to believe he would?”


  The room is quiet in a funerary sort of way. Both know that this is pretty much it.


  “Ok, i promise to deliver the letter, when are you going to…” Peter considers, the quicker the better, like ripping a bandaid.


  “Three days from now. I will have time to prepare my things to go and say goodbyes to those I want while preparing myself to say what I need to make sure Elias kicks me out. After that i will send Tim away with my magic for long enough to not let him snitch on me to Elias, then i'm off to the sea”


  “And that's it?” Peter takes a deep breath. He wants his last moments to be outside in an open sky. He wants to die on his own terms, not locked up in a castle, not on a bed while everyone he loves goes around frantically looking for a solution that does not exist.


  And most definitely, he doesn't want to die in Mooreland. If he goes he wants to do it in a place that doesn't remind him of the cold castle, his mother or his dying father trapped in his own room.


  Peter will disappear into the ocean, maybe… maybe in his next life he gets to meet Elias again, perhaps he is luckier in that one and he is not born a Lukas.


  “That's it” They stare at each other. “I will give you the letter tomorrow along with their location”


  “Mm you don't want me to know until you are already going” That is a fair point.


  “Can you blame me?” And Tadeas snorts.


  “No, I suppose not. Then that's about it, I will do what you ask as a last favour Captain” Somehow Peter is happier about him recognizing him as that then as a prince. It makes him smile a bit.


  “Thank you” It's nothing grand in the bigger scheme, a goodbye of sorts. “Hope you have better luck than me with your fair lady” Peter might have a foot on the grave already but he does want to tease him one last time. Tadeas chokes and tries to deny it, he can see it on his face, but then he relents.


  “It's a work in progress ok? I don't want to give her hope if I'm already… well you would know. But as it is? Even if it's my last act, I would like to enjoy myself, for however long I have” Huh.


  “Braver than me for sure” Tadeas nods and that's about it, they turn their separate ways and Peter is alone. He decides to take the time to write his letter in peace. Albeit he makes sure to go somewhere else. The last thing he wants is for Elias to find him, so? He goes to town to Miriam's place to have somewhere to write in peace. Peter knows Jonah won't be able to follow him there without calling attention to himself so he is safe.


  Writing is… hard, there are so many angry things he could say! So many questions and recriminations, but in the end he also knows that it was on him too. He prefered to be alone, that not caring about him was perhaps the most expected end, yet somehow it still hurt.


  Recalling the times he did get along with his siblings and when they did get to be mildly happy did not bring him any joy or comfort. It only made things harder.


  It takes a while, but he decides to be as honest as possible while also being diplomatic. Elias would be proud of that. Peter knows appealing for himself would be useless, clearly they don't care enough about him, but Judith and Aaron had always been soft, especially about kids. Clara and Lydia were mildly indifferent to them, but the other two? They were taught to deal with the people, charities, requests, social interactions that were beneath Lydia according to their mother.


  They were soft, that's the point. And even if Peter is not sure what the deal was to help Pasha, since drunk Elias didn't go completely in depth, he knows that the little king needs that marriage to keep her safe. And that 's enough.


  The letter is then much easier to do.


  He summarizes what happened and how he ended up in Opperior, Judith saw him cough and also his hands of course, the tattoos were visible enough. Its wont be hard for them to believe that he escaped to not die back home trapped with their mother. 


  Explaining Elias without sounding like an absolute sap is a bit harder, but he pulls through. He gives facts and implies his feelings for him being of a more… romantic nature. Which is what leads him to ask this of his brother, to marry him to please help him save the little girl that Judith saw that day.


  The man that was with him, that was Elias the king, he was using magic to change his shape.


  From there he tells them what he did with the fake Letters, pretending to be Aaron to buy time, and that Tadeas was helping 
  
    him
  
  , not his mother. Then he does the hardest part.

 

  
    -I know you probably dont like me, but I just need you to do this for me, ok? I care about him so much you have no idea and if i can't help him, then i please ask you to do it for me.
  


  
    The little girl that Judith saw? Her life depends on Elias marrying someone of royal blood. I don't know the full details, but he made a deal with a magic creature to save her. She is like I mentioned before, not human, but I (love) care for her like my own, so please just do this one thing? For her sake, Aaron. I wouldn't ask this if I didn't need your help. I wouldn't even bother any of you again if it wasn't an emergency. I get it ok? I'm not any kind of good and I was a horrible weird kid, but at the very least I want to do one good thing right. 
  


  
    So help my (scratched all over) friend and kid.
  


  
    Peter (Lukas) Foster
  


  He hopes its enough, otherwise he will need Tadeas to snitch on their location to their mother and let her deal with it instead.


  He stays in town just walking around taking in the sighs and trying to commit them to memory. Mooreland was pretty, but with the fog it was hard to see. Opperior was bright and beautiful, he could watch people going around doing their own thing for hours.


  Back home everyone was always so dreary and depressed that it didn't matter who he was watching. It became repetitive quickly. This place was full of life and it was… it was somewhat like home.


  Aella as well, Peter at one moment believed that he could go there and stay, that he could take Missy and live with Simon and Titania until the end. But it crashed and burned very quickly.


  They knew too, must have, about the curse, about the change that Missy was doing. Going to Aella would have ensured a one way ticket back to Mooreland or a lie about not knowing. Peter thought, foolishly, that the old king and the fae queen were fond of him, but how could they? To them everyone else are just… ants. Peter was lucky and stupid enough to believe…


  To honestly believe that anyone could care about him back home. Missy, the magical creatures there, his siblings, Simon, Titania… even his mother to a degree. Albeit that last one crashed and burned so badly it's honestly astounding he ever thought he might be her favourite, Peter was convenient and that's it.


  Peter had always been only convenient. 


  …


  Until-


  He thinks of the others. He clenches his fists, the one time he finds people that he actually likes… and he has to lose them too. What a horrible joke his life turned out to be.


  A never ending joke.


  
  


  He stays out until late at night where he finally enters his bedroom and finds Pasha in bed all tucked in. Peter changes as quietly as possible so as to not wake her up. Out of all of them she is the one that gets him the worst, he needs to hurt Elias, hurt her to make sure they don't try to follow him. The easiest way to do that… would be to be like his mother.


  Peter already mistakenly tried to do that with Pasha before and it really hurt. He doesn't want to be like that. She mumbles about her day and he has to breathe in and out trying and failing to imagine what he can say to her face.


  She catches on something being off because when she turns around to see him, Pasha asks if anything is wrong. Clearly he needs to keep his tone more even otherwise he will crumble the moment Elias stares at his face. Instead of any lie he could try and say all he manages is a weak-


  “I'm sorry Pasha” Her eyes glow in the dark a bit and he can see the confusion.


  “About what?”


  “Just… I am sorry kid, I hope one day you forgive me” He does, he hopes that one day she can remember him and not be mad. Her next words and actions have him wrap her in a hug.


  “I forgive you, i love you!” Mumbling apologies to her and to whoever is listening he hopes when he dies it's quick. And that it hurts less than what he will do in the next few days.


  “Can you hum me the song?” Peter wants to refuse, but its the least he can do, so he hums the song Missy made for him. Pasha relaxes and eventually falls asleep. Soon he follows and when the sun comes out he changes, kisses her forehead making her smile in dreams and goes outside. He has one day left.


  
  


  Peter steals food from the kitchen again and goes to do his own thing. Before dropping the letter with Tadeas he has a moment, a brief moment to contemplate seeing Simon. Just to say goodbye, but at the same time if he did the old man was powerful enough to keep him in place and not let him fulfill his wish to disappear.


  He wants to, but at the same time its perhaps for the best to let him just forget him. Why drag things more than necessary huh? So with that resolve he goes to find Tadeas, the man was already up, used to waking up early so Peter has no issue to deliver the letter, tell him where his siblings are working-


  “Albeit i can't confirm if Lydia is with them, i did not see her or hear her at all” And then it's just awkwardly staring.


  “Well, this is it?” Peter nods.


  “Tomorrow I'm off I suppose and I don't think I will have the time to say any more goodbyes so…” Tadas nods and after a beat offers his hand for a shake. Peter is glad it's only that and not a hug, it wouldn't fit either of them.


  
  


  He decides to spend his time in town, before Pasha goes back to sleep he will pack what he can and drop it in the ship by morning, then… then he will just fight Elias. The entire thing makes him feel ill, Peter attempts to think as a last moment thing of anything he could do. The fairies are probably still asleep, for all he knows they won't wake up till he dies. Or maybe they do once he is far away enough. 


  That means there is no one else left to ask about what to do.


  Walking around town, cloaked with the fog he ends up standing outside his siblings shop. For a few moments, a few brief moments he wonders about going in.


  But Peter is nothing but a closed off bastard and even if he did he wouldn't want to stay to be questioned or told to leave. Better to just let it all go.


  It feels cheap, like he is missing out in knowing why, same as with Simon. Peter is curious, Peter wants to know why they chose to do what they did and leave him there. But at the same time he is aware that knowing will not make him any happier. It's very likely that they just got tired of him and wanted out. From Peter, from their mother, from their cursed land!


  Clearly they are happier here, more than back in Mooreland.


  He doesn't blame them for that.


  
  
  


  Peter spends the day in town and eventually when it feels like it's too much he decides to go to the old church. He likes the place, its quiet and private and its something Elias shared with him.


  Above all despite his situation… he likes that the people who supposedly married here got to break the curse. It's a fitting place to be for him, ironic, but fitting. Peter looks over the town and tries to keep the memory of it in his head, to memorize it and be able to remember it when he goes away. 


  Memories will be all he has in the end. It's sad, but it is what it is.


  What Peter does not count for, does not imagine at any moment, is for Sasha- or more like Elias as he finds out later- to be there. This was the worst possible outcome, he was supposed to avoid him until the next day. 

 

  Elias doesnt take well to his coldness which is expected. Peter just wants to be a bit of an asshole enough for him to let him be and give him a shot at preparing for the next day, he doesn't want to do this now. He still needs to pick up his things and- 


  And make sure Tim doesn't snitch. He has to prepare! But of course Elias, stubborn, bossy and neurotic Elias cannot leave him be and has to insist!


  His tone is bitter and mocking while he recounts all the things that happened, at first Peter imagines that he is overreacting, it's been less than 48 hours since they saw each other last, what could possibly happen in less than two days?? But then he gets hit with news after news that leaves him reeling and like he wants to definitely crush someone's windpipe. Mainly Maxwell.


  “First one? Jonathan is here! Yes that Jonathan, missing prince Jon, turns out he is Sasha’s friend. He also has amnesia caused by magic, it is unclear how likely he is to remember who he is! Which mind you means i may lose my job. Secondly the fairies are all under some sort of unnatural spell, i went to look for you in the forest and they won't wake up! Thirdly Maxwell came by to see me, apparently he is a body hopper and has been stealing kids' bodies for years to keep himself alive. Annabelle also told him that he would likely die depending on my marriage decisions which is why he was acting more strange than usual” Elias starts to pace a bit “He also kissed me-” 


  Peter is struggling to keep his face blank and to not ask the million questions running across his mind. He is also very much trying his best to not curse or go back to the castle, he cant deal with it anymore, Elias marries Aaron and their problems are solved, if he faces Maxwell things will go poorly and there is a chance everyone will realize who he is. Which doesn't bode well for him at all.


  “And that is not even the cherry on top of what I had to deal with yesterday!! So pardon me from wanting to move this to a more familiar place so I can confide in you. After all, you are my best friend and I trust you” The last bit was just a dig at him, but he also knows its true which makes it hurt so much worse.


  He trusts him, yet all Peter has done is lie from the beginning and keep piling up more and more troubles for him by staying. All he does is bring pain. 


  With effort and a surprising amount of self control and acting cold he keeps his face cold with indifference. Peter tries to channelize all the years he spent in Mooreland and how he was supposed to act in front of others. He could only try and be himself when he was alone or with Missy, Simon and sometimes his siblings.


  Tilting his head to the side he answers Elias back in his most dispassionate speech. His advice was… lacking but it held true at the very least. Kill Jon, find proof for what Maxwell did, because oh boy there is a lot to unpack about what the other man said regarding the king of Erebus stealing bodies of little kids, so much to unpack that Peter has no time to analyze it.


  Finally… for the fairies he cant help the bitterness, he is sorry about making them fall asleep, but they still lied to him, they still tricked him, even if perhaps it wasn't their full intention. Clearly they did seem to believe to some extent that he could truly do it, but whatever it was their idea, Peter could not do it.


  Elias questioning if its really him means that his acting is working, its uncomfortable to no end and it brings him no satisfaction, but it is what he has to do. No matter what Peter must do, this must hurt the man, so he sighs and rolls his eyes at him.


  Attempting to make himself scarce he dismisses him hoping Elias will go, that will be enough to let Peter think this through and come up with a plan for the next day. But as always he is wrong. His companion is true to himself, denying him as the stubborn man that he loves.


  “No” Peter raises an eyebrow and crosses his arms.


  They go back and forth, and when he asks if he would be back to talk, Peter can't answer. The only small mercy he has, the only silver lining to all of this? Is that by looking and sounding like Sasha it's easier for Peter to be cruel and dismissive, he doesn't know the woman enough to care. 


  “What 's wrong? Did something happen? Because to my knowledge 2 days ago you were perfectly fine. Pasha said you looked sad, so i have to assume something went wrong” Fuck-


  
    Of course. 
  
  Elias is not an idiot, and Pasha saw him act off, of course he would put together that something was off. Taking a deep breath Peter mumbles a curse, he should have known better. 


  Be cruel, that's what he needs to do, be cruel to stun him into letting him slip away then.


  “I think you are more upset about not having me to be your listening corner, most of the time you have some crisis and i have to sit down and listen to your paranoid ramblings” Elias stares and so does Peter, shocked of his own words, he almost apologizes but he can't. His throat itches horribly and he is afraid that talking would make him start coughing,


  Elias speaks very softly and carefully, the place is so quiet the sound can be heard clearly.


  “Did you ever plan on telling me the truth or were you going to lie to me until the end?” Peter feels his heart stop.


  Did he know? Did Tim snitch on him early? Did he find out about the curse?? Was this is? What does he say!?


  Its Elias turn to tilt his head to the side in a mockery of when Peter does it.


  “I- I don't know what you mean” Elias steps forward and he steps back. This is wrong, this is not how it was supposed to go-


  “I could understand you not telling me when we first met or the first few months, but did you really intend to lie to me up until now? Were you going to say anything to me? After everything we went through” Peter feels as if someone punched him and took all the air out of his lungs. He can't believe this is it. All his efforts for nothing?


  “How did-? Did Tim tell you!?” Elias' face falls in raw pain for some reason and Peter is grappling with what to do. How does he begin to explain himself-


  His comment about Peter trusting Tim more is a stab in the heart, he does trust Elias! He does, but he doesn't want to hurt him.


  …


  Well, too late for that huh? 


  Peter feels sick to the point that he fumbles with the paper Elias shoved into his chest. When he finally manages to unfold it, what he sees truly makes him want to throw up. Its a wanted poster with his face. 


  Peter Lukas. 


  
    Oh no.
  


  “Where did you get this? Who had it?!” He recalls Tadeas saying his mother hired people to find him, if Elias found this, then it means there is someone close by looking for him.


  Peter wracks his brain thinking about who could it be so he half listens to what Elias says. He can't help but wince when the shorter man mentions the others helping him. He is not wrong, but he told Tim only recently and Helen… she always does her own thing. 


  The letters, of course it would be the letters, Tim wasn't wrong about Elias being mad about Peter lying to him about those. His silence continues and it must bother the other because he rips the paper from his hand and demands an answer. Peter for his part is rattled enough that he says the first thing that comes to mind.


  “It was my idea… but he wasn't lying, Aaron will marry you that is not a lie, one way or another he will” Taking a deep breath Elias steps back a bit, Peter looks back tiredly at him. 


  He prays that appeases him a little bit, yet his companion defies his expectations again.


  “No” The sailor shakes his head, what does he mean no? He needs that marriage!


  “What do you mean no? You wanted a marriage and you will get one” 


  “I need to marry someone of royal blood, why would I marry him if I have you?” And for a moment, for a single awful moment Peter doubts.


  Does he… does he really only want him for his position as prince? If there was no deal to keep Pasha alive, would Elias, not knowing who he was, consider being with him? Or would he think it beneath his position to be with Peter if he has no title.


  Its enough to make him hesitate, enough to actually drag some hurt to ask.


  “So that 's it? I'm a prince and now it's convenient for you to ask that of me?” Elias' face pales and then turns desperate a bit.


  “No! No gods above no! But I don't want a stranger and- and this is not for power or to keep a position or anything of the sort! When- when we were at the forest and Pasha knocked you out, she split from the other changelings, she was hurt- so… so hurt she kept melting and slipping between my hands-” The image itself was a nightmare, he sees Elias look down at his hand with a distraught expression. He wants to hold his hands and say something, but instead Peter remains in place.


  “She was dying and i didnt know how to help her. My patron offered a solution but in exchange it asked me to marry someone of royal blood in 6 months or it would kill Pasha. I'm doing this to save her!”


  Peter steps back, fuck, that was- 


  He can't even begin to imagine what to say to that. All this time… was that why he tried to stay away from him? And why not tell him before as well, Peter would have understood! Despite that he can't ask, not anymore, there is no time.


  It's at this point when Elias says that he was what he had wanted for months that Peter realizes he is screwed.


  And more importantly that he has to change his plans and do this today. Elias wont stop, he won't give up and if Peter remains any longer? Then he won't believe a word he says, he has to cut things now. He will speed up his plan to pick up some clothes and drop Tim off in the fog for a few hours. 


  The best way to do this, was to give a piece of the truth, if he lies completely it would crumble, but if Peter uses something that he genuinely feels then it will seem real to the other.


  “Why should I believe that? Do you know why I left Mooreland? My mother wanted me to marry to give her a heir since my siblings ran off, she already controlled every aspect of my life and she wanted to control even more! I wasn't his kid, I was just her pawn!! No one ever asked what i wanted, i just got shoved with other people’s responsibilities when they failed, I don't want to marry and i- i don't want kids” 


  A truth and a half. Peter didn't want children; he felt like he would be incompentent and neglectful. But then he got Pasha and he was happy and felt… like maybe with Elias and the others he could pull through. So Peter didn't want them before, now? Now he doesn't mind so much the idea.


  “Bullshit, you are Pasha’s dad, you like it! It's plain as day” Peter scowls. He does, he truly does, so this becomes painful to say. His throat burns so bad it's like he ate an entire pepper.


  “She literally glued herself to me and gave me no choice, i won't hurt a kid, but i couldn't exactly make her go on good consciousness” 


  Elias doesn't believe him and he can't blame him, from his perspective it made no sense, either Peter was lying now, or he had been a very convincing actor this entire time. 


  “So? I don't want… I don't want to turn out like my mother, it would be so easy to just…” Keep using the truth, it's the best thing he can do. Even if it weighs him down and his lungs feel like they will collapse on him the more he talks.


  Elias softens up, which is not what he needs, even if right now its Sasha’s face he can see the familiar expression from him. He tries to talk some sense and reach out to him, but Peter flinches, he can't let him his resolve will crumble.


  “Oh shut up, you can't even begin to understand…”


  “Then explain it to me, you bastard!” Peter frowns and here is where he starts to go off, he needs him to hate him, to kick him out.


  “-I wanted to leave so I did, my only goal was to get a boat and go away and then… I met an insufferable man on the road and I felt pity for him so I let him stay. Then of course he got kidnapped and i had to be stupid enough to try and help” Thats bullshit and the two of them know it, but Peter has to play it as a fact.


  “Oh fuck off, thats not what you said before-” Recalling the very few times he saw his mothers face Peter looks down at Elias and sneers like her. It rubs him the wrong way, not only that but every last word he says feels like he was swallowing poison, lies, they were all lies.


  “Really you want me to tell the kid what actually happened? No, better to give her the fairy tale she clearly wants after all she is delusional thinking she can be an actual kid-” 


  Elias slaps him and Peter has never been happier, the sting on his face feels much better than the burning hole in his throat. The shorter man looks so utterly furious it makes him want to disappear in a wall of fog.


  “I don't know why you are acting like this, or even telling such awful lies, but i won't hear it again, so drop it” Rubbing his cheek he agrees.


  Now the hard part comes here, with Elias' questions, because he is right.


  Why? Why do any of the things he did if he didnt like him, if he hated them so much? Why, why, why.


  Peter sighs to stall. He almost blanks out, but he manages to barely throw out an answer that he hopes is satisfying. 


  Friends, they were friends despite everything.


  “Because i like you, that isn't a lie, you are funny and smart and in fact my first friend for real i never lied about that. But it doesn't mean i want to marry you” Elias stays quiet and they seem to be at an impasse. He hopes this is it, that he takes it for what it is a soft rejection. Peter hopes Elias won't force him to say something harsher.


  His luck runs dry the moment whatever spell the man used passes and he looks like himself again. Now he can't look at him, because the familiar face and eyes make it impossible to keep this charade. So quickly he turns to look elsewhere to not face him.


  Their back and forth goes into a halt when he hears him say those words again. They ring on his ears the same way they did when they were kissing in bed.


  
    “You are stubbornly awful and a liar, but I love you too much and I know you don't mean it” 
  
  And Peter wants, with a sheer intensity that drives him insane, wants to say:


  
    I love you too. I'm sorry I didn't mean any of it.
  


  But he can’t, not anymore, he doesn’t deserve it.


  “Love me?” Peter laughs, he tries to sound bitter and cold, and a part of him? Is.


  Why not? Elias confesses 
  
    now
  
  , ruining his plan, he  confesses when he can't reciprocate anymore because he is dying and by now he has lied for so long and so much there is no way the man would forgive any of it. What does love mean in the face of betrayal and lies? Even well intentioned ones?


  “You don't love me, you don't love anyone but yourself and your kingdom, you can't. If I hadn't been a mystery due to my magic you would have gotten bored of me and told me to go after a few weeks, you like puzzles and challenges not people. You are a jealous, controlling, paranoid and petty man who would probably pick my brain apart if you had the chance and drop me off once you got everything you wanted. As for the kiss? It's not like you aren’t handsome. I can admit that, plus the entire place was setting us up, plenty of incentive to lose myself in the moment. That's actually how i ended up making out with Mikeale once and i'm certainly not pining for him” 


  Peter feels faint, and it's his sheer force of will that keeps him standing. The moment he stops talking his knees go weak and he feels like someone poked a hole in his lungs. His throat dries up and it's like he was choking on land.


  Elias sounds winded, like his comment physically gave him a blow to the chest.


  “You- You!!! You coward and liar-! I'm not making it up, you snivelling excuse for a prince! You ran away from your responsibilities, you insult me and you dare to deny- to deny having any feelings for me? After everything, all the touches, flirting and- and looking after each other you dare say that? Dare to insult our CHILD, and yes she IS ours! She loves you so much and you speak about her like that? You miserable excuse of a runaway prince!”


  
    HE KNOWS OK?
  


  Peter knows. He was completely gaslighting Elias with what he was saying now. Peter in the past meant every word, every touch and every flirt! He loved Pasha and missed her and felt guilty about giving her a bad example. Elias calling her their child made him feel elated. She is! She is 
  
    their 
  
  daughter, even if their time together was short, they were her parents, she wanted a family and… and they wanted her as well.


  They 
  
    found 
  
  each other.


  While he tries to keep himself upright he notices the odd lost expression that the blonde makes, suddenly Elias palms his pocket and takes out that stupid paper again. Peter sees him mumble something so soft that he can't hear it despite the silence in the room, it's more akin to Elias mouthing the words rather than letting them out properly.


  “What?” He wonders what he said, the answer is not what he wanted to hear.

“You are the missing prince, it's not Jon, it was never Jon in the first place, Anabelle assumed it was him because… because you both ran away around the same time. The prophecy was not about him it was about you ”

  What??? Peter is just speechless, what does that even mean? He is not the missing prince of Elias prophecy, he just isn't! It makes no sense, it would fit more for Jonathan to be, not him!


  Elias keeps rambling so he turns fully to look at him.


  “What are you even on about-” He won't let him finish.


  “It wasn't Jon, it was you! You were the cause of Annabelle’s subjects waking up and rebelling, basically saving my life, you gave me the idea to find the tunnels, Simon stopped doing business with Mooreland because you left which made him strike a deal with me instead” Elias keeps adding more and more stuff, making him feel oddly seen, that can't be it right? They were just coincidences! It causes Peter to squirm in place. That can't be it, because if it is, it means that he is the one who could hurt Elias, who could kill him?!


  “Oh my god it was always you!” No, no he isn't, he can't take that responsibility on top of everything else, he just can't! Attempting to deny it and saying that it was Jon gets him shut down.


  “No, she assumed it was him, because she didn't know you escaped” Elias pulls his hair back and laughs a bit incredulously before continuing and just… making Peter feel like shit by confessing his feelings again.


  “Peter… I do mean it, I love you, regardless of anything, your status, the prophecy, even whatever temper tantrum you are throwing right now. I am tired of pretending otherwise. I have been in love with you for months and I just kept refusing to say it, at first because I was terrified and yes… I was a bit worried about what people would think, I am paranoid I know that. But… i realized i don't care about what anyone thinks, i am furious at you. But I still love you, you have no idea how much. And- and this is also good, because… because that means that I wont get killed, because I have you and I am being honest for the first time in years. I love you ok? I just… i love you” Elias got close enough to lay a hand over his chest. 


  Peter’s heart was doing summersaults. It was too much, it was all too much. 


  “So please talk to me ok? I can’t believe you about all those things you said, i know you, i do ok? I see you so please, please tell me the truth i promise i will listen. If you need help and you are doing this for some reason i swear i will do anything i can to fix it” 


  And that's the thing, he imagines it, saying the truth, having Elias mad but willing to help him. Just him trying his best to make sure Peter lives and maybe in a better world, in a more hopeful one he succeeds.


  Elias looks up at him and must notice his indecision because he lifts his hand and touches his cheek gently, softly caressing it. Peter momentarily presses close, feeling the cool fingers on his face. He wants to turn his cheek and kiss his palm, he wants to tell the truth! 


  The amount of things he wants now could fill a notebook and even then it would never be enough. Because he wants to stay here and live. Peter wants to spend time with Elias and wake up in the morning to his sleeping face while looking after their daughter and wants to spend time with his friends. 


  
    Hopes and dreams that he will never have.
  


  “Please, do you… Do you love me? I won't believe you unless you look me in the eye Peter, whatever it is, tell it to my face”


  And Peter stays quiet, he can't quite seem to open his mouth, finally, finally he looks into Elias eyes.


  For a single beautiful moment he believes him, that they could fix it, that Elias can do what no one had in 200 years and find a solution. It's just a brief moment, a spark of hope that soon burns down leaving him cold.


  “We can fix it ok? I swear” And Peter raises his hands and gently pries Elias hand away from his face.


  And that was it, Peter had a moment to consider it, a lifetime in a second, something that will never be enough, but it will have to be. 


  Now, in the present, in the reality that he has to live in, Peter must do whatever it takes to get Elias to kick him out. To hate him, so at the very least he won't look for him and mourn him. The other man is strong willed, he will make it through and… one day he will forget Peter and maybe find someone better. Elias will have the time that he doesn't.


  “Elias, I-” Peter's entire chest feels like it has moments before caving in on itself. He feels as if someone was making him swallow fire. And this time as he lies the pain doesn't subside, it increases.


  “I don't love you, and i could never love someone like you, my life has been nothing but danger since i met you. I have gotten more hurt in a year by being near you than in all my life, you and Pasha are the worst things that ever happened to me. You are an awful person, and so am i, but i think you win, i am tired of pretending otherwise so you don't feel bad” 


  The lie burns him from the inside out. Peter has maybe a few minutes before he coughs up his lungs.


  “You-” And Peter smiles, it's empty and cruel just like his mother’s and uncle Nathaniel's smiles.


  “As if anyone would ever love you, you might be pretty and charming on the outside, but you are awful on the inside” That lie has him almost keel over.


  Peter is dying. His entire head feels like its swimming and he can't focus because he is trying so hard to not have a coughing fit. He is in pain, every part of him feels like it was dipped in frozen water and it stings so badly that he wants to rip his skin off. Something feels like it is moving underneath his clothes, it tightens and squeezes and it crawls to his chest, it nestles on his lungs and he has just a few minutes before his resolve breaks.


  Elias whispers and Peter knows it worked, that his plan succeeded.


  It didn't matter that it was what he wanted, it only matters that Peter feels like shit and that Elias- God Elias looks like he wants to kill him, he looks heartbroken and furious. Peter can see his eyes glistening a bit and when he speaks he knows that he won't see him again, that he lost that right.


  “Get out- Get out, pick up your things and get out of my kingdom, Pasha stays with me and if I see you again I will throw you into the dungeons to 
  
    rot, I don't want to see you here ever again 
  
  ” 


  Elias gives him no time to react, he turns around and practically runs down the stairs leaving Peter finally alone, as he should have always been…


  It takes no time at all really for him to fall to his knees, it takes no time for his lungs to collapse, for fog to escape his mouth and fill the room completely. Peter's chest burns, his coughing is so bad and so painful he spits out blood that he realizes with a degree of detached horror starts to evaporate into more mist. As if it was never there.  He probably should be freaking out much more than he is, but the lack of air makes him light headed. 


  Peter thinks that this is it, that he dies now. No time for picking up his stuff, no last time sailing, no watching the sky, just him in an empty church where once upon a time someone else managed to do what he couldn't. 


  In a moment he sees his shape flicker, his skin turns bluish and suddenly he can see his insides being filled with fog. It swirls and moves around him. It happens intermittently, as if it couldn't decide if it killed him or not. Peter expected it to be sudden, his death, he expected the fog that was now his insides to just consume him from the inside out while he just ceases to be. The only proof of his existence would be his clothes.


  That would be the last thing left of Peter bloody Lukas.


  Clothes, rings and-


  He looks to the bracelet, the one Elias tried to use to track him, but ended up being useless. It still holds a space in his heart, he still cherishes it. 


  “I’m- i’m sorry” There is no answer, his coughing fit becomes worse and for a second, just a second Peter is nothing. Then he gets hit with existence and having a physical shape once more. He falls forward and curls up on the floor, he can barely breath, but his skin turns back to normal, albeit he sees blue patches. 


  In a moment of hysteria he wonders if Missy was right and being a fairy was in fact delaying the inevitable. He has no time to ponder much more, because he hears in between bloody coughs a laugh and a sigh.


  “You were right! He didn't have much left, mm?”


  “God, what a mess you are. Yet you still….” He can barely see the people in front of him, the room was too clouded. “Nevermind, I'm supposed to bring you alive, Micheal the door?” The second voice laughs and it's very… familiar.


  Peter mumbles a name.


  “H-Helen?” The one laughing stops completely.


  “Michael? Hey Mi- Are you ok? What's with your face?” The one speaking sounded frantic and worried.


  “Its nothing, nothing at all! Lets just… hurry this up” He feels someone grab him and he attempts to struggle but then he doubles over and spits blood on the floor.


  It evaporates as well.


  “Shit, how can you be both so far gone but also not? I haven't even reached that point yet and I'm already intangible” Peter wants to answer and… ask questions but he is tired, so, so tired. Of everything and everyone. So without any fight left on him he ends up blacking out.


  His body just couldn’t handle it anymore. He hopes he disappears before whoever that was manages to take him anywhere. 


  Besides that his last thought was how sorry he was and how much he would miss everyone.


  How much he loved them all, even if he never got to say it,

 

  For a moment the pain subsides.


  But then again, Peter was already unconcious to notice it.


  
  
  
  
  


  Death feels awfully like waking up from a horrible hangover after screaming your lungs out.


  His throat is in tatters. Peter would assume that by dying he would get rid of pesky things like pain or what not. But apparently that is not the case. He manages to groan and somehow??


  Roll over.


  …


  Peter counts to ten and stretches his legs and arms. That is… He opens his eyes. He is decidedly not dead but when he sees the room he is in, he feels like he wants to be. 


  There are very few things that can instill such feelings of terror and rejection in him, the most glaring one is this. Peter is in his old room, the room he had growing up in Mooreland, the one he hasn't seen in almost a year and a half. 


  The one he expected to never see again, with shaky legs he manages to get up and look around starting to panic. Stumbling he reaches the door and when he tries to open it Peter realizes its locked. 


  When he was a child, the punishment for when any of them misbehaved was to be locked in their rooms. Peter liked his room, liked to spend time in it, but the moment the door was locked from the outside was when he felt afraid, like a caged animal.


  The place had a bathroom connected to it, so he could stay there theoretically for hours. Had in fact done so several times. What Peter was afraid of in those cases was of being left behind, he had no way out and if anyone forgot he was there then no one would bring him food and he would die. It ate at him to think that the more he spent alone in the room, the less likely there would be a servant coming to bring him something to eat.


  That his mother would get tired one day of him and would throw the key and lock him forever. Peter hated it, hated being here, hated that he had so little strength to hit the door that he knew nothing would happen.


  He has no idea how he got here, or how long he was unconscious. Peter takes a moment to breathe in and out while deciding to take stock of what he has and what is available for him at the moment. First thing he notices is the lack of rings on his fingers, then of course the missing bracelet. He turns to look at his night table and sees with despair that there was nothing there. In fact his room was even more empty than he remembered before he escaped. It looked as if it was left to the bare necessities and nothing else.


  His clothes were still in place and he still had a few books lying around, but besides that? It was empty. Everything else he cared about was back in Opperior in his room and on the ship. Here? Here he had nothing.


  With slow steps he moves towards the bathroom and takes off his vest and shirt. Once he is bare chested he finally turns to look into the mirror.


  The sigh was… Peter’s hair was white as snow, his skin was so pale it was almost see through in fact- When he steps closer to inspect himself he realizes that it's not an exaggeration, he is a bit see through, not too badly, not like father yet, but it won't take long for him to give that final step into incorporeality. He also definitely has a bit of blue in his cheeks along with the silver dots that are his freckles. Plus his eyes were definitely shining brighter and his pupil was elongated like a cat’s-


  A spark of despair, he never will see Captain again. At least… at least Pasha will look after him and Opal.


  Peter tries to turn off his unnatural appearance, but he ends up grabbing the sink in dizziness, when he tries it feels like someone was pulling at his skin painfully. He can't control it, he opens his mouth and sees that his canines are sharper just like his ears seem to be more pointy than before he left.


  That is no good.


  As for his body… that is the last thing he wants to analyze but he has to soldier on, his chest is completely covered in fog tattoos. Or… almost. There is still a blank space around his heart. Tracing his fingers over the skin there he tries to figure out why.


  Why is it not complete yet? Why is Peter not dead yet! Why… did he have to end up here? 


  He slumps against the wall and slides down to the ground, why did he have to be here, out of all places! Peter wanted to die outside of this place, it was his one and only wish to not be trapped in the endless fog of Mooreland, to at least die on his own terms, alone but free from everyone.


  Hugging his legs close he presses his forehead against his knees and tries to not cry, this is the worst possible outcome. He is back where he started, with nothing and no one, but this time he knows exactly what he was missing, he knows what he lost. And Peter is unsure if its better or worse to have found that out or to have lived his life alone. 


  The pain would certainly be less, so many people wouldnt be disappointed by his decisions, Peter would have been better off alone.


  But as the pain in his chest raises he knows that's not true at all. He was happy, happier than he has ever been in all his years living here, he got to do so many things he wanted, saw so many beautiful things! Traveled to Aella like he wanted, celebrated his birthday in Opperior, met the others. 


  Even if it hurts now, he won't regret it, he loved it, every second of it. The bad parts not so much, but they did make him feel alive, and nice things did come out of them. 


  The pain becomes a constant thorn at his side, but its manageable.


  
  


  Eventually he gets cold, albeit it takes a long while to register. Changing back and putting on something warm, Mooreland was cold for this time of the year, he covers up as much as he can from the tattoos. His hair is a lost cause, just like trying to hide the more inhuman aspects of himself and besides, Peter is sure he will be here for a long time.


  Maybe this was his mother’s punishment, letting him rot here and die not due to the curse but out of hunger. Somehow he doesn't know if that's better or worse.


  Staring at the same blank walls was making him antsy, sleeping came in bouts and he tended to wake up coughing more often than not. Breaking the door was impossible and jumping out of the window would kill him.


  Peter thinks of how he passed through the bars back in the circus tent, wonders if he could do something like that again, but the only place for him to go through is from underneath the crack of the door. And he doesn't have that much faith in his control over his powers to pull it off. So that is off the table.


  Flopping in bed he wonders how everyone is doing until he falls asleep again. He has nightmares about being alone in Opperior, Elias and the others were all gone and it was Peter who was the only one left.


  This time he wakes up to the sound of the door opening, sitting up quickly albeit a bit dazed he sees a guard stare at him. Now usually the royal guard was a bit stiff and serious, but Peter could tell there was something wrong with this one. He seemed mechanical in his movements as he opened the door and waited for him to move.


  In closer inspection he sees his eyes were dulled and sunken in, plus he was even paler than usual. The man doesn't talk and when Peter manages to ask- In a whisper of course, he receives no answer. He doesn't try to instigate a talk, he knows better.


  They march across the hallways until they reach the garden outside, again he is hit by a sense of wrongness, the fog was unbearable, it felt oppressive and he could not see 5 steps in front of him. The guard somehow knew where to go and kept his pace with him to guide them.


  Finally they reach their destination. Peter stays locked in place, he doesn't want to enter. It was his mother’s greenhouse. He has the inkling that if she was capable of love she would feel it for her plants more than any of her children.


  The guard merely stays in place, waiting for him to move inside. Peter couldn't move, no one was allowed to enter the greenhouse except for the queen, they all knew that, so to have him here…


  It was very bad. 


  In the end he surmises that making her wait more would be far more detrimental to him than anything, so with a deep breath he opens the door and enters.


  The change from the outside is immediate, there was no fog, the room felt warmer and the rows of plants gave a feeling of livelihood. The place seemed cheerful even, at least any normal person who didn't know about plants would think so. Peter had learned about plants and flower meanings when he was a kid and he knew that most of everything in here was poisonous.


  His mother always loved poisonous plants. Peter has to make himself smaller to move around and not brush anything, he knows that generally you have to consume them to feel the effects, but there are maybe 2 of them that can do you in with just a touch.


  The greenhouse was immense, there were windows opened to let clean air in, and he could see, or more like not see the outside world from the glass walls. The place felt even more wrong than the outside world, it was so… incongruent with everything going on outside that he felt out of place.


  His musing had to be interrupted when he heard a very soft humming, accompanied by the sound of slicing. Peter freezes like a deer seeing danger, the sounds don't stop and it takes him several minutes to let his muscles relax to keep moving towards the source. The bushes and plants made it hard to see the heart of the place. 


  But once he manages to carefully avoid a branch and step forward he is greeted with a sight that only exists in his nightmares.


  A woman is standing in front of a rose bush, cutting the flowers which were… blue. Blue roses don't exist, not in nature, but magic can make many things happen. Her humming continues its slow and creepy, it makes him extremely nervous for some reason. 


  Still Peter takes some time to stare, he has after all not seen her in… Well, he never truly saw her did he?


  His mother was wearing a mourning dress, she has been wearing them ever since his father died, despite the fact that she did not love him one bit and that it was now socially acceptable for her to wear something else.


  The sleeves of the dress reached her forearms and had sheer lace decorations. The front of the dress had a high collar but it also opened up a bit around the cleavage, which uhh, Peter thinks its not quite right for a mourning dress, but what does he know? Still it did have black tulle hiding a bit of the skin there. The skirt was a bit ruffled and had pleats; it seemed to have another layer on top with embroidered details of flowers and leaves on black. The back was long and reached the ground, it had a bit of a tail flowing on the back. She also had her black gloves, she never took those off for some reason.


  All in all it was like a hit from the past, his mother looked, or as much as he could say that, exactly the same as when he left. Of course that is… debatable, because the most recognizable thing about his mother was ironically the one that made it impossible to know her. The black mourning veil that she always wore, covered her face to the point that no one could see it. Before his father's death she merely used a fan to cover half of her face, then when he was gone she took to the veil with some sort of sick glee he supposes.


  She looked as if she was meant to wear mourning clothes.


  The very few moments he recalls seeing her are blurry and he feels like there was a film of fog covering her features. So he has no good grasp on what she actually looks like. He has a very disjointed thought that Lydia looked remarkably like their mother, but as quick as that idea comes it goes, he has no base of comparasition.

 

  The only sound in the room was the humming and snapping of leaves. She was holding a scissor and cutting flowers and leaves, while putting them on a small table next to her. Behind her he could see a table and chairs along with a tea set and a few pastries.


  His stomach twists.


  “Mother?” She doesnt stop, nor makes any motion that she hears him.


  Peter feels like a child all over again, unsure and afraid. Without any prompting he goes to sit by the table, he ensures that there is no sound and once he is sitting he waits.


  And waits.


  From behind her he could see blonde hair pulled back neatly. Makes sense where Lydia and Clara got it. By logic he has to assume that their brown eyes were inherited from her, since Peter has haunting memories of his father with clear baby blue eyes.


  As she keeps humming and cutting Peter starts to become even more nervous, why is he here now? What does she want with him! Clearly she wanted him alive, did that mean she still wanted him to get her a grandson so she could keep the family as royalty?


  
    Why hasn't she said anything at all this entire time?
  


  The slow and somewhat unnerving music was making the hairs on the back of his neck stand, right now, in this place it felt as if they were the only people left in the world. The fog outside cut everything from view, the place had its own flowery and potent smell and it was making him dizzy, and the constant singing-


  It was messing with him. Peter was so uncomfortable he wanted to disappear, he wanted to be alone he wanted her go-


  “I would personally not do that if i were you” It's almost funny how quickly he becomes a statue, Peter's entire body goes stiff as a board at the sound of her voice. His voice abandons him to ask why. Still she seems to know what he was thinking.


  “Trying to disappear when you are in this state would just mean you might not reappear. And I did not make so much effort to bring you back, for you to throw it all away” She cuts a branch and the silence is deafening.


  Her tone is level headed and soft, she has never needed to speak louder than that to have anyone do what she wants. It's the illusion of care he supposes, cruel things can be said in the most soft tones.


  He swallows several times and opens his mouth to try and figure out what to say, but she cuts him off even without turning around to see him.


  “You have caused a lot of trouble, gallivanting around when you should have stayed here keeping your duties to your kingdom and people until the end” Peter remains quiet, he wonders if she has some magic and its what makes him feel so small even if he is half a head taller than her. If he stands up his mother reaches up to his nose, sStill her figure is sharp and narrow where his is far bigger.


  What matters he supposes, thinking of Elias, is the presence rather the size, both Elias and his mother could command attention in different ways.


  “But well, here you are, late and in the midst of dying” He finally manages to croak out a-


  “I’m-”


  “Now, now, that's enough. Did you have fun? Did you manage to do whatever you wanted before the end? I hope you did, we can't take more tantrums on your part” He feels very offended, it wasn't a tantrum! Its his life-


  “Wait, that's not-” Again she cuts him off.


  “You are far too gone, a marriage and an heir are out of the question. However that is no longer a necessity. I have arranged things, now all you have to do is behave and… stay in place. I believe even you can do that” That is enough, the dismissive tone sets him off, its as if she didn't see him as a person. Peter was closer to a pet in her eyes apparently and it was infuriating.


  “Stop! Would you listen to me?!” Peter doesn't shout, but it's loud enough for his mother to stop mid cut. For a horrible moment he feels all the blood on his body freeze. He sees her slowly put the gardening scissors down and pick up a rose before turning around to fully face him.


  She stares and slowly he sees her tilt her head to the side. 


  “I am listening now” Her tone is even, but he can tell there is something off with it. She is not happy. 


  It takes him a moment to pull himself together.


  “I was not throwing a tantrum, it's my life. You wanted me to spend my last months just like my father. Stuck in a room dying while marrying some woman to sire you a new heir. I wasn't going to end like that. And yes, I did have fun, I was more happy in a year and a half away from this place than in all my years of living here!”


  She stays in place and stays so still she looks more like a mannequin, it makes him think of the circus.


  “I got hurt, but it was worth it… it all was” And how does it sting, knowing what he lost. “If you don't need me anymore, why bring me here? Just let me go so I can die somewhere else! 
  
    Anywhere 
  
  but here” His mother approaches the table, in the meantime she plays with the stem of the flower, missing touching the thorns by very little. She sighs and speaks again making him feel like he was 8 all over again.


  “I tried so hard with all five of you, I tried my best to keep you alive, to make sure you were all… prepared to not want company or seek companionship, I wanted all of you to succeed. And for a moment I thought it was possible, but then your siblings turned into disappointments, all constantly contacting each other and wanting to “help” the people in town. But there was a silver lining, you. You were the only one who understood, at least I thought so. But then… you turned out even weaker than all of them combined, you fell sick just like your father. Too soft for your own good, i should have known, but i help hope, foolish of me to be honest. The Lukas bloodline is fragile, all of your hearts are made of glass and fog and the simplest gusts of wind can knock you out”


  “Im-” She offers him the rose, and with numb fingers he picks it up. He feels the sting of a thorn cutting him.


  “Hush, you did enough damage as it is. You and Lydia were my best, but you both fell short, she was too curious for her own good and you… you fostered magic. What a wonderful gift wasted on you and your narrow view of the world. You grew up with the fog as your caretaker and yet- yet you failed and rejected your gift. You failed so badly and so much its laughable how far you managed to survive” Somehow, even if he was aware that his mother did not like him or his siblings, this hurt. It hurt in a part of him that Peter didn't know he still had. Probably the childish part of his brain that held the smallest hint of hope that his mother loved him.


  “You wanted to know why I brought you here? You want to know why I won't let you go? It's easy, your presence here in exchange for the throne for me, I did my part of the deal. As for letting you go? Well-” He can hear the smile on her face, it twists on his chest like a knife.


  “You caused so much trouble, I would rather have you here until the end, let my biggest disappointment die once and for all” Her hand goes to grab the flower, but instead she makes him hold it with his palm, effectively cutting him more.


  He hisses, his mother waits a second before pulling the flower from his grip.


  “Look at you, you are barely a person anymore” When he looks at the cuts he sees he is not bleeding, at least not blood. He is dripping fog, mother places the flower on the table, sits down and serves them tea. “Filled with fog on the inside, soon it's all you will be” 


  He can't really contemplate what just happened, not too much otherwise he will lose it a bit more. So instead he asks.


  “Where… is Missy?” He keeps opening and closing his palm, its the only thing he will allow himself to do, the reality of him just being more fog on the inside is just… not something he wants to dwell on. The queen puts a tea cup closer to him and moves her veil enough to show a bit of skin. He sees her take a sip of her own drink letting out a pleased breath.


  “Such a pointless question. Look outside” Peter turns to see the fogged out view, there is nothing there. Before he can mumble something he sees the fog move. At first he can't quite catch what is going on, that is until from the opened window he sees mist stretch out in what appears to be a thin arm with sharp fingers. He remains perfectly still as it picks up one single scone between two clawed appendages. Then it slowly retreated into the nothingness outside. 


  A moment of silent shock before the hand slams against the glass startling him, then from the wall of fog he sees two floating glowing eyes stare at him, they are immense. Five more mist hands touch the glass.


  In his panic-addled mind he remembers that Missy had six arms when she was in her more inhuman shape.


  The queen adds 3 sugars to her drink.


  “She missed you, enough to want you back, enough to strike a deal with me, now, drink that before it gets cold.” His hands shake as he picks up the tiny cup and takes a sip.


  It was bitter. He adds milk and sugar. Its still awful but at least he could manage it better.


  Around them he hears the fog whisper his name along with apologies. Peter is trying very hard to not let his face fall or cry out due to desperation.


  “You shall remain in your room from now on, you will be fetched to have dinner with me and during the day you may only go out for an hour during the afternoon accompanied by guards” A cage, he was trapped in a gilded cage.


  “Mother please-” She raises her palm up to make him stop.


  “No. You are a grown man do not whine to me, face the consequences of your actions” His jaw shuts close. He stays silent until his mother finishes her drink.


  “How long was I unconscious?” She twirls the teaspoon for a bit before deigning herself to answer.


  “Two days” He closes his eyes and breathes in and out.


  “I see, thank you mother” She doesn't reply. “I had… a few rings and a bracelet with me. What happened to them?” She drops the spoon carelessly at his question. Her tone is matter of factly and pragmatic.


  “Foreign magic, i took them and disposed of them, you don't need them now. A glamor to hide will be pointless here, as for the other one…” He can imagine her mouth curling up in distaste. “That one’s powers were very invasive” 


  Peter closes his fists in anger and despair, the bracelet was the only thing he had of Elias left. Now he has nothing of him to remember him by.


  “Peter” His attention snaps to her immediately. “What happened to your sister’s necklace?” She means the family one, the one he gave Pasha. Swallowing down he lies through his teeth.


  “I sold it, figured it would be a nice way to get money and to take a small revenge” His mother doesn't answer. He wonders if it made her mad. He hopes it did.


  “I see” That's it, he doesn't show his disappointment at her lack of reaction. The murmurs outside become louder and he tries to ignore the familiar voice in them.


  “Why won't she come in?” 


  “Because this place is not for her, and neither is the castle. Not anymore. She got her wish, you are back, but that doesn't mean she gets to corrupt you any further. I was paying a blind eye to her for too long. This was my payback for ruining a perfectly good child”


  Peter takes a moment to parse her meaning, when he does he turns to look at the fog and back to his mother.


  “Wait, you mean I can't talk to her?” The queen gets up and goes back to her plants, this time she checks on the wolfsbane instead of the roses.


  “Do you know why I like poisonous flowers so much?” The question came so out of nowhere that it stumps him a bit.


  “That doesn't-”


  “I find them poetic, finding beauty in something deadly. Pretty on the outside but horrible on the inside. I imagine you could relate to that, it seems you have a taste for pretty things that end up being rotten on the inside. Caretakers and foreigners” 


  ...No, how does she know what he said to Elias? How does she-


  “Back to your question, no she can’t, it's better if we cut her off from your life. Now go back to your room, food will be delivered to you and the guards will take you out when it's time” He gets up scrapping the chair in the process making a ruckus. Her frame stiffens at the loud noise.


  “You can't do that! i'm not a prisoner-” The queen twists around and looks up at him, even with the veil covering her face he struggles to not waver and shut up. “You can't make these decisions for me, I'm an adult” She tilts her head again and speaks very softly.


  “Do not speak to me like that again” He almost intercepts, but his mouth falls shut. He sees her play with the ring on her left hand.


  “You will go to your room like a good boy and stay there, i do not want to hear you speak of this ever again understood?” It takes him a moment but he nods even if he doesn't want to.


  “Good, now out.” She turns back but before he moves out he hears her talk again “Actually due to this behaviour you will not be given anything to eat until tomorrow so you can learn your lesson. See you at dinner”


  He wants to scream, but instead he just moves to the door where the guard takes him back. While walking in the garden he sees the glowing eyes move across the fog, for a moment he swears he feels a hand squeezing his shoulder and a mumbled apology.


  Then he is back inside the castle and Missy is gone.


  
  
  
  


  This was like his chilhood’s nightmares, he paces the room when he can. He has bouts of pain and coughing fits so bad that he has to lay down and curl up on his side feeling like death. His stomach hurts from hunger, the tea he took was not very filling and he didn't even taste any of the pastries. If he had known he would be stuck here he would have stolen a scone.


  He has no interest in picking up any old book of his, his room is too high up for jumping out to escape, the only reason he would use his window now would be to effectively kill himself if needed. Peter is not that desperate yet, he has to believe that there is a way out, he will have an hour per day to walk around, maybe he can manage something.


  But the more he thinks about it the more he wonders why, why make the effort? What does he get? Its not like he won't die, here, out there. He will be a goner soon.


  So… what does he win?


  After a few moments of pondering he comes to the conclusion that he just wants to die on his own terms. Simple as that, he doesn't want to die in a cage, and he doesn't want his mother to win. He still has hope to be able to see a clear sky before turning into mist. Not… this grey and dreary nightmare.


  He also thinks about Missy, how did his mother get her to stay outside, what deal? And… How did she make Peter move? He didn't want to, but he still did it. With a sigh he goes to sit by the windowsill. From there he watches… the swirling fog. He hesitates but tries anyway.


  “Missy?” There is no answer and the outside looks the same. He opens the window.


  “Missy?” Still nothing. He feels… an ache. He feels angry.


  “I-” Hate you, but that's not true, it's more complicated than that. “I missed you, even as angry as I was, I missed you. And I thought this is what you wanted, that you hated my family so bad that you wished to hurt them. And did it with me, but i don't… that's not it is it? I kept looking for ways to stay mad, to turn everything you did into something bad, but I was just lying to myself. I… so many things happened and I realized that I may have been wrong. Im still furious about you changing me without telling me, about lying, but i am also glad you were there for me”


  Peter sighs, he is talking with no one, but it's better than keeping everything bottled up in his head.


  “That's all for now” He closes the window and goes to lay in bed, maybe if he sleeps the hunger pains will go away.


  
  
  


  When he wakes up next, it is to the sound of something clinking against glass, confused he turns to where the sound comes from, he sees something move by the window and then disappear. Quickly he moves towards it.


  Outside he sees the scone she stole. He knows he shouldn't trust her with food, not after what she did, but Peter is starving and at this rate even if he did change he doubts it would stop his death.


  The scone is not much, but he takes it and eats it, better than nothing.


  “Thank you” There is no answer but that's fine. For the first time since he arrived, the fog outside feels lighter, comforting even.


  Familiar.


   


  
  


  The next day they leave him food in a tray, he is miffed about someone having entered while he was asleep and leaving breakfast without his notice. Still he appreciates the food, even if it tastes bland.


  In the afternoon two guards go with him to walk. He ends up on the beach, he picks up a few small rocks and stares at the gray water and foggy sky. No one says anything and eventually he is escorted back.


  Dinner is awful, he doesn't want to talk to his mother and she seems to be fine by ignoring him. His mother does wear a shorter veil only covering up to her nose, that way she could dine peacefully. It's odd seeing so much skin on her face, almost unnatural.


  At night before sleep he opens the window and just… talks about what he did the past year and a half. He talks about Hilltop, about finding Elias, about his friends and all the things he did in Opperior. When he is done he goes to bed and by morning he finds flowers in the window. It's the most color he has seen since he arrived, even his clothes are all shades of gray and washed out blue. He never quite realized how little color there was in his life until he left.


  He puts the flowers next to the rocks he picked up. A green one and a teal one.


  Elias and Pasha.


  
  


  That became his routine for the next 3 days. He finds a few more rocks, purple for Helen and orange for Tim, this was the only thing he had to remember them by, a few rocks that made him think of them. Just as when he was a child, Peter collected things that reminded him of his siblings. By now he doesn't bother, that bridge got burnt down already.


  In the moments between dinner and after it in his room he tells the fog outside everything, about Elias, Pasha, Tim and Helen. Missy listens, at least he thinks so, the flowers were proof to him at the very least.


  “I miss them, I said horrible things to Elias because I was afraid, because I didn't want him to see me wither and die. I would rather have him hate me then see him suffer at my bedside. I care too much for him to let him do that. I wanted… I thought that if the kiss worked and the curse broke we could be together and I could tell him what I felt. How much i-” And he can't say it, not now, he doesnt deserve it.


  “Well, you know. I wanted to say it, but it seems it wasn't meant to. Now I'm here and I'm going to die, alone and disappointing everyone I ever cared for” The mist swirls around as if upset, he figures she doesn't like that.


  “Its true, and you know it. I hurt everyone I ever cared for. The man I have...feelings for, the child I consider my daughter, my friends...you” At that comment the movement ceases. Peter laughs bitterly and pulls his hair back, he hasn't got used to the white yet. He probably never will.


  God what would Elias think about it? Peter looks so odd and unnatural now.


  “You were right, I could never fix it. I can only hope Aaron is able to break the curse, that he does what i couldn't and marry Elias to save Pasha. In the end mother was right. I was the biggest disappointment of them all” How much could he fail?


  He thought he was the favourite child, then when she destroyed the painting of them all he realized that may not be true. When she didn't care that he was sick and only thought of replacing him, he knew that his siblings saw it first and he just never wanted to accept it.


  Peter wanted a purpose, he was happy with being a captain, then that was taken away any mild praise he had was gone. Pressing his face against the wall he tries to not let his voice break too much.


  “This is what was always supposed to happen, I was always meant to die alone. My life was never going to be anything significant”


  The mist tries to slam against the window but it gets stopped by some invisible wall, he startles so bad that he moves out of the way. Again he sees the glowing floating blue eyes, while mist stretches into stick-like hands trying to enter the room, but dissolving half way through.


  “You know it's true! You know… that I was never going to succeed” He hears something similar to a balloon pop, but he doesn't register the sounds for anything translatable.


  “I'm sorry. I- thank you for everything you did for me” Peter decides to close the window and put on the curtains, he sees her move her arms around seemingly trying to stop him, but he just smiles sadly at her.


  
  


  By dinner he feels hollowed out, it was as if someone carved out a piece of his chest. Being here was slowly but surely making him worse. It kept chipping away parts of him and it drained his mood. He felt it before back when he got in a mood and the fog made him oddly calm in Opperior. He couldn't really say he liked it now. It was like it just sapped away any joy on his memories, leaving a cold and gray image instead.


  When he reached the dining room his mother was already there, she looked- Huh. Peter stares at her, her clothes were unusually… bright. There was still black present, but it was overshadowed by the golden flowers and leaves embroiled into it.


  The underdress was black, which was the only normal thing about it. The dress itself had a silk brocade of patterns, the base was black, but it was covered in flowers and leaves all in gold and silver colors. She had a black lace partlet that covered her cleavage and wore a standing collar that along her open sleeves were decorated with… embroidered anemone flower circles? He wracks his brains for the symbolism and remembers they mean Forsaken. 


  That’s quite fitting in all honesty for her.


  The stomacher she wore had black lacing and it was connected to an apron with the same brocade as the dress. 


  The entire outfit was flashy and called to one’s eyes, making not looking at her impossible. His mother painted an imposing figure. Her hair was all neatly pulled back with braids and she even wore her crown along with the shorter veil to eat.


  He felt a bit underdressed to be honest in comparasition, Peter wondered if she wanted to make him feel inadequate.


  Regardless, despite the oddities with her clothes, he decides to not question it. Albeit…. the outfit did look familiar, he thinks he saw her use it before. But if that's the case it must have been when his father was still alive, since she only wore only black after his passing. He can't quite picture her wearing something so… colorful, but whatever. She can wear anything she wants, its not his problem.


  Still, he has a bad feeling about it, making him a bit anxious, something about the clothes is nagging him at the back of his brain. The dinner proceeds as normal, with both of them ignoring the other to the best of their abilities. Or at least Peter thinks so, for all he knows his mother has simply erased his presence of her mind, despite the fact that she is the one forcing him to attend these dinners.


  The peace continues until they reach dessert. Normally the queen declines anything sweet, saying that she prefers only to eat during celebrations. Today she accepted a slice of cake from the dull-eyed servant. It's so odd that he can't help but stare.


  “Yes Peter?” Its still startling to hear her speak, even more so directed at him. Swallowing he considers the merit of asking. Perhaps he has been with Elias too long, because instead of just playing dumb and pretending nothing happened he opens his mouth to ask her.


  “You seem… pleased, did something good happen?” That is the best he can come up with. His mother takes a bite of her cake and after swallowing down she answers back.


  “I just received very good news. There will be a change of management on some kingdoms” Holding his fork a bit more tightly he continues his questions.


  “Is that so? The only one I heard about was Hilltop, besides… How do you know? If I may ask, I thought Mooreland was not supposed to interact with others” The room falls into an uneasy silence. Was that too much prying for her taste? When it comes to ruling his mother never gave him any advice whatsoever, he only had to listen to his teachers.


  “Despite our lack of contact with the outside world, it is always good for a king or queen to know the state of others. If there was conflict brewing we should be prepared to defend or attack in case of emergency, that's something you should have known. Your teachers did mention you being a bit scatterbrained during class” Peter feels his cheeks heat up in shame, did they really speak about him like that? He slumps into himself trying to make himself smaller.


  “Stop slouching” It takes a moment but he sits straight again. She keeps staring at her plate and cutting pieces of cake while Peter starts to wring his hands in anxiousness under the table. He wants to get up and go.


  “Now to answer your actual question, I have my ways to acquire information and gossip even across this land. Hilltop is old news Peter, considering the part you played in its downfall I presume you know that. No, what i meant was the change of leadership in Erebus and possibly Opperior”


  It takes a moment for him to feel like his blood went cold, could it be- no, there is no way. Elias wouldn’t marry Maxwell, not even to spite him. He also has no idea how she knew about Hilltop and him being there. If she was aware then why didn’t she find him sooner, does she know where his siblings are?


  “Did- did they ally…? In marriage I mean” The idea is so painful and ludicrous that he wants to pull his hair.


  “Marriage? Peter no. King Maxwell died, it's likely that his second in command Miss Dominguez will be crowned queen in his place. That is good for us, the man was foolish and thought himself better… I still stand by my decision to not let him marry Lydia. With her as queen while the reputation and actions of the previous king are in question she will need allies. And since Maxwell rejected our truce, she will crawl back to us. It all pans out”


  So many questions, yet the first one that pops to mind is-


  “How did he die? I saw him 5 days ago and he was fine” Something chilling, his mother smiles, her black lipstick and pale skin gives her an ominous look. Even without being able to see her eyes he knows she must look pleased.


  “An explosion” Part of him is happy that he is gone, no longer will he harass Elias and cause him any grief. That at least makes him feel better about the whole situation. Yet-


  “Was it an attack as he went back to his land?” Peter is not an idiot, his mother said both kingdoms could possibly get a new leader, something went wrong. 


  His mother is oddly happy when she never is.


  His heart felt like it was heavy on his chest and he had a feeling… like a rubber band being pulled across his body, like there was energy waiting to see what it should do. Peter should stop asking because he doesnt think he will like the answer.


  “No child, he died in Opperior, apparently there was an explosion in some underground tunnels. There were rumours of him also potentially trying to use a love potion with the king and maybe murder him” The tunnels? His mind goes to that fire magic trap they temporarily disabled with Elias. Not only that, but the love potion and murder part have him blank out. What?! Peter hasn't been gone that long. How could that happen in just a few days!


  His breath comes out a bit short, he says Elias name so softly that he thinks his mother must not hear him. He is wrong of course.


  “Yes. Him, shame what happened, i was interested in an actual alliance” No. The way she says it...


  “No! He was fine when I left” Peter cannot conceive anything else, it just doesn't make any sense. Elias was fine! Well not fine, fine, but physically fine! It's been- its been less than five days. He must be ok, he can’t- there is no way that he-


  His mother lifts her head up and stares at him from under the veil with a stiff frozen smile.


  “He was with Maxwell in the tunnels as they went off, at least that's what it was believed, so far no one has been able to retrieve his body yet, unlike Maxwell’s. The last person that saw Elias was his general, she was there too, apparently she is heavily injured. There is also rumours about the missing prince appearing again, but those so far are not confirmed so i would take them with a grain of salt”


  Peter feels faint, Elias was supposed to live-


  “And…” He can't take much more, he just can't! “There had been rumours of a little girl being there too” 


  Something in him snaps. The fork he was holding fell down, not because he dropped it, but because it phazed right through him into the table. When he looks down he sees he is see through. 


  It only takes a moment before he starts to choke. He barely manages to get up and even when he does, Peter doubles over. Elias and Pasha were supposed to be fine, they were supposed to live! If anyone was to die it was him, not them- 


  Peter can't keep himself up so he falls to his knees and hands. Its weird, he can still feel the floor and not fall flat into it, but when he tries to hold the table or the chair his hands can't touch them. While his ears ringed he swore he could hear the click of heels. Soon between his blurry vision he could see his mothers skirt. She slowly kneels down a bit. And for the first time in years she pulls her veil back showing him her face.


  In a way he compares it to seeing the angel of death before dying.


  The other part of his brain that is not effectively shutting down and is less poetic realizes that yes, Lydia and Clara both bear a striking resemblance to their mother. Same sharp features and ashen blond hair. His oldest sisters would look a lot like her when they got older. 


  His mother is very beautiful, but she is an awful person unlike his sisters. The main difference, the one thing that at the very least sets them apart were the eyes. Clara had the same brown colored ones, however hers were warm and kind when she wanted.


  The queens were only cold and uncaring. Lydia had blue eyes like him and they did seem a bit colder, but not like this, he saw his sister soften up plenty of times, while she painted or talked to him and his siblings.


  He even catches her doing it as well when talking with Mikaele. Lydia looked cold, but she 
  
    cared
  
  , something their mother did not, because instead of looking worried about his state, all his mother did was smile. A real amused smile, Peter thinks this is what someone stabbing you with an icicle must feel like.


  She moves the loose hair framing her face behind her ears before touching his chin with her hand, even with the gloves on she felt cold. Peter is surprised he can still feel it at all. His mother makes him look at her directly into her eyes.


  “How funny, your father did the same thing when he found out I sent her little mistress to be executed. I even took the time to wear the same outfit from that day just for you. I wanted to see if it was true, and yes you fell in love how… sad” Peter tries to speak but he ends up coughing blood. His mother makes a tch sound and releases his face before picking up a napkin and cleaning his mouth.


  “How unsightful, I suppose it's time for you to go to bed. Let the guards take you, you won't be able to stand on your own otherwise” 


  That's why it looked familiar, Peter remembers briefly seeing her wear that dress years ago, right before their father fell ill. It only caught his attention because Lydia and Clara both kept saying that it was the first time they saw her wearing such warm colors. It was true, their mother before her mourning clothes, only wore purples and blues, the colors of the royal family. Gold and yellow was not her normal choice.


  Peter realizes It was her fault that his father got sick, he thought about it before, suspected that she sapped the life out of the man somehow. He just didn't expect it to be like this.


  “Wh-”


  “Why? Because he was weak, because even if we married for convenience i wasn't about to have him bersmich my name for a whore. Because… I gave him five children and he wanted more than I could give. He craved love and seeked it on someone else betraying our vows” His father wasn't a good person, that should not surprise him. 


  Still his mother did effectively plan to escentially kill his father while leaving him contained to die alone and miserable as revenge for cheating.


  “You look so much like him, you know? Especially now, you were both foolish enough to fall in love” Her smile is empty. “But that is no longer an issue, it seems things have fixed themselves. As if the world itself wanted to correct that little slip up of yours”


  He wants to say something, wants to curse her and call her an evil witch, but all he thinks from her words is how Elias and Pasha died. The prophecy ended up being true, it was Peter’s fault, it was his choices that somehow led to this wasn't it? If Peter had not been there to ruin Elias' life- then maybe he would still be-!


  And Pasha… sweet Pasha. He wants to throw up, he already almost lost her once and he thought that was bad, but this? This was so much worse than that. Peter had hope back then, of her coming back and remembering. But this? This was it.


  “You- lie” She pats his cheek twice with her gloved hands.


  “Oh Peter, I don't lie, omit things? Sure, but I have never been a 
  
    liar, 
  
  regardless of what the Lukas family may think” She raises herself up leaving him dry heaving on the grown.


  “Guards? Take him back please, from now on, he stays in his room, albeit I don't think you will manage to get far on your own Peter” She covers her face with the veil, essentially becoming unknown again and goes back to sit down to finish her food. She wishes him a goodnight as he is taken away while taking more bites of the cake.

 

  His trip to his room was hazy, all he could do was try and breathe. The pain over his body was constant, an ache that won't go away. He lost everything for real this time. Death was a better option than anything else, what point was there to him running away and dying somewhere else? He should stay here, it was what he deserved. To be alone and forgotten.


  Peter is dropped in his bed, but he can't feel a thing, he is numb to the world.


  
    Dead. They were dead.
  


  Maybe, he thinks a bit deliriously, they could all meet up again in another life. Its his last coherent thought for a while.

 
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Its nebulous to be honest, Elias feels like he is floating in jello, at least for an undetermined while. As sudden as that starts it disappears and he awakes in his bed.

  Well, not his bed at the castle no, he was after all a guest. With stilted movements he goes to change into something presentable and goes to have breakfast with his host. It would do well not to anger her.

  Sitting at the table he watches the mugs and cups without filling them with anything, he knows what's inside the tea pot and it's not something he can drink. Unlike the person who sits by his side.

  “You know, i did not expect to see you this soon” Elias plays with the folded napkin on the table and thinks his words through. He feels very… tired all of a sudden not only that but his head feels like it was under water.

  “Well you invited me, and you can't deny an invitation from the queen of Hilltop” Annabelle nods and gives him a fanged smile. He can smell something burning.

  Meat and cobwebs.

  “I suppose, but that's not what I meant” She pours spiders into her cup and proceeds to drink them in front of him. Elias stares at the table instead. He is no one to judge on a person’s diet.

  “Then what did you mean?” He hears her sigh and places the cup down with a clink. He feels quite honestly very lost right now, Elias feels like he was missing something important.

  “Why do you think you are here? Or better yet, where is, here?” What kind of question…?

  “Your castle? You summoned me to speak about a prophecy” That's the clearest memory he has for some reason, the trip there… it's blurry. He was attacked and then had to secure a safe travel somehow on his own-

  A spike of pain.

  “Elias look around you” Her tone is even and she sits perfectly still, he ignores her extra arms, of course she always had those! Why wouldn't she? But still it would be rude to not do as asked, so he turns around and sees a perfectly normal dining room. Without anything else to comment on, seeing as the place did not have any oddities he turns back towards her.

  “I don't see anything” That makes her smile.

  “And is that not weird?” He parses through her meaning, why would not seeing be a problem- it clicks, nothing was pointed out in his head about the place, there was no unnecessary flood of information about something there. Elias suddenly tries to 
  
    watch
  
  . But there is no power, no voice at the back of his head, no nothing. It's just himself and his thoughts.

  He panics.

  “What did you do-?!” Shaking her head Annebelle asks him if this is how he sees her. Confused, he questions her.

  “This, the arms, the fangs, the spiders in the cups. I know I fed you some before but I only did it out of necessity. I assure you i am far more free now than i was before and this charade is not necessary, i'm not going to harm you, i simply can't”

  He has no idea what she even means.

  “I don't-” But she sighs, its tired.

  “You do” Elias tries to think, tries to figure out what was missing and why was this happening.

  “Ask yourself this. How did you get here, what reasons could there be for your powers to not work and finally… where are we?” None of those questions make any sense, nothing is adding up-

  “Calm down and breathe Elias, you wont get an answer otherwise and our time here is limited enough as it is” Annabelle places four arms over the table and starts to play with the cutlery.

  Ok, ok. Think then, how did he get here? He came alone…

  The memory blurs, there is something missing. No, not something, 
  
    someone
  
  .

  “I… came on my own, but it doesn't feel right…” She nods and makes motion with her hand to keep going.

  “You did not, albeit i was not aware of it until too late, perhaps if you were more forthcoming things would have been different. Alas that was not the case, we both made assumptions based on an incomplete picture” What does she mean? Who…

  A face of a smiling man makes him grab his head.

  “There we go, keep answering, why do your powers not work anymore?” He bites the inside of his cheek to ground himself a bit with the pain.

  “Other fae can interfere, magic too. Your powers, that of the dark and fog… Underground is hard to see, but not impossible” She doesn't react.

  “Yes, but its not magic doing this, in fact i would say this is lack of magic all together. So… how can there be no power so to speak of?” That's impossible, magic flows everywhere, even if you can't use it, it exists.

  “Because… no, it's not possible for magic to stop working. Unless…”

  “Unless…?” And the answer is simple.

  “Unless its nor real, this… this is a dream?” That makes Annabelle laugh.

  “Getting close. Now, how am I here?” 

  “If this is a dream of sorts of course you can be here because you-” And that's when it dawns on him. The spider-like woman finally looks pleased. “Because you died”

  “I did” And if it's not a dream-

  “
  
    Oh
  
  ”

  “Oh indeed” She doesn't look upset, in fact she looks very relaxed while Elias starts to remember everything. She died, he was with… with Peter! They went back to Opperior and…

  
    Simon, the tunnels, Jane, Pasha, the faeries, the trip to Aella, the circus, the deal-
  

  
    The ball…
  

  
    Their fight! And… Maxwell-! The explosion and the water.
  

  “I'm dead aren't i?” He grips the table and starts to laugh hysterically. “I'm really dead! I… of course I am, I couldn't swim up fast enough, I drowned. That's why you are here you are dead too” Annabelle stays quiet and lets him freak out, its when he starts to hyperventilate that she steps in.

  “
  
    I am
  
  , and… so are you, but not quite. Not like me, not yet anyways” Elias does his best to look at her in between blurry eyes.

  “What is that supposed to mean?!” With a cryptic smile she shakes her head.

  “You will know, now, our time here is limited. So lets make this quick shall we?” Very confused and terrified Elias lashes out.

  “Quick? QUICK?! What does that mean!” She does not seem bothered at all by his outburst.

  “It means that you still have a choice, to stay here and start again in a new life or to go back. But before that i wanted to talk with you, because i was thinking you might make a wrong choice based on recent events” Elias stands up and starts to pace, he needs to move.

  “You want to talk? Fine, how about this, is Peter the one your prophecy talked about?”

  “Yes” She remains sitting and looks at him go. Taking a deep breath he closes his eyes and swipes his hair back from his face. He knew that, or at least was 99% sure of it.

  “What about Jon?” That is what makes her break into a grimace.

  “We had a plan, raising him and eventually setting him up in Opperior to take over you. A puppet king. Clearly it went wrong, we did not think.... Gerry Keay was an anomaly, his life should have ended a few years ago yet he survived, a miracle. A child favoured by the gods and fae alike, he had no strings for us to use and so when he met Jon it slipped beneath our notice. Gerry opened Jon’s eyes to a world of possibilities and so… when he realized that Jon’s 
  
    grandma 
  
  kept him trapped he took him along. It was unfortunate that happened around the same time as Peter Lukas prince of Mooreland escaped his kingdom in search of freedom”

  Elias takes a few calming breaths while hugging himself a bit.

  “Then this was what you foresaw, you won, meeting Peter led me to this, led me to my death and for Jon to still take over. There was never a shot for me to live, it was always going to come down to this. The procephy was correct, our choices… killed me” Annabelle doesn't groan, but he thinks she comes close to.

  “The prophecy this, the prophecy that! You and Maxwell tackle this the same way. Prophecies and predictions, do you know what happens when someone tries to stop them from happening? They tend to become true. Jonah and Maxwell both tried to stop their deaths, but by doing so doomed themselves quicker!” He wonders how does she know about Jonah, but realizes that they are dead, her knowing its not the least weird thing happening right now.

  “Meeting the missing prince and everything that happened afterwards? That was both of your choices. It could have ended well, just as it could have ended like this. Its not set in stone, even if most people think so. The reason why everyone thinks my patron has a hand in everything is because they assume they do” It's the first time she seems to speak so… freely and without riddles.

  “If you think that your fate is sealed then that's it, it is because you made it so. This? This could have been avoided if you two had been less stubborn way before the circus conflict. Things just kept escalating and making everything worse for nothing. Look, the prophecy is not done yet, what do you do? The choices you make? Those are yours only, not my patron's, not mine’s not Peter’s. Your’s Elias, you still can choose to end the story differently”

  He wants that, he wants to live but-

  “What do I have left? Jon knows, if Gertrude survives and she thinks i'm dead she will reinstall him as heir. Pasha… she would live less dangerously with Tim, Rosie doesn't need me, Peter… Peter made it clear what he thought '' Even if what Micheal said still kept nagging him.

  “God, you two are my personal favourite romantic drama, but this is just… Listen, I can't quite say everything, mostly because I'm not supposed to. But i will give you a bit of a hand, Micheal wasn't lying, yes, shocking i know, but he wasn't. Peter on the other hand… cruel words can be said when you think you will be sparing someone of something worse. That man is a pile of guilt and self esteem issues so big I'm surprised he didn't die sooner by his own hands” Elias stares and stares at her trying to discern if there is a lie somewhere.

  “Tell me one thing, my feelings… are they mine or are those supposed to happen because of the…” She rolls her eyes at him.

  
    Rude.
  

  “Elias… what you feel and what he feels is not due to my patrons' intervention. Love is the one thing that it cannot change. The one true magic that trumps all the others, as corny as that is. Its why true love kisses can break almost every curse. It's why a heartfelt love confession can do it as well. The heart wants what it wants, familiar, friends, loved ones, love for those you care about makes you act out. Peter could have left after delivering you to Hilltop, could have left after returning you to Opperior. No one has the power to make you feel the way you do except yourself” The reassurance that what he went through, that his choices were his own makes him exceptionally relieved.

  “Thank you, can't believe i'm saying that to you, but thank you” She shrugs.

  “I'm not under my contract anymore, death releases you from that, so I'm… free to speak as I want. I spent so long working for my patron that I forgot what I was like to be my own person” She looked pensive and a bit resigned. “It took my death to see it. Still i suppose i will try again when i finally get to see how this ends. I do love a good love story, i think you do as well” He flushes.

  “Stop spying on me!” Annabelle laughs a bit.

  “I will once you two get your heads out of your asses. Now, the question, Elias, do you want to try again or do you want to come back, despite the pain and dangers?” And he should start again, should simply fade away and try for a better life next time. But he will forget Pasha, Rosie, his friends, Tim, Helen and… Peter.

  Elias carved his path to the top as a teenager, maybe he grew a bit complacent, but if he could then he can start again if he loses the kingdom. He can make his way again, because that's who he is.

  He is not about to throw all his hard work to the garbage! If Jon knows then he will arrange things, if Pasha is there he will look after her, because he loves her. He will find a way.

  He always does and when he doesn't… Elias improvises!

  “I want to go back, despite everything. For the others and because… I want to know the truth, I want to scream at that idiot and make him explain himself. I want to make sure he is alright” The last part he whispers.

  What Micheal said shook him, is he hurt? What happened after Elias left?

  He won't know until he goes back and tracks him down for real.

  Annabelle smiles.

  “Good choice. Take the door to the left, someone will take you back” He steps towards it but turns to look at her in question.

  “Not you?” She shakes her head.

  “I need to pay up a few dues, i cannot get close to that place, but i'm sure you will be happy to see who is there” With curiosity he goes.

  “Good luck Elias”

  “Thank you… Annabelle” He opens the door and is blinded for a second, once he crosses over he sees a shadow move.

  “Oh there you are, look at you… i wanted to see you, but not quite like this dear” The voice is so painfully familiar he gasps. When a hand touches his cheek he just moves forward and hugs the woman in front of him.

  “Mom” Edith hugs him back.

  “Hey little dragon” 

  
  
  

  She takes him down a long corridor, the stained glass had a yellow and white pallet making the place look bright and warm.

  “Why-”

  “I wait dear, I made my own dealings once and I am paying my due. Dont worry too much, you will see me again eventually. You always do” Elias has a few brief memories of being Jonah and of his mother looking… the same.

  “Is that so…” She smiles grimly at him.

  “Parents should never outlive their children. And I loved you too much to see you go, a long life in exchange for another is a fair price to be held” Elias is left speechless.

  “Does that mean… that you died so young just so-”

  “You could live more? Yes, i will never regret that Jonah dear” The idea is just so insane he doesn't know what to say. All those lives he forgot, does that mean that she kept dying so he lived?

  “Mom…” She pats his cheek twice.

  “You will understand when you are a parent, or… well you already are don't you?” He thinks of Pasha and nods. In the end he made sure she could leave first so she wouldn't have to see him die. In the end, he made his own deal to keep her alive huh… 

  He really is his mothers child then.

  “I guess I can see your point now” She smiles brightly at him, before making them stop in front of a green door. It had golden decorations along with a few blue and teal ones, that made his heart ache for two people.

  “Now, as lovely as this was? It's time to wake up dear, it's going to hurt, mind you, but the pain means you are alive ok. Just take a deep breath and when you are ready open the door” Elias is ready, at least he thinks so. Life will be hard, but he can manage, he always had managed one way or another. Cheating death… what is one more time?

  However first he just needs to…

  “Thank you and also, I missed you” She nods with a soft expression on her face, Elias hugs her one more time before taking a deep breath and turning around to open the door. Before darkness consumes him and makes him pass out, he thinks he hears her wish him luck and to please slap…

  
    Peter 's mom?
  

  He might have misheard that las bit, yeah, she probably said slap Peter now, that would make more sense. Regardless, Elias has no time to dwell because the next thing he knows is that he is dry heaving on the side of an unfamiliar bed.

  Nothing comes out, but he is shaken by spasms all over his body. Elias hears a door open and someone talks softly while rubbing his back a little bit. It takes a while but eventually his body calms down and he gets to lay on the bed again as the person who was seemingly reassuring him helps him sit up and offers a glass of water by the nightstand.

  Elias rubs his eyes and sees the woman helping him. She was maybe a few inches shorter than him, her hair was ash blonde, or… well it was more leaning into white now, despite the fact that she looked rather young. It was a bit wavy and it tied into a ponytail, he could see she wore a blue skirt, a white thin long sleeved shirt and a small dark blue vest. Her eyes were a very familiar blue, but he couldn't quite place it at the moment.

  After a while of taking small sips he starts to try and ask who she is and what happened. His voice is raspy and it hurts a bit to talk, she seems to get the gist of it thankfully.

  “You are at our home, Glitter brought you to the beach, you were lucky I ran outside at night when I heard those explosions. That and… well its hard to deny a little girl crying in the middle of the night” Pasha-!

  “Where-!?” The woman pats his hand.

  “Sleeping, she kept herself awake trying to look after you, but she was too tired, its been three days, my sister took her to sleep on another bed. We were thinking we would need to go to the castle and get a better healer, but apparently waiting paid off” He is still reeling a bit about what he is doing here, and there are a lot of pressing questions.

  “Glitter..?” She looks a bit embarassed.

  “Its what i named the sea serpent, it was so friendly i couldnt help but to start feeding it once it appeared near my house” Sea serpent… the only serpent is-

  Opal?

  “Can you- explain from the…” She picks up a chair and sits next to the bed.

  “Apologies, where are my manners. Im Stella Baker, what happened three days ago was this. During the late hours of the night an explosion was heard near the castle grounds, it also seemed to affect part of the town as well, there were a few streets that broke down and businesses that got hit rather badly. Fortunately no one was hurt. My house is close to the beach. I went outside and stayed there for a long while when suddenly something came out of the water and changed shapes into a child. I was wary, but the small one started to wail and ask about her dad, which made me come closer. She was very spooked and tried to run off, that's when Glitter peeked out of the water” Shit-

  It makes sense, part of the tunnels were under the town, of course sinkholes would happen, the timeline makes sense at the very least. Her seeing Pasha was not ideal, but clearly Stella helped him and the girl.

  “When she did, the girl ran towards her calling her Opal, for a moment i thought it would bite her and i tried to pull her back, but the creature merely nuzzled Pasha and after the girl made a bunch of nonsensical noises, at least to me. Glitter went underwater and disappeared for a few minutes. This time I kept my distance to not make Pasha run away again. It took several long minutes of us waiting but the sea creature returned with… well you. Imagine my surprise when the king appears half drowned at my footsteps. The child was freaking out and when i tried to help she lashed out, so i had to explain i was trying to save you. That calmed her down” He can't imagine what she must have felt.

  “I managed to make you spit out the water and breathe, I knew how to prepare a few potions to heal from swallowing sea water… My brother wanted to be a sailor and I worried about him getting into a shipwreck and drowning so I learned how to make them. After that it was just waiting for you to wake up” The story makes sense, and once he sees Pasha with his two eyes he will believe her more.

  “Why… am I here?” She frowns.

  “I told you i healed you and-”

  “Why did you not tell the people in the castle, I went missing, they must think I'm dead” At that she stays quiet. It chills him to the bone, he looks around trying to find a way out. Was it a lie? Is Pasha safe?? His patron is a bit sluggish in his head.

  Stella plays with the end of her sleeves.

  “I was going to, but when Judy saw Pasha recognizing her and I found the necklace in your pocket we realized that we needed answers first, giving you up meant not knowing and that was worse” Necklace…?

  
    Wait.
  

  “That- that belongs to Pasha” She stares at him with a permanently calm face.

  “No, that belonged to me, but I had to give it back to my mother. I suppose she gave it to Peter in my absence” It finally clicks why she looked familiar.

  He only ever saw Lydia in that picture Peter had. She is much older now, her face was less chubby and she seemed sharper and lean. Still the eyes were the same, sad and resigned.

  “Lydia?” She grimaces.

  “Actually i prefer to go by Stella now” He doesn't care, this is insane! 

  “No, no I'm not dealing with this anymore. Your family has given me nothing but headaches. Your brother-” And thinking of Peter still makes him want to cry a bit, even if he knows now that something was wrong “Your brother hurt me” Albeit now he doesn't know why, if its as Annabelle said in that sort of vision? 

  Was any of that real or was his mind just playing tricks on him? His subconscious just showing him and telling him what he wanted? After all, none of what was said were things he did not briefly think at some point. Even his mother… he has his doubts, his memories of Jonah were slippery but he recalls her enough to know they look the same. Simon had a portrait of her that matched his mother.

  For all he knows that was a hallucination he had due to the lack of oxygen as he was drowning.

  Still.

  If it was? It truly felt a bit too real for his taste.

  Lydia or well Stella, looks at him sadly.

  “I apologize for any offense on his behalf, he is not the most tactful. If he was rude it's just because he doesn't know better” Elias has to stare blankly at her for a moment trying to gauge if she means it or if she is messing with him.

  In the end he surmises she is being honest.

  “I think he went past being rude to the point of hatefulness, but I was led to believe he did it for a reason. Even if it's unclear what would possess him to say such awful things to me after everything we went through”

  She blinks a few times as if confused, with a sigh he shakes his head.

  “Look, I need to go. There is a mess already brewing and I need… well i need to figure out a way to find him so i can yell at him after i'm done calming down the people in town and the castle about my death” Stella tilts her head to the side, reminding him of Peter or of a bird.

  “No one in town thinks you are dead, there were no words from the castle yet. There had been a few rumours of you being missing but not dead” Well that’s interesting.

  “Nothing?” She shakes her head.

  “There was a statement from the court saying that some old underground tunnels they didn't know about blew up. Help for those whose houses were affected was already on the way along with reconstruction of the streets. Your death hasn't been mentioned, people are speculating on your silence, but considering there were still royals from other lands in the castle they presume you are busy calming them down”

  Shit! His guests, fuck Maxwell as well, how does he explain his death? It could lead to war! Elias already feels like he wants to go back to sleep, this is a nightmare.

  “Look, I understand you are going through a lot, but I just need to know how Peter is doing. Is he… how far along is he? Judith said she saw him cough and had… tattoos already but she couldn't tell how much they covered. How is he holding up? We have been trying to find him for months, but of course we wouldn't find him in town, he was staying in the castle with you!”

  Part of him, the one that cares about Peter the one that still loves him despite everything feels a pang of protectiveness, they left him. Even if he now understands more what that entailed for him, they still all left him without a word and it clearly hurt him. So despite himself his answer becomes spiteful.

  “What do any of you 
  
    care
  
  ? You left him alone without a word, do you know how upset he was? Also what do you even mean? His tattoos are from his magic and his coughing has always been there, he said he had it since he was a child” Its when he finishes speaking that her face falls.

  “You don't know, do you? Of course he wouldn't tell anyone, stubborn man that he is. Mother’s favourite....” The last part is not uttered with any kind of jealousy as one might expect, instead it looked like pity. Peter would have hated that look.

  “Tell me what? Why does everyone know more things about him than me! Why doesn't he-” Again he feels that swell of emotions, the anger and raw hurt from his words at the old church “He said he trusted me” Clutching the bed covers his voice drifts off at the end.

  Stella stays quiet for a moment.

  “Did he?” He nods and clears his throat for a bit.

  “Yes but apparently he trusted Tim and Helen far more than me, seeing as he told them about being a prince in the first place” 

  “Wait, Tim? Tim Stoker?” She crosses her arms.

  “Yes?” This whole conversation is really confusing him. Stella pinches the bridge of her nose.

  “I told Aaron that he was suspicious, but no, he never listens when it comes to this kind of thing. Uff, nevermind that. He didn't tell you about the curse? Anything at all about it? The tattoos, do you know how much they stretched out on his skin?”

  Elias bites back an instant reply of minding her own business. Instead he focuses on the word curse.

  Peter… was cursed? That also makes him think about the letters, the fake ones from Aaron, in there he mentioned his older brother being ill due to a curse. That they didn't know if he would make it-

  No.

  No way.

  No bloody way.

  Simon and Titania’s nephew, fuck!

  “You got to be fucking kidding me!!!” He is not prone to cursing like this, even less in front of strangers or ladies, but this is warranted.

  Elias is an idiot! The biggest idiot there is and Peter is a horrible liar.

  “Excuse me?” He wants to kill him with his bare hands again.

  “He has a curse, of course he has a curse! He cannot invent a story so he- im going to find him and strangle him! Also! Again, why do you care about him? By all means you all abandoned him, what does it matter” Lydia looked a bit spooked by his outburst, but once he asked her that she grimaced.

  “Its more complicated than you think. But we care! We care about him a lot, we love him, we didn't want to- I thought he would be fine, i thought he wouldn't care, he never tried to stay with us always choosing that fairy and mother but he… he got sick”

  Her face was full of guilt and grief, he is starting to remember Micheal’s comment about him being out of it after their fight.

  “What does the curse do?” Stella covers her face for a few moments and once she calms down she puts her hands  over her lap, before looking at him straight on.

  “What do you know about Mooreland?” That's not what he asked, but it must be related to it.

  “That its an isolated kingdom, that it only works with Erebus and Aella?” She nods slowly.

  “The truth is, there is a reason why, two hundred years ago more or less, the land was open to trade, in fact it was allies with Opperior. But our great grandfather… got cursed by a primordial fairy, the queen of the fog herself. Due to it the land itself was surrounded by an awful fog, and our grandfather after the curse was cast died in a week. He never wrote down what the words she told him were” That is- if you don't know the words you cannot break or change the curse, what was he thinking?!

  “That's where the problem started, the royal family, more specifically the first born son of every generation was passed down the duty of breaking the curse. But there was one more thing that came with it. The illness, everyone could get it, but the royal family were the ones more likely to get it, it's why most kings and queens had several children, because it was likely they wouldn't survive until adulthood”

  He stares with mounting dread and a slow realization of Peter’s behaviour.

  Stella breathes in and out before continuing.

  “I thought that he wouldn't care, not enough to get sick! We weren't raised to be close and… he always prefered to be away from us most of the time. I should have known he was just as miserable as the rest of us, Peter just hid it better. I was an idiot he seeked us out when he could. I thought I was protecting him-!” She hugs herself a bit, in any other case he would try to give a few bland words about not being her fault, but if this is going where he thinks-

  
    Simon said his nephew was dying.
  

  “It kill him” The realization hits him like a hammer to the chest. She covers her mouth and nods. Elias thinks and things start to click in place. 

  
    The list of things Peter wanted to do, the coughing, his reaction to Elias telling him that Pasha lied likely because of him-
  

  Peter had been dying this entire time, the list was the things he wanted to do before he died, not things he wanted to do after leaving his stifling home. The coughing fits, the tattoos?

  “What… how does it work?” She takes a few breaths.

  “First it's the tattoos, they are the mark that you got sick, as it grows they start to spread out until they reach your heart and lungs. The coughing starts mildly, then it gets worse and worse, fog comes out of your mouth as you start to be filled by it from the inside out. Your hair becomes more white and finally your body becomes translucent, even intangible. Then you just… become fog, leaving nothing behind but the clothes on your back. Nothing left to mourn, nothing left to miss. You are nothing”

  His face falls, Peter’s and Tim's reaction to the comment over his hair…

  He blinks.

  
    Tim knew.
  

  Again another pang of fury, it's enough to blind him for a moment and make him think that Peter deserved that. However as soon as it comes it pases and it leaves him feeling empty and awful. He doesnt want that, he doesn't want him to die, doesn't want him to be hurt. Elias wants him to be safe and home so he can yell his ear off.

  “I-”

  “We didn't expect to see him, but one day Judith finds him in the shop with a little girl who called him 
  
    dad
  
  , him and the man in the shop, we left a couple of years ago and...” At that Elias squirms.

  “That… was actually me, I used a glamor so people wouldn't realize it was me and I could go to town in peace” Stella stays quiet but takes a breath.

  “You two…?” It still stings.

  “Pasha wanted a family and… he doesn't want me, he said so” Stella looks a bit disappointed.

  “I wanted him to be happy….Pasha, she didn't recognize Judith when i brought her in” He shakes his head.

  “She lost her memories due to an incident with the changelings a few months prior, and we never came back here since Peter didn't want to see you” Its her turn to look elsewhere hurt.

  Elias is exhausted. 

  “He gave her the necklace” He nods. This is too much.

  “Why did you leave? Him, your kingdom, whatever. Why did all of you go?” She stands up.

  “I should let Pasha know you are awake” Elias asks again more roughly.

  “Why?!” She gives him a cool stare.

  “Its a family matter-” He loses it.

  “Family?! You left him alone and it caused him to get sick! To die! Me, Pasha, Tim and Helen had been more of a family to him in this past year and a half than you! You don't deserve him- And even… even if he said he didn't love us I'm starting to think that was a lie. So once I get out of here, I'm getting Helen to drop me off in Mooreland so I can scream at him for lying about him dying and not letting me help him!”

  Her back goes stiff.

  “He is in Mooreland again?” God he wants to shake her.

  “Apparently your mother set a reward for his capture, to send him back alive. Martin and Micheal got him after we fought and-” She turns around with a look of panic.

  “He can't be home, not like that, she will get him killed faster!” He doesn't understand.

  “Your mother? She wanted him alive, why would she get him-” Stella paces.

  “Because she is an awful person, because she knows how to break the curse and if she believes Peter was close to doing it she will kill him and then get Aaron as well!”

  …

  WHAT
 
  “What do you mean she knows?! You said your grandfather did not write it anywhere?!” Stella's hair was becoming increasingly messy with how much she was moving around. Locks of stray hairs were escaping from the ponytail.

  “You want to know why we left? I wanted to pick up a book about the story of Mooreland, but I heard that my mother took it. I just needed to check a page for a detail so I thought to sneak into her room to look for it and go. She always stays in her greenhouse around the same time. So I sneaked in and looked for it, but what I found instead is a diary of sorts, an old one. It had her family name on it. Curious about it, I opened it. It had records from hundreds of years prior, that's when i reach a page that talked about Mordechai, our grandfather”

  Elias starts to slowly get out of bed and stand up, his legs were very shaky but he needed to stand up.

  “I read it, it mentions him coming to ask for a solution for his curse. I was about to read the paragraph of him explaining it when my mother grabbed my wrist from behind me and took it away. Why did she come early, how did she know it was there is still a mystery, but the important part was that we “fought” or well more like discussed it in cold tones as it is normal in our family. Long story short she forbade me from telling the others, especially Peter. When I threatened her to expose it ....” At that she stops moving.

  “She said that she had no qualms about locking the other up or sending them away to never be seen again. She told me that if I ever told any of them, but especially Peter, she would hurt them. I was old enough to know that she meant every word” He looks at her and sees her shake a bit.

  “I don't care about… most people, but the one thing I do care about is them. I knew that despite my promise it wouldn't take long for her to slowly get rid of them one by one, I became a threat to whatever she wanted. An accident here, a sibling who went out and never came back… those things happen all the time back there. So I did what I could with what little time I had. Conving the others was hard, especially because i was now under watch from my mom, but the real issue was Peter”

  The idea of royals killing threats in their families is not new, it doesn't surprise him. But he does feel for her, for being put in that position, especially with the other’s lives hanging above her head.

  At that she turns to him.

  “We didn't think he would want to go, and convincing him? He was happy in the spot he had. But the main issue was… despite his love for solitude we could never get him alone enough to ask. He was either with Missy, gone or… well, I told you mother didn't want me to get close to him. I could see guards that kept following me around making it impossible to get him on his own to talk. Convincing Judith and Aaron to leave him behind was… harsh. I couldn't tell them why, not until we were safe! And the diary i wanted to get it too, however she must have realized because there were guards in front of her room as well. So we left, since mother prefered Peter and clearly wanted him to not know, I thought he would be fine”

  He takes a deep breath, god, GOD!

  “That was such a foolish and childish belief! Do the others know?” She looks guiltily to the side, making him clench his jaw.

  “Once we were out, I was worried that if we were ever captured again, that by knowing… they would be punished. I would rather be the sole one responsible for the entire thing” 

  “What is wrong with your family and not being forthcoming with important things!” She laughs, a soft and self deprecating thing.

  “You didn't live there, you don't know what it was like growing up and being told that your feelings would kill you. The illness? The one that kills most of us is believed to be caused by strong emotions, at least that's what it's suspected. That's why we were all taught to be cold and never show what we feel, it could kill us. It's hard to get rid of that mindset even now. I never thought he would care that much about us being gone that he would eventually get sick too, all i wanted was to keep them safe and i failed that. She will kill him, Peter was the most sheltered out of all of us” 

  Elias finally reaches her and grabs her wrist lightly, he is feeling like he swallowed glass and it was cutting him from the inside out. In the end he never knew anything about Peter huh?

  “You think she will kill him because he left?” She nods with a teary gaze.

  “If she made sure to shelter him it was because of something, him going on his own for so long… exploring the world, caring about others! If she knows the answer to the curse then she must think he can break it. Otherwise she would have stopped looking for him like with us and waited for him to die on his own”

  Closing his eyes he takes a few breaths. He wanted answers, he wanted Peter to tell him what was going on his head this entire time to lie about this. About his death.

  
    Just like Pasha-
  

  Or maybe Pasha was lying like him. He has a brief flash to the first time they bathed her, how she started to cry at seeing Peter’s tattoos. She must have realized, he probably made her promise not to tell.

  It dawns on him that they both knew they were dying and never intended to tell him until they were gone. Leaving him alone again without an answer.

  He has cried a bit too much in the last few days. All he wants is to be done with this, to stop hurting. Is it even worth it? To pursue him when its likely that he will die? Is it worth it knowing that he lied to him about everything, that nothing they shared was real? 

  Maybe he did mean all of that.

  “I-”

  The door opens up with a slam and a small body enters followed by shouts.

  “LIE” Pasha runs towards his legs making him almost down. Once in contact with him she starts to climb him like a fire-monkey.

  “Lie, Lie! You lied, you lied to Pasha, you were- i- i daddy please don't leave me-” He quickly holds her tight.

  “Im sorry, i didn't want to scare you” She wails and he sees Judith enter looking frazzled.

  “Foggy lady like dad helped you, Pasha promised you to be safe. Pasha wanted to look for Timmy but they wouldnt let her go” Fuck, right Tim-

  Right Tim! He knew, so did Helen. An explanation…

  Oh yeah. Elias did give them horrible memories didn't he? He… hurt them. Lashed out and hurt them. Regret, even if they lied, he… feels a bit bad about the over reaction. He should have controlled himself, but that day had been so emotionally exhausting he couldn't help it.

  “We will… we will talk to him soon, I believe he has more answers about what is going on. Pasha, they are Peter’s siblings, ok? Judith and Stella. You met Judith before, you just don't remember it” She clings to his shirt.

  Borrowed from Aaron he suspects.

  “I'm mad, and sad, and Pasha- doesn't want to forgive Lie for lying, but Pasha lied too. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, is this what Eye felt? Didn't mean to, please don't do it again, Pasha will be good, please don't leave me…”

  “I won't, i wont i swear- We will…” And he has to take a minute, should… should they? Even if he hesitated, even if he hurt him, Elias wants to see Peter and hear him explain himself, wants him to tell him the truth if there is one.

  Wants Pasha to be able to say goodbye if it comes down to it.

  “We will find Peter ok? I want to hear him out” She looks up at him and nods.

  Stella and Judith stare at them and he wants them out. This was between them.

  “I miss daddy” 

  “I know, i know princess”

  The two women look elsewhere, both seemingly upset. If Stella is to be believed, neither wanted to leave Peter, but they also never tried to approach him either. Doesn't surprise him, Elias and later Tim had to force the sailor to be their friend.

  He can't imagine what it was like with his siblings if they were all a bunch of emotionally stunted people.

  
  
  

  Ideally Elias should go to the castle and tell everyone that he is… alive. However, there is a big problem with that.

  If Peter is in danger as Stella believes, going back at the moment would mean having to deal with the explosion, the fallout with Maxwell- he would need to give explanations, speaches, he would need to convince everyone that it wasnt a murder attempt to get rid of the dark king.

  It would take him days and that is not even counting with whatever Jonathan is up to.

  He has no idea if he is planning to take over, while Elias is seemingly “dead” or missing in action. Again, dealing with that would take weeks.

  Its time that he doesn't have.

  What he needs to do is simple. Go to Mooreland, snatch Peter from his mother’s clutches and come back. Whatever the fallout is from their conversation he will deal with it as he can. But he has to find him at least.

  A trip to the other kingdom by normal means could take a week.

  Again, too much time. So a supernatural trip would be easier and lucky for him, he has a fae who can create doors. Unfortunately he gave her horrible visions of her father.

  Helen cares for Peter, that should mean something, even if she hates him now, she should at least try to save him. Same with Tim, they can hate Elias all they want, but he believes that they would help the missing man.

  Then there is also the matter with the little thief and traitor.

  Martin Blackwood.

  Martin who fits the description of the late stages of the curse, Martin who likely came from Mooreland with a vendetta for Peter due to his own sickness.

  Simon could help too, he cares about Peter, same with Titania. But asking them to come would make them seem hostile to the queen. Tadeas? It could work, he knew as well about the situation.

  He has to decide quickly because they can't really lose much more time. First things first.

  Helen, she can get them access to the castle and then to Tim and the others if needed. With a bit of help from Judith who gives him odd looks he draws a door with chalk on the wall and knocks three times. It takes about 20 minutes but it eventually opens up causing the woman in the room to jump in surprise at the grim face of the fae woman.

  “You called?” She doesn't look happy to see him.

  “Hello Helen” They remain silent, for a few moments before her smile breaks, literally, and then she stretches her arms towards him, for a brief moment he thinks she wants to stab him with her knife-like hands.

  Instead she pulls him close and hugs him.

  “You little menace, how many times are you going to make people think you are dead?!” He has no idea how to respond, he was prepared to ire and resentment. Not…. relief.

  “To be fair, i wasn't planning on this” She chokes a laugh and squeezes him a bit.

  “You never are!”

  Pasha pokes her head from behind her “aunties” as she has taken to calling them and goes to hug Helen as well.

  “Little spark! You are well! Tim was looking for you everywhere, so was Captain and Duchess, we thought you ran away” Elias breathes in and out smelling peaches and cotton candy.

  “Maxwell kidnapped her and tried to kill me and Gertrude. Look Helen, I'm happy you came and I will explain everything when I have the time, but Peter is very likely in danger. I need your help” That has her stiffening.

  “I thought you kicked him out” And he sighs pressed against her neck.

  “I did, but he didn't leave, not out of his own will, Martin and...Micheal sent him to Mooreland” She let out a small curse.

  “Why!?”

  And that at least he knows.

  “Because Martin is from there, because… his mother sent people to bring him back alive in exchange for money. Helen, please” She pulls him and Pasha away with a bit of reluctance.

  “I am mad at you” He deserves that, he tries to apologize but she holds her hand up stopping him ”Let me finish, but I know why you did that, i get it. It was exactly what Peter wanted, well more like expected” 

  “Why?” It was Stella who spoke out, and Helen sighs before turning towards her.

  “Because he is an idiot. Elias, whatever he said? He didn't mean it, he just wanted you to hate him so you would kick him out. He didn't want… he didn't want you to see him waste away. Peter would rather go on his own and have you hate him than letting you mourn him and spend every waking moment trying to find a cure that he thought didn't exist. We- we thought we had a solution, but apparently it must have failed if he decided to go with that”

  “Daddy is sick?” Pasha… Helen sighs and picks her up”

  “He is darling, you used to know that, but… i think he didnt want you to remember it this time around, wanted to save you the grief” This entire thing is infuriating, he wants nothing more than to yell and shake him.

  Elias wants to punch something really bad, maybe do some paperwork to lose himself for a bit and ignore that his life has gone off the rails.

  Unfortunately he can't.

  “That man! This is humiliating, he can't make that kind of decision for me. I'm an adult, he can't take that away! What I do with the knowledge is my choice, not his, he didn't even let me try- I'm just” Helen winces.

  “I know, he felt bad about it too. At least that's the impression we got with Tim, Timmy himself told him how unfair it was to you. He wanted to tell you in case Peter did go through it, but your… little trick left us stunted and then… you and Peter were gone” Elias wants to throw a glass against the wall, but that would be rude to his hosts. Instead he massaged his head, he was getting a headache.

  “Regardless. If he is back there, we need to get him. Stella… believes that he will get sicker faster” He doesn't outright say that she thinks the queen wants to kill him due to Judith. Even if he feels like he should “Can you make a door to get us there faster?”

  And Helen frowns.

  “I can't,” Elias shakes his head.

  “If this is about your nature and helping at the last moment-”

  “No, no! It's not that, I want to help! Truly, I can fight my own nature if needed, even if it hurts. I… am trying my best. No, the problem is the magic, the zone around Mooreland has that fog magic and it's like a wall against my powers. My magic can't seem to function properly, I am afraid that if I try to bring you along, my door will drop us somewhere completely different instead” That is…

  “That should not be possible, the magic there shouldn't keep people out!” Judith seems perplexed. Her sister puts a hand over her shoulder.

  “We have been gone for a while now, its bound to have changed by now-” Judith flinches away from her.

  “This wouldn't have happened if we had managed to talk to him. This proves it! Peter was miserable too, he managed to make friends here, he… he got a kid. We should have tried harder, but we left him there with mother and uncle. Alone in the castle... and now he is-” Stella lifts her hand up a bit, but drops it when Judith shakes her head at her.

  “Im… im going out, i will check on Aaron and Clara” After that she turns around and goes.

  “Aunty…?” Pasha looks between everyone in the room. Stella looks to the side with a guilty expression.

  “Is this why… you don't work at the coffee shop with the rest?” Lydia nods.

  “They were happy being free, but not about me making them leave Peter behind, even if I never wanted to. I put my art there and helped them choose the name of the place but…” In a way he can see how they are related, Stella and Peter make the same uncomfortable expression when they are upset.

  “How do we help then? A normal trip takes a week, i wanted to do this in less than a day” Everyone keeps looking at each other. No one knows how to answer him.

  “How did daddy get there?” Pasha squirms a bit in Helen’s arms.

  “Micheal got him there, but-” Helen seems to be thinking along the same line.

  “How did he manage? Even I can't” 
  
    Well.
  

  “Only one way to find out i suppose” 

  
  

  Helen transports them to the castle, Stella goes with them, she wanted to tag along when they met up with Peter. She tells him softly that she wants to apologize and explain herself. Yet more importantly…

  “I want to find that book and see how to help him, maybe we have enough time. Whatever it is, if we know what the words are, we can get the help of a fae to change them, that should buy us time if the original curse was too hard to break” He nods, that sounds like a plan. 

  They could split up, Stella knows the place well enough to guide him a bit, since his powers will be useless in the fog.

  Speaking of which…

  
    You knew
  

  We did, but acting is not our responsibility. We watched, and you two were so funny to see dancing around each other.

  A spike of fury.

  Oh calm down, it was necessary. The curse cannot be broken otherwise, some things had to happen the way they did. You are lucky that it panned out the way they did, for all you know sailor man could have left a long time ago and died alone and forgotten. You can help him, even if you don't know it yet.

  That is reassuring and chilling to think about.

  Can you tell me how to save him?!

  No, he was close to be honest. My pixies tried to make him realize it, but those poor creatures weren't clear enough and gave him the wrong idea. See how that went for him, still it was a good move for you in the end. 

  He wonders what the hell did that mean, yet receives no answer. His patron was not being very forthcoming to be honest.
 
  In the castle Elias has to avoid being seen, again, if they realize he is alive he will be forced to stay and he has to get Peter first if he is dying or going to get killed. He has responsibilities, he knows it! But… if he stays the man would die and Elias won't be able to forgive himself.

  Helen tells them to wait in the library while she goes to get Tim. From there they can get Sasha and hopefully Micheal to help them.

  “Eye… do you think daddy will be fine?” He doesn't want to lie to her, not really. She still seems spooked and a bit distrustful.

  “I don't know, i hope so”

  “And the curse…?” That he has no answer to, if Stella is correct there are records of it so they may have a chance still to save him. It must be an hour, Stella sits perfectly still while Pasha asks her questions. He can see her eyes softening up at her as she answers. He ponders if she is seeing someone else.

  Pasha, after all, has a striking resemblance to Peter and Judith as children from the picture he saw.

  Finally the door opens, but its not quite what he expected.

  Tim was there, along with Helen of course. However, Tadeas, Simon and Titania were an… uncomfortable surprise.

  Ah shit he didn't see Rosie.

  Out of all the people there he didn't expect her to be the one to deck him in the face. If he was honest? He thought Tim would be it.

  “How?! How many TIMES do you intend to do this to us?! Everyone is hysterical because of you!! All the royals are completely losing it! Maxwell tried to kill you? Is that what happened? Because we saw the monster corpse and Gertrude said that's what happened, but you know how she is” He nurses his cheek.

  He was about to talk when he heard hissing and bursting, Pasha was in her most inhuman shape. The one he briefly recalls seeing at the circus. Spindly void like body with glowing lights, she was growling at Rosie.

  “Don't hurt him! Eye was already hurt! Pasha won't let anyone-” He sees her preparing to jump towards them so he quickly turns around and picks her up as she struggles on his arms to try and scratch someone.

  “No, she won't hurt me, I deserved that ok? She is worried, she is not trying to hurt me, I swear princess. I promise, calm down ok?” She feels wrong on every level, Elias' arms have goosebumps as he feels her “skin” touch his arms. It was unnerving, but he still holds her as she starts to get eyes all over.

  She is too stressed to keep a normal shape and is clearly becoming increasingly violent.

  Pasha stops making human sounds and starts to make little growls and chirps that mean if he translates it well-

  
    Away, away, he is mine. Protect, mine, dad, safe.
  

  Which is touching but not the moment to let it happen. She gnaws on his arm a bit making him hiss in pain, but Titania tuts and picks her up in the air.

  “No way to act, young lady. You are not supposed to show that shape to the humans, it's unbecoming of your kind” Pasha kicks in the air, and he is afraid she will start screaming her head off, but instead she cries.

  
    Scared, scared, dad was almost dead, the man of darkness hurt me, dad was blue in the face and did not move. Please don't take him away.
  

  Elias did not consider how this whole thing must have looked from her perspective, he was a bit too wrapped up in his own feelings to realize how traumatizing the last few days were for her as well. Last time something this horrible happened to her she forgot all about it, this time she doesn't have that.

  “Pasha-” Titania shushes him and holds her like a baby, she is so tall and the child so small it could very well be. 

  “I will stay with the small one, the rest of you may talk, your dad will be fine i swear to you” Pasha snuggles her and cries. He steps forward but Titania gives him a look that makes him feel like a bug, as if he was an ant watching a foot coming down to step on him. He felt small and breathless.

  “Talk to them and then we see what to do. C’mon child i will tell you a few stories about Peter as a child”

  Once she is out, Rosie rubs her eyes and gives him an exhausted look. Tadeas stands closer to her and god he wishes it was a simpler time so he could tease her, but he fears she might throw a glass at his head.

  Tim clears his throat.

  “Figured we needed the entire group to… you know do this right. Everyone deserves to know, if Peter had listened to me maybe this wouldn't even have happened. Maybe if you did as well” At that he has nothing to say but-

  “Tim I apologize for-” He cuts him off mid sentences.

  “No, just no, not now, it was shitty, I get why you did it, but that was low. Let's focus on helping Peter first ok? Helen says he might be in danger” 

  “Yes, that's what I heard! Imagine my surprise at being told that he was here… that you met him and that now he is gone!” Simon doesn't sound happy in the slightest.

  “Hi Simon” Stella's voice has the old man stare at her in a cold way.

  “Lydia” The woman blinks unfazed.

  “Its Stella now please” He frowns but nods.

  “So? Care to explain to me what happened? And how are you here right now after seemingly dying? Or going missing at the very least, or what happened to Maxwell?” 

  Elias sighs and asks everyone to sit, this might take a while. Once everyone is in place he starts from the beginning and tells them what he knows. What he thought at the very least was the truth.

  It takes two hours for him to finish, mainly because he had to stop several arguments. From there it was his time to ask both Tim and Tadeas what they knew. Timothy starts first, saying that a few months ago Peter told him about who he was and the curse. 

  “He wanted to break it, he just didn't know how so Helen, Peter and I, started to try and logic our way around it, plus asked the pixies for a few tips, since they seem to know things” 

  Lydia, or well Stella is the one to ask.

  “What changed? Why did he suddenly want to do something about it?” That's when Tim and Helen looked at each other and then at Elias.

  “He wanted to break it so he could tell you he was a prince. That way you wouldnt have to marry Maxwell. He wanted to live so he could make you happy” And oh does that gut him immediately.

  “That's not what he said to me-” Tim ruffles his hair in frustration. Tadeas sighs next to Rosie and looks elsewhere.

  “If it didn't work, if he couldn't fix it he wanted to make sure you wouldn't spend his last moments looking for a cure that wasn't there! He didn't want to… die trapped and see you waste your time on something that didn't exist” He takes a deep breath.

  “That's what he told me as well, he wanted to spare you, and… ask Aaron to marry you just to help with the Pasha thing” Stella turns to him sharply.

  “What?” Tadeas nods and takes out a letter?

  “He wrote that for you, wanted me to give it so you would consider helping him, but with what happened i didn't had the time to go look for any of you” She picks it up gingerly, she doesn't open it, he wouldn't want to do it either, not in front of everyone at least.

  “So just to clarify, he lied to me about all those awful things so he would get kicked out, then Martin and Micheal got him after our fight and sent him home. The main issue is this, Helen can't make a door to Mooreland, the magic is too strong and it would drop us somewhere else. We need to convince 
  
    Micheal 
  
  to help us” Simon kicks his legs back and forth, back and forth.

  “He was in Aella” They already had this discussion.

  “Yes, Simon, yes he was, I am sorry I did not tell you sooner, but he led me to believe that you would send him back home if you recognized him. I did not connect your missing nephew with Peter because as I told you, you speak of people as if they were all children. So excuse me for not telling you who he was, as I literally found out 4 days ago right before almost getting killed twice in one night!” He has very little patience left.

  The room tastes like ozone and most of everyone there started to try and pull away.

  “Oh sod off Simon, you have done this trick since i was Jonah, it loses its charm after a while” As he says that he sees the man blink confusedly and then grin broadly, Elias is more scared about the smile than the threat.

  “Old chap!” He covers his face with his hands as several people make questioning sounds.

  “Not the time to unpack all of that please, yes Simon, or well not quite its mostly blurry ok? Can we move on to the part where we try to save the idiot man? We all care about him one way or another. And after everything i heard if this curse doesn't kill him first, i might strangle him myself” Several sounds of distress.

  “I deserve that, after all the lies, I deserve to strangle him a bit, shut up, you did not have to hear him say what he did to me ok? It's within my right”

  “Fine king, fine, but we should also focus on the curse breaking part as well?” Thats when Stella steps in and tells them what she told him.

  By the end everyone was cursing in different degrees, Simon being the most vocal about it.

  “That witch-”

  Its been hours now, they need to speed this up. Finally putting up everyone to date took a lot of time and they still need to get Micehal. Elias is still debating if he wants to sent Martin to the dungeon or not.

  “So! Summarizing people. We need Michael to get in, Stella needs to get the diary from her mothers room, I need to find Peter and drag him away. Plans?” This time its Rosie who asks something that has him slump on his chair.

  “Sir, should we not tell everyone you are alive?! I understand the urgency but you are currently presumed dead, Maxwell is dead, Gertrude is injured severely. We are in the middle of a crisis” He really, really needs a drink.

  “I know, trust me I do! But as you say its a crisis and a big one, what do you think happens if i appear alive and well? I would be dragged to answer questions immediately, how long until I can move freely? If Stella is right Peter doesn't have much time left” She frets a bit on her seat.

  “Then send Mr Stoker! He is friends with Peter, or Helen, I'm sure they can retrieve him just as well” The two of them look at each other queasily.

  “We think, or at least the pixies said, that Elias can help him break the curse. If its life or death he should be there” Rosie looks very unimpressed. 

  “Besides against all odds they sort of keep saving each other so I am very confident this should work. I mean Peter must have broken that nasty love spell Maxwell made Elias drink” That- Blurry memories of kissing that man…

  He tries to not squirm and give himself away, but Tim must see something because he waggles his eyebrows at him.

  “Shut up Tim”

  Helen, Stella and Simon looked surprised, albeit the old man and Helen were leaning into gleeful like Tim, while Stella seemed a bit more sad.

  Tadeas just snorted while Rosie looked exasperated.

  “Oh i knew he had it in him… how unlucky that didn't break the curse as we thought” Realizing that must have been what caused Peter to do a complete flip in personality the next few days is sobering. Peter had hope that kiss would save him so then he could tell Elias who he was, but then that failed and what…

  What does that to a person? To know your last hope slipped between your fingers like water. That your death was imminent. So many things he wants to throw at his face, so many words and vitriol for everything.

  “Look Rosie i just need more time, a day maybe two” She looked uncomfortable.

  “Its hard enough as it is sir, i did as you asked before and put Mr Banks in charge. But we have heard a few rumours about the missing prince around. We stifle them as we can, but its hard” Jon…

  “Has anyone seen Jonathan? Or Mr Keay?” Tim puts on an angry face.

  “Sasha doesn't know where they are, not them or Martin; they basically left her on her own and she has no idea why. Now I get it more, but still… what do we do with all of them?” Closing his eyes he counts to five and talks.

  “Jon and Gerard, if found , are to be kept under observation and not let them blabber at all, I don't care how. Just keep them in place so I can… talk to them once this is over, perhaps I can still persuade them to not do anything reckless. As for Martin… I want him in the dungeons, use magic force fields to keep him there, I don't care, I want him stuck no matter what” Dead is not something he will say outright, but he is close to it.

  “As for Sasha… tell her what you think is necessary to get her to cooperate, if Micheal is fond of her as we were led to believe having her on our side should be enough” Helen looks mighty upset, her body kept leaving afterimages.

  “And then?” Then…

  “Then we go, if it works we go to get him. Rosie, you will be in charge of finding Jon, Gerard and Martin ok? Stella, Tadeas? If you don't mind? Should come with me to Mooreland, mostly so they can guide me”

  “What about me!” Simon looks gleefully vengeful.

  “Me and Titania can give Anna a nice talk down…” That…

  “As nice as that is, you would be declaring war, we just need to get Peter out. No need to start a conflict, I'm already on the brink of a war myself. When news reaches Erebus about Maxwell i will be ruined” God a peace treaty would be impossible, how the hell does he get out of that one now?

  “Elias… you don't know Queen Anna. If anything I could work as a distraction” That would be useful. “Besides, as if anyone could start a war with me!” Aaand he is back to being himself. God forbids Simon takes anything serious.

  “No, as nice as that would be, it would cause even more panic if you were to disappear as well after two kinds supposedly died. You have to stay, plus someone needs to back up Rosie to make sure to not give me up for dead yet and in case Jon tries something! Which by the way, you can keep him in your magic pocket for as long as you need, just dont kill him”

  “Bah, you take the fun out of everything. However Elias… make sure to bring him back, i want to see him again” That seems to soften the old man up, and for an instant he looks human. Or as human adjacent as Simon can be.

  “Now, regarding Sasha-” Elias attempts to direct things back to the main plan when Tim shakes his head and points to the window.

  “It's late and she has taken to staying in town helping people. She will be out like a light by now. Let's approach her tomorrow morning” He wants to demand otherwise, but everyone looks tired and… honestly after all the revelations everyone had, he suspects they need a bit of time to digest everything.

  He sure does.

  “Fine, fine!”
 
  Before going, Simon asks him very quietly if he loves Peter. It makes him freeze up and feel his face heat up.

  “I-” He wants to deny it at first, but then after all this happened, he is tired of hiding it. Tired of shame and denying himself, he wants to tell the truth. “Yes, even after everything that went wrong” Simon pats his back.

  “The man at the party was him, right? even with the mask it was obvious he cared about you. If you really can help him…”

  Swallowing down the answers.

  “I will try, and if he dies I will drag him back myself, he has a lot to answer for” That gets him a chuckle.

  “Oh no wonder he would like you, he does have a fancy for fiery bossy things” Elias gives him a sour look, which must be ruined by his face being red in embarrassment. 
 
  Rosie is the next to approach him.

  “Sir” He nods at her while she sighs.

  “I will try my best to keep everyone calm, and Mr Banks is doing remarkably well in keeping people in check, lady Georgina truly looks like she wants to steal him away” That makes him snort.

  “Of course she would… look Rosie, i mean it, i never intended for this to happen again ok? Once I solve everything with Peter… one way or another I will be here doing everything in my power to rule. I will never let anything else take that away from me. I promise” That has her stop moving and give him an angry look.

  “No” Elias is left perplexed.

  “No? What do you mean no? I know what I should be doing, and… this past year I have kept messing up more than ever. I intend to remedy that, go back to my usual way of leading and-” She shakes her head and holds his arm. The others were vacating the room, so it was them, Helen in the back and Stella speaking softly to Tadeas in the background.

  Elias considers that he should stop being so overly friendly, that this past year with Peter was fun, but it led to him acting out and getting hurt. Maybe if he pulls back a little bit then it would fix things. He can make it right again.

  And a small part of him, the one that is already preparing for the worst, for even more heartbreak knows that he will lock himself up working if things end up badly, that paperwork and stopping an impending war would be preferable to deal with grief. That chasing down Jonathan and Martin would be better than thinking of what he lost and all the what if’s regarding if things went differently.

  “Sir, this year has been a nightmare in some aspects, the amount of times you have been in danger was not good and did not make anyone happy. But going back to how everything was? That would be worse! We are all happy for you, we like how much more… approachable you became. Seeing you with Mr Fos- sorry Mr Lukas was like seeing a new person. Despite the fact that you are both quite honestly terrible, we can overlook that because you are also good for each other. We don't want to go back to how it was, we just want you to stop getting in dangerous situations”

  He grabs her wrist carefully and holds her hand.

  “I will try, but Rosie, if things don't work… i can't promise what i will do” Probably become a cold uncaring bastard again. Easier than dealing with feelings, easier than to think of Barnabas and Jonathan.

  Easier than to think about Peter’s death.

  Her face looked heartbroken.

  “Sir-” He smiles wanly at her.

  “Go and rest, keep the castle in one piece until i get back ok?” Biting her lip she nods, Rosie walks to the door and seems to wait. He looks at Tadeas then at her and gives her a wink, making her flip  him off very delicately.

  Its five more minutes before Tadeas goes. The two of them walk rather close and he prays things work out, mostly because he wants to help her pick wedding cakes.

  Before going back to Stella’s house, Titania appears with a goopy sleeping Pasha. She gives her sleeping form to him and tells him that she will look after her while they go out the next day.
 
  Helen drops them all off at Stella’s.

  “I will pick you up in the morning, rest up, it will be a long day” Elias sees her about to close her door, but he calls out to her.

  “Yes?” And he doesn't know what to say, not for a few seconds, that's when his brain kicks into motion.

  “I will try to make him remember” Helen looks at him with a blank expression. “I think he does know you, Micheal, that is, in the tunnels he seemed upset when I mentioned you.” Her smile is less sharp and more sad.

  “Darling, i dont think that will work but you are welcomed to try. Lets get our silly sailor back first instead, alright?” He relents and nods, she hesitates and boops his nose.

  “Thank you” With a crooked smile he replies.

  “You are welcome, we are team freaks remember? I… am sorry Helen” She sighs.

  “I know, Tim does too, he was more worried than he showed you today, just give him time”

  “I'll try my best”

  
  

  After putting Pasha to bed he goes to see Stella, she offers him a seat to eat and they stay there in silence. Her home has several paintings hanging around, there were a lot of brushes and paint hastily put across the room.

  Even if the place looked rather homely, it had a tint of emptiness. Of loneliness.

  “You stay on your own?” She pokes her pasta before replying.

  “The others wanted to live near the coffee shop, but i wanted to stay close to the beach” He was about to tease her about reminding him of a certain someone, but he realizes it would be a poor joke.

  “They stuck together, I suppose in a way Judith never quite forgave me for taking them and leaving Peter behind” Elias taps his finger on the table.

  “I know why you don't want to tell them, but… at this point don't you think it's only fair? Peter… kept his own secrets from me thinking he would be sparing my feelings but in the end where did that leave us?” 

  
    Elias hurting their friends and getting involved in a fight that almost kills him.
  

  
    Peter is imprisoned and possibly dying faster back in his homeland.
  

  “Think they would hate me more if i told them now after all these years, blame me even worse for what happened to Peter… You know, Peter wasn't the only one who wanted to go to Aella, I always dreamed of… open skies and never ending oceans. I would hide away and listen to Simon or Missy talk to him about it. I wanted us to go to Aella, but… it felt like a betrayal. So instead we came here, easier to hide in plain sight and close to the water”

  Elias doesn't reply, he doesn't know what to say to that. 

  “I'm happy he got to see it at last, I know he wished to sail there and I'm glad it was with you and Pasha. Despite everything? I do love him, and I wanted him to be safe. All I ever wanted was for them to be ok” That at least he understands.

  “I know, it's hard when you care, isn't it? Ruling without worrying about anyone, just going through the motions is easy. Having people you care about? Much more harder, you never know if you want to do what's best for them or for everyone else. Selfishness or not”

  At that Stella frowns.

  “I dont think its wrong, or maybe… maybe it is, but i don't care, not anymore. You know I always thought that Judith would be a kind queen. But that mother chose me because… I reminded her of herself. The idea of that? Being like this figure that haunted us during all of our childhood gave me nightmares. I never wanted to become her, cold and uncaring, but i struggled all the time to show what i feel it makes me look bad”

  Elias listens and sighs.

  “You know, you are right I don't understand quite well how you were raised, but you and Peter are definitely siblings. He yelled at Pasha and tried to ground her. Apparently the same way your mother did, he ended up panicking for days and staying in that fog because he was terrified of turning into your mother. No one wants to be the worst aspect of their parents, I don't want to be my father either. But… I suppose it's a matter of trying and making an effort to avoid that” Stella snorts and then smiles, a very small smile.

  “Thank you. Sorry for dropping all of that, I just…” And at that Elias shakes his head.

  “No one to talk to that would understand? Well, from a king to a queen-”

  “Princess, i never got to be crowned” He rolls his eyes.

  “I think titles mean little now, but be my guest. But back on topic, from one royal to another? I get it, i do. And what don't I don't? If you want to tell me i suppose i can make time in my schedule for tea and gossip once this whole thing blows off” That stuns her for a moment and then-

  He sees something quite unusual. Stella laughs, its kind of quiet and tinkering. As if she didn't know quite how to do it.

  “With your record about things blowing up i would be careful” She is laughing about a pun. Elias, even after everything that happened, even through his worry and fear and the impending trip they have, cracks up a smile and joins her.

  Stella looks silly and honestly? Beautiful. He offers more puns that make her lose it and in between giggles she says-

  “I haven't laughed this hard since Mikaele dragged me on my birthday to his ship to show me his loot, he kept making jokes and cat puns about an artifact that caused people to turn into kittens for 24 hours” He could see the dreamy expression.

  “I miss him, but i was afraid of looking for him at the port, wasn't sure if he would try to get me back for my mother’s money” Oh…

  “He didn't snitch on Peter, at least that I know of. I doubt he would do that to you” She lets out a breath.

  “I would like to think so” They stay quiet after that and eventually they go to sleep in their separate rooms. Elias was in the guest one with Pasha.

  “Night Elias”

  “Goodnight Stella”

  Pasha snores and the moment she feels him lay down wraps herself around his arm.

  It's going to be a very complicated 24 hours.

  
  
  
  

  His dreams are foggy and at some point he is sure that he sees Peter moving around, but when he tries to catch him he is gone.

  When he wakes up he feels like he lost something.

  
  

  Helen picks him up and drops him in the forest near the castle, from there she opens another door where Tim and Sasha come out, the woman looked frazzled and quite honestly tired. The door closes behind them and despite his insistence on Helen staying to help with the Micheal issue she disappears.

  Well, that complicates things.

  “What the-! Elias? I mean, Tim said you were fine but- why are you not in the castle why are there rumours of you being dead-” Wincing he lifts his hands in surrender a bit.

  “The news of my death has been greatly exaggerated, I assure you. But I need a bit of time before going back to deal with this. Listen, have you seen Jon, Gerry or Martin?” At that she looks defeated.

  “They all disappeared around the time you did. I tried to find them to no avail, but nothing. Tim wouldn't tell me what is going on!” With a deep breath he asks her to listen and question him after he is done.

  Elias talks and gives her the short version of events that transpired along with some context for what she didn't know.

  “Wait, so that means- Jonny…? My Jonny?! Is a prince??? He can't be! Have you seen him, he lacks any qualification-” Elias would laugh if the situation wasn’t dire.

  “And Martin, you are telling me Martin conspired and kidnapped Peter with Micheal, is that it? He is the sweetest person ever, that can't be right” He has no time to deal with this.

  “Why did he have the wanted poster, why did Micheal tell me that's what happened? Why… why does his looks match to the symptoms of someone sick due to the curse in Mooreland”

  “Look, we don't have time ok? Rosie is in charge of finding them already, if she does you can give them the yelling of their lives. All I need is for you to convince Micheal to take us to Mooreland, ok? We get Peter, we come back and I go to deal with all of this mess!”

  Timothy nudges Sasha.

  “I know it's hard Sash but Peter’s life is on the line and he is my friend. I know you are upset but I need you to focus and help me. Please. We will find the others and get answers but I need you” She looks conflicted between them, but ends up nodding slowly.

  “Of course, of course! I will help you and if I find the others I will kick their butts into shape I swear. But just a warning, Micheal likes me, but it doesn't mean he will help if he doesn't want to”

  Unsurprising, but hopefully they can strike some sort of deal.
 
  Unlike with Helen where they need to draw a door or call out for her, what Sasha does to lure in Micheal is knock.

  Three times in a row before saying-

  “I open the door” From one of the trees a yellow door starts to materialize. 

  “Hello…. Sasha and friends, heheheh” Micheal smiles at them and steps outside, looking… perfectly normal.

  “Micheal, is it true you helped Martin kidnap Peter?” The creature hums and nods slowly.

  “Maybe, maybe not. Maybe I just offered a door and Martin took it” Sasha’s face falls.

  “Why? He is Tim’s friend, Elias-” She cuts herself, probably unsure what to call their relationship.

  “Let's go with friends for now ok? Look Micheal, I remember what you told me in the tunnels. I need to go to Mooreland, but Helen can't go through it due to the magic there. What about you? How did you do it?” He sees him twitch at the other’s name. Elias is sure that he remembers her, at least to some degree.

  “Why should I say anything?” Sasha is the one who replies.

  “Because that's what friends do! Because they help each other, you told me you wanted to be my friend and now you are hurting my other friends?” The creature that calls itself Micheal frowned at her.

  “I am your friend, Martin wanted to use the money before he died to give it to all of you. He had nothing left to lose, so i helped… and also because i love to see some chaos”  Before the conversation gets derailed-

  “Where is Martin?” Elias has to know. Micheal's smile is frozen.

  “Nowhere you can help him anymore” Sasha covers her mouth and Tim curses.

  “Did… the curse?” It shrugs.

  “The woman wouldn't let him leave, even after he delivered Peter to her… I don't think he has much time left either. He was already losing shape last i saw him” So the queen lied to him?

  “Will you help?” Sasha's question causes Micheal to shake his head. 

  “Nope! I want to see what you can all come up with. I'm sure it will be hilarious, or tragic either way” Elias bites his tongue, this is a fight he won't win if he doesn't tread carefully.

  “A bargain for your help?” Micheal snorts and waves his hand away at him.

  “None of you have anything i could want” 

  Sasha tries to reason with him, but it clearly seems to hold no power. “I won't be your friend anymore Micheal, I swear, just help them go, it doesn't cost you anything!”

  The creature laughs.

  “It would! My entertainment of course, you humans are so silly. And Sasha dear, we are best friends-! After all, without me you would still be walking around aimlessly in the forest. You would have been lost becoming a shade of your former self… or maybe even food for a creature there. You owe me, I gave you a door and all I asked for was companionship which you agreed to, 
  
    you cannot take it away now” 
  
  His voice drops and it makes everyone hold their heads in pain.

  Elias has to think of something, anything! To get him to help them-

  …Huh

  “Why help her? Why did you want a friend!” It laughs. But Elias is not joking, why would this creature seek companionship in an amnesiac woman, how much entertainment could he get? It would have been funnier to see Sasha stumble around in the forest rather than freeing her. So why did Micheal do that? Going against his own nature of chaos?

  “Why not? I was bored and she was there. All alone and lost without a memory in sight” It still doesn't explain anything! Helen befriended Peter because he reminded her partially of herself.

  Wait. If this is about that… then he must have felt something at seeing her like that!

  “Is that what happened to you?” Micheal's face splits horrifically for a moment.

  “No” He pressed a bit more.

  “Is that what happened in the forest when Gertrude took you there? The creatures stripped you of your memories? Left you stumbling around? Turned you into them?” It has to be personal, why take interest then if not for a personal point of view!

  “No, nono 
  
    NO!” 
  
  Micheal tries to take a swing at Elias, Tim uses his staff and hits the taller creature in the chest to make him step back while Elias moves out of the way.

  “What was the last thing that they took? What motivated you? Why did you relato to Sasha… or maybe it wasn't just you feeling a kingship with her for being lost” Micheal shape loses meaning and it starts to stretch out, his skin become iridescent with swirling patterns that made him sick to the stomach.

  Because truly? What was the last thing in human Micheal’s memory before everything went wrong?

  “Elias- stop that-” Tim and Sasha were trying to hold Micheal back.

  
    Why did he say that the people we love hurt us even if we try to help? 
  

  His patron little tidbit makes something click in his head. Helen said the last thing she did with Micheal before he left was fight with him.

  “Did you- did you think she was Helen?” Micheal goes stiff and then he loses any remaining shape he had in an explosion of color.

  
    “SHUT UP” 
  
  The creature punches him in the chest making him fall down winded. He coughs trying to get air back into his lungs while it lets out a bunch of high pitched noises.

  “Michael calm down!” Sasha is trying her best, but clearly it's no use.

  “She was a kid when you left- cough- she would be a few years older than Sasha by now. You can't remember how she looks, all they left you with were memories of cruel words spoken in anger. Because she was mad at you for leaving, she missed her- dad”

  Micheal screams at him in fury and tries to stab him.

  “She went into the forest too, waited as well and she got turned too. And now Helen cannot see you because she thinks you don't love her anymore, because you might have replaced her!!” Micheal sword-like hand stabs next to his head in the ground.

  He starts to make guttural sounds. It takes a moment for Elias to realize its weeping.

  
    “I don't know, I don't know, I don't know anymore. Ms Robsinson said I was going to save- that I would keep everyone safe- that SHE would be OK, WHERE AM I? where is she, she hates me, she hates me, what does she look like-I’m A bAd PaReNt”
  

  
    “ShE wAs sUppOsEd To sTaY HoMe”
  

  Elias can't move, afraid that Micheal will change his mind and pierce him with his hands.

  “Michael- hey... “ Sasha gets closer to the swirling creature. “I'm sorry, ok? Sorry about what happened to you, what you lost. But you can still make it better, Helen is here. You can still meet up and even if your memories are… scrambled we will help you. That's what friends are for, ok? Family” It makes pained noises and eventually it shrinks to a manageable size. 

  “I can't remember, I just knew… i had to find a girl, and that she hated me” In between the noises and fight they missed a new door appearing and the creak of it opening.

  “I don't hate you… i never did, I was mad because I thought that you cared more about your stupid job than me, but when you didnt come back… all i wanted was to take it back” Helen at last. She was standing near Tim looking for a lack of better word, drained. 

  Her body was as if someone sapped all color out of her.

  “Hel-bug?” She snorts and then laughs until she cries and throws herself into the amorphous shape. She sheds her own human shape into something just as incomprehensible. He thinks they might be hugging, and also crying, there was rainbow tears around somewhere.

  He and the other two humans just look on and once Tim and Sasha help him up they give them some space and time.

  
  
  

  By lunch Helen was standing next to Micheal, both looking very human-like. Neither looked alike at all, which is expected seeing as the woman was adopted. 

  They still looked happy.

  “I will help you travel there. The queen did not revoke my entrance yet, plus… with Hel-Bug we can leave a door for your escape open. It means we cannot move outside with you, because we have to keep it stable, but it will be there. Not in the castle grounds, I cannot reach that close to the heart of the matter. The magic there is… more corrosive. But in the outskirts of town instead”

  That is better than nothing he supposes, plus with Tadeas and Stella there they can guide him to the castle.

  “Ok, thank you, both of you” Micheal shrugs, albeit his smile widens.

  “I still want to stab you” Coughing a bit Elias laughs nervously.

  “But you won't?” The taller man grins. “Right? Helen??” She rolls her eyes and pats Micheal's arm.

  “Now, now, he is my poor little friend dad, don't stab him! Who would I tease endlessly? Plus if we save Peter he won't invite us to the wedding otherwise! And i really want to throw rice at people’s faces”

  “Thats not how it-” Elias gets cut off by Tim who laughs and shakes his head at him.

  “I would love to see that Helen! But we need to pick up our team and prepare to go. See you in a bit?” Tim looked happy at the prospect of seeing Helen throwing food at peoples faces which concerns him a great deal.

  Helen giggles and waves at them. Micheal makes stabbing motions at Elias. 

  He walks faster.

  
  

  Getting everyone set is easy, he explains they will be dropped in town, not the castle. He was ready to go, but Tadeas and Stella told him to wait while they pick up something to wear. Puzzled they seemingly go to get some… cloaks?

  “You will draw attention otherwise, too much color” Stella is the one who clarifies for him.

  That is fair enough.

  Elias decides to leave Pasha with Titania, despite the child’s cries and demands to go along too.

  “Its dangerous ok? You were already almost hurt and I won't let that happen again. We will get Peter back ok?” And if they dont he doesn't want her to see someone else she loves die in front of her. She protests and fights him all the way through, but Titania holds her and calms her down while Simon promises to look after her.

  “Thank you. The guests-...?” Simon has a grimace at his question.

  “Getting restless without proper answers” Goddammit.

  “I will try to do this as fast as possible” 

  They would be doing this at the room where he kept Pasha’s table. No one goes there without permission so it should be safe to leave Helen and Micheal’s door there.

  Tim tags along as well. Mostly to help Stella create a distraction to sneak into her mother’s room so he and Tadeas can look for Peter freely around the castle.

  Once everyone is set, they say goodbyes and start to go. Well, not before Rosie gives Tadeas a good luck kiss on the cheek. The man’s face is priceless and he ends up walking very fast into the open door. Elias can see a blush on his way out. So he can get flustered huh? 

  Rosie has a shit eating grin on her face. Bless her.

  “Good luck sir” He thanks her and then off they go.

  Micheal and Helen guide them through corridor after corridor. He would expect something messy and colorful, but Micheal’s hallways are… bland. They look as if they were in a castle with infinite hallways. All unremarkable, maybe that's the point, if they all look the same, you can never know where you are, fairies would be delighted by the confusion and chaos of people losing it over where they are.

  It must not be longer than an hour, but finally they approach a door. A yellow one with purple dots decorating it. Both fae creatures looked delighted by it.

  “Here we are! Took some time, but we delivered in the end huh?” Why did he…

  “Helen... How long has it been outside?” Her grin was  sheepish.

  “Oh don't look at her like that, it's the rule of fun, we agree to help you, but some chaos was needed. It's why I could get Martin here faster instead. Peter disappearing was more chaotic if it was done fast” Micheal was beaming. “Hel-bug protested so its still less time than i would have wanted”

  Everyone was giving them horrified looks.

  “Michael how long?! Peter's life's on the line???” He waves his comment, pissing Elias off.

  “Just two days, he has been technically missing for six days now. This is the fastest we could have gotten here. Unless you of course were willing to travel the normal way? Because that takes an entire week by carriage, I'm sure that by then he would be dead on his feet” He wants to scream at him but Helen gives him a warning look.

  Micheal doesn't have that many memories of being human left, he probably never will get those back even with Helen there. So this is him trying to be kind.

  In his own way.

  “Fine! Fine… thank you Micheal” The rest of the humans all say their own variation of it. 

  “Now, now, see, that wasn't so bad! Well, we will leave the door open, I solemnly swear and give my word that I will turn all of you back to the castle in one human hour of regular time! This was payment enough as it is. So be quick and be swift! We will return you whenever you are ready!”

  With that they open the door and Elias steps outside followed by the others.

  …

  He doesn't see anything, not because he went blind, but because the fog was so thick he could barely see in front of his own face.

  “Um…” Tadeas sighs. Elias tries to step forward but the man grabs his shirt and pulls him back.

  “What the-” 

  “The river” The what? It's a few minutes before his eyes or whatever magic there is seems to clear up, enough for him to actually see where he is. In front of them there was a channel, and further away a series of islands with buildings interconnected by bridges. A few boats were moving silently. The entire place was quiet to an abnormal degree.

  Behind them he could see an old mill and… willow tree, the door was on the side of the mill, a stark contrast against the pale wood used to its construction. Still looking a bit to the tree he gets goosebumps,

  There was something very off putting about it.

  “We should get going” Stella pushes him to the side, giving the place her own discomforted look. Seems like he wasn't the only one who felt something bad happened there. Tadeas gave it wary looks and Tim had a defensive look. 

  Elias puts on the offered cloak and they make an entrance to the city. Albeit before they move too far away he turns slightly back and sees something hanging from a few of the branches of the tree.

  There were several noose hanging from the branches. He turns to look forward swallowing hard. 

  Focus.

  Soon they will get Peter back. Soon they will get answers and save him.

  Soon.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  The walk in town is… something to say the least. No one bothers them, not at all, but seeing the place and the people was the jarring contrast compared to Opperior bustling streets. Mooreland was quiet, unnaturally so, when the citizens moved across you could barely hear them.


  Their footsteps were muffled, and their voices were whispers. Elias could see others who like Martin seemed to be see through, he could also see more people with the beginning of the same tattoos as Peter.


  It strikes him when he sees a kid, who couldn't be more than ten with the fog like art inked on his left arm up to his elbow. They were all slowly dying, it was worse than a disease because at least you could fight that with the right means.


  But this? A magical illness caused by a curse won't stop until it's broken.


  And it clearly seems to be getting progressively worse.


  Tim has the same uneasy look as him, Stella and Tadeas don't seem as affected and that is perhaps worse. Because that means they got used to the sight, that this was the thing they had to deal with on a daily basis. 


  Sick people, dying people.


  This was their reality.


  It gives him context on why Peter acted sometimes weirdly when in town, why he got overwhelmed so easily and relied on his powers. How sometimes he could see something akin to wonder when they were walking around the town.


  Opperior and Mooreland couldn't be more different. They move silently across the islands, there aren't that many people to avoid, in fact most of the citizens stay out of their way. The weather was cold and he was grateful for the cloak that was given to him. Tadeas was right on his assessment about the place, it was quiet and very atmospheric albeit knowing why made him a bit wary.


  It takes him a moment to realize what are the shapes moving in the water, boats he realizes, moving as quietly as humanly possible. As he watched them while their little team crossed a a bridge he felt something fall on him, with surprise he picked it up from his shoulder and saw it was a flower. It was light blue and it was glowing faintly. 


  On the other island he could see all the trees with glowing flowers illuminating the way through the fog. Tim likewise was looking around in wonder. Despite the sad mood of the town, the place did look beautiful. And the trees made it more apparent that, they were everywhere. In the houses and shops there were climbing plants, all with their own flowers glowing and giving some color to the seemingly gray place.


  All the color in town came from the plants.


  It was very beautiful.


  The trees were also doing the same thing, and the flowers or petals that fell on the ground were akin to a pathway. In fact it seems that was the idea, same with the river’s in between islands. The flora created a way to see through the fog and guide yourself.


  He could see the flowers slowly moving across the water along with the ships, making pink and blue river.


  On the streets there were lavender, blue and pink flowers. From further away he could also see green ones and yellow ones.


  He has to wonder how they may look at night and without the fog, he imagines that it would be quite impressive. In a way they remind him of the glowing plants in Simon’s place. 


  ...Could he have given the kingdom some of the flowers at some point during the past to achieve this? It would make sense.


  “Pretty huh?” Tim's voice is a whisper but it still feels loud in composition to the rest of the place. Nodding he kept looking around trying to see as much as he could from the place. Unfortunately the fog covered most of the sighs, Stella walked slower to stay next to them.


  “What do you think?” He could say many things, that it was pretty, that it was horrible and sad, that this place was slowly dying.


  “I think we really need to find that diary and Peter” She sighs and nods. Tim for his part asks what he was wondering.


  “What is up with the flowers?” The woman frowns a bit and then shrugs.


  “The trees' flowers naturally started to glow after decades in this weather. I imagine it was the mix between the magic and the need of some kind of light. The climbing plants were my mothers invention, she loves flowers, albeit the poisonous kind. However, she is a master at taking care of them and creating new different kinds. She used the trees as a basis and then implemented what she got to the climbing plants. That way the town was more visible along with the roads. She is, I will admit, smarter than my dad used to be when it came to making decisions” She seemed reluctantly proud of that.


  “The queen is despite… many faults, scarily good at being competent and taking charge. Better than most bloodborne Lukas” Tadeas was just resigned. 


  “Well maybe, but she also seems to know how to stop this and refused to do it for who knows how long. So whatever smarts she has doesn't really make up for this” Tim i correct on his assessment of course, both man and woman nod at that.


  Their walk is peaceful at the very least, no one approaches or questions them so its easy to reach the forest that would lead them to the castle grounds. The view becomes harsher and harsher, Elias is practically blind. Tim grabs his arm so as to not lose him, while Stella holds his hand and guides them with Tadeas upfront.


  “How- how can you see anything like this? I can barely make out Tim’s shape and he is next to me?” 


  “You grow used to this, and also… I do have a bit of magic of my own. Peter and i were the only ones that had innate magic” Thats interesting.


  “I just know the place like the back of my hand to be honest, plus yes, I did grow used to it” Tadeas is more direct in his approach. “Just wait and eventually your eyes will adjust, it's kind of like being in the dark. Takes time”


  “Peter  said that his magic was a product of the fog? Or well, the whole being turned into a half fairy could be that too-” Stella stops and he bumps into her with Tim.


  “What-”


  “What do you mean half fairy?” Oh, wait he didn't mention that? Elias wracks his brain, but realizes that he never mentioned what Peter told him about being given fairy food by his nanny.


  “Um… well you see its a bit of a story-”


  “Stella, Missy tried to feed him in hopes that would slow down the curse or save him. Was it wrong to not tell him what she was doing? Yes, but she at that point was desperate and he was getting worse” Elias asks him of course.


  “Did you know what she was doing at the time?” It takes a moment, Tadeas probably forgot that he couldn't see him nod or shake his head.


  “No, i talked with her after he was gone, she was… heartbroken, that made this worse. Her feelings were amplifying the fog. Last I saw her she looked rough, much more stress on her shoulders and she could just burst in a fit causing her to reincarnate. I certainly hope she is fine, at the very least she should be able to keep the queen away from Peter the most” Stella takes a deep breath and starts moving again, guiding them.


  “What is your issue with Missy? Peter mentioned once that you and your siblings did not like her” Tim was glued to his side now.


  “She is the one who cursed this land, mother told me as much. And…. as a child, I was petty. We all were, its not that we hated her, we knew that she was different, we could see there was something off with her. But the thing is when you live your whole childhood with no one to show you love, you become angry at seeing someone get it over you. We love Peter, we all do, but he got the care and love that we couldn't. Missy was kind and we were all jealous of him. We were all kids and it was unfair. As we grew, i became wary of her, because Peter would prefer her company over ours and i was worried about him” 


  “...I suppose that being mean to the one person he bonded with did not make him look on any of you kindly” Elias has a bit of a better picture now.


  Peter and his siblings were raised in terrible conditions, which made them unable to talk to each other properly.


  Peter thought they hated him while his siblings thought he disliked them as well. It was just a series of misunderstandings that Elias was sure their mother fostered to keep them apart.


  Stella squeezes his hand.


  “No, it didn't. We were all at fault”


  The rest of the way to the castle was in silence. And surprisingly as Tadeas promised his eyes did adjust a bit better to the fog, enough that he could make out his silhouette in front of them and see Tim and Stella next to him. The forest had pixies all flying around plus a lot more creatures all over the place. Different colors and species than the ones at Opperior.


  
    “Lydia?”
  


  
    “Queenie!”
  


  
    “She is back?”
  


  Pixies, all in shades of blue and purple. Their skins were also a bit translucent and he could see they were a bit filled with fog. Sort of like a balloon. The creatures fly around them and giggle while touching Stella’s hair. Some get really flustered when Tim calls them pretty.


  They were very shy around him and Tim, but a bit more open to Stella and Tadeas. Quite the difference with the ones in the forest back home who were cheeky and tended to get touchy, very easily.


  “Hey… Hi” Stella lifts up her palm and a pixie lands on it.


  
    “We missed you! Peter said you weren't coming back”
  
   More pixies join them.


  
    “Yes the little king said you were gone, gone, gone like the wind! So were the others… he was saaad” 
  
  A flying green pixie spoke very softly.


  
    “But he gave us lots of sweets! And then he was gone too… and we were sad! And so was our queen!” 
  
  Murmurs of agreement from all around them.


  
    “But he is back! At least that's what we heard. Missy wouldn't tell us much. And your mother did something so we can't sneak in to visit”
  
   Another pixie, a purple one clings to Stella’s hair.


  
    “There is something off! Magic, we cannot get near the castle anymore, fix it, fix it for us please? We want to see Peter again, we miss him” 
  
  All around them he could see glowing creatures in the fog, they all talked in a chorus of agreement.


  
    “We miss him”
  


  
    “He didn't visit!”
  


  
    “We helped him leave too!”
  


  It becomes almost impossible to understand all of them.


  “Hey, hey! We get it ok? We will get Peter we promise”


  
    “Go and get Peter, we want to see him again”
  


  
    “Want to eat sweet apples with him!”
  


  “We… we will try, we will get him out and save him” The pixies cheer gently. Suddenly they turn towards him and Tim and their eyes start to shine.


  
    “May we have your-” 
  
  Stella interrupts them before they start trying to steal their names.


  “No, no, they are friends of Peter. They… love him” Suddenly the forest becomes quiet, no cheers, no chirpings or talks.


  Elias feels goosebumps, he feels as if he was being watched. Which yes, the pixies and creatures all around them were staring at him and Tim in wonder. But for a moment he felt cold, as if something cold was draping over him.


  “Love love?” Tadeas makes a motion to keep going for their group, so he shakes that feeling away and forces his legs to move.


  “Of course we do! He is our friend. Albeit Elias here…”


  “Yes, yes Tim. Love… I love him” Elias' answer is a whisper but it's very loud in the quiet forest. His heart beats faster. He is hurt still, but he can't pretend he doesn't feel that way. That his feelings disappeared. The creatures around them start to buzz in excitement. 


  Even so, despite the joyous voices, he kept feeling like something was off, he felt cold. And more importantly like he was being watched, but glancing behind him does not bear any fruits, he cannot see anything.


  Which considering the fog that was now rolling out in waves, means that even if there was something there he could not see it for the life of himself.


  
    “...Maybe we get to go visit our cousins soon”
  


  
    “Do you think?”
  


  
    “Love, love, someone loves him!”
  


  
    “Ohhh, we hope you are lucky, we hope you save him!” 
  


  
    “We hope the barrier opens and that the land prospers”
  


  As they say all of that, they start to fly away leaving them alone. Or alone as they can be.


  “What… Do you think that meant?” Tim is the one who sighs.


  “They sounded like the ones at home, they kept telling Peter that he could break the curse easily, i think… they believe you can help him” Elias nods slowly while contemplating that.


  “But can i? What am I supposed to do?” Everyone stays quiet for a few minutes, again it's Tim who speaks albeit hesitantly.


  “Its linked to love, that's the one thing I know for sure. That's what the pixies at home implied, what these ones seem to think too. We thought a true love kiss was the answer, but I suppose there must be something else?” Elias has no idea what else he can do. Peter kissed him, it was true love of that there is no doubt, otherwise the potion Maxwell gave him would have worked. Instead its effect was nullified. On the other hand Elias confessed his feelings so... 


  
    What was the missing part?
  


  Clearly they cared about each other, so why was it that nothing seemed to work?


  “Well, if its love, no wonder no one managed to break it apart sooner. Not a king or queen married due to love in all this time. None of them hardly felt like they wanted to” Lydia’s comment leaves everyone quiet. “...Or like they could”


  She whispers the last bit and hugs herself a bit. Her face seemed sad, even more than usual. He wondered what happened there.


  Still the question kept eating up at him, what was it that was missing? 


  They reach the courtyard and start to slowly make their way to the castle. According to Tadeas there was an entrance for the servants that they could use to sneak in, at this hour no one should be there. 


  “Once inside we split up, Elias and I pick up Peter while Tim and Lyd- Stella I mean, get the diary. Once Peter is outside the castle he can stay with Elias in the forest and I will go help you out if there is any trouble” They were so very close to the entrance when he felt something pull at him around his middle. 


  Elias has just a few seconds to panic before he is pulled back into the fog with surprising strength. The others quickly realize he is being taken away and try to see what grabbed him. On his own end, he starts to struggle as much as he can to release himself from whatever had him prisoner. However when he tries to see what it is…


  He realizes its the fog itself picking him up.


  A giant hand made out of pure mist was holding him like a ragdoll, lifting him up into the air, they were so high up that he could see the top of the trees of the forest. He kicked in the air and tried to grab onto the thing holding him, but his hands went through. Somehow it was able to lift him effortlessly, but Elias couldn't release himself.


  Was this some sort of creature hired by the queen to look after the place? A monster? More hands, as if the thing had several limbs surrounding him, enough so that he was afraid it was planning on crushing him, but instead they merely poked him.


  
    “You are Elias...” 
  
  The voice was a murmur and it seemed to come from all around him, it also spoke with wonder as if it couldn't believe it was him. He looked around in panic, but realized that the sound came from all around him, as if the fog itself was speaking to him. Suddenly he sees two giant blue shining eyes appear in front of him, Whatever it was holding him was massive. Their pupil was a slit and they stared at him down. 


  The hand picking him up squeezed making him wheeze.


  
    “You came, even after all those horrible things he said… you came back for him” 
  
  He tries to say something but is shaken a bit making him lose his train of thought.


  
    “I'm so sorry, for everything. I never meant for this to happen. All I wanted was for him to not be alone in the end. To make him known he was loved! I didn't know she would keep me out, that she would trap him inside and poison his mind even more” 
  
  Her hands move him around shaking him.


  “W-wai-T!” The shaking stops and he is left suspended. “Who-”


  
    “Oh, I am so sorry child, I forgot myself again. These days I have been so… maybe it would be for the best that I start over. Forgetting would be better, but then I don't want to lose my son. Peter told me about you, he spoke so fondly about his life in Opperior with you… i could almost picture it”
  
   Her voice cracks at the end, as if she was on the verge of tears.


  
    “So much, he deserves better than being trapped here, than to die here! I should have never agreed to help that woman”
  


  It finally dawns on him who this is.


  “You- you are Missy” Titania’s friend, Peter’s nanny or mother figure at best. The fae queen of the fog.


  
    “That's one way to call me, yes. Hello”
  
   Elias looks into her eyes.


  “We came to get him back, to save him” He hears a broken up sound.


  
    “Oh, I want nothing more than for him to live-! You have no idea, but she did something to him. I can't go inside but he talked to me from his window and I listened. He got worse all of a sudden two days ago, he doesn't have long, hours a day or two at best” 
  


  “No… No! We have to- i can… can i save him? What should I do?!” He can't bear with that, with the idea that Peter dies like this, not without hearing him out and yelling at him for lying to him, not before having him explain himself. What does Elias tell Pasha and the others if he comes back with nothing? 


  
    “I can't tell you, the curse I can't repeat, I want to, I swear, but I bound myself with it by accident. You can help him, just by being here you can save him, he… Peter wouldn't be able to do it on his own, not alone, not with just myself for company. I hurt him, even if I thought I was helping. But you, you have a shot! Just… talk to him please, make him see reason” Her voice starts to drift off.
  


  
    “He can be happy with you, I will… leave him be. Everyone in fact, I should-” 
  
  Missy cuts herself off and slowly starts to lower him down. She starts speaking again albeit its more hurried.


  
    “He is in his room, top tower, but it's locked. From the outside, I have only seen the guards open it to take him outside or bring him food. His mother did something to make him worse, I know it!. He was fine, but he went to have dinner with her and then… My poor child! he is vanishing so quickly i don't think he will last much longer”
  


  That is bad, that is very bad, Stella was right the queen was trying to kill him. 


  
    “She also… put some sort of seal around the castle grounds, so i can't go inside. If you find it, break it. I will be able to enter again. Just… don't tell Lydia about it, please” 
  
  Finally his feet hit the ground again and the fog recedes.


  “Why not?” The eyes disappear, but the mist swirls around until it shapes up like a person, then it solidifies and with a pop he can see a woman.


  Missy's looks were very well adapted to the statue in Aella. Albeit they can't do justice to the real one. She was a bit taller than him in this form, her hair was black, but she had a few strands of grey hair. It was tied in a bun with part of it set loose on her back.


  Her ears were pointy, he assumed she had no reason to hide her true nature, not at this point, same with her eyes, the blue was almost electric with how much it shone. She was pale and dressed up in a light blue dress with puffy sleeves and blue details.


  In her neck there was a necklace with three small blue gems hanging from it. 


  She looked beautiful, yet… very sad and tired. 


  “I don't think it will go well if you do, she will try to stop you. She doesn't trust me. But it doesn't matter, not now. Please help him, I will never bother him or his family again, I swear. Just… save my little starfish, you can do it. You both can do it you have everything you need already”


  “Hold on please! Why did you curse the family, why did you do this to them and the kingdom!?” That has her stiffening and sighing.


  “I never meant for this to happen, please believe that. I just wanted Mordechai… he was hurting someone I cared about, that I promised to help. And that foolish man was so stubborn and pigheaded that he refused to do the one simple thing he needed to end this in his own lifespan, to save his own life even. I thought I knew why he did that, I assumed he was cruel and cold, but… I think I was wrong about him. His reasoning was stupid but, but he didnt meant for things to end like they did either. Peter made me finally realize that”


  
    “Elias-!”
  
   He hears the others call out for him, Missy steps back a little bit and brushes her skirt a bit in a nervous way.


  “Mordechai was afraid, just like Peter. I couldn't see that, how could i? Fae don't work the same way as humans, we don't twist ourselves into knots for foolish reasons, we take what we want without shame. Listen, just do what you here to do ok? And… Tell Lydia that I'm sorry as well. Goodbye and Good luck child”


  “Wait-” She shakes her head and gives one more step back into the fog before disappearing.


  “Elias? Hey!” He stares into the fog for a moment before turning around and having Tim practically crash into him.


  “Are you ok?!” He nods.


  “What happened?” Stella approaches with Tadeas who has a more exasperated face.


  “I met Missy”


  
  


  He tells them more or less what happened, albeit… he doesn't mention the seal per her request. He knows he should but… he can't help but feel bad for her, he believes that she never meant for this to happen. Her face said it all and she clearly wanted Peter to live, something that he can relate to. 


  The woman loved him and was as far as he understood one of the few good things in the other man’s life. Perhaps the only thing making sure he did not become what his mother wanted, some cold uncaring person. Elias thinks of all the stories that Peter told him about his life and childhood. 


  Simon was not around enough to brush off the influence of her mother and the isolation, his siblings were all messes who couldn't properly communicate either. But Missy was there, keeping him company when he needed it, picking up rocks on the beach and cooking, teaching him about magical creatures and even trying in her own way to ensure he lived by feeding him fairy food.


  It was wrong, but she believed she could delay the inevitable.


  Elias will not delay anything, Elias will 
  
    fix this
  
  . Maybe if Peter had said something earlier he could have worked out something with more time.


  And god doesn't that hurt? Doesn't that sting! He was dying, he knew he was and yet he lied about it. It still makes him feel like he swallowed acid. It burns a hole on his stomach, Peter and Pasha both choose to lie about their health to him.


  Would rather die alone than let him help them. He doesn't know if that says something about them or himself. Did they think so little of him? That he wouldn't help… or as Tim said, that Peter believed he would try too hard, to the point that he would be consumed by it?


  … Would have Elias spent more time looking for a solution than with Peter? Would have he treated it like a puzzle to solve? 


  No, no he wouldn't, but he knows that he would obsess about it, of course he would, Elias is stubborn and he would not let something like a curse take away from him his friend, the man he loved. He would fight to find an answer.


  Even as Peter started to wilt and disappear in front of him...


  “So we need a key from the guards then? Tadeas?” The others kept talking and they finally were inside. 


  “I know where the guard's common room is, so I can check there. You two should go for the diary” Stella and Tim nod, at least inside it there was no fog and they could all see each other clearly.


  “We will meet you outside” Tim gives Elias a piece of paper with a sigil and whispers the last bit to him. 


  “If there is any trouble I will use this to let you know. If it heats up it means we were caught. Now, go, your majesty, get Peter back so we can save his dumb ass” Elias, knowing there is very little time and things he can say, thanks him and wishes them luck. 


  Tadeas guides him across the castle, making sure to avoid any guards or staff. Elias notices how devoid of… life it seemed. How colorless. 


  Everything was silver, white and grey. Sometimes there was blue, it gave him a cold feeling, an unwelcome one. The architecture was beautiful, sure, but the place lacked… livelihood.


  Not only that, but in Opperior and even Aella, you could always hear people mulling around, in here the only sound came from their breaths. it felt unnerving, as if they were the only two people there. Which he knew logistically couldn't be possible. Tadeas, despite his usual calmness, seemed a bit on edge.


  “Is something wrong?” Even the whispered words felt like an invasion in the quiet. Elias had to grimace at his own voice, the place made him feel small, as if just by talking he was ruining the peace.


  “Its odd, it's just… we should have seen someone by now, even a guard keeping his position, but no one is in their spots. People tend to stay out of the way, but never like this. Something's not quite right” Elias has a bad feeling about it, but for now there is nothing to be done. They keep their path, taking some detours, Tadeas explaining that even if they don't see anyone they should use a few shortcuts just in case.


  “Better to not take the usual route” Elias looks around, hoping to see perhaps the rune or seal that keeps Missy at bay. But he realizes that he doesn't know the place well enough to locate it. Its why he mulls it over a bit more and tells Tadeas about it. 


  The man seems surprised and asks why he didn't mention it before with the others. 


  “Stella’s relationship with Missy is complicated, and I'm not sure how she would react, especially since she just found out that she fed Peter fairy food against his will. Even if it was to help him. I know Peter cares for her, plus if she can help…” Having a fairy as an ally, especially one so powerful would be good.


  “Ok, I understand that. We can search for it while we look for Peter” That makes him feel a bit better at the very least. 


  Eventually they reach a door and Tadeas makes him stay behind and hide for a bit while he enters. He expects… well anything, questions about the man’s return, a bit of alarm.


  Instead he is greeted by silence and Tadeas telling him to come in. Carefully and worriedly he enters, but…


  There is no one there besides Tadeas, the common room is eerily devoid of life. It looked as if someone was there and never came back, stuff was left around, strewn across the ground, in odd patterns.


  “What-” Tadeas turns towards him looking pale as a sheet. When Elias pays more attention to the things on the ground he catches on as to why he looked so spooked.


  It gives him a shiver down his spine, Stella said that when you disappeared your body just melted away into fog leaving sometimes clothes or jewelry behind. Not a body but just random objects.


  The room looked as if the people there left and never came back, because that's exactly what happened. The guards there just died. Swallowing hard he gives Tadeas a grim look.


  “We need to hurry” He nods and starts to look around for keys. Elias tries to help, even if he feels goosebumps raise along his skin. The place made him feel off.


  After a while he speaks very annoyed.


  “Its not here! There are no keys in here” Tadeas finishes checking a last drawer on a desk on the other side of the room and nods.


  “If it's not here then the guard who has it must be somewhere else around” Elias wants to believe that but…


  “Or he is dead like everyone else, my powers don't work here, not well enough for me to find him, the fog is interfering with my magic. How are we going to get Peter out then? The door is locked, do you know how to pick locks? Because I sure don't, using Tim staff to blow up the door or burn it would be too dangerous and noticeable” Tadeas paces and Elias tries to think, tries to figure out something.


  “I don't know, we need to find it, we don't have much time. Splitting up… we could cover more ground but it's too dangerous and you don't know the place” And Elias can't use his magic to know it from Tadeas because the fog is protecting his mind as well.


  Shit.


  Yet at this rate this is the only option they have. Together they won't be able to cover enough ground to look around the castle quickly enough. The others are busy finding the book, so they can't ask for help.


  “What if we wait by the door? Someone has to come to bring him food right?” But as Elias says that he knows they can't do that. According to Missy, Peter doesn't have much left, and it's too early for anyone to come for him. They could wait and when the door opens it could be empty, just a pile of clothes left behind.


  His throat closes up at the idea of being late.


  Tadeas seems to catch on it too and shakes his head.


  “Not enough time to wait around, not if we don't really know how far along he is, the people in the last stages are… it can happen at any moment, we have to hurry” That doesn't make him feel any better.


  They are in an impasse.


  “So… we split up?” Tadeas looks uncomfortable but nods slowly.


  “Is the only thing I can think of” God.


  “What if I find the key first? Where is Peter’s room? What do we-”


  “Your majesty has been requested by the queen to meet her in the greenhouse” Elias jumps back and so does Tadeas. Three guards look at them with empty stares. They didn't hear them come in at all.


  “Excuse me-”


  “She wants to talk to you, Mr Dahl is going to be escorted to his chambers and stay there until he is summoned as well” This can't be happening- 


  “How does she know-” The guards enter and he steps back, Tadeas gives a step forwards but they all point their weapons at them.  Swallowing he lifts his hands up in the air.


  “I will come, no need for this” Tadeas gives him a tense look when he returns, they don't have any advantages here. Elias walks slowly and a guard follows him, the other two pull Tadeas out and start to lead him to the other corridor.


  As they walk away and he is guided to the “greenhouse” Elias carefully activates the paper Tim gave him. It was a two way use, meaning he will know they were caught at the very least.


  
  
  


  The guard’s mind is blank and empty, he also refuses to answer or speak to him as he is guided outside to a huge greenhouse. The man stands outside and Elias has no other option than to walk in, the fog outside swirls and he thinks he sees blue floating around. 


  It takes him a moment of avoiding plants to reach a clearing, he notices that several of them were poisonous. Plus some were… mutated versions of ones that he knew. Stella’s story of her mother being good with plants and experimenting on them was definitely true.


  Elias sees a small table with three chairs set up, it had food and tea cups prepared. He also notices the other person in the room.


  Anna was a bit taller than him, her hair was loose and she had sharper features than her son. Elias is struck with how much Stella and Clara look like her. Albeit she seems to have a permanent blank and empty stare that her daughters don’t seem to share.


  She was wearing a white silk underdress, while on top she had a black knotwork covering it all, to him it resembles either a spider web or an iron gate pattern of sorts. Albeit he could see the shape of two flowers on it. 


  Her sleeves were puffy and reached up to her elbow, he also noticed that her neckline was rather open. She wore black gloves and in her neck he had a necklace with a purple gem that matched her eyeshadow and black lipstick. 


  Anna was a beautiful woman there was no doubt about that, not at all, but she also was very dangerous. 


  She was holding gardening scissors and cutting a few bushes with ease. On the other side he could see a tree with glowing flowers, there was an axe lying next to it.


  “Your majesty?” She keeps quiet, merely humming. The sound is soft, but it gives him chills, it resonates across the room making him feel as if it comes from all sides.


  “Take a seat please, my other guest seems to be taking her time to arrive and I don't want to repeat myself twice” Elias is an adult, he is here on a mission and she is not going to control his actions.


  “I would rather stand, as for the guest I presume you mean Lydia” She doesnt stop her work, merely nods. 


  “Shame I was just being kind to my guest. I suppose manners are something you lost, no surprise there, my son tends to bring out the worst in people” The casual dismissal of Peter’s character makes him instantly angry. Elias crosses his arms and takes a deep breath. Calm down, he needs to keep his cool.


  “I don't think i have the time to explain to you why you are incorrect on that assessment” Elias stares at her, but she never deigns to turn to him fully.


  Another cut and a branch falls.


  “Is that so? I'm surprised then. I presume that was the case considering your little fight and how last I heard you were declared dead in your kingdom. Imagine my surprise at seeing you here, but well, that's what happens when you work on rumours, you may never know what is right until it stares at you in the face”


  Shit, did they declare him dead already? Of course they would its been around a week, shit, fuck.


  They need to go back soon and fix this.


  “Well clearly those were incorrect. Alas how did you know? About the rumors and the fight, I don't think Peter would tell you” He wants to grab her and shake her, ask her where he is and what did she do to him.


  “He didn't, but he speaks to the fog, and its not like sound doesn’t travel around the place. As you may have noticed, it echoes quite a lot. As for how? Well… we all have our ways of knowing don't we? I would rather keep that for myself. You understand”


  Awfully enough he does.


  “Why are you killing him?” Anna stops mid cut and lowers the scissors until the clank against the table next to her.


  “Presumptuous of you, but not incorrect. My son has been unfortunate, prolonging his pain would be cruel, i am merely accelerating this to spare him from more suffering” She turns slightly to him pursing her lips though. 


  “My husband was sick like him, so I know what it's like seeing someone vanish. It's painful, in those last steps, it is until it's not. Until all the hurt and pain becomes numb like your body and your mind. Then? You are gone and there is no more hurt” The prospect is horrible, and he can't help but imagine it.


  “I did what I had to make sure he doesn't suffer for much longer. Shame he cannot give me a grandchild to keep the bloodline intact, but well, the others are still out there, so there is hope” God-


  God what a horrid woman. Elias closes his eyes, counts to three and opens them again, he bites his tongue from saying something. He needs to stay calm until he figures out a way out or gets the information he needs.


  “Why not tell him how to break the curse? Mm?” She tilts her head to the side, same as Peter, but in her it feels more menacing.


  “I know you are a foreigner, so I will forgive you for that. I simply don't know how to break it, no one does” And that, that is the biggest lie.


  “But you do! It's why you threatened Lydia, you have the answer to end this, why keep it to yourself?! Why let it keep going, don't you see you are slowly killing everyone? There won't be anyone left to rule at this rate!” Anna puts her hands behind her back and paces, her movements are graceful and quiet. She seems almost like a specter.


  “I'm not the one killing everyone, it's her” She points to the fog outside with her head. Her left hand traces a few petals of a purple and yellow flower. “She threw a temper tantrum just like my son. No wonder he ended up like that under her influence. He left and her mood made this place worse” Elias looks outside and sees the fog swirl around. 


  “You haven't answered my question yet, why not stop the curse” Anna stops and turns towards  him fully, she seems almost disappointed in him. Somehow he feels just a bit of shame, even if it's completely unwarranted.


  The only person that has made him feel like that was his mother and she was kind and only did that when it was necessary.


  “I told you, I will not explain this twice. So if you don't mind waiting for Lydia for just a few more minutes, 
  
    then 
  
  we can have a nice and lovely exposition” The queen goes and sits while starting to pour out some tea for herself. Elias stares at her, but can't bring himself to move and sit, he feels his body itch to move and do something. He looks around, the scissors are close enough that if he makes a run for them he could grab them to threaten her.


  His hand twitches and Anna takes a sip of her drink. 


  “I wouldn't think to do anything foolish, I was led to believe you are a rather intelligent man. Trust me when i say you wouldn't be able to step outside before one my… plants do something about you” Baffled he looks around and realizes some of the leaves and vines were moving. 


  “I like gardening, it was something I used to do with my mother and sisters before they passed away. It takes a special kind of person to turn something that is normally completely helpless and make it… dangerous, make it useful. Poisonous plants are still my favourite ones of course, I appreciate the idea of something being beautiful and deadly. They also are very good for making potions and preparing spells” A vine drops to the ground and starts to move like a snake. 


  In the background he realizes there are huge venus flytraps, he didn't notice them because they were closed, not they opened up and were turning on their own towards him.


  “Children are difficult, but plants? Plants can listen and never complain about you” This woman is….


  He hears a struggle and then the door to the greenhouse being open and shut down. Footsteps.


  Stella comes out into the clearing and looks at him and then at her mother with apprehension and suddenly a blank stare.


  Still he could see the bright cold fury in her eyes, she was not happy being here.


  “Lydia”


  “Its Stella” Anna doesn't waver. 


  “Lydia, shall we sit all down? As i told Mr Bouchard i don't intend to repeat myself twice, one explanation is enough” Stella fist close up and he mouths Tim’s name. She shakes her head and merely says-


  “I don't know” Which can mean a lot in these circumstances. She doesn't know where they took him, she doesn't know where he managed to escape. Either way they are currently on their own.


  The plants all shuffle around them, making him extremely nervous.


  Stella moves and sits down in front of her mother, Elias takes a second but follows her lead and sits as well. Anna pours them tea and offers a few scones.


  “So, I presume there are questions. I won't repeat myself and i do not want to answer stupid or obvious ones. Be concise please, we are all royalty and adults here, no time to dilly dally. Don't act like your brother, Lydia, throwing accusations and interrupting me either. One would think that he knew better than that, but it seem the fairy and Mr Bouchard’s kingdom did a number on his manners”


  Elias doesn't drink, but he does repeat his question from before.


  “Why won't you break the curse?” Anna sighs.


  “I'm not the one who can, at some point I thought that my late husband could. I even considered telling him, and… he almost did, on his own right mind you. But he chose the worst possible way to do so, by utterly embarrassing me. If he had i would have been a laughing stock. So he had to go”


  Elias and Stella both tensed.


  “You killed him” Its not a question and Anna nods at Stella, who had a perfectly even tone. Yet Elias could see her hands were gripping her skirt so tight her knuckles were white.


  “Not directly, i just caused his sickness to get worse, the curse did the rest” 


  “Why do you have that diary and where is it? It wasn't in your room” Anna touches the rim of the cup and slides her gloved finger over it.


  “It was not, when I realized you were coming I took it with me. As to how I knew? You are clever Lydia dear, but just like the rest of your siblings you have the same issue. Sentiment” Elias doesnt know what she is talking about, but it must resonate with Stella because suddenly her face turns guilty.


  He sees her take off a ring, it had a purple gemstone on it, and put it on the table.


  “You said it was protection-”


  “It is. Made specifically so that Missy couldn't locate you, but i could” Bloody hell she knew where they were this entire time!


  “You knew” Stella sounded terrified.


  “I did, I put wanted posters to keep appearances, but I always knew where you all were. I had to, just in case. You are all the backups. I was… foolish enough to think that Peter could handle the pressure of being king, that that woman did not infect him and ruin a perfectly good child. That you were all different enough that he wouldn't care about you being gone. But I was wrong, he was weak. Like all Lukas man before him”


  Elias has enough.


  “He is not weak, you made him so afraid-”


  “As he should be, for his own sake. For all of your sakes, I had five children and I intended for all 5 of you to live. Maybe it wasn't the life you wanted, but you survived. Do you know how many Lukas kids die? Having multiple children and all of them making it to adulthood is a miracle on itself” Part of him can see her point, but the other-


  “Yet you knew, your husband could have done it, but he embarrassed you, fine. Fine! Then what? Why not tell Peter how?” Elias needs to know at least that. Stella’s hands shake a bit but she nods as well.


  “Because I was being petty” That- Elias looks to Stella who has a similarly surprised look, neither thought she would answer something like that.


  “...What?” Anna lets out a breath at his comment.


  “I was being petty. Let me paint you a picture. Imagine this, a long time ago, before the land was always covered in never ending fog. You live your life peacefully, then one day a wave of mist covers the entire kingdom, and no one knows why, or how to stop it” He wants to hurry her, but she gives him a pointed look.


  “Now imagine this, you are a small coven of witches living in the outskirts, you are not bad people, you make potions for the sick, and spells for those who need them. You are by all means simple citizens doing your job. Yet one day the king himself comes to your coven, and he asks for a solution to a curse. Understandably they ask for what the curse is, to know what they are dealing with, he is dodgy and cagey about it, until finally he says it” Anna’s voice was soft but harsh, it was easy to see get lost in her story.


  “And the witches laugh, not out of any ill will, but out of relief. This will pass, they told him, your curse is not hard to break. It's in fact one of the easiest and most common ones to solve. That's when they tell the king what he has to do. And then he says-” Anna hand closes in a fist, the first genuine reaction he has seen on her.


  Her face looks impassive but her eyes-


  They shone with barely concealed rage.


  
    “No, you are lying, that is not the answer”
  
   She stays quiet for a moment and you could hear a pin drop with the silence in the room.


  It takes a moment for her to recompose herself into her usual coldness and aloofness.


  “They try to convince him, to no avail, but it doesn't work. And so he does what cruel kings do when they are desperate and don't get what they want. He sends some of them to be hanged as an example, rumours spread, and the witches who used to be considered good are now shamed by the town and have to live with the reminder of their sisters' deaths, generation after generation. Until… a king is desperate to marry his son and get new heirs. So he looks everywhere in town for a wife and finds a beautiful woman who lost all her family. You can imagine the next part”


  It gives a smidge of reasoning behind her actions, even if it was mostly revenge. 


  “I loved your father Lydia, not romantically, never like that. But I respected him and with time and with more and more children I considered him… my friend, my confidant. And for a brief moment, I thought about telling him the truth. Long ago was the time where his ancestors called mine liars, now it was just us. I thought about burying the proverbial hatchet. I was queen, I could do it right for my sister and mother, for all the ones in my family that had to endure before me” Stella looked at her mother steadily, but he could see her lips wobble a bit.


  “But then, that little rat fell for a servant and decided to cheat, because as he said, I was so cold and I never made him feel welcomed. If he fixed this with her, then he could divorce me and marry her and be hailed a saviour. And to add insult to injury the little wench was with a child. So I did the only logical thing, I got her executed and had a lovely dinner where I told him what happened. Ahh, truly a sight to see him snivelling and grovelling. Regardless, you understand now why I kept this away from anyone's eyes” She actually takes a small rolled out piece of paper and presents it to them. 


  Stella recognizes it and tries to reach for it, the page of the book where.


  “No. Out of five children three were afraid of magic, and the two who were not, who had power like mine didn't use it. You had so much promise Lydia, you reminded me of myself as a young woman and I hoped to make you understand one day. I taught you magic to keep my family’s customs alive, but… you turned out to be a disappointment. Peter’s powers were more nature inclined like my sister, but yours? Were like mine. Yet… despite my efforts, you couldn't give up those pesky feelings of love for those who were undeserving, nor could any of your siblings, even Peter. He ended up being the worst”


  Elias cannot take this anymore, even if part of what she says makes him feel sympathy. It does not take away that he is trying to kill Peter, out of some misguided sense of revenge.


  “Enough, the key is love. We know that those feelings kept him alive this long, but you tried to trample on them on purpose. You made all of them feel worthless and powerless, it's not on them, but you, you and everyone else before they ruined it all. You are keeping everyone hostage due to a whim-” Anna doesn't slam her hand or raise her voice at him, but she does tell him to shut up in the most venomous tone.


  “I thought about it, if Peter dies, Missy will not handle it and she will be reborn, therefore taking away this oppressive fog that she made on the day he left, her feelings are the ones making this even worse, causing people to get sicker and numb. Once that is done with, Aaron is retrieved and set to be married off as intended. I found a nice young woman for him, originally she was going to marry Evan, but Nathanial agreed to offer her hand to your brother instead. Clara and Judith… i will see what i do with them”


  “No!” Lydia gets up and tries to grab the paper, but a vine shoots out and grabs her wrist pulling it back. “You can't do that to them! Just tell us how to save Peter, it's not fair-! He doesnt deserve this, he didn't do anything to you!”


  Anna gets up as well and before he can react she gets a lighter and flicks it open.

“But he did. He fell in love and you know what? It was like a mirror to the past, he looked just like his father when I told him that Elias and that child supposedly died. Same agonized face even, to be honest i did honestly believe that you were dead, i don't enjoy lying, or to be called a liar” As she says that Anna burns the page. Elias tries to stop her but like Stella, more vines move and grab him, pulling him back. The things had thorns and they were cutting him.

  “Its a shame i did want to make an alliance, but you can ruin this for me, and i wont allow that, so lets make sure that my assesment of your life status is correct” The page keeps burning while they try to get the stupid plants off them, but its for nothing, the thing is destroyed and he cannot help but yell at her.


  That was their only way to help Peter, the only hope they had to know what to do, what was the missing piece to make things work and save him from death. Without that they had nothing.


  “How dare you-” Anna doesn't bother to even look at him, merely picks up the axe lying next to the tree.


  “I dare, because I spent my childhood in misery due to one man's hubris. I dare, because the one person i considered my friend betrayed me, i dare because simply put? I want to. I swore to myself that I would be an even better Lukas than those of the family itself and that I would make this all mine by sheer effort and force not because I inherited a name, but rather because I was better fitted for the role. And the truth is? I am. I am a better monarch than all the ones in power before me. So now? Why won't you two just stay still and calm down a little bit, this won't hurt. Much”


  Elias sees her lift the axe effortlessly. Fuck! The plants start to tighten.


  “Mm, I wanted to do this in a less messy way you know? The poisonous plants are more fitting, but alas” She tries to swing at his head when the glass of the greenhouse shatters. Closing his eyes he feels a few scrapes, but nothing else. 


  “Mother, do not” Elias turned and Stella’s hands were glowing a bit with blue.


  “Your lessons were not completely useless then. Good for you, but still” The plants shiver and start growing more, pots break and roots start to crawl around. Stella flicks her hand to the side and the vines holding them retreat, he thinks he hears them scream if that's possible. 


  He has enough time to jump to the ground and avoid the axe to the head. 


  “Shit-!” 


  “Mind your language” Is she bloody kidding?! Before he can reply with a less than gracious word, the sound of something blowing up in the distance has them all look towards the castle. 


  
    What the hell? 
  


  Anna is distracted enough for him to get up, before he tries to get the axe, Stella shoves something in his hand and tells him to go now. He can't see what it is, but he knows the shape of it between his fingers. 


  “No- what did they do?!” 


  “Elias move!” Stella pulls at him in time before an axe hits him in the chest.


  “What did you tell them! Do you have any idea what they just did?!” He doesn't not really, but it's clearly something bad enough to anger the woman into a fit. One of the plants started to scurry on the ground and dropped some purple ooze, the smell was rancid and he could see that it melted part of the floor.


  “Get out, go see him try something- Anything-!” This time it was his turn to save Stella by getting her out of the way of one of the giant venus flytraps who tried to bite her head off. Those things should not have edges so sharp.


  “Oh you are not going anywhere at all-” Anna starts to walk towards them now clearly infuriated by the chaos.


  “Elias, get out, I can deal with her, find Peter, his room is in the tallest tower. Now out!”


  She pushes him to the broken up glass walls and he manages to make his way through, albeit with a few more cuts. He sees her for a brief moment kicking down the table and chairs before he has to make his way inside in a run. God if she dies, Elias is going to be in so much trouble.


  Elias does realize that the guard outside was knocked unconscious, so Stella must have done that and gotten the key from him.


  
  


  The castle is a maze and pure chaos, people were moving around with water spheres to most likely take out any fire from the explosion. He has to presume that it was Tim in some capacity. Still, he is a bit more concerned trying to figure out where he is supposed to go. The tallest tower from outside is easy to identify. But from the inside… God dammit.


  He asks his patron for guidance, but the magic of the place is still messing up with his own powers, knowing things here were a mess. The place was hellbent on keeping itself hidden away from anyone, to keep any secret from prying eyes. It was driving him insane.


  The only thing he can think of is asking someone, anyone, but when he tries no one seems to be able to pay attention to him, it was as if they didn't see him at all.


  “Fuck!” What does he do?! Tim and Tadeas are unaccounted for, Stella is dealing with her mother, and he can't find Peter’s room! He needs to, he has to-


  And then what? What does he do?! The page was gone, Anna wont spill what she knows to them, she made it clear that she wants Peter gone so she can get a grip on the kingdom again, by causing Missy to reincarnate out of grief.


  
    How does he help? How does he save him? 
  


  
    What can Elias even do at this point?
  


  At that moment the despair hits him, he realizes how hopeless the situation is, he doesn know where to go and even if he did he has no clue as to what he is missing, what is the last puzzle piece.


  Elias confessed his feelings, Peter kissed him. 


  What else does the curse want Peter to do if it's about love?


  He stays standing in place completely helpless to what to do. Usually he always has a plan and idea, but now he is bling, without his powers he is utterly useless. He is just- 


  A brush to his cheek, a hand holding a handkerchief. 


  “There, there, let me take you to his room child” He didn't realize his vision was blurry due to tears. Once he cleans up a bit he sees Missy smiling tiredly and anxiously at him.


  “You said-”


  “I did and your little helpers found it, or did you think the explosion was just for fun?” The rune- Tadas must have found Tim and told him!


  “Now, let's go, he needs you, now more than ever” Missy holds his hand softly and tugs him along in the opposite direction to where he was going.


  “You were doing well, you only messed up in the last bit, rooms are a bit confusing unless you are used to them. See? You just had to go left not right” She is right he sees the staircase at the end of the hallway. Still he stays still, not daring to go up.


  “Elias?”


  “What's the point? I'm not going to be able to help, I don't know what to do to make it better, what to say to save him!” Missy's eyes glow a bit and he feels cold, she seems to realize what she is doing, because she pets his cheek.


  “You aren't supposed to do anything, Peter has to save himself. You only need to be there to nudge him in the right direction and give him hope. Talk with him and… and maybe he can do what Mordechai refused to. Be honest dear, he needs to hear it, now more than ever, with nothing left to lose, no more secrets, no more lies. Just talk” She holds both of his hands and rubs her thumbs over them, Missy's smile is warm and it makes him nostalgic.


  It makes him think of his mother.


  She giggles.


  “Sometimes we are sad and lonely but it doesn't mean that it should consume us, or that its always bad. Sometimes we just have to feel the bad to see the good. Warm memories can be tinged with sadness but it doesn't take away all the happy moments” Swallowing hard he nods and starts to go up quickly. 


  Once upstairs she guides him to another set of stairs and eventually to a locked door. Missy nudges him and steps back.


  “You should help too-” She shakes her head.


  “He needs you, he thinks you are gone, remember?” That's right, Peter’s mother told him that Pasha and himself were dead. He mumbles a thank you but she brushes it off.


  “Good luck”


  He takes out the key from his pocket and he carefully opens the door. For a moment, a brief one he thinks the room is empty and Elias feels his heart stop. However from the corner of his eye he sees movement. Turning to the side he sees a bleak image.


  Peter was see through, he looked more like fog than a person. He still had the shape of a person, but he was clearly in the  very last stages of the curse. Elias also notices that his ears were in his more supernatural shape, same with his eyes and teeth, as he can see when the man turns fully and has his mouth fall open a bit at the sight of Elias. 


  The other thing that really makes him stare is his hair, it turned completely white by now. He looked like a ghost.


  “Peter-”


  “I lost it didn't i?” What? Elias sees his expression of sad resignation


  “No, no, listen, we need to go ok? We all came for you!” But Peter merely sighs and walks towards the window to stare outside.


  “Figures i would see you before i died... Maybe we can meet up again in another life, a better one at least, kinder perhaps” His voice was a perfectly soft whisper. Elias walks closer and tries to grab his shoulder, but his hands just pass him through.


  Elias stares in horror at his own hands and then at Peter.


  “No, no. Peter I swear I'm here, your mother was wrong, I didn't die! Neither did Pasha, she is back home, waiting for you perfectly safe. She loves you, Pasha wouldn't believe me when I said you told me horrible things and… and I was an idiot for even contemplating that you were saying the truth either. Your sister is here as well, Lydia, Tim and Tadeas we all came for you” He pleads for him to listen, but all he gets is Peter hunchin up his shoulders and turning slightly towards him, he had purple bags under his eyes who instead of being lively looked very blank.


  He sees him slowly raise his hand and try to touch his cheek, and Elias hopes, but even if he sees him lightly press it against his jaw, he doesn't feel the touch, he only has a feeling of coldness.


  “You are hurt” Closing his eyes Elias swallows down a hysterical laugh.


  “Your mother tried to kill me with her plants and an axe” Somehow that does manage to get Peter to snort.


  “Im sorry i wasnt there, you were right, that stupid prophecy was right, i ruined everything for you all i ever did was get you hurt by being near you. And even when i tried to go it ended up ki-”


  “I'm not dead! I swear, this is not a hallucination Peter, i'm not dead, i'm right here you seaweed head!! Maxwell didn't kill me, he tried, but I survived! And you!! You infuriating excuse of a prince! My life was more complicated, yes, but you didn't ruin it, you made it better! I would have never realized how lonely I actually was, how much I missed having someone by my side to joke and tease if it wasn't for you. And you also saved my life. I would have died in Annabelle’s castle without you, don't you see?”


  
  
  
  


  “-don't you see?” Peter doesn't or at the very least he recognizes that Elias would have died back then, he knows that to be true. 


  He has spent the last day and a half in a half delirious state, but then is suddenly broken up, leaving him aware but ultimately numb. In his dreams he saw all the bad luck he brought to Elias and the others. How his presence led to bad decisions.


  How he poisoned everything he touched.


  He was like his mothers plants, but not even that, because he wasn't even useful like them.


  All he had ever wanted… was to live his life peacefully, sail away and see the world outside this foggy nightmare. But he couldn't, he failed in everything. As a son, as a brother, nephew, father, friend… Not even a lover, Elias could and should do better than him. 


  He feels the cold seeping in, it numbs him like medicine. It makes the hurt go away and only leaves him feeling at peace. 


  That's the only thing he ever wanted, but of course-


  Of course he wouldn't even get that in his last hours, why would he? Peter never gets what he wants, and his mind decides to conjure up the one person that can wring out what little feeling he has left inside of him. Who can still make him react and feel those ephemeral sparks of hurt and love.


  His mind likes to play cruel tricks on him, he wonders if his father also had hallucinations by the end. He never got to see it, after that one time he and Lydia saw him by accident his room was locked.


  “I see… that staying in Opperior after saving you was a mistake. That everything that happened afterwards was my fault. I should have left you alone as I wanted originally, should have stayed a few weeks and then left to sail and die on my own. Maybe even let the sirens eat me” The copy of Elias that his mind seems to produce as a last fuck you gives him a furious look. Its so close to the real deal that he has a brief moment of panic, but as every last strong feeling he has it seems that the fog inside of him eats it away leaving nothing but the carcass.


  “You are the worst and I hate you so much” Somehow even if had repeated their last conversation in his head several times, that still manages to make him feel as if someone stabbed him in the heart. Elias looks furious and hurt, and it's so brilliant and real he wants to touch him and apologize, but Peter has to remember himself.


  His actions caused him to die, his actions caused him to get hurt this past year. He has no right to it anymore.


  “How can you say that to me, how can you even think- Do you know how much I worried about you on that trip? Do you know how awful it would have been to lose the first friend I made in so long without any explanation? I understand now more about why you are like this, I do, but it still hurts Peter. You would disappear on me after making me care so much? Leaving and making yourself a mystery? Do you think I wouldn't try and find out what happened if that was the case?” Peter feels uncomfortable, this figment was hitting too close to home with his accusations, but perhaps it was for the best?


  A sort of relief, by now he has nothing left to lose, what does it matter if he says what he thinks? Still, it's Elias' face and it makes him tongue tied to answer properly.


  “I…” Feeling a spike of pain he doubles over a bit.


  “Peter?!” He flickers in and out of reality again, while Elias begs for him to stay.


  “Please, please not now, please! Just hold on a bit longer. You stubborn and insufferable man, do it for me if not for yourself, I'm not done yet talking, you owe me that at least” It takes a few minutes to calm down and pull himself together, but Peter manages to hold on a bit longer. Even if it hurts.


  He sees the floor is now covered in fog making him wince. Elias tries to grab his face, but his hands just pass him by and Peter has a moment to think, even for an instant that he would love nothing more than to feel that touch before he goes. He could die a bit happier at least.


  But that thought just hurts more when he remembers that Elias is truly gone and it's his fault and that none of this is real. 


  “Please, it just hurts, just… i wish you were here, i really do” This “Elias” takes a shuddering breath and closes his eyes for a moment. 


  “I am here, I really, really am. I wish you would believe me Peter '' It's quiet for a moment, the room is a bit more hazy in his vision and its hard to focus on anything that is not Elias. Peter really doesn't have much longer.


  “I'm sorry…”


  “No, no you're not, how could you be? You did this, you could have told me! I would have helped you. Between the four of us, Tim, Helen, you and I, we could have figured something out. We had the time to do something! But instead you did everything behind my back, you chose for me, you lied to me and worst of all you hurt me for what? Why do that? What was the end goal? Dying alone and miserable like a dog? Leaving me and Pasha alone without ever telling us or being able to mourn you properly?”


  “Please stop-” Hearing this, his failures are making him feel…


  Its making him feel sick, he wants to be numb again, he wants the pain to go away again!


  “NO! Why should I stop?! You owe me this, you own me an explanation, what do I tell Pasha? Simon, Titania, your siblings, Tim and Helen! What about them?! You cannot do this to us. We all care for you, what do we do then when you are gone and we have no way to reach you? How do we mourn when there is nothing left, not even an answer? What do we do with all of our feelings then?” Peter doesn't want to hear it, he doesn't-! He wants peace, he wants oblivion, he wants this to be over with!


  Covering his ears he tries to ignore him, but Elias doesnt stop and he can't muffle the sound.


  “What about Missy?!” That has him snap.


  “What about her! She lied, it was a means to an end, an entertainment, my brother can break the curse she said so. She just grew fond of me like a person does with an unruly puppy. I'm sorry that I made all of you care, I shouldn't have, I should have stayed alone and kept to myself. Caring means that I make others suffer, I drag them down and I just hurt people. I don't want to! I- i didn't care about it, before, but outside of this place, with you and- and the rest it was hard not to have fun. All i wanted was to be free, all i wanted was a peaceful death, to die alone and be forgotten” 


  His hands start to disappear, but he ignores that.


  “Peter-” And he can't really keep to himself anymore.


  “I didn't say anything because I was being selfish” Elias face is open and raw and it hurts to see, but maybe it's his punishment to see him like this again. Peter tries again, he steps closer towards him. Not touching but merely existing near this beautiful broken mirage of the person he loves.


  “I was scared, I have always been a bit scared. Hard not to, but the reason why I didn't say anything was because I was selfish. I didn't want you to spend your time seeing me waste away, that's true, but also… I just didn't want you to see me die, I didn't want you to pity me, to stop seeing me as me and instead become more of an obsession or a puzzle to solve. I know you wanted to help me, I do! I'm not an idiot or blind” He is not. Peter knows Elias would have helped him regardless of his lies, that he cared for him enough to do so. But the reality is...


  “But I didn't say anything because I was the one who didn't want to spend my last days seeing you or anyone else upset about my passing. I would rather have you all hate me than mourn me while I'm still there. It would be kinder to all of us, i think at least in that regard mother was correct by having father locked up, none of us had to see the worst of it and his death was easier to pass, we were a bit sad, but it all went away quickly enough” Elias face breaks out into a mix of outrage, pity and despair.


  Peter hates that.


  The shorter man keeps trying to hold his face, his neck, even his clothes, but his hand just keeps going through. He could see the desperation in his actions and it lodged itself in his chest like a particularly nasty thorn.


  His hallucination of Elias had cuts and scrapes all across his arms, the more he moved, the more some of his cuts bleed a bit more. Peter wanted to tell him to stop, but it would be useless as it's not real, albeit he sees some of the droplets of red fall on the foggy floor and stay there. 


  Whatever he has passing for a stomach churns with dread. It's not real, 
  
    it's not real. Elias is dead and so is Pasha. So is any dream or chance of a normal life that Peter could ever have.
  


  “I'm a coward and selfish and I ruin everything. Its… you know? I was ok with it, dying i mean. Or well not really, i didn't want to die, but i knew i had no way to escape it, so i resigned myself to it. To a quiet and unimportant death, to give Aaron a chance to fix things and leave this world on my own terms. But then-” His tongue feels like lead and its like part of him is fighting him all the way to not say anything, while the other itches to say it.


  Peter is starting to disappear more and more, ever so slowly. What does he have to lose?


  “But then you happened, you and your plans, and your words. For brief moments I wanted, more than anything, to be there in all those plans you had for the future. Your birthday, the festival next year. Moments and glances to a future that I wanted but knew I couldn't have, I was still resigned to my death. Even if I wanted to be there I knew I couldn't do anything. Or in reality i was just afraid of looking for an answer and not being able to find anything”


  Elias' breaths are a bit faster and he still tries to touch him. Peter in his own desperate attempt to feel that leans closer to his face and stays breaths away from touching their foreheads.


  “I wanted that too. I wanted you there” Swallowing hard at Elias' broken up voice he continues.


  “They were fantasies at best, I didn't think it was possible so I never tried. But then… we got Pasha, and we cared for her and I was happy. But well, you know how well that went, she did know. Before, about the curse I made her promise not to tell and maybe if I hadn't done that she wouldn't have taken the same course of action that I did. You were right it was my fault”


  “You big dumb man” It lacks anger, it sounds more tired an exasperated. “I'm sorry, I was mad and I hurt you. I know I said it before but I am Peter” And how unfair is that? That he makes him apologize to him, when it's him who should, even if it's not to the real deal.


  Never again.


  “I'm the one who is sorry for everything. But if it's the last thing I do… Elias, I was resigned to die, I had nothing to live for, not on the lung run, but you made me wish for a future. And when you told me you needed to marry, when your only option was Maxwell, I realized that for the first time I wanted to try to live, not for myself. I could never make myself care about me. Not really, but you? You were my reason to finally try and do something to save myself, because all I wanted was to ensure you got to be happy. Same with Pasha. Ultimately my attempt failed and all my hope crashed and burned. The kiss didn't work and i'm so very sorry for all the lies i said and for never getting to have the time to be with you”


  That has the other start to cry and Peter wants so desperately to hold him and tell him it's ok.


  Even if he knows it's not. He is flickering again and he doesnt think he can hold himself together much longer.


  “I'm sorry Elias, I'm so sorry that we are never going to get that future. I really wanted to stay and look after Pasha with you. I wanted to see Simon again and talk with him, Titania… even my siblings! Even- even Missy, I lied. I lied i don't hate any of them, i was just angry and hurt and said what i thought would hurt them, would hurt you”


  Peter attempts again to touch the other man who was doing his best to stop the tears from his face. But Elias flinches back and its a slap, he remembers that he deserves this.


  He always has.


  For being a disappointment to the family name and an utter failure of a person.


  “I-”


  “Just… did you mean any of it? What you told me in the church?” Peter hesitates, what right does he have to say it now? If Elias, the real one will never hear it. 


  His head feels like cotton and his vision keeps blurring, but Elias' words are crystal clear. He looks like a beautiful messy vision.


  “I was so mad at you, i wanted to erase you from my head, but the truth is- i would be how i am now without you in my life, you made me better i think, even if a little bit. I'm still the same at my core, but you improved my life. All the things we did were tinged with sorrow and anger, but ultimately… They made me happy when I needed it and I wouldn't change that for the world. I don't hate you, I love you. And I wish we had more time too” Elias smiles through the tears and it breaks something in him, something that was really weighing him down.


  “I lied that day. I didn't mean it, any of it, i… do find you annoying sometimes, bossy too, but its charming and its 
  
    you. 
  
  And I wouldn't change you, never. You drove me crazy sometimes, but I loved every moment with you. Even when I went away on my little trips… I always felt like I was coming back home when I was there with you and the others” Elias hugs himself and Peter realizes that he is not dreaming.


  He doesn't know if it hurts more or less to know that it is Elias seeing him die now. But-


  But he is here and all he can offer is some comfort, so he attempts to press his forehead against his again. Elias doesn't pull back and lets him. Peter knows that they aren't really touching, but its the only comfort he can offer.


  “Just one more thing Peter” The room was quiet except for the sound of Elias sniffling.


  “Yes?” He is crumbling to pieces he knows he is. 


  “I love you and I would have loved to marry you because of that” Peter stills and its like the world is holding his breath.


  “I lied” Elias gives him a look of confusion. It's adorable even now. It makes him smile just a bit.


  “I lied when you asked me if I loved you, so…. Can you ask me again? I know I don't deserve it but-” Elias laughs wetly and nods.


  “Peter Lukas, do you love me?” And the answer is easy, has always been, he was just scared, but at the end of the day? Even if it hurts Elias, not knowing would be worse.


  “I do, I love you so much, for months in fact. Elias i love you, i just didn't want to tell you and tie you down to me when i was going to die. I hoped to break the stupid curse and tell you all the truth i swear- please believ-” Elias has a surprised face and before Peter can beg him to believe him, he feels the shorter’s man hands grab his face.


  Its so startling and confusing that he doesn't protest when he pulls him down and kisses him.


  And Peter cannot stop himself, if this is a dream, if this is heaven and he is already dead then he doesn't care. All he wants is to enjoy this moment. So with caution out of the window he uses his arms-


  They appeared again? 


  And holds Elias against him as they kiss, over and over again, desperately even. It's odd, Peter feels suddenly warm, all the cold melts away from him. His hands go up and cup Elias jaw as he peppers kisses all over his face, while the man laughs.


  “I love you, i love you so much you little bossy man. Please forgive me” And that's when Peter realizes the room was shining bright, opening his eyes confused. He looks around and sees some sort of golden glow surrounding them. 


  “I love you too, you foolish man” Elias laughs and turns to see the glowing lights “Look at your hands sailor”  Confused he does and suddenly Peter is left speechless.


  He is not seen through anymore, not only that but the tattoos were starting to fade away from his skin. Or… not completely, they seem to stay as some sort of scars, the shape of the fog, but the colors start to pour out of him like fog that drops to the ground like small waterfalls. 


  The glow continues golden lights shaping themselves like fog clouds around them, then silver ones join them to make the shape of a few eyes. Peter looks at Elias who seems mesmerized by it as well. His face was puffy from crying and he was still hurt, but he looked radiant.


  “What is going on-” All the lights suddenly blow up making them close their eyes and when he finally thinks it's done it's just them in his room.


  “What?”


  Elias starts to laugh.


  “What!? What just happened, how did you do it!” And Elias- Elias shakes his head.


  “Oh she was right, they all were the curse was so easy- we just kept thinking about it the wrong way” Peter doesn't know what is going on, what he does know is that from his window came light, baffled as he has never seen so much light in Mooreland he goes to look.


  His jaw goes slack.


  The fog was gone. He could still see it in the forest and if he wasn't wrong part of the town was covered in it too, but he could actually see the sun in the open sky of Mooreland for the first time in his life.


  “I don't understand- I- how did you?” Elias comes closer and looks outside, looking just as surprised.


  “It wasn't the kiss what the pixies meant, they were on the right track, they just assumed you would confess before kissing me” Peter gives him a lost and gobsmacked look.


  “Wait, what do you mean?” Elias tugs his arm and Peter follows him to his bed. The short little man pushes him to lay down and crawls on top of him. 


  His blood starts pumping. Elias holds his face and smiles at him, its incredibly fond and exasperated.


  “You foolish man. I get it now, Tim told me what you and Helen discussed, about your grandfather. It wasn't a kiss it never was, it was the confession. You can kiss someone and love them, but if you don't say it… it's pointless” Peter feels like he got hit with several hammers. 


  He also feels incredibly stupid. So, so very stupid, god, he wants to crawl away and hide, if that was it, he could have finished this months ago, he could have saved them the troubles. Peter is such a big stupid idi-


  “Stop beating yourself up! You are not an idiot, there was no way for you to know! 200 years, you're not the only person who didn't know. I would dare say you were the closest one to figuring it out if you had more time and we weren't both unlucky with our timings” Elias hand caresses his cheek and Peter shudders, he grabs his wrist.


  “How did you-” Elias tilts his head and stares at him.


  “I think… i think i can use my magic on you now, or at least if you have strong emotions at the forefront of your mind” That is embarrassing, he feels his cheeks heat up.


  “Oh don't be silly, you already confessed, there is nothing more you could feel embarrassed about now” Peter knows that was the worst thing to say as his mind wanders.


  “...Oh” Elias' face is red. Peter is no better, gods above. In a fit he grabs Elias and makes him roll to the side. The man yelps and Peter holds him close to him before kissing him again.


  “Shut up” And Elias-


  Smug, smart, bossy and impossible Elias. Smirks at him, then it turns softer and he sighs before pressing their lips together softly, merely breathing in and keeping the other’s presence as close as possible.


  Peter still thinks this might be a dream, a lovely one that his mind conjured up in his dying moments.


  “Its not, not really, you know it” And he does, its too real for it to be fake, Elias' warm body keeps him focused.


  “I know, i'm sorry for thinking you weren't here” Elias rubs their noses together.


  “I would have probably thought the same if i was in your position, i get it” He does… Peter wants so many things, but he doesn't know where to begin.


  Perhaps he should with the easiest one of them all.


  “Elias?” Said man mumbles a yes, that has him swallow down hard.


  “I know you still have every right to be mad at me, and I swear you can yell at me later, but let me ask you this first. After all we got all the time in the world now” And that idea, that concept actually has him freeze up. He never expected it, it leaves him nervous and anxious.


  The not knowing. 


  Elias interlaces their fingers.


  One thing at the time then.


  “Will- would you want to marry me? Not only to save our daughter, be-because she is, I know that, I love her like one and I want to raise her with you” God his face burns, Peter realizes he was numb before because otherwise he wouldn't have been able to speak as he did without stumbling around.


  “But because I love you. And I don't know how things in Opperior are now, with Jon there, but you got my support and if- if you lose the throne I can claim the throne here to be king and you can look after Mooreland instead. I don't mind, as long as we take Pasha, Tim and Helen with us” Elias snorts and presses his face against the crook of his neck before he starts to laugh, Peter would feel terrified of it being a rejection if Elias wasn't kissing him in between chuckles.


  The skin there tingles and it makes him feel high.


  “I feel like we are their parents taking them out in the divorce with us” And the idea of that-


  Makes him lose it. He doesn't know if it's everything crashing down on him finally, but Peter starts to freak out in between laughter. To the point where Elias starts to hush him as he rubs shapes on his back and tells him its ok.


  Peter was about to die, that is a fact.


  He could have solved it months ago if he wasn't a coward and his mother had not traumatized him to be afraid of having connections.


  Elias is here, warm, alive and willing to stay, he doesn't hope for forgiveness, but he knows they can work it out eventually.


  It still wrecks him a little bit. It's too much, there are people who will want to see him, who will want explanations, who will be mad, and he has no idea how to deal with it. In a way thinking that there was no future meant there were no consequences to his actions. Elias loves to prove him wrong of course, but god, what about everyone else?


  “Shh, it will be ok, I swear, they aren't that mad, they are worried and they miss you, even your siblings. They didn't want to leave you either- it's a… a long story. But trust me”


  “Stop- stop reading my head, i don't want it” Elias stays quiet.


  “I'm sorry, it's so easy when you are this upset, it sort of pops into my head. I'm not doing it on purpose” Swallowing he nods, he's not calming down per se, but he is burnt out.


  “Peter… I know you must be exhausted, but we really need to go get the others. Lydia was fighting your mother and I don't know about Tadeas and Tim. We also need to go back home. I have to appear, people think i'm dead and if i don't clear that up i'm going to be in trouble. Well even more so considering Maxwell is dead”


   He wants to move, but he is tired, his body feels like lead and to be honest, now that he is a bit more calm, he will admit he feels a bit sick. Maybe it's not normal feeling this hot. Nodding he moves to sit down, the room spins.


  “Im… not feeling very well to be honest” Elias grabs his arm and helps him walk out.


  “Let's take it slow then, we will get you to a doctor soon i swear” Nodding slowly he follows him and guides Elias since he doesn't seem to know where to go. Peter is… confused about what to do now, but ultimately he is happy.


  Happy that he has time, that he gets to go back home, that he gets to 
  
    live
  
  . In whatever way he wants.


  The prospect is freeing and frightening but he is willing to see where that takes him.

 
 
 
 

  Elias' heart was beating so fast he was afraid it might pop out of his chest. Peter is ok, Peter is alive. 


  
    Peter broke the curse.
  


  And it is true, the curse was simple enough, they just both have terrible timing and unfortunate accidents every time they tried to say something. Elias is elated and knowing that Peter loves him.


  
    Truly loves him
  
  , has him over the moon. He is still hurt of course, deep down he is and that won't go away soon. But the relief, the utter relief at knowing that they have time, that he can have a better discussion about why Elias was hurt and how to fix things between them was enough to make him feel weak on the knees.


  He saw him blip out of existence, before he confessed Peter was practically gone. He almost lost him for 
  
    real
  
  . That thought makes him squeeze the man’s arm as he tells him where to go. Peter’s looks were still odd.


  His ears, eyes were still fae like. And the hair…


  White as snow, it was pretty he will admit, albeit with the beard it made him look older, even if they only had a couple of years of difference. Maybe he can get him to shave a bit… especially if they marry.


  His proposal made him want to keep him in bed, even more so when he had that breakdown. But they had to find the others, a doctor as well he is sure Peter has a fever.


  “I like the new look by the way” He feels like he should say something. For his part Peter gives him a puzzled look.


  “The hair? I already told you I like the ears and eyes, they make you look pretty…” His partner flushes a bit bluish and his freckles glint silver. Albeit what made Elias stare was that his hair sort of shone too.


  It was very beautiful. He wondered how it would look if Peter let himself look fully supernatural, the bluish skin would complement the white and silver.


  Peter sees a mirror a bit ahead of them and stops to stare, he has an uncomfortable look.


  “I thought it would go back to normal” Elias sees him pull at a few locks.


  “You have these remember? I suppose the curse leaves its marks” He traces the scars on his arm. They looked old already, thin white lines, representing fog.


  “Yeah… it does. I just… look very different” Elias takes a moment to consider what it must feel like. To see yourself with the left overs of the thing that was killing you. He cups Peter’s jaw.


  “You look just as handsome to me as always. Albeit you could stand to shave a bit more, you look like a vagabond” Peter stares and then snorts and seeing the glimmer of joy in his eyes calmed Elias down significantly. 


  Things will be ok, at the very least they are together now, and whatever happens they can figure it out. He knows they can.


  “I love you” Peter flushes again and with a nervous smile murmurs.


  “I love you too” Elias preens and feels lighter, even the scrapes and cuts hurt a bit less. Yes, things will be ok. He can feel it.

  
    Chapter Text
    
  Elias and Peter find Tim and Tadeas first, or more like they run into them.

  “Gotta go, the guards-!” Peter sighs and carefully steps away from Elias as Timothy and Tadeas run behind them. He wants to protest, but the sailor shakes his head and moves towards the sound at the end of the hallways.

  He hears a few gasps, but Peter merely shrugs and tells the people there to please leave his guests alone. 

  “Also, i think you should go home for the day” Elias sees one man approach Peter and he wants to run there and put space between them, but the guard merely looks at his partner, then at them and finally to the windows. The sun was still shining bright.

  “Of course your majesty. Is… is it true? The curse…” Peter nods and everyone murmurs in disbelief. Elias doesn't blame them.

  “But the men over there-”

  “Helped to release me from my room, instead of keeping me locked per my mother’s request and also-” Peter gives Elias a very, very soft look that makes him feel like he swallowed a bunch of butterflies.

  “Also helped me break the curse, so treat them with respect if you don't mind, unless you would rather have me send you all away? I think i still can do that on my own” And to prove his point fog starts to appear from under Peter’s feet, making everyone flinch and step back.

  “N-no you highness, we will let them be! We just… the queen said it was for your own good and- and that you were dying” At that Elias does step closer, followed by Tim and Tadeas.

  Peter grimaces at the term highness and seems to relax just a bit when Elias holds his arm.

  “Well clearly she was the wrong gentleman, apologies for the destruction” Peter grins at him and turns to the group.

  “Elias Bouchard king of Opperior, Timothy Stoker his general and Tadeas! My council…” Everyone pales even more and sort of flounders about what to do or say. So Elias requests kindly to let them pass since they have to check on Lydia.

  “The princess is here too?!” Peter stiffens at that but nods. More talks among the guards, but the sun outside, the sound of birds singing and the threat of being sent away when they were finally free, was enough of an incentive to let everyone go.

  
    Thank god.
  

  
  

  Tim and Tadeas check on Peter while Elias goes to look for Lydia in the greenhouse. He doesn't make him go with him because he is worried about his health and also… if things went poorly he doesn't want his mother to get him. Or in the worst case scenario see what happened to her and his sister.

  However when he gets there he doesn't expect to see a giant tree growing out of the building, that was definitely not there before.

  “That is new...”

  “Yes, yes it is” He jumps back as he sees Stella come out of the building looking worse for wear, a few cuts and bruises like him.

  “What happened? Your mother-” 

  “Gone” He eyes her and asks.

  “Dead?” She shakes her head and points to the tree. Oh.

  “Yeah, I think eventually I will turn her back. At most so she can answer for her actions, but for now, this. I… understand why she did some of the things she did. I don't condone any of it, but I get it in a way. I can't sympathize with what she did to us, with what she tried to turn us into or the hurt she caused, but… I can give her fairness, something she never gave us and something she never got to have. So for now and until things settle a bit more here? I will let her stay like that. Once its over i suppose… a trial and a punishment fit for her”

  That is kinder than what he would have done in her position, but Stella is in charge, technically. And it is her mother and there are also her siblings to take into account, to see what they think.

  His thoughts are interrupted by her timidly asking if Peter was ok. He notices her giving the man further away looks. She seems to be trying to commit him to memory, after all it's been years since they last saw each other and Peter… looks very different due to several things.

  “Seeing as we can actually see the sky…” She gives him a tired and sour look. Elias sighs.

  “He is alive as you can see Stella, he is also.. a bit sick perhaps, leftovers of the curse, think he might have a fever to be honest. He looks… different yes, but it's him. Peter was really almost gone, if I hadn't managed to get there in time-” She swallows down hard and clutches her skirt a bit more tightly.

  “Missy guided me to him, your mother was keeping her away, Tim and Tadeas destroyed whatever sigil or rune was making her stay out. She is not bad, she… loves him a lot. I just want you to understand that. Peter broke the curse himself. It was a confession that he needed to say. Not an act of love or to be loved back, just… a confession of his feelings” Understanding, that's what he sees in her face.

  “Mordechai lost his wife, and then he rejected his lover until he killed himself. He wasn't close to any of his children, not in a meaningful way so he had no one to confess to, someone to tell that he loved them and mean it. That's why he died” And so the story finally makes sense.

  Context at last.

  “He didn't believe the witches, because-”

  “Because who was he supposed to say those words to?” They stare at the tree. Anna was a willow tree, just like the one near the mill, where the witches used to live.

  Mordechai punished the witches for his own lack of connections, it was unfair and it ruined their lives, it caused his family and the town to suffer. 

  Why did he refuse in life to say his feelings? Why did he not let a warning to his children about the curse so they could do it themselves was still unknown, but this at least was one less problem.

  
  
  

  Tim, Peter and Tadeas come closer and Stella shuffles nervously at seeing Peter. Elias bumps her shoulder.

  “Just… tell him what you told me, what you feel, he missed you, i know he did” Peter himself looked frightened at seeing his sister. Or if Elias was being honest, he looked like a child who didn't want to be scolded by his older sibling.

  Tim, Tadeas and himself leave them alone for a bit. He takes the time to hear what happened. Tadeas was able to free himself from the guard and try to look for Elias, on his way he found Tim.

  Tim got his message and warned Stella who told him to go while she looked for the diary, he refused but she insisted. If he was free he could help them all escape. Running away he found Tadeas who told him about the rune to keep Missy out, if they found it and caused enough damage, they would get a distraction and an ally to help Elias, Stella and Peter.

  Point is they did encounter it by sheer accident and Tim blew it up of course. It was in the throne room, that's why everyone was hurrying to put the fire out. 

  “Then we had to run from the guards, albeit fog did cover us from sight for a while” Missy then, she must have helped the two of them until she went to find Elias to guide him towards Peter.

  He explains what happened on his end and how the curse broke, to which both of them were like, we are idiots, how did we not think of that?

  “Clearly no one did, so I don't blame you. From what I understand about the history here, everyone started to get sick due to feelings, they must have misinterpreted it. Thinking that it was making them sick instead of…”

  “Getting ill due to denying their true feelings” At least that's what he especulates. Tim nods and after a moment claps his back. “You did it” And Elias would like to take the praise but…

  “No, i didn't, Peter did” Yet Tim shakes his head. Tadeas likewise sighs and says that Peter would have done it without him.

  “If Tim or I went in, he wouldn't have believed us. Wouldn't have said what he needed. You pushed him, in all the right ways to make him admit his feelings, it was both of you” At that Elias merely looks elsewhere.

  Maybe, maybe it was. At this point he doesn't know what to think, or feel, at most right now all Elias feels is relief and exhaustion. They will have to face everyone back at the castle now that Peter is safe. He will have to see what to do with Erebus and with Jon.

  If Gertrude spilled then its likely that by now people are aware of him. It makes him let out a tired breath. He could… just pretend he died. Peter’s promise of marrying and letting him rule Mooreland was there, but the thing is he doesn't want to ditch Opperior, he loves it.

  He doesn't want to leave the entire kingdom in disarray and to fend for themselves in a conflict that he started by accident-

  Or not, it wasn't Elias who started it, it was Maxwell. Now that is something he could try and spin in his favour. Still he will see what the situation is and then figure things out. He needs to more or less know what is going on before making hasty decisions.

  Elias watches over Peter and Stella and eventually sees her move closer and touch the taller man’s cheeks. After a beat she goes for a hug. Peter is stiff and his arms are uselessly up in the air, but eventually he seems to come to a decision because he hugs his sister, it looks painfully unsure at first, but eventually both of them are grabbing the other tightly.

  Tim, Tadeas and himself all turn around to give them a moment. God knows they need it.

  
  
  
  

  Peter is still reeling, more than anything he is moving due to adrenaline and Elias being there to push him forwards. The guards were a set back, being scrutinized by them in his new state wasn't… exactly his favourite thing.

  Being called Majesty and your highness made him want to throw up. He had grown used to being no one, so to be recognized for his actual title and position was weird. Especially considering that it basically meant nothing to them before. They followed his mother’s instructions, they let him be trapped in the tower. When he was a child the guards did that as well when he was grounded. Missy was the one who always got him out in the end. Not them.

  Threatening them was merely a bit of revenge, he wasn't planning to do anything, he wasn't in any state to do so. His magic was struggling a lot, he had to assume that it was doing its best to keep him stable. Peter was very close to dying then he was not.

  There is a clear distinction there, a void where the curse should be carved up in his skin, twisting and turning. But now it's gone and his magic must be doing its very best to fill in those spaces, which is of course what's making him feel so bad.
 
  But yes, backtracking a bit, Peter is not really pleased with them, but he manages at the best of his abilities to have them let them go. 

  As they go outside to the greenhouse, it slowly starts creeping down on him how his body feels sluggish and hot. At this rate by the time they go back to Opperior with Helen’s door he will probably pass out for a few days out of exhaustion.
 
  His sister is- Peter has no idea what to do when seeing Lydia, Elias did say she came too, just like Tim who keeps giving him relieved and annoyed looks. Probably angry at him going through with the whole insulting Elias thing behind his back.

  Tadeas is more tired and resigned, but in a way that also bothers Peter. It feels like a bit of judgement, and right now that he cannot handle it, he feels as if he was peeled raw. 

  She is staring at him under the open sunny sky, there is a giant tree breaking out of the greenhouse and she is 
  
    hurt
  
  -

  
    Why
  

  
    Why are Lydia and Elias hurt? 
  

  He feels his stomach turn, he doesn't like seeing either of them injured. There is a small mercy that Tim and Tadeas are ok as well, if he found them also hurt because of him, he wasn't sure how he would have felt or done.

  It wasn't worth it. He wasn't-

  … But who is he to say? Elias tried so hard to hammer down how much everyone cares, who is he to say what can or can not do? Elias and Tim already almost got killed saving him before from the circus. They value his life, even if Peter at the moment can't. 

  Its not like he wants to die, he was resigned to it for sure, and there were moments where he did consider speeding things up. He admits that to himself, but it's just so weird to know that there are others who would do anything to save him. To keep him with them.

  It is frightening and a bit humbling. It's just… odd to consider, to believe.

  Elias makes a motion for him to come closer and bumps shoulders with Lydia while saying something to her. It makes Peter wonder what happened between them while he was gone. A small, petty, childish part of him wants her to be away from Elias.

  Because Elias is his- his friend, he is the person he loves. Peter can't really say partner or boyfriend yet, there should be a longer conversation first for that. There are still so many things left they need to say for them to be a bit more.

  Again his stomach turns and he feels faint for a few seconds, then eventually he moves towards his sister to face her as Elias moves away to give them space.

  Peter… wants to say he hates her, but he knows that is a lie, the biggest one. He doesn't hate any of his siblings, he misses them and wonders why.

  
    Why leave me? Why help me now? What changed? What made me worthy now of your help, or was it pity? Guilty only?
  

  If that's the case he doesn't want to know.

  Once in front of her, he can't help but hunch his shoulders a bit, Lydia looks… different, but also just the same. She also reminds him of mother a bit and that makes him somewhat squeamish.

  “Hello” He was nervous, sue him, saying hello was the only thing that came to mind. Lydia stares at him, seemingly looking for something.

  “Hi” Its quiet and by god he wants to run away. “You look different” He should have expected that, he does. If the eyes, ears and teeth didn't give him away, then the hair and scars were dead giveaways that there was something wrong with him.

  Peter looked very, very different from the brother that she left.

  “Yeah, that… tends to happen when you eat fairy food and get sick” His sister doesn't flinch, but he sees her slump a bit.

  “Im sorry” Tilting his head to the side he wonders about what exactly, there are several things she could mean.

  “About?” 

  “Everything, I'm sorry about everything Peter. Of not trying harder to reach you, of listening to mother about leaving you alone… of not being able to ask you to come with us. Of not being there when you got sick, that was the last thing I wanted, for you to die. It still is, I can't imagine any of you getting hurt. Its why… its why we left. Mother had a diary with the curse-” She must see the confused face he makes because she amends “Its a long story. Point is, she knew how to fix this, and I realized that, but she threatened to imprison and hurt all of you if I said anything. She told me that if i told 
  
    you
  
  , Clara, Aaron and Judith would be punished or- or worse”

  And that he can see his mother do. She locked him up, why not get rid of them too? He understands that at least, it doesn't take away what happened.

  “I never wanted to leave you, but she made sure someone always followed me and I could never get you alone, ironically enough. I'm sorry. I swear I'm telling you the truth and- and we all missed you. We love you, we do. Judith was a mess when she told us that she saw you, that you were sick… and Aaron and the girls tried to find you once, we felt magic like the one at home back in Opperior. They didn't want to leave you i- i didn't tell them why we had to go, i was afraid that if mother caught us and they knew the punishment would be worse. It was my idea, if you want to be mad or hate someone im the one to blame not them”

  Peter has to take a few minutes to mull it over, its not that… he can't believe her, because in his heart he knows she is right, their mother would do that. Peter back when they were still there wasn’t approachable so he wouldn't notice. And there is also the fact that maybe, just maybe back then even if she did ask him to go, he would have refused.

  “I thought… that you all got tired of trying and just left me. Because… because I was doing what mother wanted and you resented me” She shakes her head so fast that he is afraid she might get sick herself.

  “No! No, please believe this at least, we love you, even if… we don't understand each other? Even if we were all forced and expected to be away from each other. We all love you and- and we wouldn't have stopped trying, because we know ok? We know you care, in your own way” Peter feels his face burn, he doesn't know if he can hear this, doesn't know if he can believe it, but his sister continues and gives him a pleading look, that forces him to swallow down and listen. Forces him to stay and watch as she hugs herself a bit.

  “-Letting Clara teach you how to use a sword even if you hated it, playing pranks with Aaron, sneaking into the kitchen to make something for Judith- and… and coming to my room to hear me read or watch me paint. It was small and quiet, but we knew you were trying too, in your own way. We knew and we love you, we always have! I'm sorry we left you, I will always regret it, forever. If you died… I would have never been able to live with myself, rabbit. I promise, all i wanted was- all i ever really wanted- I-” She starts to pick on the scratches she has. 

  Peter is floored and lost, Lydia has always been the calm one, the reliable one, the one that seemed the most level headed and… and dependable. She doesn't act out, she doesnt yell, she is-

  
    Not ok.
  

  None of them were ever ok. He just never noticed or more like he didn't want to notice. Easier to pretend things were ok.

  Carefully he holds her wrists and pulls them away so she stops scratching herself.

  “I believe you, or I'm starting to at least, i realize that… I don't have the best frame of reference regarding what people may think of me. I always assume the worst because I think the worst of myself, so I can't understand when someone says good things about me. Lydia, look, I think I see what you mean, and i… I was wrong too. I assumed too much and did very little. So how about we start again?” She stares at him now with wide eyes.

  And yes, she looks a lot like their mother, but Lydia is much more caring than her. Its plain as day to see.

  He smiles, tiredly mind you, but he does and she slowly mimics him.

  “Hi, I'm Peter, I know we don't know a lot about each other, but… maybe we can try this time? Without mother or the curse messing it up” Lydia slowly nods, he releases her wrists, but she lifts her hands and cups his face making him stiffen.

  “Hi, I'm Lydia, but I really like to be called Stella. I would love to try and get… get to know you better this time if you want” And his sister's skin is a bit cooler, or maybe Peter is just feverish and that's why he leans into her palms and nods. 

  She hugs him, Peter is stiff as a board but slowly puts his hands around her.

  “Welcome back rabbit, i missed you” He blinks a few times, not because he was trying to cover up tears, god no, he already cried enough. 

  “i-” He hesitates, but ultimately, he realized that life is short and right now? There was no reason to lie. “I missed you too, all of you” He feels a bit lighter after that. Lydia-

  Well Stella, chokes a wet laugh.

  “Good to know. Heh, you really do look like a rabbit now. The hair, it looks nice on you, its different but its you and… that's enough” Oh-

  He tightens the hug. Peter doesn't have to be more does he? He is enough as it is. For her, for Elias, for… everyone else too. 

  He is enough and that's ok.

  There are things to be done in Mooreland, Stella tells him she will stay, with their mother now a… tree?

  “You have magic?” She gives him an amused glance.

  “Just like you, just like her. She gave me lessons, she didn't teach you because… you had Missy and your magic was a bit more wild” Peter always assumed that his magic came from eating the fairy food, when he says as much she laughs a bit.

  “Oh Peter, that only made it more powerful, but you already had it. Why do you think animals like you so much? Or why did the fog answer to your moods? It wasn't the curse, it was you, that was your magic” She seemed almost proud, somehow it made him feel a bit embarrassed.

  “Huh”

  With their mother being a tree someone needs to stay to keep things in check, the queen being gone and the curse being broken meant a lot of work. Peter wants to go back home, to Opperior with Elias and the others. But…

  “Ly- Stella, just one thing, if… things go poorly in Opperior with Elias, i offered marrying and letting him be king here” She frowns and he feels himself tense up, he doesn't want to fight her for the throne, he doesn't want it, not for himself anyways.

  “That's- that's ok. If you want it, you can have it. I'm not going to fight you over that. I promise, until things settle I will look after the place. There are a lot of things that I'm going to have to deal with. Speaking of, you probably should go with the others. Word will run out and people are going to want to see you. I can only imagine the horror of that” And it is a horror, it makes him break out in hives, what a horrible thing.

  “Stay in my house if you want, won't be able to use it for a while anyways. I- the others-” He sighs, he will deal with them.

  “I will try to talk to them, thank you… Stella” She smiles, small and broken but its a smile.

  
  
  

  They should go, Peter still feels sick, but Tim reminds their group that he has to look for Martin as well.

  “Need to know if he is… for Sasha. And if he is fine we will take him back” Peter has hazy memories of Martin and Micheal taking him away. Elias looks like he would rather suck on a lemon than pick up Martin, but Tim gives him a look and the blonde king relents..

  He wonders why, usually he never listens to Tim. Tadeas offers to guide him to the dungeons and so its Elias, Stella and himself.

  There is also the matter with… Missy. Peter wants to actually talk with her before going, so he asks if anyone saw her, to which he gets a few looks between his sister and Elias who more or less explain what happened. 

  Elias was the one who saw her last, as she was the one who guided him to his room.

  “She wasn't there when we left” Lydia has a more pessimistic outlook that has Peter clench his fists.

  “Do you think she left? Now that she is not bound to this place?” And he doesn't know, Elias has no answer either.

  “I don't think she would, I mean, she wanted Peter to be safe, i don't think she would go without… saying anything” Still even Elias sounds unsure and that doesn't make him feel any better. 

  “Can’t you see if she is here with your…?” His partner hesitates but says he will try. 

  Be as it may, In the end it doesn't work.

  “Its like when i tried to read any of your thoughts, like a wall, only this one is even worse, and i can't even pinpoint where is the void in my awareness” That is… upsetting. He thinks of her just leaving. Making sure Peter lives and then going away, without another word, its not fair, not really. 

  It makes him think that she really didn't… but no, she cares. In her own way she does and Peter knows that. It still hurts, but he did leave her first, so he surmises this is payback in a way.

  Eventually he had to sit on the ground for a bit since he was getting very, very dizzy. When Tim and Tadeas finally come back, they have tired and grimm looks. So it seems that Martin really didn't make it in the end.

  He feels a bit guilty, after all if he had been braver earlier this wouldn't have happened. It makes him feel bad, and thinking about Sasha’s reaction makes it worse. Even if he did kidnap him, Martin was the other woman’s friend. And Pasha cared about her.

  
    Stupid and complicated feelings.
  

  Its a bit more somber when they eventually decide to head back, Tadeas tells him he will stay, when asked he simply shrugs and says that Stella will be swarmed and that someone has to help with the mess, that actually knows what is going one. Plus, the ones working at the castle know him, enough to listen to him.

  Elias frowns and tells him that it's ok, that if any of them want to drop by, quickly draw a door with chalk and knock three times. Helen will open.

  “Also, I suppose I should tell Miss Zampano of your decision?” Peter gives a confused look. Tim snickers and Tadeas-

  Huh? He flushes a bit and looks embarrassed elsewhere.

  “I will appreciate it, also, i do intend to go back, i left my things there and… well I promised to go get some coffee with her” Elias narrows his eyes but after a beat sighs.

  “You better, she deserves something nice after all her efforts” He feels like he missed something important. He was mildly aware that Tadeas seemed to hold Rosie in high regards, so this is puzzling. Just what happened in the week that he was gone?!

  Peter kept looking around as they walked to the door that supposedly Helen and Micheal? Made for them to go back. The town without the fog was odd. 

  Or well… some parts of it still had it, they stared on their way to the mill. Part of him knows, even if he is not sure why that fog will probably never leave. Same with the forest, there the fog is still the same, he supposes that due to all the magic creatures living there and adapting the place to their needs that will never go back to what it used to be. Speaking of-

  
    “You came back!”
  

  
    “Peter is back, yes! He is home!!”
  

  
    “Do you have candies? We want sweet apples, gimme, gimme!!”
  
   Pixies were tangled up in his hair talking and giggling as they asked him for things.

  “I don't, I'm sorry, we have to go-” They make sad little chirps.

  
    “But you just got here, we miss you, no one came to play with us since you left”
  
   Tim, just like with the ones back in Opperior, tries to charm the pixies. Albeit this time they all gasp and hide in his hair. He can feel them shake above his head.

  
    “Too- too bright, too much, is scary”
  
   He can't help but chuckle at the affronted look of the man. Elias laughs outright at him, which makes his friend pout and complain.

  “Not, fair, the ones back home were all over me giving me kisses!” And that-

  Right, he made everyone fall asleep, Peter didn't know how to wake them up. He stops and gently picks up one of the pixies anxiously. She laughs and nuzzles his hand, it makes him smile, he hopes he can do something for them. If not he will see if anyone knows what to do.

  The town is… not full of sound, but its livelier, as if people were waking up from a nap and just were slowly taking the world in. He can't blame them for still looking dazed, or looking shocked at the open sky. He is still looking around and not connecting that this place is Mooreland, that the fog is mostly gone. 

  Two Hundred years is a lot of time for a curse and magic to take roots in a place. It will never be fully normal, but he hopes its better at least. The glowing flowers looked very pretty under the sun, they shimmered even more. The water that usually looked grey or white, now actually seemed to be properly blue. It was astounding the change that this brough.

  It kind of makes him want to see more but at the same time he wants to leave. People stare at them. Peter feels seen and ashamed, he looks very odd, he even sees that his cheeks flush in a mix of red and blue due to the reflection of the water.

  He looks very freaky. He will get another glamour ring, to at least apparent a more human form. That will help, Elias says he looks handsome, but… he can't quite believe him, maybe before, but now? Peter looks much less human than he should.

  As they move, he keeps an eye around, to catch that spark of color, of the light blue dress and black hair of the one person he wants to see. Everyone wears duller colors in comparasition, they always have. Missy stood out as a beacon of color in a grey world. But now he can't seem to find her at all. 

  It leaves him with a heavy heart. 

  
    Did she really leave? 
  

  They reach the mill. The willow tree looks exactly like the one in the greenhouse, the little isle was covered in fog and even the sky seemed cloudy in this part of the town. The tree was slowly bleeding, and the nooses hanging on its branches swayed. They were frayed and rotten, he is surprised they even lasted this long.

  For a moment he hears echoes of screams and he turns nervously to the rest who have their own pinched looks. Elias' hand interlaces their fingers and holds him tight.  He is cooler than Peter. The door was wide open. With a last look behind the tree, the town and the far away castle Peter takes a breath and steps inside the corridor with the others.

  
  
  

  Elias doesn't stop holding Peter’s hand. He is still afraid that at one point or another it will disappear. That the man will simply vanish from under his fingers, from his gaze, that he will be nothing but smoke and air.

  The hallways are in a straight line, Helen must have prepared them to take them directly, unlike before.

  Tim is next to them, asking Peter questions, the man looks still a bit dazed, but seems to catch himself when Timothy speaks. Elias is too tired to think of something to say or keep a conversation, he needs to save up his head for the castle. That's where things will start to go badly for him. He prays he can manage to scrounge up a solution.

  He really, really does. He hopes that Jon didn't mess up, that everyone isn't going insane over what happened with Maxwell. God if only.

  Peter sways and Elias steadies him. The taller man gives him a tired and thankful look, it makes him want to drag him down to kiss him. To hold him close. There are so many things that Elias wants with Peter… but he cant have all of them now.

  Eventually they reach the end of the hallway. They open the door and they are back inside the table room, no one else is there to greet them. Elias hurries Peter and Tim inside and quickly closes the door. 

  Despite wanting to hold onto Peter and not letting go for the next week. He carefully pulls his fingers away from him, releasing his hand. With a sigh, he turns to Tim and asks him to take Peter to his ship, so he can rest there for a bit while Elias goes to see everyone and assess the damage.

  “But-” Peter tries to protest, but he shakes his head at him.

  “You are too tired and sick. I need to see how everything is going today, I can't waste more time. Whatever it is, I have to face it now. Once I see how things are going you can come back and get doctor Elliot to check you out” Tim frowns and steps closer to Elias.

  “What about you? You are hurt as well” Elias shrugs.

  “A bit more credence to the whole i was missing cause i got trapped under the tunnels” Neither man seems to like that one bit, but he really doesn't have the time to deal with them. Elias takes a deep breath and checks for the safest route for them to go outside. 

  Once he knows, he goes towards Tim and kisses his forehead, then he does the same to Peter.

  “There, you have ten minutes, make it count ok?”

  Both men have a dazed look for a few seconds, so he takes his shot and walks outside, making his way to the throne room, where he managed to catch sight of Simon, Gertrude and Rosie.

  
    Fuck.
  

  
  

  Entering the throne room was nerve wracking, of course he plays it off, he has to, but it still doesn't make him any less anxious. Gertrude looked… bad. She had burn scars all over half of her face and body, Rosie covered her mouth at seeing him, Simon had a sharp look trained on him.

  “Hello” Gertrude looks him up and down with a surprised face.

  “You are very alive for someone who was trapped under the ground for a week” Cheeky and sharp.

  “Well, to be honest there is an actual explanation as to my survival and… time out from reaching the castle” Simon and Rosie start to walk slowly towards him, but Gertrude snaps at them to stay still.

  Even Simon relents, which is honestly proof of this woman’s presence.

  “Then explain, we are all ears” And he wonders if Rosie broke and told her, if that is why she is so mad right now. That once again Elias chose to save Peter over the kingdom, if this is giving her more reason to replace him with Jonathan.

   The final proverbial nail on the coffin of his ruling.

  “Me and Pasha found the center of the tunnels, we waited till it was filled up and swam up, unfortunately it was too deep and I couldn't hold my breath. Opal… the sea serpent, yes i know that you are aware of her Gertrude. She picked me up and took me to the beach where I was found and helped by a few citizens. Unfortunately I was out of it for days. A mix of almost drowning and also the cold water at night left me very ill. Plus scraped” Gertrude stares impassively.

  “I can believe part of that, but… that's not quite it is it?” Curse this woman. Elias keeps his face impassive.

  “I am here aren't i? What does the rest matter now? I believe there are a few more pressing matters concerning a certain kingdom, that is going to be rightfully mad at their king’s death on foreigners land”

  That at least has her hesitate.

  “Elias…” It's Simon and Rosie who give him knowing looks, so to assuage them he nods minutely at them and offers a tired smile. Rosie lets out a breath and Simon stares at the door and at him seemingly wanting to go and find a certain prince.

  “Well, seeing as I'm here… I suppose I should start working towards fixing this whole misunderstanding and calming down the other monarchs. Simon? Seeing as this is official work I will be seeing you later. Reckon you should take a walk down the beach to… think” The man nods at him and walks quickly to the door. Leaving him alone with the two woman.

  Elias sighs, this will take a long while.

  “Sir- those cuts, perhaps we should go to the healing ward first and then-” 

  “Miss Zampano, do you mind waiting outside?” Gertrude shoots her a look and Rosie stiffens. Looking between her and ELias, eventually she hesitates but he sees her stand straight and look at Gertrude head on.

  “With all due respect, I work for the king. Sir, should I go?” And he feels a bout of pride at that, at seeing her stand up for herself and him. Gertrude has an annoyed look that ends up in resignation.

  “You should stay, I'm going to need help and I don't want to repeat myself. As for your request… Once we are done here I will get patched up and then meet up with the others. So lets talk and make a plan ok?” Both nod so with a sigh he asks for the situation at hand.

  Rosie informs him that everyone staying at the castle is unsure about what happened, the town is being rebuilt with people collaborating to help fix up the streets and broken up buildings. 

  “Erebus has sent messages already requesting for answers, apparently information travels fast and… they want answers. Miss Dominguez is outraged” A headache after another.

  “I told everyone here of what happened in the tunnels, at least the sanitized version of it, omitting… certain parts. Plus, we found the proof of Maxwell having a love potion in his possession, something that everyone found very distasteful. Not only that but the dark beast body was found in the rubble, meaning that my claims were not unfounded about his attack against us. I managed to do damage control, enough so that we have everyone on our side. However with you gone things were looking rather grimm. Plus… there was a rumour of the missing prince running around” Her face was pinched.

  “Oliver has been managing things while you were gone along with Gertrude sir, just like you requested in case of emergency” At least Elias has that going on for him. “He seems well received and managed to keep the other’s from panicking and calling this a trap. Albeit general Jude kept insisting there was something wrong”

  Ugh.

  “Thank you Rosie. Now, where is Jonathan? I thought you might try to do something with his presence Gertrude” She looks elsewhere with an annoyed look.

  “I don't know, no one has seen him. Him or Gerard. Not even Miss James seems to be aware of their location” That is very bad.

  “I see… ok. From what you told me, things in town are going rather well in terms of repairs-”

  “Everyone is worried sir, about you. We tried to say you were injured, but people were already assuming the worst” He paces and pinches the bridge of his nose.

  “Ok, i should appear in public soon to dissuade any doubts and request patience while explaining about the explosion. We will say there was a mishandle of magic that set off the destruction of a series of tunnels that were built under Opperior hundred of years ago. They finally collapsed due to it and caused this whole thing. I was there with Gertrude checking them out when it happened, hence my disappearance. I was knocked unconscious for this week”

  Fixing things with town is easy, now this is the tricky part.

  “Seeing as I have a lot of new allies and that due to the efforts of Oliver and you two to keep the kings and queens on my side… we will tell Manuela a short version of what happened. We will also imply that starting a war now, considering the bad reputation that Maxwell amassed with everyone  along with the indisputable proof of his actions would be foolish, especially as she is the new de facto queen. And starting a war against us and all of our allies when Erebus is currently in a very bad place with most of them would be suicidal”

  Yes, that sounds good enough.

  “We will also extend a hand in peace, to keep this under wraps. It will esentially give us the moral high ground for not holding a grudge despite the attempts at drugging and murder. Erebus is currently alone in all fronts, so by giving it a bit of help we will paint ourselves as better. Manuela has a better vision than Maxwell when it comes to science, we can cajole her into helping with our plans and also offering aid. She won't deny that”

  “Sir isn't that a bit too risky?” Rosie doesn't seem to like the idea, but Gertrude nods.

  “That could work fairly well, but there is the matter with the throne. As of now, there is a bit of an issue with your position that Manuela could use to undermine you and sow a seed of discord among people” 

  He grimaces.

  “Jonathan and his claim to be king, doing all of this is ok, but if she starts to play hard into me not being a rightful heir when the real one is just walking around…”

  “People might try to take advantage of that. There are those who would just to cause strife” He knows Agnes wouldn't, but her council wouldn't mind joining Erebus just to mess with him.

  Arthur, Diego and Jude would absolutely plot and if the rumour is already running is likely it will reach them soon. 

  “We will proceed as I said. Jonathan either publicly concedes the throne to me or…” 

  “He dies” Rosie makes a strangled noise at Gertrudes casual tone.

  It is the sad truth, not even disappearance would work now, people would look for him, use him as a starting point to get rid of him if push came to shove. Jonathan either gives him the throne willingly or he dies to become an example. Now that the cat is out of the proverbial bag there is no other way to deal with this than that.

  “We will get there when we get there. First we find him and we talk things through, he is not an unreasonable man. Now, order of things. I will get patched up, Rosie? I want you to inform everyone that I'm fine and doing well. Gertrude… you are a main witness to everything therefore you will come with me to talk with the royals. Once that is done, we will dispatch letters to Erebus immediately. I want everyone to look for Jonathan and bring him here to discuss matters. No harm will befall him understood? Let's make this day as productive as possible” 

  Even as he says that, before they can start to move to work, Gertrude asks for what really happened to him. Elias sighs.

  “Short version because there is still so much to do”

  And so he tells her. About the prophecy, about Peter and Jonathan. About going to save Peter and releasing Mooreland from the curse and having a new queen.

  “I will marry Peter, therefore making an official alliance with Mooreland” He tries to be as matter of factly as possible. Rosie has a nervous face through all of it. He mentions Martin’s death and explains gently that Tadeas had to stay to help Lydia until things calmed down, but that he would return when he could.

  “Let me see if i understand correctly” Here it goes, Gertrudes face was possibly murderous.

  “Instead of coming back you lied and chose to go save him, again. Leaving the place and your responsibilities up to the air?” Elias gives him the darkest and agriest look he had.

  “Let me remind you this, if Peter died because I failed to help him, Simon would have cut ties with us completely. Mooreland would be unattainable still. Things would all have started to go downhill from there. RIght now, I have the position, allies and backing up that I need to keep this whole thing afloat. I also happen to have a fiance and an ally in a kingdom who is richer than us and will consider me partially their saviour for helping their prince to stop the curse that has been killing them for 200 years Gertrude. I think my little gamble paid off spectacularly if i say so. And do I have to remind you as well that I laid you off too? Once this is over, you are going to retire. Keeping the peace this time is your last job”

  He is barely keeping himself together, he is still reeling from everything, from almost losing Peter.

  “I will also not hear you complain about him ever again, unless you want me to change your retirement to a nice lovely stay in the dungeons until you bite the dust” Elias is furious and exhausted. “So insult my fiance again and lets see how does that end up for you”

  The room is quiet as he tries to calm down again, losing his sense like that wont be good at all, but he is still tightly coiled after everything. Too soon and too much.

  “...Fine, but you better make this work Elias, i won't stand for failure, not for this” 

  “Me neither, I'm not giving up this kingdom, to you, Erebus or anyone. I spilled blood, tears and sweat on this place, I won't let it be taken away. It's 
  
    mine
  
  ”

  Elias loves Opperior, the castle, the town, the people even if it's in an abstract way. He loves them and he will keep them safe, because he is possessive and obsessive and he wont have what he considers his taken away from under his nose. Not without a fight.

  It makes him realize that as lovely as Peter’s offer to let him rule Mooreland instead was, Elias would have never been able to do it. Not really, he loved this place too much.

  “That's better, that's what I wanted to hear. Go get cleared up and check on your boyfriend, i will set up a meeting” Getrude gets up and walks away, somehow he feels as if passed a test of sorts?

  Rosie waits until the older woman is gone, before coming closer and hugging him. After a moment she steps back flustered.

  “Sorry sir, i was-” He laughs a bit.

  “No, no it 's ok. I get it. Do you mind coming with me to the infirmary please?” And she nods before linking up their arms. These next three days will be a nightmare. But at least now he has a plan and allies on his side. He thinks that if something like this happened two years ago, Elias would have been thrown to the wolves.

  He is glad that is not the case anymore, Elias has people at his side.

  Funny how something small can change everything. How an unexpected meeting could create such a ripple.

  
  
  
  

  Peter lays in bed on the ship, Tim already gave him the scolding of his life, the man was in fact still fuming about it as he paced back and forth in front of him. In a way he feels terrible about it, on the other he can't, not because he doesn't feel guilty, but because at the time it made perfect sense to him.

  He was afraid, he was selfish, he was hurt and scared and he did what an animal does when their leg is stuck in a trap and had nothing going on for them except desperation.

  He tried to bite it off to get free. In this case it translated into hurting and leaving everyone he knew and cared for behind.

  “I can't apologize Tim, I did what I thought was best with what little I knew and… with how afraid I was. I'm sorry I got everyone involved and that I hurt you, I am. But I did what I thought was right. Elias is the one that I owe an apology because I did actively harm him but-” That has the man turn to him and snap.

  “And you think you didn't hurt the rest of us?! Helen, Pasha and I? Maybe you didn't say anything to us, didn't manage to, but you think we didn't suffer as well? We were in it together and you refused to let us help you, to let us think about more options- You left us behind, you- you left us…” Tim sits on the floor against the bed, he sees him cover his face with both hands.

  “I'm tired Peter, I'm tired of losing my friends and family. I know you all managed to come back to me, but do you think it doesn't hurt to see the people you love disappear between your fingers? I thought for a moment that all of you were dead, Danny, Sasha, Elias and you. You beat the odds, but it doesn't take away the pain and time I spent feeling sick with your absence or loss. Thinking about what if I did something different? What if I stopped Danny from going into the forest, what if I didn't fight with Sasha, what if I went to check on you sooner or after Elias gave me those awful memories? Once I calmed down, I checked on him because it was obvious he was doing terribly?”

  Peter is left speechless for a moment.

  “Im tired man, i'm tired of losing things, even if they come back they all take a part of me in the process. It feels like I fail being a protector. Smiling and joking can only get me so far, I'm tired and angry, so, so angry… Even now, I failed to get Martin back, what do I tell Sasha? His friend kidnapped you and I couldn't even bring him back to her to tell her why, to give her any kind of closure. No matter what i lose, i dont get why Elias wants me to be his new general, i'm a failure”

  He didn't think… he did not consider that, in his mind the ones who would be hurt the most would be Pasha and Elias. It was stupid to think otherwise, or to not consider that Tim would feel terrible about any of it.

  Tim cares, he knows how people feel, he… is a better friend than he deserves.

  “I didn't know… Saying sorry now would be meaningless, I understand that, I do. I don't know how to have friends, how to not hurt people. I'm trying, but its hard, and I get it that you are angry, you have every right to be and you don't have to stop or forgive anything. I'm never going to ask you that. Know that… I am sorry, because I am and that I want to be better, that I will 
  
    try to
  
  , because you are my friend and if you are upset… even if I'm the most awkward person ever to tell it to, you can? And for Sasha… Can I go with you? Or she came here. I dont know im kind of nauseous to be honest. But I will tell her with you. I know it's not much but it's what i can offer, i hope it's something” He is not prone to this, but he feels like he needs it, so he carefully holds Tim’s hand while he looks at him with a surprised face.

  “It's going to be ok, because… i want to believe so and because i think it will” Tim stares and then laughs and after a beat he cries a bit more, Peter looks a bit anxiously, but his friend does not release his hand instead he tightens his hold from time to time.

  “I'm still mad and… I don't think I forgive you or Elias for what he did to me. But it doesn't mean I want to stop being friends with either of you, I love you both and I don't want to lose that, it just means that you two will have to work a bit harder with me to keep things well. And… Thank you for the offer. I really appreciate it buddy. Despite everything? I'm happy you are alive, I really am” He takes what Tim says and keeps it in mind, in his heart, it's fair and he respects it.

  “Ok, i get it. And…” He braves himself, he wants to say it, because its true. Because as it has been proven before there will be no punishment for it and its not wrong of him to say.

  “You are my friend and- and i lo-love you too. I do. Thank you for bullying me into being friends Tim”

  Its funny how Timothy’s face goes into a perfectly surprised expression, his mouth even makes a nice little O.

  He tries to not laugh.

  Their talk after is a bit more calm, Tim tells him he has been taking care of Captain and Duchess, both animals were looking for their owners with the most depressed and morose moods ever. They talk a bit more as Peter feels more and more tired, until eventually its quiet again.

  Tim likes his new look, says it looks very cool. 

  He disagrees but that's a personal belief.

  Before Peter manages to get into a small nap, someone knocks at the door making him tense up. Tim has his staff already clutched tightly.

  “Yes?” 

  “Its me lad! Well us, My lovely sky is here and… this little bundle of energy as well” Peter hears a familiar chirp that has his heart feel like it's being ripped out of his chest.

  
    Pasha.
  

  
    Simon, Pasha and likely Titania.
  

  He gives Tim a panicked look, but he shakes his head at him. 

  “You have to, you can take a nap after. I will stay up to keep guard, they won't hurt you, they missed you, trust me” And at this point Peter does, so he merely nods and moves to sit up as Tim opens the door and lets Simon, Titania, who has to crouch down significantly, and-

  “DADDY!!!!” He has never been happier about being almost choked to death by a black goop of a shape shifter. Pasha launches herself to his face, practically smothering him. Peter flails a bit until he manages to grab her and pulls her off before chucking her to the wall. She slides over it and starts to laugh and crawl back to him with a big smile and multiple eyes.

  “Daddy, daddy- you are back Pasha missed you, she loves you. Please don't leave us again. Eye got hurt and- and she was scared and-” And by the time he picks her up she is crying and sobbing against his hands. He holds her like one would with a baby against his chest while shushing her to the best of his abilities. Eventually she starts to hiccup and after a few more minutes she slumps against him and starts to bubble up. He adjusts his hands as she becomes a little girl again.

  With a new pair of arms she holds his neck tightly and hides her face against him. Peter is still exhausted and feeling very sick, but he does his best to make sure she calms down. He owes her that at the very least.

  It also helps to not freak out about the two other people in the room, seeing as Tim had already gone upstairs.

  Peter is pointedly not looking at Simon or Titania, but rather at Pasha who talks against him about being scared and of Elias being hurt? The man didn't tell him yet what happened on the days Peter went missing so that little piece of info was messing with his head a bit. 

  All he knows is that Maxwell tried to use a love potion, that he tried to kill Elias in the tunnels and that Pasha had been there as well. Then at some point his sister met with them and they went to get him.

  Too much information is missing for his taste.

  “Shh, it's ok, I'm here. Elias got me back, see? It's ok I promise, it will all be ok now…” Peter wants to think so at least.

  The silence is smothering and he is surprised Simon hasn't said anything yet, or Titania, he is used to them being brash and open about everything, even if they shouldn't.  

  He is too afraid to look up to be honest.

  In the end it is Pasha that breaks the ice.

  “Grandma was taking care of me… Grampa Simon too! They told me stories about daddy…” And at that his face falls a bit and he manages a searching look up.  Both Simon and Titania were staring at him searchingly. It makes his skin itch to be seen.

  “That's very nice of them, I was back in Mooreland, it was very… lonely without you” He decides to settle on that, can't think how to even begin to explain to her how close he was to dying. 

  “...Daddy… looks different” And he flinches a bit, he doesn't want to, he really doesn't, but the more he tries to hide his inhuman aspects the more his stomach hurts. Peter has to assume that he is so tired and sick that he can't manage the control necessary to keep himself at bay.

  It's even worse because he thinks there might be a few more things wrong with him, it's just that he didn't have the time or energy to check back in the castle.He didn't eat any more fairy food to complete the process, he knows that. But it's like he was still changing a bit and he doesn't know why. He is slowly becoming more and more bizarre looking and he wonders if its like with Jane, that eventually something will take a hold of him.

  Peter’s hands hurt and when he looks down his nails seem to be a bit sharper and his skin was turning more blue by the moment.

  God-

  He wants to be alone now, he really can't do this now, maybe if he just pulls a bit he can-

  “-addy?!”

  “Lad, take a breath okay? If you keep that up you might get stuck, and there are only a few more changes you can get at this rate. Mimsy really didn't explain anything to you huh? She really thought i could do it instead” Simon plopped himself next to him, his usual happy smile was more tired, he looked older.

  It was the eyes of course, but still.

  “I don't understand-”

  “My open sky means that if you keep seeing yourself like a monster or freak, you will start looking like one. Your magic works with emotions, more than most. So calm down, some things seem to be permanent, but so what? Look at Simon! Does my little sky look any less handsome with a few changes? No. He is perfect” Titania drags a chair next to the bed and sits to finally fit the room.

  As nice as that is… Peter still has things unsaid.

  “You knew? That she was the one who casted the curse. Did you know what she was feeding me? That she thought i couldn't break it-”

  “Stop” Titania pinches the bridge of her nose. Simon turns to him fully.

  “I knew she casted the curse, she never told me about the food, not until you were already gone. As for that last one-”

  “She did, at first, but you were six Peter, things change, feelings change. She devoted herself to you, she loves you from the bottom of her heart, she always has. We aren't human, our love is not defined like yours, we take what we want and do as we please, there are rules of course, but ultimately? A fairy is honest to itself. We don't do halves, we live in ultimatums. There is no gray area, its black and white. If she wanted you dead, you would be, instead what she wanted was for you to live, she raised you and cherished you to the best of her abilities. Mimsy loves you like her son” Titania’s voice is gentle, the most gentle he recalls it ever being.

  Its hard to swallow, he knows it of course, he just didn't want to face it. 

  “It doesn't take away what she did to me, I didn't choose this like Simon did. She did it for me yes, but even if her intentions were good it wasn't fair at all”

  At that neither say anything. Pasha presses her cheek against his chest.

  “Pasha loves daddy and Eye. If she knew someone was going to hurt them she would try to eat them, does that make her bad?” He doesn't even hesitate.

  “No, not at all, kid. But it's not the same, it would be like… like if i decided to turn you human without telling you. Maybe you want to, maybe you think you would want to be one, one day, but I don't ask you, I just do it without any warning. Do you think that would be fair to you?”

  Pasha looks up at him, he finally sees her face, different from when they first met, but hers all the same.

  “Pasha would be upset, if daddy didn't ask me first” Nodding, he pressed his forehead against her.

  “Yeah…” It takes him a moment to continue his talk with the other adults.

  “I told Elias that I didn't want you to see me. Because I thought you would send me back. And I was happy here and also… I didn't want to die stuck in a covered sky, I wanted to actually see the stars for once in my life. And- and i was upset, because i thought you two knew and were on it too and that you didn't care at all” Pasha rubs her head against his.

  “Sorry kiddo, you shouldn't have to hear this…” She makes a sad little noise and clings to him harder.

  “Won't leave you, not again, daddy does silly stuff otherwise” At that he chuckles and pulls his hair back a bit from his face.

  “Yeah, i do a lot of silly stuff, silly dumb stuff…” Peter is a certified mess, one who already ruined everything and still hurts people. Being alone at least meant there was no one to disappoint or worry.

  Swallowing a bit he offers what little he does know to Titania, because he knows she cares.

  “The curse broke, I didn't get to see her when we left. Elias was the last one who talked with Missy. We aren't even sure if she is still there but… the sky is clear. You can go look for her if you want” The old fairy queen nods slowly, but doesn't move, puzzling him.

  “Don't you want to-” She shakes her head.

  “Simon and Mimsy were not the only ones who missed you. And knowing her as i do… even if i tried to look for her i wouldn't be able to find her. She is good at keeping herself hidden. She probably... “ Titania hesitates, making him nervous. “She probably will stay away from humans for a long while”

  He wants to ask and protests, but one look has him close his mouth shut. There is something thunderous in her expression that makes him unable to speak. Simon for his part finally joins in the conversation again.

  “I wouldn't have, you know? It kind of offends me that you thought I would send you back to Anna, but I will give you the benefit of being under a lot of stress. Peter, we do care about you, we were all heartbroken at knowing you were gone, that you were sick and likely dying. We thought… we thought that you would disappear alone without knowing how much anyone would miss you”

  Simon is surprisingly serious and it's really making him want to have the sea swallow him down. Instead he merely changes the position his arms are holding Pasha to do something. The girl stays quiet and merely rubs her face against his chest, right over his heart.

  “I can’t say I'm sorry for leaving like I did, because… that would mean regretting getting here and meeting everyone. But I am sorry for causing you any distress, I was angry. Now i'm just tired and… realizing my actions had more severe consequences then i imagined for the people around me” 

  Peter messed up badly.

  “I never wanted anyone to be upset about me being gone, I just… figured no one would care enough. And those who did, I could make them hate me… just so they would be sad about me being gone” He rubs circles around Pasha’s back as she makes a bunch of sad chirps and chitters.

  Her tail hits the bed and his leg in a constant thump. 

  “We love you foggy one, we will be sad no matter what”

  “Little duckling is right. Despite everything, we care, even if we aren't the best at showing it, me and Titania, we missed you and we were sad. Weird as it may sound to you, despite my age there are people that I do still miss, I don't forget everyone and move on. Those that matter, I keep them by, the castle is full of paintings of all of them. It's why I wanted those cameras to take pictures of memories. There is just so much I can recall on my own to paint” 

  He did wonder about that, but Peter didn't think that was the reason why he kept the paintings or the pictures. It makes sense. He also doesn't know how to feel about the admittance that they missed him.

  “You are my family, the closest thing I have to a nephew or son. I'm not mad at you, or disappointed, I'm glad that you did get to live for yourself and explore the world. I do think is hilarious that you and Elias got together, but its plain as day that you love each other like me and my beloved stormy sky” 

  Peter is still not good with feelings, so at SImon’s words he is left a bit speechless, he wants to say something, but ultimately any confession would feel awkward and stupid on his mouth. So he goes with the closest thing he can manage at the moment.

  “You are too, family I mean. My happiest memories in Mooreland were because of you two and Missy. And… my siblings who i will have to face eventually. Speaking of, Lydia is taking charge of the kingdom, she um turned mom into a tree temporarily”

  Both them stare at him for a moment, then at each other and finally they break into laughter.

  “Oh- oh that's so ironically funny. Yes i knew your sister had a wicked sense of humor, hahahaha” Titania was practically cackling. Peter is going to refrain from explaining the worst of what happened. To be honest he likes this sort of peace they have now and Simon knowing would break it.

  “But yes, we love you. And Missy… She adores you too. We will help you in any way we can Peter. You and Elias… and of course this little duckling” Pasha waves at Titania who gives the two of them a fond look.

  Still he thinks its too easy, too forgiving in composition to Tim, to ELias even, yes he knows he said he understands but Peter is not a fool. He knows him enough to realize that there are still things left to be said.

  “Aren't you more… angry at me? This feels too easy, I-” Simon pats his back a few times.

  “How can we be angry at you for wanting to get out of an awful situation? I'm more furious at your mother for putting you and the others in the position she did. Am I a bit hurt that you thought we would give you up? Sure, but again I do get it. No, we aren't mad, or disappointed. We were just worried and now here you are! A bit worse for wear, but alive nonetheless. You made friends, you fell in love, you found a little one to look after- You made yourself a life”

  “How can we be mad at you being happy?” Titania flickers his nose and brushes some of his hair out of his face gently. 

  “Now, you are looking a bit sick. So we should let you sleep. If I hear anything about Mimsy I will let you know ok? If you need help or anything we will be here”

  And it feels so nice, so, so impossibly nice to hear. To know that in the end he could always have counted with them and that despite everything they still care.

  “Thank you” He tries to not let his voice break too much. As Simon gets up Peter does recall something very important.

  “I'm going to marry Elias. Not- not now, but uh soon, because i-” He already said it before, he can do it now “because i love him” And it's such a silly thing to tell Simon, but the man merely gives him a frozen look,before his mouth curves up into a huge grin that Titania matches.

  “Oh- OH Peter, that is wonderful” And it is, and they congratulate him, and Pasha asks if she can wear something pretty and he says yes and it's dizzying. But he is happy talking about it with them, and it leads to a rabbit holw of telling them everything that happened. By the end he was practically almost falling asleep sitting down, Pasha passed out a long while ago.

  “That was lovely to hear, but really, you need to rest” And yeah, he really does. They say goodbyes and finally Peter is alone, Pasha cuddles his side and he rests in the bed. Holding her close he falls asleep to the sounds of her breathing and the beach outside.

  When inevitably he wakes up from a nightmare of Elias and Pasha being gone, seeing her there, alive and well, breathing against his chest soothes Peter back to sleep. 

  
  
  
  

  Doctor Elliot is furious at him, which is completely understandable. He patches him up, uses healing magic to get rid of the biggest cuts and gashes and threatens him to keep him in the infirmary for an indefinite amount of time if he messes up like this again.

  All Elias can do is nod.

  Once released from his care he goes to the meeting room where he should be able to see the other kings and queens to more or less explain what happened. Then it's off to write letters to Erebus.

  Then it is time to get Peter back to the castle, likely in his room just so he knows he is there, because Elias knows he won't be able to sleep at night if he wakes up from a nightmare and he doesn't see Peter there.

  The next day he will look for Jon, then he will send more letters, and if the meeting now goes well, finally say goodbye to some of the royals. That would at least make him feel more at ease.

  But, first things first. A change of clothes, he recalls halfway through that he shouldn't go looking like a banaged mess, with cut clothes.

  In his room he is instantly attacked by an owl-cat screeching at him and climbing his leg up to his arms where she merely nuzzles and purses at him.

  “Duchess….Oh beautiful” She bites his clothes and bumps the top of her head against his face, her wings flapping around constantly, till eventually he realizes she is trying to wrap them up around him in a hug.

  “Sweet baby. i missed you so much” He gives himself five minutes to enjoy the animals company, five minutes to simply slump on  his bed and hold her close as he breathes in and out trying to keep it together.

  Ultimately he decides to also give himself five minutes to just…

  Break down for a moment. He thinks he deserves it, the catharsis, after the last few days he had. After almost getting killed, of seeing Peter start to slip away from him. Elias shoulders shake as he curls onto himself while his companion does a tremendous job of providing comfort.

  
  

  Eventually he dries his face, he has limited time, even Duchess seems disappointed in him by still trying to move forward, but at this point is all he has.

  
  

  The meeting goes… as well as it can be, with several people inquiring about his health, injuries, location the past few days-

  About what happened with Maxwell.

  He tells them basically what he knows in a sanitized version, electing to omit Leitner and Jonathan for now.

  There were tunnels under Opperior, he went down there to meet up with Gertrude, while they were talking Maxwell appeared. He has seemingly kidnapped Pasha, summoned the dark beast that Gertrude showed them already as proof and attempted to kill them.

  “The explosion?” It was Joshua who asked with furrowed brows. Of course something that affects tunnels like that would call his attention.

  “The tunnels were old, very old, magic sort of seeped into it and there were several traps, one of them was of the fire god. I sealed it so it would activate just by walking into it. But it would go off if there was fire magic being used near it. Gertrude without knowing that used fire and it activated. The explosion expanded all over the tunnels, creating a ripple effect. You saw the effects” 

  Then he says that he and Pasha were trapped, due to the rubble cutting the normal way out. He knew of a room at the center that if it was filled he could use to try and swim upwards to the surface.

  “Unfortunately it was too deep for me, I drowned. See, almost a year ago we found this sea serpent and had been taming it…” Explaining Opal leads to more questions that he has to answer as best as he can.

  Finally he reaches the important part.

  “I was actually unconscious for days, and one of my citizens found me and saved me. But I was asleep and feverish for most of it. She didn't say anything because apparently I had something that belonged to her family and she wanted to know why. It was a misunderstanding, you see. I was given a gemstone and apparently it was taken from her. Once I was ok and could explain that and could in fact walk ok, I was able to come back. Apologies for the delay, and you know almost dying”

  Everyone is staring at each other, seemingly trying to figure out what to say. Simon was missing from the meeting, he surmises that he was with Peter still.

  “It makes sense, still it's just…” Melanie looks around, seemingly trying to find the right words.

  “He was going to die” Everyone just turns to Georgina. Oliver, who was also there because he had been keeping their guest calm nods slowly.

  “He was. One way or another” That leads to more questions from everyone including himself.

  “He was fated to die. Plus… he was wrong, like something was rotten and should have dropped dead years ago” Miss Barker held back no punches. Oliver was tapping his fingers on the table.

  “He wasn't normal” And at that he had to gently explain what Maxwell told him, about his body hopping. Another wave of questions and outrage at the implications of the man killing children to possess them.

  Proof, he shrugs. He doesn't have anything, he-

  “Well… he claimed there was a prophecy about his death, that depending on who I married he would die or not. He wanted to kill me because I refused” And that finally ties down to the love potion.

  “How do we know you aren't lying!” It was Gertrude’s time to step forward and offer both a familiar scroll and a bottle.

  “King Lagorio, is this an official document of your land? Is this not the words of the spider queen Annabelle herself?” With shaking hands he picks up the scroll and checks it out. Agnes for her part gently picks up the bottle and smells it for a moment.

  She quickly pulls it away from her, Jack tries to pick it up, but his wife shakes her head and puts a gloved hand on top of his. The next one to check it out was Joshua himself, it takes a moment for him to smell the contents before pulling away with a disgusted look.

  Melanie was glaring at the bottle while Alfred seemingly grins out of nowhere.

  “Yes, i believe it” It's all he offers with no explanation, Miss King frowns but looks at Georgina who nods at her encoranglingly.

  Finally Neil puts the scroll down and grabs a handkerchief to clean the sweat off his face.

  “The letter and its contents are legitimate. Annabelle wrote that, and it's very likely so that Maxwell’s actions were influenced by that”

  “Its a love potion i have no doubt” Joshua gives it a distasteful look.

  Agnes nods solemnly.

  “It is, I banned the production of them back home years ago, I remember the smell and magic on it perfectly well. A fake sludge of a flame, something pretending to be love on a bottle”

  Elias looked around and pretty much everyone seemed convinced, which was a relief.

  “Then lets see the facts, Maxwell gets a letter from Annebelle, he acts accordingly, trying to get an alliance with Elias by marriage. He fails and uses a love potion in a last effort to make sure the prediction doesnt come true. It doesn't work as he wants so feeling cornered he tries to kill him. After all if his fate depends on Elias choice, by getting rid of him then it means he is free”

  Oliver stands up and talks,  laying down the finer points. His familiar, still asleep caws in dreams.

  “They fight in the tunnels and due to a mistake by Gertrude, who was merely trying to fight off the beast, activates a trap and almost kills them all. Elias was trapped, Maxwell and the monster were crushed and Gertrude herself got severe burns and injuries while trying to make her way out”

  Melanie, Alfred, Joshua and Neil all nod.

  “We saw the corpse of the monster, we saw Maxwell’s body. We have the letter and the rest of the love potion. Georgina and I saw his lifespan waver. If his decisions had been different he would have lived, but he chose this path and like the prediction told him, caused him his death. Do we all agree?”

  And everyone in the room nods.

  “So? Was this an act of war from king Elias or just a series of unfortunate events, led by a mad man’s wish to stop his own demise”

  And everyone slowly but surely agreed to it, Elias could have passed out due to the sheer relief he felt at the moment.

  Things progress more or less well from there, Simon comes and gets the short version of it, he agrees too that it was a mere accident and says that he will vouch for him to Manuela.

  “I mean if she wants Aella to start collaborating with Erebus  then she will have to accept it! I don't fancy a big conflict you know?” And from there everyone slowly starts to agree to support him against Erebus claims for Maxwell’s life.

  
  
  

  Agnes is the last one to go, asking softly if he was  ok.

  “I am now, at least this helps me a lot. I really did not kill him, it was an accident” She nods and says that she will back him up in case there is a threat of war. “Its not like my people aren't keen in conflict”

  He laughs, albeit a bit nervously. She asks about Pasha, seeing as she was also hurt and kidnapped.

  “I- she is pretty upset, she hasn't told me yet how much, but she did have to see me drown and that's not something i wanted for her. Or for Maxwell to take her” 

  They talk, it's comforting at the very least.

  
  

  When he is alone he goes to his tower and writes a letter, several ones in fact. Tomorrow he will ask for everyone’s signatures to make it more official.

  Its all he can do for now.

  By then it was night, he was hungry and there was one person he needed to see. So he picks up food- The kitchen staff wanted to throthel him, plus they asked about Peter too.  He gives a short explanation, that by then even he wasn't sure of, they must see how exhausted he was because they let him go.

  Like that he goes to the ship and enters. Peter was lying in bed being cuddled by Pasha and Captain. When he sees him he gives him a small smile.

  “Tim got him for me, Helen also came by to talk” Huh, good to know. Elias tells him he has food and to come along with him to the kitchen to eat something. Which was a good idea since Peter’s stomach makes a growling sound that startled the cat and made Pasha laugh and growl back. Seeing them together sort of released a weight on his chest. 

  
    Alive, they were alive and well.
  

  They eat, the three of them together. Well four if you count the cat of course who Peter kept giving little piece of food to nibble on. Spoiled little baby.

  Elias really wants to crash into a bed and pass out, but he manages to carefully tell his partner that for now the other kings and queens were in his favour and that he only needs to get Manuela to not start a conflict and things should be looking up.

  “And...Jon?” Reasonable question. 

  “I will try to find him tomorrow. I dont have the energy left to even attempt to locate him. I just need to sleep on my own bed and pass out. Tomorrow i also have to go into town and reassure the pople that im fine and alive”

  Peter nods absent mindedly at that. Eventually he tells him they should go back to sleep.

  “As much as i have fond memories sleeping here, the three of us and the cat wont fit in that bed” Peter face was of surprise, Elias shrughs and tentatively holds his hand. There are things they need to discuss, but for now, and until this mess is solved, he can postpone it for a few days.

  “You didnt think i would let you out of my sigh now huh?” And this man… This man flushes and shakes his head a bit unsurely. Peter interlaces their fingers as he plucks the cat from the ground and Pasha who becomes a small goopy shadow again climbs Elias to cling to his neck as they make their way back to his room.

  
  

  Elias takes a bath first, then lets Peter do the same. Someone on his staff was being very funny, because while looking for something to give the taller man to wear, he finds clothes fit for his frame already saved in his drawers.

  Pasha crawled to bed and was already asleep, the cats were both cuddling each other in the little bed that he finally got for Duchess.

  By the time Peter is done, Elias is in bed half asleep, his bath took way longer than his for some reason. Once out Peter hesitates but eventually gets under the sheets and turns on his side looking at him.

  Elias' hand itches to touch his cheek, he itches to grab Peter and have him pressed against him just to make sure that he is there, that he is real. He is not prone to hesitance, even less so, now that they are on the same page, but there is still some hurt left in him.

  Peter is the one who ends up relenting and holding Elias hand. 

  “Elias…” Its too much for one day.

  “Can we… talk about all of it later? Once things settle here, there is just a lot and i…” Nodding in understanding Peter lets out a breath and relaxes.

  “Ok” That's it then. For now at least. “Just… Can you do me a favour?” Tiredly he squints his eyes at him wondering what could it be.

  “You are going to town right? Tomorrow? Do you… could you get me a glamor ring? I think I can't make myself change my looks back to normal. Simon says i need to practice but until then i'm stuck like this. Before I was apparently constantly using it to keep the curse from doing too much damage, but since that is no longer an issue I have an excess and I can't control it or how I look” He listens and rubs his thumb over the skin on his hand.

  “I will see what I can do. But Peter you really look fine to me, a bit different but its not bad” 

  “Maybe to you, but I don't think everyone else will think the same. If you are not telling them yet who i am… then to everyone else i left for a week and now suddenly i look like this with no explanation?”

  …

  “That 's… you are right. That's fair, maybe we can eventually start saying the full version once things calm down” Peter closes his eyes and nods. Elias can't help but stare at him, it's not like his face changed, he is still as handsome as when he first met him.

  Maybe even more so, but that's more telling on Elias' own personal tastes than on the public. The silver hair does make him look a bit older, but when his skin turns a bit more blue and he sees the silver freckles it's a bit more like watching the night sky. The moon and the stars…

  His eyes glow such an electric blue, he can't help but to stare, they are beautiful. The ears aren't as pointy as Simon’s Missy from what he saw, Pasha or Titania.

  Then the teeth… Elias shivers, again that is more of a personal taste of his than anything. He ponders lightly about the feeling of them biting his neck right after kissing him deeply. He has to close his eyes and stop for a moment, not the time. But the good thing is that there is a future, a chance for that to happen, that at least gives him hope.

  Eventually he relents, Elias uses his free hand and touches Peter’s face who stiffens a bit and gives him a panicked look.

  Silly man, as if he could ever love him any less for looking like this.

  There was a short moment in the circus where he feared it, just like he did Pasha but ELias knows that it doesn't matter how different they are to him. He loves them all the same.

  “I love you” It comes unprompted and easily as breathing. Peter seems to lose the air out of his lungs, but eventually recomposes himself. He feels him lean into the touch of his hand before kissing the palm and with a very shy voice answer back.

  “I love you too Elias. So very much little Siren” His heart beats faster and in this moment he feels at ease, after everything that happened. This is perfection.

  The man he loves, the child they have and finally their two cats, cuddling in the distance, overseeing them.

  “Goodnight Peter”

  “Goodnight Lias”
 
  During the night they all wake up because of nightmares, even Pasha, who slides closer between them and turns into a child to curl up in between them, saying very softly that she dreamed again that they never came back for her.

  Elias dreams of Peter turning into fog and of Maxwell hurting her. 

  Peter, in the one moment where he almost jumps out of the bed, admits while pressing his sweaty forehead against his, that after his mom told him they were gone that's all he could think of.

  Even so, through all of that, seeing each other as they all woke up from their separate nightmares was enough. To settle them back, to see, hear and feel the other two next to them.

  Eventually even the nightmares stop and by morning, the three of them were all tangled up holding onto each other.

  Finally together.

  When Elias wakes up he sees Peter looking down at him with the most raw expression of love he has seen him make. It's enough to make him lose his breath, and enough to have the man smirk a bit. 

  To pay him back from that Elias leans forwards and kisses him gently. It's a press of the lips, they can't do much more with Pasha in between them, but it's still enough to make the taller man’s face burn bright.

  “Morning love” Peter groans and rubs his nose against his before replying.

  “Morning you little menace” Still they stay like that warm and comfortable for a long, long while. Elias doesn't have to be king until he leaves the bed, his responsibilities can wait half an hour.

  For now? He enjoys this.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  Peter is still a bit ill, so Elias tells him to stay in bed with Pasha and the cats. Food will be delivered to him.

  “And you-” He kisses his forehead as an afterthought, the bigger man hides his face on the pillow while Pasha giggles and asks for her own kiss, which Elias happily gives her.

  “I need to work, as i said these next few days are key and i have to make things right dear, so stay here and just… rest for me ok? I will try to come for lunch, i will tell Tim to come check on you as well” Peter hesitates but ends up telling him that he promised him to go with Tim to tell Sasha about Martin.

  Elias frowns, he wants to say no. Stay here, you are still sick and weak.

  But-

  But Peter looks at the door with an inkling of warines. Elias doesn't try to read his mind, but unlike before his companions thoughts are more easy to pick apart.

  
    I don't want to be locked up again.
  

  Elias' jaw clenches, he is not like the man’s mother. Peter is not going to keel over and die now, he is going with Tim to tell someone bad news about their friend. He is an adult he will be fine, Peter wont dissapear or leave now.

  “Ok… I will talk to Sasha later as well, she will probably be very upset. Have a good day Peter, I will see you for lunch?” When the man nods, the relief is clearly seen in his gaze. 

  He was actually afraid that Elias wouldn't let him out. It makes his mood a bit sour, but he can see why he would still feel trapped. In the end he goes. With any luck this day will be smoother as he makes progress to ensure everyone is on the same page as him.

  
  
  
  
  

  Peter doesn't like looking at himself in the mirror, when he took that bath the day before he was finally face to face with the entirety of his new look. Again, its not bad per se, the nails went back to normal when Simon calmed him down, so his moods truly affect how much more visible it can be. 

  His arms were covered in the thin white scarring of the fog clouds, same with his legs and thighs, reaching up to his hips. His chest was miraculously devoid of it, somehow those did disappear instead of being branded on his skin. He doesn't know how to feel about it.

  The scar from the time he got stabbed during the circus rescue is still there, that at least is familiar. His eyes were a permanent unnatural blue. The teeth he could hide more or less as long as he didnt grin too much, the ears were seemingly slowly starting to become a bit rounder, in comparison to when he was in Mooreland at least.

  So maybe, just maybe he can slowly go back to normal like Simon said, perhaps faster than he implied.

  The hair is… That one he is unsure, maybe he could dye it? Or just get a glamor and deal with it like that. It's so odd to see  it when he was used to his pepper and salt color. 

  Permanent reminders, permanent scars. Maybe they wouldn't bother him so much if they weren't so visible, if they didn't make him stand out. The last thing Peter wants is to stand out. Now that he finally is free, all he wishes is to live a quiet life with Elias and Pasha.

  Go sailing from time to time and be king consort and not regent.

  God lord does Peter not want to be king regent. He just wishes to do his own thing and greet Elias when he is done for the day without having to do too much socializing. Maybe prepare some food and take him out on dates when he is working for too long, make stupid bets and raise Pasha.

  That sounds about right, he even thinks about when she is older teaching her how to sail too, she will love it, after all she can go with Opal and the girl loves the sea serpent with all her supernatural heart. The idea sounds pleasing, a nice day on the ship just the two of them, him teaching her how to sail, maybe Elias even wants to tag along. Peter would mind at all, especially if its during the warmer months and he gets to see him shirtless again-

  A pang, Elias is still as handsome as when he first met him. Peter is much more different now, both physically and as a person.

  Wonder where does that leave them.
 
  He decides to laze around the bed, he was as a matter of fact still sick. Pasha seems to be happy to snuggle up to him, and later play in the room quietly as he takes a nap. When he finally opens his eyes again after another nightmare he sees her rolling around the floor, while the cats rub themselves against her shedding fur and feathers.

  Peter blinks a few times and sighs.

  She does not want to take a bath at all.

  
  
  

  Elias comes with lunch, he looks very tired and annoyed, but he did mention that he got to send letters to Erebus, plus got Helen to agree to help make a quick delivery, just so they can speed things up.

  “With luck Manuela will request his body, accept my terms and just keep this hushed down. She has more to lose now than i do, good thing everyone seems to be backing me up” The blonde man leans against his side, the warm presence is comforting.

  “That's really good news, the people in town…?” 

  “Will see them after lunch, I will make an appearance, talk with owners, and reassure everyone that I'm fine now. I can't even pass a message along to your siblings if you want. I intended to tell Judith about Stella being in Mooreland and what happened to your mother” Swallowing down his food he stays quiet.

  He promised to try to Ly- Stella, but in reality he doesn't even know where to start. Elias must realize that because he softly adds that he can tell them that he is fine, tired, but fine.

  “I'm sure they will be happy to know the curse is gone and that you are safe, you don't have to do anything yet” And he appreciates it, he really does.

  For now he is still not able to face them, but… he will. Peter decides that by the end of the week he will go see them. Its the best he can do.

  
  
  
  

  Tim takes him to see Sasha, Pasha is taken to see Titania. Neither man wanted her to be there when they told the other woman what happened. 

  The meeting goes as expected with the news that they brought her. She was happy to see him well, a bit shocked regarding his appearance-

  
    Wrong- Peter looks wrong. He can feel her judging him, he wants her to go-
  

  A memory of the pixies makes him stop, no he doesn't, he is just afraid.

  Sasha cries as Tim explains that they couldn't help him, it was too late. And Peter fears she might blame him, after all if he had fixed it earlier Martin would be fine. But the judgement never comes, he even tries to tell her that, but Sasha is quick to shut it down.

  “You didn't know how. Maybe- maybe now that we have an actual understanding of what it was, it's easy to say that. But it doesnt- it doesnt help at all. I'm not mad at you, i'm mad at myself and at him for not saying anything sooner, for- for not asking for help and going behind our backs…. I'm mad that there is no one I can't yell at because he is gone” And she breaks into tears again, and Tim goes closer and envelopes her in a hug. Trying his best to calm her down.

  Peter is there awkwardly, but supportively. Or as much as he can, she is right, it's not fair to put his own feelings there, she is the one suffering now.

  So he stays quiet and merely listens to her talk about it. 

  
  
  

  Later they pick up Pasha and Tim tells him he will go to stay with Sasha, plus they still need to find Jon and Gerry since they are still missing and she needs to tell them what happened, before anyone can get Jon to talk about the prince thing.

  Peter uses what magic he has to make people ignore them as he takes her to her room, where he sits on her bed and watches her play with her dolls and toys. It's calm, he can almost lay down and forget about Sasha’s face.

  But eventually he stops hearing Pasha play, a bit concerned he turns to look at her and sees her holding and wringing the Opal plushie.

  “Pasha?” She makes an inquisitive noise but doesn't reply.

  “...kid?” The little child finally answers but it's not what he expected to hear at all.

  “Pasha was scared of the dark man. But Pasha was more afraid of Eye, cause he said… he said that you were mean and that you didn't want us. And- and he took daddy’s gift for Pasha, Eye gave it back and apologized eventually, but it was scary… and then we were under the tunnel and there was water and Lie said- he promised Pasha, but she knew he was acting funny. And when he didn't come up the water i was so, so afraid because i was alone- and- and Pasha doesn't want to, she doesn't remember what before was like but she knows he never wants to lose you or Eye”

  Peter quickly sits down and tries to reach her but Pasha pulls back making him feel like he was punched.

  “Opal saved eye, but he wasn't moving or- or breathing, and he was very still and Pasha didn't know how to help. Then… aunty came and saved him. Then he was gone again to save Daddy and Pasha was alone. And… Eye says you didn't want to be family or that you didn't love us and i- I love you and i know you didn't mean it- but-” He scoops her up against his chest and feels her start to shake and cry against his shirt.

  “Eye has to marry because of me, so he was sad, and- and you wanted to go. Pasha doesn't want to be a bother anymore-” It was foolish to think that because he wasn't there he didn't hurt her.

  “I'm sorry doll, I truly am. We are family, I was wrong, I was scared too ok?” She nods and Peter feels like garbage. Not only because he upset her, but because the mental image of her finding Elias unmoving, pale and just… dead makes him want to scream.

  “I thought I was going to spare you both from… from my death, but I was wrong. I'm fine now, I'm going to be fine, and so are you, so is Elias. And Pasha? We are family, I was lying when I told those awful things to Elias ok? You are our kid, and i- I love you doll. I really do” She stares at him with familiar grey eyes.

  Peter knows that she has him wrapped up around her fingers, she and Elias have the same eyes and seeing them all so sad and weepy makes him want to fix whatever made it like that.

  Its so unbecoming of him, but he can't help it. He is terrible at handling other’s tears. He either wants to go, or fix it so they stop.

  “I promise you this, I Peter Lukas swear to you Pasha, that i will not leave you again like that on purpose, you or Elias. I will try my best to stay with you and- and be together” Pasha nuzzled his neck and mumbles a simple ok.

  “Mm still sad and scared” He gets up and paces the room rubbing circles around her back.

  “Tell you a secret? I'm sad and scared too. There are people I don't know how to face and I have changed a lot. It frightens me a bit ro look different, I know you are used to that, and I love that you can do it. But I see myself now and its scary. And… When I was away back in the other castle, I was told that something bad happened to you and Elias, even now I'm terrified of waking up at any moment and that being true. So its ok” She clutches his vest tightly.

  “I don't remember it well, but, but Pasha was afraid before and Lie was too, so we promised to stick together to be less so. Pasha promises to help daddy so he doesnt feel bad” And Peter kisses her forehead and gives her a smile.

  “And i promise to help you too so you aren't afraid anymore” She nods and puts her hands on his cheeks.

  “And the two of us look after Eye as well so we can all get better, right?” And she looks earnest, even in her sadness. She wants to help.

  Peter chuckles and kisses her tiny palms.

  “We will, its a promise, and we cannot break a promise now, can we?” She shake her head.

  “Good, do you want me to show you how to play cards?” She tilts her head to the side like him and nods.

  He lets her sit in his lap as he explains the cards and what they do. She curls up from time to time and stays quiet in a morose way, he does his best to offer her what little support he can. And when he gets a bit too lost in his thoughts, Pasha grabs his hand with her tail and asks him questions about his home.

  
  
  

  “Daddy?” They were lying on the ground looking up to the ceiling, he thinks maybe they could paint her a few stars there, maybe even constellations, it would do her well to teach them to guide herself if she ever explores or sails.

  “Yeah?”

  “I think you look good, you look more like Pasha” 

  “Oh?” He wonders what does that mean to her.

  “Yeah, you got teeth like mine and- and glowy eyes, and your ears-” She points to them and then at herself with a smile. She was using him as a bed and was practically up in his face.

  “Pasha looks like the people she loves, but now daddy looks like Pasha” And it makes him pause to what that means, to him, its more like a reminder of what has been done to him. But to her its familiarity in the face of the unusual.

  She doesn't want to hide what she is, they tried to make her, but it wasn't fair to force her to be what she isn't. 

  “That's a nice way of putting it doll” 

  “It's because I'm smart!” And that makes him laugh, she is, she really is. Pasha tugs at his hair and tells him not to be mean. So he rolls her over and gives her a raspberry making her squeal and laugh.

  “Nice to know you two are taking it easy today” He looks up and sees Elias leaning against the doorframe with a fond smile. His arms were crossed, but once Pasha squirms her way out from his arms, Elias kneels down and picks her up.

  “Hey” She kisses ELias cheeks and says hi. 

  “How did it all go?” His partner goes and sits down on the ground too, once there he flops in the ground next to him and groans. making Pasha snort.

  “So long, you have no idea. Its good to know people love me, enough to be accosted by questions about my health and injuries, the guards that came with me had to carry so many gifts for my sake. Reassuring everyone and explaining that there was an explosion in some old tunnels under the city was annoying, but it was the only thing I could do. The letter was sent and Helen got back with a reply already. Manuele is not happy, but she recognizes that she has to find a way to win and that yes, Maxwell was shady and that there is proof and witnesses to his attempts. So she agreed to my terms, I did give her a shot, offering her to participate in projects to better the land. Maxwell did speak of her scientific mind and i can appreciate that, so at least her letter seemed favorable”

  That is actually great news to be quite honest.

  “Judith was very upset about Stella staying in Mooreland, but she was happy about you being ok and knowing that the curse was gone. She… asked me to tell you that you may visit whenever you feel like talking” He clenches his jaw, he will, he swears it's just…

  “Maybe, maybe not yet. I will, i swear that by the end of the week i will because otherwise-”

  “You will chicken out?” Ah there he is, his little bastard.

  “Mm i will chicken out yes, thanks for reminding me my little lumpfish” Elias narrows his eyes and kicks him.

  “Do not call me that again-”

  “Lumpfishy? Oh, is Lie a fishy now?!” His partner gives him an acidic stare while Peter tries for all of 30 seconds to not laugh. Of course Pasha makes him break and lose it.

  “If i'm princess and daddy is the Foggy one, then Eye is a lumpfishie then-” Elias tries to tell her to please not call him that while Peter laughs and is scolded.

  Yes, things will work out.

  
  
  

  “I got you the glamor ring you wanted” Pasha turned herself into a doll and was inside her toy castle playing around.

  “Oh! Thank you” Peter contemplates it for a moment, he knows what he should change, knows that he should make himself look like before, but Pasha’s words sort of roll around his head. After thinking it through a bit better Peter puts on the ring. Elias' expression doesn't change at his change “So? How do I look?”

  The blonde tilts his head and hums until his hand stretches out and pulls a dark lock of hair behind Peter’s ear.

  “You kept everything else” The glamor works based on what he wants. Looking at his arms he sees tattoos instead of scars.

  “Why?” Peter ponders how to answer.

  “You told me once that they fitted me, and I grew used to them, the scars are more… permanent. A reminder of my survival yes, but this one's make my think of good moments too, between all the bad ones. As for the rest… I match our daughter, isn't that nice Pasha?” She looks out from a tiny window and smiles brightly at him.

  He sees that she now has, along with the blonde locks in her hair, a few white ones as well.

  “We match daddy!” And Elias nods and after a moment kisses his cheek.

  “Well whatever it is? I like you in any shape. You are still you after all”

  Peter's face warms up, and Pasha words about them looking alike are now constantly in his head. Sure this isn't what he asked for, but by being miserable about it, it's not like it would make him any happier, let alone better. The girl feels like they match in a way that Peter couldn't before and it's nice. Elias… loves him, as odd as it still is to say, with his looks being what they are.

  He can get used to it, he can let it go and maybe one day he does feel comfortable enough to just be in his body without feeling awkward about what the magic changed in him.

  “I like you too. I mean- i think you are handsome as well, always have, you are very- very….” Elias' mouth is slightly open and Peter stares at his lips feeling a bit dazed.

  “...you are very…”

  “yes?” A whisper.

  Peter locks eyes with him. 

  
    Oh dear.
  

  Peter swallows hard and after a moment leans into Elias face who moves as well, soon they are sharing a kiss. It would have been longer, but Pasha interrupts them asking if they can go get something to eat.

  Pulling back he agrees and quickly pecks Elias in the mouth one more time before sitting up. The little king takes a few seconds but he sits as well, yet his hand ends up on top of Peter’s.

  “I could eat some biscuits and coffee in the garden, i need to relax” And well he can’t say no to that offer.

  
  
  
  

  The next few days are all like that, resting, talking to Tim and Helen, who drops by a bit less, not because she doesn't want to see him. But because she is taking the time to stay with Micheal. Helping him to jog down his memories and when it doesn't work, merely telling him what she remembers.

  They play pranks on people and all in all seem to be slowly mending their relationship while also making up for lost time.

  It reminds him of his situation with his siblings, but he pushes it to the back for a bit longer. He will go see them once Elias is done working nonstop to fix things. Jon hasn't been found yet, which is putting the little king in a very bad mood.

  Simon and Titania for their parts are enjoying “kidnapping him” for little get-togethers. They even show him off to the other royals saying that he is Elias' boyfriend. He is very sure the other man would be very angry at that, since neither have really talked about what they are and due to giving such a clear weakness to the other kingdoms to use.

  Yet no one seems to bat an eye to his presence. In fact Peter seems to annoy them in the same way that Elias does, or at least that's what Melanie says.

  “Ugh, you are both just meant to be, annoying and shitty” He has no idea what could have given her the idea that he is like that. After all Peter was being his charming self.

  …

  Ok maybe he was being obnoxious on purpose, he was bored!! And Simon found it hilarious.

  Elias when he tells him later sighs and groans, but says that after the ball it was obvious enough that at this point hiding it would be stupid. So there is that then?
 
  Agnes is a scary but pleasant person, he relates a bit too much about being raised and controlled to be what their parents or in her case caretakers wanted. She also seems to understand what it's like to find an unlikely person to show you what love is.

  “Funny how these things go huh?” She gives him a small smile.

  “Indeed, it will be nice to see you in the next ball with Elias your majesty” Peter shakes his head and laughs at her gaze.

  “Not married yet-”

  “Oh? I thought you were the prince of Mooreland” That shocks him into silence and he tries but fails to deny it. When he relents and asks how did she know, Agnes merely puts her tea cup down.

  “I met Lydia a few years back, we went to meet up with Maxwell at the same time. She was very nice and was very proud of all of you. She also showed me sketches she made of all her siblings, very good ones, you all looked younger so i did not connect you being the same person until recently. Lydia spoke very highly and fondly as well, I could see she loved all of you… Still can” She has a funny look as she stares at him, as if she could see something he couldn't.

  “Um…”

  “Elias loves you, many people do actually. I didn't notice it before, or more like I was a bit preoccupied” Peter has no idea what to responde, the idea that his sister took the time to draw all of them and showed the sketches to others talking proudly of them was so bizarre he could not fully grasp it.

  Their conversation goes back to more normal topics, and Peter after a moment of consideration before leaving, asked her to not say anything yet about him being the prince.

  “I'm still thinking about what I want to do” She nods.

  “Understandable, some days I do wish I could just… but if I did, things would go back to being as violent as before. So I must remain” That is actually very sad.

  “Im sorry-” Agnes smiles and shakes his head as they walk from the garden to the castle.

  “No need, besides, I am happy now. More than I ever was and I have someone to keep me grounded. I suspect you understand” And oh does he get it.

  They parted ways.

  
  

  Slowly as the days go by, the royals all start to take their leaves, Elias works until very late into the night, apparently in between all the chaos he is having some sort of deal and project with Joshua, Simon and Neil so he is working extra to start planning for the next year. 

  Still he always makes sure to come back to sleep just as Peter is preparing to go to bed. So the two of them and Pasha, who still has nightmares, can stick together. 

  Eventually when she is better she will be back in her room. They talked about it already, Pasha doesn't like it but ends up accepting regardless. He knows she will crawl her way to them in the night, but for now is the best they can manage.

  Eventually the only ones left are Simon and Titania and Peter in a way wants them to stay a bit longer, but he knows that they already remained for a bit too long. So they must go.

  Simon tells him to take care and that now that he knows where he is, he will drop by more often to Elias' chagrin. Still it makes him smile quite a lot, Titania for her part, wishes him the best and a bit more softly tells him that if she hears about Missy she will let him know.

  “You may not believe it, but Mimsy is a bit like you, she likes her solitude and running away as well. Here is to hoping she comes to her senses soon. If i do, is there anything you want me to tell her?” Peter ponders about it.

  “Just… that i would like to see her, and if not, she can send me letters, she knows where i am now. So i wouldn't mind talking to her” He talked to her, in the castle, but not with her.

  He wants to hear her talk back, and...to be honest, he wants to see her as well. Wants to face her to know what he thinks about her now. Peter misses her, he doesn't hate her, he just wants to talk and see where they can go from there.

  Peter doesn't know if he can forgive her, but part of him wants to.

  
    Its complicated.
  

  Then after their talk, Elias, Pasha and him wave as they board their ship and go.

  Its finally just them.

  
  
  
  
  

  Elias stares, mostly because Peter is already asleep and can't complain about him doing so. He stares because the man takes off his ring at night and he gets to see him with the silver hair. It is really nice. Elias stares, because he woke up from another nightmare and he is just making sure he is there.

  He moves a hand up and touches his cheek gently, Peter doesn't wake up at all. Its silly he thinks, but then again he has every right to worry.

  Peter’s arm has those silver scars that now resemble the fog tattoos. He lowers his hand and traces them. It gives the sleeping man goosebumps.

  Smiling a bit he sighs and keeps going, they look pretty in the night, like Peter’s freckles. Sometimes he swears they shine a bit. Elias wonders how the man would look if he let himself be completely, bluish skin with a myriad of silver lines. Stars and constellations on his skin, thats what he would look like to him. 

  Through the week, he has accomplished quite a lot. Not fully solved it, but he has maintained peace where it matters.

  As proud as he is of himself, Elias feels exhausted, too busy and too wired up to relax. There are still matters with Jon that he can't solve. He has no idea where to look for him. For all he knows he and Gerard just ran off the first chance they got.

  It feels wrong somehow. Like that is not quite it.

  His companion moves a bit and curls up, moving his arm near his face. Elias doesnt stop tracing the shapes on him. Peter... maybe he can let it go, maybe Elias can just pretend things are ok now. No need to drag out anything else, apologies have already been said, kisses had been shared these past few days, same as touches and love confessions.

  Why ask about something that has already been solved?

  ...But it's not, isn't it? There is nothing fixed yet, Elias knows why Peter did everything, he knows he did not mean to hurt him. Yet-

  Yet, yet, yet.

  Yet he did. He lied, hurt and denied him the chance to help.

  What if he does it again? He stills his hand momentarily. 

  Forgive and forget? Let it go? Not saying anything at all, would just make him resentful, would let the hurt fester. And as the time he blew up on Peter regarding Pasha proved, Elias if cornered can become vicious.

  Would he let it grow until one day, Peter does something he doesn't live and as always Elias just loses it on him? Dragging back things from years ago?

  That would hurt worse than anything.

  He sighs and lets his hand drop on the bed, he can't do that, for their sake and their future. Elias can't just swallow it down and not do anything with it.

  He loves Peter, that is the truth, but he can still be mad, can still be hurt even if he partially understands his reasoning.

  So, talking. He will finally ask him to talk, mostly so he doesnt let it go for much longer. 

  Taking a deep breath, Elias tries to go back to sleep, Pasha was laying on the pillow next to his head. He counts her breaths and slowly becomes more drowzee. 

  
    In-and-out In-and-out In-and-out
  

  In and-

  He closes his eyes and lets sleep take him again, albeit he swears that he felt someone grasping his hand.

  
  
  
  

  Elias plans and Elias sees. More importantly, he talks with those he has to, Tim… is mad he knows that, and he doesnt expect forgivens for showing him the things he did. Still they still spend time together, now more than ever as he is going to be his general.

  He doesnt see why, doesnt understand his choice, Tim thinks he is useless and cannot protect anyone. Telling him that he knows he feels like that will bring trouble, so instead Elias does the best next thing. He monologues.

  “I choose you Tim, because I trust you ok? To have my back and help me. You aren't Gertrude and I don't want you to be, there should only exist one Gertrude Robinson at any given point in time, for the sake of the world and my poor heart. You aren't her and that is good. Things change, and people do and right now the kingdoms don't need someone like her. Pragmatic and cold, you care, you saved those changelings despite what their kind did to your friends and family. Because you knew they were kids. Gertrude wouldn’t have cared”

  Tim paces in Elias' office.

  “That's all nice and fine, but I'm sure someone else can take this job and-” Rolling his eyes he pinches the bridge of his nose.

  “But I don't want anyone else! You were there to protect the castle from Jane, you were there to help me save Peter and Pasha. You care and you help, you know what you are doing Timothy! You found the love potion, yes Pasha and Sasha helped you, but you trusted them and found important evidence. Not many would do that, trust their friends on a hunch alone. You came with me in my time of need, despite what I did to you. More importantly you can call me out on my bullshit if you are general and i have to hear you out no matter what” 

  That last bit makes the man grin.

  “Well if you put it like that…” Elias chuckles.

  “I deserve that, I know. And you can call me out, I promise to listen from now on. And if I don't? You have every right to use what i did as blackmail to make me reconsider”

  Tim stops pacing and merely sits down in front of him.

  “I don't want to. Yes i am mad! I am furious at you and Peter for different reasons, but I don't want to be. I don't want our relationship to be based on that, I want my friends” And Elias more than anyone understands.

  “I know, and you have us, and you can be both mad and want things to be like before. We all did things to hurt each other. But its a matter of working on it. If this was me from years ago, my solutions would have been to just erase the bad memories. But I learned that even if they are bad… i shouldn't do that, they help you grow and make sure you don't mess up again the same way”

  Elias pets Duchess who was laying on his desk, she gives him an approving look. Or he thinks she does at least, hard to tell if he is just imagining it.

  “I guess, and im glad thats not your solution anymore. Fine, i will take the job”

  “Good! Then we need to fill paperwork and prepare your party” That has Tim gape and then ask excitedly about the party. And even if its small, even if its just them reading paper and signing contracts as Tim makes the most outlandish requests for his promotion party, Elias thinks this is a bit like forgivenes.

  
  
  

  Finding Peter is not hard, nowadays he stays in the beach or the castle with Pasha. Sometimes he thinks he looks like a ghost, and apparition of a man making the rounds on the land. It makes Elias very nervous, but ultimately its just his own fears playing him.

  Today Peter is at the docks, swinging his legs back and forth as Opal swims around the water.

  Elias told Rosie to babysit Pasha who was happy to spend time with the woman. He could see that she was waiting for any news on Tadeas, even if she played it off.

  Pasha for her part… Elias talked with her days ago, she had a small breakdown regarding him leaving for a few hours to the town without telling her. He held her as she cried and thrashed, afraid that he wouldn't come back. When he told her that he promised to, she screamed that he promised as well back in the tunnels, yet he knew he wasn't going to make it.

  It was true, and he deserved all the screaming. 

  Then she tired herself out and said that she didn't know if he would come back from Mooreland, or Peter for that matter.

  “You would both leave Pasha- Pasha made you sad, she hurt you, lied and- and caused you to do things you didn't want-” 

  “I love you” He starts with that because its the truth “I love you and I'm sorry I lied, I am princess. I didn't want to leave you. And I said awful things because I was hurt and afraid and I lashed out. But know this, I won't leave you on purpose like that again. I have to go sometimes, but it will never be with the intention to not come back” She doesn't fully believe him and that hurts, but its fair. So Elias merely scoops her up and sways her, as she is in her goopy shape. Keeping herself human was too much effort for the tantrum she was having.

  “I know you don't, and I want you to trust me. So I will do my best to earn it” She sniffles but grasps his coat.

  “N-no, Pasha lied too, remember? Lie shouldn’t trust me either, i don't want to hurt you” 

  “An impasse then? We both want the other to trust us?” She nods. Elias pretends to mull it over.

  “Then how about this? We try to help each other, to make sure we don't mess up again” 

  She agrees and curls up closer to him making small sounds that he translated into-

  
    I love you, I love you, please don't leave again.
  

  “I love you too”

  
  

  Elias sits next to Peter and watches Opal play in the water. They stay there in comfortable silence for a while, neither felt the need to break the peace yet. Both were aware of why they were here.

  “So?” It does surprise him that Peter is the one who breaks the peace in the end. The taller man turns to him slightly, he has a melancholic look on his face. Elias doesn't like it, but at the same time he can't help but shrug.

  “Im free, for now” 

  “I see that, so, what do you want to say?” Many things, or at least he thinks so, in the end it boils down to the same fears as always.

  “I know you said you were sorry and that you didn't mean any of the things you said, I believe you. It doesn't take away what I felt at the moment when you said it. The things I did because you broke my heart” Peter takes a deep breath and turns to look at Opal again, easier, he supposes, then having to face him head on.

  “Would you do it again? If you thought… that you were going to die. Would you lie to me about it?” And it takes a while for the answer to come, he sees Peter’s hand tightly grab the end of his shirt. Sees the furrow on his brow as he mulls it over. Elias for his part turns to the front and closes his eyes, deciding to wait and enjoy the light breeze and the sun.

  “I know… that it was wrong. I have known that for months, once i told Tim he said to me how unfair it was on you to hide my condition. How i was taking away the choice for you to try and help me” Elias tries to keep his face blank, not wanting to show how upset he was about that.

  Because in the end the biggest thing that has been bothering him was that. The lack of control, the lack of choice. Peter took that away from him, Elias wants to know so much sometimes because if he does no one can manipulate him.

  After Annebelle, Jane and Maxwell he felt the loss of control too keenly. After Nikola he felt helpless, after Pasha’s lie he felt betrayed.

  This whole situation was once again a mix up of all the things he had been afraid of. The fact that Peter, as well meaning as he was, did it packs a bigger punch to him than the others.

  “And I felt bad for it, because I know what it feels like when someone does that to you. So to do it to you it was… well it was the worst feeling ever” Elias sways his legs as well and keeps his eyes closed.

  “You didn't answer my question” He hears shuffling.

  “I want to think that I wouldn't. That if for whatever reason i got sick again or was dying i want to think this time i will tell you. I just... “ When Elias hears a frustrated noise he turns to Peter and opens his eyes. The man was pulling at his hair a bit in a somewhat painful manner. Gently he pulls his hands away from it.

  “Don't do that, you will hurt yourself only” And there is something a bit deranged in Peter's eyes that tells him that's the point. “No” It doesn't go away, but he does let his hands fall back to his lap.

  Elias doesn't release his wrist, instead he moves his hands to hold Peter’s.

  “Keep going, I will listen” The other breathes out and nods.

  “You have to understand this, we saw our father wither, maybe not the full picture of it, but we all got glimpses of his state as he got progressively worse. He was locked up and alone until the bitter end and in a way, that made his death feel more… palatable. None of us were close to him and his death was a lesson from our mother to us. Those feelings could get us killed. For him to go out the way he did… it spared us the grief, or maybe we were all just too stunted and numb to fully grasp it. Point is in a way it was a bit freeing I suppose? Not having anyone worry. At least that's what i thought, what i rationalized from that situation at nine years old”

  Its fucked up, thats what it is. The fact that the queen made their father an example, the fact that she let it happen and even caused him to get sick, because he cheated was another layer to it. Elias should tell Peter about it at least, but not now.

  “I told you before, you made me want to live, to want a future where we could go do all the things you said to do later. Celebrate our birthdays, go to the festival next year, the ball- All things that i started to fantasize about having. About seeing Pasha grow up… The pixies gave me hope that I could change things and do it. I wanted to tell you, I did, I felt bad enough to want it. But i couldn't”

  He rubs his thumb over Peter’s skin, trying to soothe him.

  “I couldn't because I was selfish. Like I said, not seeing it happen? Not having a bond with the man made it easier to deal with it. But I know you, know you enough to realize you wouldn’t stop trying to find a way to help, and that if you couldn't you would obsess over it. And in a way you would stop trying to spend time with me, more than you would be seeing me slowly become sicker and sicker while i stay in a room dying. I didn't want… my last moments to be like my dads, stuck in a room trapped. In this case it would be even worse, because I would leave you all grieving. And i would have to see all of you caring about me and just losing it over not being able to help, pitying me as I fade, I would rather die alone than see that”

  Elias has to remain calm, even if he is angry, it won't lead anywhere if he starts yelling, Peter will just clam up.

  He sees his point, but its too skewered, too flawed, and the worse part is that-

  That it makes sense. It makes sense to Peter, it makes sense because as much as he would like to say no, Elias knows he would obsess over it. He doesnt know for sure if it would be like that. 

  So he tries to picture it, Peter getting worse in front of him, Elias trying and failing to help wanting to keep him safe and sound at the castle so he doesnt banish out there. Out from his sight. And… would he remember the good times or would he only see Peter as the faded thing he was becoming only?

  Would Elias grow bitter and angry at any failed attempts to keep him alive, would he be mad at Peter’s resignation to his own demise?

  
    What would he be willing to do to save him?
  

  And that is an interesting question that leads to… very unpleasant places. Because Elias is a shitty person and in reality if Missy’s idea of saving him by turning him into a fae was feasible. Would he have tricked him too? To eat more food? Enough to turn him to buy time?

  The answer is…

  “I… get it. I don't like it, but I get it. And… to be frank, I would have done a lot of bad things just to keep you alive” Peter stares at him directly and tilts his head slowly. Elias sees the moment Peter must realize something because he frowns and his mouth turns into a tight line. His eyes shine a bit brighter and he swears he sees an over layed image of him looking less human.

  “One thing, there is only one thing I will ask of you. And you can ask for something in return. And I 
  
    swear 
  
  to you, I would keep my word” Peter holds Elias hand now, but he tightnes it.

  “Yes?”

  “No matter what happens, no matter if I ever get sick, cursed, or I am in my early death bed. Do not turn me against my will, I don't care about anything else, but if I'm going to die? Or if I ever want to do it? I want it to be in my terms Elias. That's all I ask. To be able to chose this one thing for myself”

   Elias wants to say yes, but just like Peter he is selfish.

  “But-” The other sighs.

  “I know, neither of us is a paragon of selflessness. But this one thing Elias. And if there is a need? Ask me. But if i say no, respect that” Curse him.

  “What about me! What then? Why do I have to see that? WHy don't I get to choose this? You- you owe me that at the very least. You…” And this is what he wanted to avoid, this is what he knew he would try to pull eventually. Peter’s face is surprised and hurt and he sees him try to say something so Elias interrupts.

  “N-no, wait, i didn't mean- It's just not fair, i don't want to hold this over your head, its why i wanted to talk to begin with. But why do you get to try and slip between my fingers again! Why can't you stay? Why run, why not let me try!! Why won't you stay for me!” And that is perhaps the main issue.

  “Why didn't you trust me? I don't want to leave me like that again, to burn all bridges and go! Yes, we can get mad, yes we can fight it would be stupid and impossible if we didnt, but i just- not like that. Never like that. Not in a way that feels permanent. You can bring both the best and worst of me at the most inconvenient times! It's… I would say infuriating but it's also wonderful in a way? I don't understand, I don't know anything anymore and that- that is scary. Not knowing, not being able to know if you mean it, if you will one day do it again. And if you did- if you did i don't think i would be able to forgive you. Even now I don't know if I can!!!”

  Breathing hard he swallows down the vitriol, Elias pulls his hand away from Peter and hugs himself.

  “I don't know if i can, i want to, because i want to let it go. I want to be happy with you now that we are ok, but I get filled with rage when I think of the things you said about me, about Pasha. I know you don't mean them, but they hurt. I know you did this because you were afraid I did! I understand, but understanding does not undermine the fact that you lied to me, that you controlled what I knew. That you faked letters, that you were planning to go for months, that you had a 
  
    backup plan. 
  
  That's a level of preparation and self awareness that frightens me. Because Pasha did the same. You both planned to do the same thing to me”

  Laughing a bit hysterically he feels like he is finally slipping.

  “I'm not a good person, I'm selfish and willing to sacrifice people I don't care for. Jane made me realize how self centered and toxic I could be, how easy it was to be jealous and pin the blame on others. You controlled the entire situation and kept it from me, told 
  
    Tim and Helen
  
  -” 

  Elias is bitter about it, will forever be bitter about it, even now.

  “And just- just did that. If Micheal and Martin hadn't kidnapped you, if Micheal didn't come to tease me about it, then I wouldn't have found out until it was too late. You would be dead somewhere on your own, because you choose that over saying the truth. Because you… didn't want to let me spend my time with you and yes, I would have obsessed about it. But, the worst part was just the lie. You would have left me making me think you hated me. I confessed and you tore me down”

  His eyes burn, but no tears escape, Elias just doesn't want to cry, not even over this, not anymore.

  “So why should I let you get away?”

  The tension could be cut with a knife, even Opal stopped playing and seemingly went under the water for now. It was just the sound of the waves and Elias breathing that could be heard.

  “You have every right to be mad and not forgive me” Elias doesn't respond, can't even look at him.

  “And… I know it's too much to ask for, too much considering what I did. I did, I did plan this months in advance, it was a backup plan and I did come clean to Tim. Helen knew about the curse, just not the full scope. I lied and didn't trust you, my own fear and hubris I suppose. And even so… a part of me was also afraid you would reject me or that you would want me for the wrong reasons. Stupid i know. I cannot take any of it back. Only thing I can say is that if I went back and knew what I did now, I would not hesitate to kiss you and tell you how much I love you. But that's the thing, I didn't know that would save me. All i knew was that you loved me, and that i was dying and that you were going to suffer one way or another”

  Peter looks at him and he wants to look away, but instead stares.

  “Hindsight is everything. Back then all I knew was… that anger can melt away, can dull. But grief? Grief stays with you. And I wanted to spare you that for the wrong reasons. I don't want to leave. And I am aware that… I hurt you. And that perhaps you may need some time to just… process that?” A twinge of terror.

  “You aren't-”

  “No! No, I'm not leaving you, I love you! And I will marry you, because I want to, and to save Pasha. But maybe we should do this slowly, and- give it time? I hurt you and I did awful things in the name of helping you. The letters… were perhaps one of the worst offenses, you are right, I manipulated you and gaslighted you. And I don't want that to ruin everything. I don't particularly want to do it again at all”

  The idea of splitting up now, is laughable, and horrible. But Peter has a point, however-

  “Then what do you want?” That seems to puzzle him. Elias is very tired now, this whole thing was not what he expected emotionally.

  “What do you mean?”

  “I mean, what is it that you want now, Mr Lukas? You are free, you aren't dying. What do you want? If you could have anything at all”

  “I- well, if you-” Elias shakes his head.

  “No, tell me what you want first and then i tell you what i want, what i think”

  “Elias… cmon, be reasonable-” He shakes his head. 

  “Ah, ah, ah Mr Lukas, answer my question, what do you want?” And he sees his face flush. 

  “You are a menace” Elias smirks at the defeated tone “I want… you. I want things to get better, I want to raise Pasha with you. I still want to sail still, but always come back here. If I could choose anything? Then i want to marry you and be a trophy husband because i do not want to be king regent i never did, i just want to stick around and take you out on dates. Maybe cook you some dinner and cakes. I want.. to see Missy again, to see my siblings and have fun with Tim and Helen… I want to be happy. I want to fight you, and kiss you when you are smug and annoyed, because it's infuriating how cute you look sometimes. And I want… to stay here, and if there is a next life? I want to meet you again. That's it” Peter was now red to the tip of his ears. Elias could see a bit of purple, the mix between his normal flush and the blue one.

  A few freckles shone bright.

  He didn't know how to answer, at first, but the more he thought about it and the more flustered Peter got at his silence the more ELias felt himself trying to stifle a laugh, eventually it broke out. Its not mean or mocking, its just that its so… simple.

  So easy, Peter doesn't want much.

  He wants Elias and their daughter, he wants freedom and he wants family and friends.

  He wants him.

  “I- i know its stupid you don't have to-”

  “Its- its not. It's just so you, so utterly-you” Elias turns Peter’s face with one hand while the other grabs Peter’s left one, he tugs at his ring. Making the other give him a look. Elias pulls it off.

  The white hair tied in a half bun, plus the neatly trimmed beard made him look very handsome. The scars were pretty against the light of the sun.

  “Wanna hear what I want?” Peter nods against his hand.

  “I want… to kiss you, to wake up next to you, to show you off as you are and say you are mine, my beautiful partner and husband. I want to go on dates to town as well, I want to raise Pasha and hang out with the people we care about. I want you, quite a lot, and if I had my way you wouldn't be moving out of the bed for an entire day, neither of us would be walking straight either if i really get what i want” Peter’s face was a flame.

  “Heh, yeah. I want… to have a big wedding, I want the entire town to celebrate. But I also want you for myself, just us, something small. I want to forgive you, but it will take time, and I want you to stay with me because I am selfish. I don't want space, I want petty fights, I want conflict. I want someone to challenge me and still stay because they love me enough to realize I'm an asshole and I don't actually want to harm you with my words. Its just that i can't help it” And now he presses his forehead against Peters.

  “And yes, ultimately? I want you, my handsome king consort to take me out to relax at sea” Their breaths mingle, Peter swallows down hard.

  “I see-” And Elias presses his lips to his softly.

  “No, you don't, not fully, but i can show you” And Peter must be a masochist, because he nods and Elias, who delights in being in charge truly shows him what he means, what he feels. And his partner gasps, delightfully so against him as he drops his head on his shoulder, shuddering at the images and feelings he sent his way.

  “O-oh” 

  “I'm scared to see you gone” He tells him because it feels right.

  “I'm afraid sometimes that this is all in my head as I'm still dying alone, and that you really did die” Elias wraps his arms around Peter and he does the same to him.

  “It's not, I promise, and if it is? I swear to make it a nice dying dream” Peter wheezes out a laugh.

  “Minx” Elias nuzzles his neck.

  “Buffon” And Peter is cheeky, he blows a raspberry on his neck and then kisses it before biting lightly making him sigh and moan a bit. It's a small sound, but he kept the sharp teeth pressed to his jugular.

  “You want to marry this buffoon and… you kinky bastard” He can't help but shiver at the accusation.

  “Do you hate it? And i do”

  “No, in fact I love it like everything else about you, with a bit of exasperation and fondness that makes me think you bewitched me somehow” Goodness.

  “I will try, to not do something stupid, i cannot promise it, but i swear i will try to respect you” And Peter pulls back a bit, almots making him whine. 

  “I promise to tell you the truth and to never trick you like that again, i swear to you that i will never such a thing ever again for as long as we are alive” He seals it with a kiss, and Elias is weak and he grabs onto Peter’s shirt and pulls closer, no one is there to interrupt. No one is there to annoy.

  Elias bites and Peter relents to him, the submission makes his head spin. Still his partner is not a wallflower, because he does pull back and goes back to kiss and bite his neck making him gasp and hide his face, Elias crawls to his lap as the taller man leaves a trail of kisses and marks all over him.

  When he deems it perfect, Elias turns to absolutely turn Peter’s neck into a collar of hickies, a monument and sign that he is Elias.

  The warm press of skiing, the gentle hands touching and squeezing from under his shirt, messing up his outfit have him let out a few pants and whines. He wants more, but he has some self control left. And so does Peter apparently who ends up their little impromptu session with a small kiss to the tip of his nose.

  Both were breathing heavily, but they both had satisfied grins.

  “I love you and I am mad, and I have to deal with some stuff, but I want you there. And i want you to know that i will get angry sometimes, that i will be petty and give low blows”

  And Peter laughs and nods.

  “I will have self loathing moods, depressive ones too, and I will lash out or be too numb to respond. But I want you there too, you don't have to forgive me, ever. And I will deal with what you say and pay you back in kind, but know that I love you and I'm not going like that again and I don't intend to do it. I hope one day you believe it, little Siren”

  “I hope so too and i will try my best to help with those episodes as well”

  It's not fixed, not at all, but-

  As Peter hugs him against his chest and tells him things he did these last few days. He thinks they are slowly going in the right path for things to be ok again.

  
  
  
  
  

  Finding Jon, is in the end not as hard.

  Again it is Peter who gives him the right idea by accident. Plus ELias finds his ring, the tracking one, apparently Duchess hid it, or more like she ate it, threw it up and then hid it.

  It's the second time someone eats this thing, what is up with that??

  Point is, Peter gives him the idea when he laments about what he did to the pixies and that he was too nervous to go and check on them, not knowing if he could wake them up. Elias remembers in a bright moment, that the forest is a blind spot. And that if you hid there he wouldn't be able to use his magic to check the place.

  So he tells Peter he will go see them and tell him, but only if he goes to see Judith. That makes the man give him a look as if he forced him to suck on a lemon.

  “You promised you would, keep that up dear, i will see those fairies” To be fair Elias wants to check on them and see if the person he wants is hiding there.
 
  Of course he is proven correct, he doesn't see Gerard anywhere near Jon, but that doesn't mean he is not around.

  The magical creatures were all awake again moving and flying around, when they saw him they cheered and waved at him. So whatever Peter did either passed, or when the curse broke it freed them by accident. Elias leans into the latter to be honest, but not important at the moment.

  What is important is the man currently getting up quickly and stepping back away from him. It's funny to be honest, It's not like Elias has any visible weapons.

  He does have a knife hidden in his sleeve, slicing someone's throat is easy like that.

  But not the point, to Jonathan he is seemingly unarmed which doesn't explain why he is currently trying to make his way away from him. And honestly? It could have worked, if the creatures didn't trip the poor man. The pixies flew above Jon giggling and the little furry hedgehog snorted after having made him fall.

  “Can you stop moving for a minute Jon? I want to talk to you” And he stares at him, with a wild panicked look that confuses him.

  “Like you talked to Leitner?!” Ah-

  “You know?” Elias remains calm, and wonders if their patron told him. 

  “I went back and heard… you know what. I made my way out quickly afterwards” He can't help but wince, he didn't expect that. To reassure him Elias shows his hands are free and merely sits away from him. Far enough that if Jon gets up he has a head start.

  Elias decides that at this point, honesty was the best option, mostly because the man heard him kill Jurgen, therefore lying would be pointless and amount to nothing.

  “Look, to be completely honest to you? I was having something of an awful day, or if I want to be real? A complete mental breakdown. I was drugged, manipulated, the man I loved told me horrible things because he was dying and wanted me to hate him so he could leave… I caused my daughter to run away in my grief and I hurt all of my friends in a bout of paranoia. Finding out Jurgen told you the truth, and basically took put my position as king in jeopardy, basically the only thing i had left after the whole fiasco was… a bit too much for me”

  Jon doesn't relax at all, merely gives him a pensive look.

  “Look, I'm not here to hurt you. I don't know if you are aware of what's been happening out there. But, Maxwell died in the tunnel explosion and I have been doing my god damn best to ensure we don't end up in a war” At that Jon scoffs.

  “I'm sure that getting him killed-” And Elias snaps at him, he won't hear that no.

  “No, i will not hear that from you, you have no idea what he did, so let me paint you a picture. He drugged me with a love potion, kidnapped my daughter to try and use her to body hop and he got a dark creature to chase me and Gertrude to kill us. I did not murder him, not on purpose. There was a fire trap in the tunnels, and the general didnt know and activated it by accident causing the entire place to collapse!! I drowned and my child had to see me half death on the beach. You do not get to cast that judgment Jonathan Sims” Jon flinches at his name. Elias takes a few deep calming breaths.

  “Do you know what happened to Martin?” And that… Well Jon and Gerry did not talk with Sasha. Elias explains, even tells him about Peter, but only because otherwise the story makes no sense.

  By the end Jon is covering his face and softly saying no.

  Elias says no more, merely watches the magical creatures fly around in the breeze. He will grant him this, the mourning. Because in another world? That would have been him with Peter.

  Eventually Jon finishes drying up his tears and clears his throat enough to speak again.

  “Why… Did she choose you, for the throne? What was she like” Elias asks how to answer. 

  “She was… kind, she missed you, never gave up in the hope that you were alive, even to her last days. She asked me to keep the festival on your birthday, to make sure that you would be able to find your way home. As for why she chose me despite my age? I don't know, she said it was because I was driven, because I loved this kingdom. But… many people thought that it was because she wanted to replace what she lost” 

  Jon starts to rip off grass and Elias picks up a few flowers and weaves them into a bracelet.

  “But… I think she was tired. And that everyone else was waiting for the moment she was gone, that they gave up on you and her. I think she just wanted to spite them” And that is the truth, at least what Elias believes is the truth.

  “I don't know the answer, my magic wasn't strong enough yet to be able to tell her intention. And our patron only knows what others do. But that is what I think, if it means anything to you. She loved you, missed you and on her last day wanted you back. It's why… if you came back you could have the throne, she made sure of it. I worked years for this place, for this kingdom, because I love it. I grew up here and I loved it with all my heart. And as king I wanted to make it better even if I had to make horrible choices to do it, I was willing. Even if i pushed people away”

  Finally Jon stretches and turns to look at him fully, seemingly trying to grasp something.

  “I don't want it” Elias blinks and tilts his head.

  “Excuse me?” Jon shakes his head and makes a determined face.

  “I don't want it! This, the kingdom, the throne, I don't want it. I wanted… i wondered about my family, about my parents, my “grandma” said they died but she never talked about them. And she kept me in the tower for years, saying the world was an awful place full of bad people” Jon lifts his arms and makes an all encompassing motion.

  “But she lied, and she wasnt my grandma, not really. Then I met Gerry and Sasha and- and Martin and things were ok. The world wasn't as scary, I had people on my side even if we did dangerous things. I lived my life waiting for the moment to see the world, to know and explore it. And… and this is a beautiful kingdom, but I don't remember it, I don't have a connection to it, a- a love for it like yours. My family is gone, and then there is a throne that i- i don't want. Because taking it would mean chaining myself here. And after all these years stuck in a tower on my own? The last thing I want is to be stuck in this place ruling, especially because I don't even know how!”

  Jonathan flops in the grass.

  “I don't want this” Elias stares, in all the outcomes he expected, Jon not wanting power was never one of them. Because if he was in his shoes, Elias would never reject the option to have it.

  “I… never thought you would think like that. I assumed you would want your place back, the power and position that was owed to you” Jon gives him a tired look.

  “No, I don't want power, I don't want to be recognized, all I want is to go on adventures with my friends, make songs and write any new stories or discoveries I make. I want to explore, I want to live- not for my grandmother, not for some spot I never earned. I want to live for myself. You- you want this, and from what i saw? You are doing a good job, taking out the murder tattempts. People in the castle and in town love you. You know what you are doing and you care about this place more than i do”

  “What then?” And Jon takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a few seconds.

  “Then I give it to you. My place, my birthright, my stupid crown that i never asked for. All I ask is for you to let us be at peace” With his heart on his throat Elias licks his lips, and tries to contain the excitement for this.

  “You will need to reveal yourself for this to work, it has to be public, for the simple fact that there are rumors of you being back. If they don't stop I will be undermined” Jon makes a disgusted face but nods.

  “And… what do you think, that instead of prince, i give you a royal title instead? That way, you will always have a place to come back to, you and the others” Its not charity, if Jon goes immediately after giving him the crown people may think he threatened him.

  Giving him a place shows good faith.

  “That… would be nice” Elias nods.

  “You are all welcomed here, and i apologize for any terror i caused you. As i said that was a very bad three days for me that culminated in me just losing it” Jon snorts at his comment.

  “Yeah i can tell” They stay quiet.

  “And… I would like to hear more of your music when you come back. Your stories are really good and the library is open as well. You made very good points regarding magic and also I would be interested in updating some things. Like the creatures you saw and those magic flowers…” At that the conversation flows a bit better. they keep going until Gerard appears looking murderous. Elias considers throwing a knife at him, but Jon gets up quickly and tries to calm his boyfriend from punching him in the face.

  After a quick talk he steps back and lets him be.

  “You can- you can go back to the castle you know? Sasha has been worried sick and after what happened…” He gives Jon a look, Gerry narrows his eyes but Jonathan touches his arms and shakes his head.

  “I got to tell you something, ok? We… will, she probably will want our heads, but thank you, for everything” Elias nods courtly and makes his way back. While walking back to the entrance three familiar pixies and a grumpy fungus approach him.

  “Little king”

  “Little king”

  “Finally a real king” The mushroom laughs and Elias narrows his eyes.

  “What happened to the borrowed crown thing?” And all of them giggle.

  “It was borrowed, but now it's not, did the young prince not give you the crown himself? It is yours by right now little king. No longer borrowed but rather owned. You are king by merit and declaration. Congratulations”

  His eyes widen and he gapes at him.

  “That's what you meant?! That I should have asked Jon for the crown this whole time!” And the little creature has the gall to nod completely sure of itself.

  “Of course! It was easy was it not?” And god, it was, albeit getting to this point was not.

  “Is… is Peter ok? Little king” The pixies all flutter near his face, their concern is cute, but he has to ask.

  “Aren't you mad at him? For making you fall asleep?” And they all give him confused looks.

  “He did not meant to, like a fledgling he used magic without meaning to, uncontrolled-”

  “Panicked-”

  “Hurt!”

  “He wasn't feeling well, he was scared and lashed out, like animals-”

  “Like children!”

  “We cannot be mad at his fear. It was not done with cruelty” The shy one that usually hangs around Peter the most rests on top of Elias head.

  “We were worried and we said things wrong, he did not understand, we hurt without meaning to” They all make sounds of agreement.

  “We do not hold grudges for this, we worry” And that is good to know. Elias softens up a considerable amount.

  “He felt terrible, he thought he hurt you, and he didn't know how to help. He is… fine, he is healing, we all are. But he is alive, and he is well. And we are working on it” The creatures all cheer and celebrate.

  “See! Love was the answer”

  “You two are happy?” And Elias takes a moment to think and imagine. Lazy mornings and welcome kisses.

  “We are” And it's the truth.

  
  
  
  

  When he comes back Peter is still gone, Elias goes to work for a bit, in his tower he finds a purple door. 

  “Helen?” She pokes her head in and waves.

  “The lonely man, the one who is friends with Peter, wanted to visit Rosie. I hope you don't mind i let him inside” And oh-

  “Oh yes, Tadeas is welcomed” And Elias checks on them, and true to Helen’s words, Rosie was talking to Tadeas as they held hands across one of the many hallways in the castle.

  Good for them.

  “Voyeur” He snorts.

  “Snitch” Both stare and then grin at each other.

  He puts her up to date. Helen also tells him she has been doing some things besides reconnecting with her dad.

  “Turns out? I can make a business out of my doors” She made doors for Melanie and Georgie, and Miss Barker gave her the idea to start some sort of business of transportation.

  “I just need a contract of course that establishes that sometimes it may take more time to reach destiny than intended. Just so i don't get in trouble”

  And the idea is quite good to be honest, and he asks her if she wants to collaborate.

  “Oh you just want discounts don't you?” She is plopped down on his desk eating popcorn while he writes a few documents.

  “Maybe so, are you going to judge me?” And she cackles, and it's… fun.

  
  
  
  
  

  Peter hugs him from behind, putting his chin on top of his head. They were in his room so there wasn't that much fear at being caught.

  “How did it go?” Elias knows he saw his sister, mostly for the stiffness on his body.

  “Surprisingly well, there were a lot of tears and… yelling, mostly on Clara’s part. But Aaron and Judith were happy. We talked a lot, about things we got wrong from the other’s and well. Basically what happened. They miss Lydia, and so do it, to be honest” Elias presses back against him, he likes the feeling of Peter’s chest, loves how nice his arms are around his middle.

  “Tadeas dropped by to see Rosie. Maybe you can tag along with him? To visit Mooreland, Helen wants to make a business with her doors” His partner snorts and buries his face on the crook of Elias neck, breathing in hard.

  “You were in the forest. How… are they?” Elias holds Peter’s hands and tells him, about finding Jon, about the fairies being fine and worried about him. How they aren't mad at all, just concerned.

  Peter says he doesn't deserve that, but he begs to differ.

  “It was an accident. You didn't want them to be hurt, you just wanted to be left alone” They talk more and eventually they end up lying in bed together, Elias pressing his face against Peter’s heart.

  “Was it all worth it?” The taller man’s hand rubs circles on his back.

  “Mm?” It was making him drowzee, the sunny day, the company and everything was making him want to take a nap. 

  “All those efforts to find Jon, to keep things in check” Elias simply sighs.

  “Part of it wasn’t, part of it 
  
    was 
  
  a waste, if I had known he wouldn't want anything to do with power I wouldn't have worried so much. Would have saved me so much grief” He feels like he should also ask him something in return so-

  “Was it what you hoped? Meeting them?” And Peter kisses the top of his head.

  “Sort of. I expected… rejection, but i got acceptance and regret instead, don't know what to do with it to be honest” Elias laughs.

  “Me neither. Want to figure it out together?” And as he looks up he sees Peter give him a small grin.

  “Would love to” And that sounds like a wonderful promise.

  
  
  

  They celebrate the new year. There is a party at the castle and fireworks for the town, Tadeas takes Rosie to Mooreland to celebrate and Elias lets them be. Peter says he will visit later.

  “I want to spend it here, didn't think i would make it this far… and i wouldn't choose anyone else to celebrate with than you” The confession softens him up enough to let Peter eat a bit of cake from his plate. Elias wouldn't have wanted to celebrate it with anyone else either.

  At midnight the two of them sneak away to a balcony and when the fireworks start, they kiss, Peter presses him against the railing as Elias holds onto him tightly, making every moment count. They haven't had time to do anything further than kissing, Pasha refuses to sleep a full night in her room and so they are interrupted every time.

  So they take any window of opportunity to steal moments like this together. Where Elias has the taste of wine and champagne in his mouth, where he can feel Peter press himself closer and closer, almost like he wants to wrap himself in him and not let go. Moments where Elias feels his body heat up and Peter be a bit more wild as he bites him and kisses him until he is weak at the knees.

  When a hand starts to move under his perfectly put shirt and he has to suppress a moan, they hear a pair of familiar voices coming closer. So with a groan, Elias pulls back and Peter pouts as he tries to hide any clue to their activities.

  Tim knocks first, thank god he has half a mind to know what they might be up to. Pasha for her part asks to have her party kiss so she can go to sleep.

  When he picks her up and asks what she means, she says that people were all kissing and that Timmy kissed Sasha, uncle Aaron and Oliver.

  Peter’s face at the news is priceless and makes Elias cackle while Tim becomes paler.

  “First Aaron!! What's next? Are you going to kiss my sisters as well?! Clara? Judith- if you kiss Judith i swear to god Tim-” Peter rants and Elias gives Pasha a kiss on the cheek. She grins wildly at him, and asks Peter for one too.

  The taller man doesn't stop ranting, but does lean down, kisses Pasha’s forehead and wishes her a happy new year.

  “So Tim-” Then he goes back to bash Tim.

  Lovely.
 
  Jon, Gerry and Sasha will stay for a few weeks more, there will be an announcement and celebration for Jon, when they do the official paperwork and declaration Elias will be the sole rightful heir to the throne. 

  This time he prepares back ups too, Oliver will inherit the place in case of his passing. Peter doesn't want the throne and Pasha is too young to make any choice regarding her future.

  The year ends well. 

  Elias is not alone getting drunk on champagne in his office after being at the party for an hour. Instead he is surrounded by people he cares, by his child who claps and snuggles on his chest as she starts to fall asleep, by his partner who is complaining to Tim about not dating his siblings, by Helen and Micheal… dancing and making people dizzy, Sasha has also become sort of a friend of his and he appreciates her presence, she, Jon and Gerry were enjoying the party, but were a bit more subdue. After all, there was one person missing from their group and the holiday was harsh on them.

  Rolling his eyes, he makes his way towards Pasha’s room, leaving the others behind. By the time he reached it she was fast asleep. He puts her in bed and puts her hair out of her face before covering her up.

  Going to his room, Elias puts on more comfortable clothes and gets distracted by the book he was writing. There were drafts, but he intended to make it a full story by the end.

  A story about a king and a runaway prince.

  His mouth twitches upwards. Elias started making it for Pasha, as a way for her to remember what she lost, but also… it started to devolve into a sort of fairytale of his own making. He is going to ask Peter to add his own chapters, the same as with Tim, he wants a few tidbits of what they thought here and there.

  Pasha as well, whatever she remembers, he will add.

  He manages to write a few more sentences before Peter enters the room and sighs, starting to take off his coat and ring. The change is instant and Elias is enthralled by it. The more clothes that Peter loses the less he pays attention to the paper, focusing on the lovely view in front of him. 

  Its when he is left in his undergarments, that he asks if Elias is going to sleep fully dressed up.

  “Mm, no, not really, why do you want to help me?” And the charged look Peter gives him, has Elias slowly stand up, stalking up his way towards the other.

  “Help me?” Peter nods and goes to slowly unbutton his vest, then his shirt. He doesn't fully take it off, but merely presses a warm hand over the skin there, slowly dragging it down to his navel. Elias' breath is caught in his throat.

  Peter huffs and moves his hand up again tracing his chest a few times, making him swallow hard.

  “Are you undressing me or just appreciating me?” The bastard merely shrugs.

  “Maybe a bit of both, you have no idea… how much you tempt me sometimes” Heat pools down and Elias loses his patience first.

  “Well, I just put Pasha in bed, we have… an hour, an hour and a half before she wakes up and comes here. Better make it count 
  
    Peter
  
  ” Elias lowers his tone and drags his hands over Peter's chest until they find the back of his neck to pull him down towards him.

  Yes he thinks as Peter pushes him down to the bed and stares down at him with hunger in his glowing eyes.

  Yes, he manages to think as he feels the man bite in the perfect spot, making him stifle a groan against his skin.

  This is the best new years eve he had in a long, long while.
 
  
    Chapter Text
    Days turn into weeks and then a month has passed. Peter visited Stella, took the rest of his siblings to see her as well. They discussed… a lot of things, which ended up with the decision of what to do with their mother.Clara and Aaron wanted her dead, Judith and Stella were partial to just incarcerating her. It came down to him.He hated to be the one who has to break the tie.Death would be fitting, its what she planned for him. But then again it was just… so easy. She would be gone, yes, but then what? It doesn't take away the damage she did to them. For all her lack of care for them she was, generally speaking, a good queen.In the end he chooses incarceration and magically binding whatever magic she has. She should live to see them be better than her, see that she didn't mess them up so badly to the point of no return.Clara tries to fight it, but Stella says that out of all of them, Peter has the most rights to what happens to her, seeing as she hurt him the worst by the end of her reign.By that she means, their mother tried to murder him and his vote has weight. So in the end Clara relents.None of them see their mother, Stella is the one who deals with her. They just know that their sisters say they will never see her again, but that she is paying for what she did.So that 's that.He stays a few days and… it's ok he supposes, its nice? To talk to all of them, there is still a looming terror of being punished, the place itself brings that fear back, but the more they interact and there doesnt seem to be any divine punishment the easier it becomes.His siblings stare at the empty wall, where the only painting of all five of them used to be. Peter used to do the same, after it was destroyed. It left him feeling empty and sick, he sees it in their faces. He itches to do something. In the end, he takes out the single photo he has, the one he got with Simon’s enchanted camera and shows it to them at dinner.They all look at it with different levels of surprise and emotion. “You wanted it?” It's Stella who asks. He nods.“It was proof that you existed and… I did miss you, even if I tried to convince myself otherwise” None of them know how to respond and in the end they seem to let it go.Or that is what Peter thinks, as he fails to notice Stella looking over at them with a small fond smile.
  
  
  
Eventually he goes back home. Clara, true to her nature and not really liking working in a coffee shop, decides to stay with Stella, saying that she needs someone to put the guards in shape. Peter doesn't fail to see how angry she got when he told her about how they locked him up as their mother requested.He already can see the training of pain that the guards will have.Judith wavers, but she is happier in the shop than at the castle, Aaron says that he will travel back and forth, he has ideas for new buildings and projects.Peter shrugs and says he will visit, that he already has enough with Elias and that technically he needs to start thinking about a wedding.They all stare and then start to ask questions. It takes a long time to explain and calm them down.
  
  
Peter walks in the forest a lot, he talks with the pixies, with the furry little beast that inhabits the place. He also walks on the beach, it was no longer gray, the water was the right blue color, the sky was clear and the place looked completely different from the one he remembered in his childhood. It made him awfully bitter somehow.So? He pours a little bit of that and fog slowly starts to creep in. Its not like before, a wall covering the entire place, but its enough to give him a smidge of familiarity. Peter picks up rocks.Partially because its something he recalls fondly and partially because he is going to marry and he needs to start somewhere. He knows what he has to do already and being here makes it easier, his sisters were already pouring out options and colors for the gemstones. Stella asked for the best ones to be brought back to the castle from the mines so he could pick one.Aaron was asking for artisans to come and make the necklace and clasp.Usually people buy rings, and yes Peter has already commissioned them here. Rings are easy. Its the necklaces that matter, if you are from the royal family you give both. They are a representation of your partner, his father got a purple one for his mother.All of them got ones as children, albeit Peter’s got taken away when his mother gave him Lydia’s after she left. Now Pasha has it, his sister tells him it fits the girl better than her anyways. So she doesn't miss it, instead she requests to have a new one.Peter picks up a greenish rock.Then he finds a shell and after a moment picks it up and looks at it. Missy loved picking up shells more than rocks. Said they reminded him of someone she loved.He realizes she meant Titania.Even if he has been here for days, there had been no words or apparition from the woman. Stella didn't see it either.She was gone.He considers briefly that thought that he may never be able to see her again, the idea makes his stomach twist and turn uncomfortable. No, he wants to see her. Peter fumbles about his day and eventually decides to write, its short and its just… an update on his life. He goes to the beach and puts it under the shell.When he goes back the next day both shell and note were still there. Peter picks a gemstone, for himself and for Elias. The necklace is completed and the rings are in his pocket secured. When he goes back home he finds a tired but ultimately awfully smug man snuggling their child as he teaches her to read.Pasha squirms and runs towards him so he picks her up high up in the air as she presses her tiny hands on his cheeks and cheers. Her tail swings excitedly and she kicks her legs back and forth saying that she got to dress up nice and that Jon and Gerry gave her piggy back rides. Elias gets up and kisses his cheek.Peter stares at the two of them for a moment and honestly says that he missed them.“We missed you two daddy”“Mm, did I miss you now?” But it's mischievous and Peter doesn't care.“Rude Mr Bouchard, very rude. You break my poor heart” And it makes Elias laugh, just as Pasha says Eye was lying and that he kept sleeping on daddy’s side of the bed , making him flush and deny it.Perfection.
  
  
  
Elias was annoyed, things were slowly going well, there were moments where he had awful moods, where seeing Peter would make him either feel anxiety and worry or Incandescent fury.It was hit and miss, but again, they were making due.Peter true to his word had his days where he was just… miserable, for no discernable reasons. Days where he would just stay in bed and refuse to see himself in a mirror, where spending time with him would cause him to freak out.Elias could know that it was because he felt undeserving of it.He tried his best to assuage those fears, just like Peter was patient with him when he was a bit too angry.Still they tried, but as the days would pass, so did the time limit he had. Yes he knew he was going to marry Peter, but the thing is… Elias wanted something nice, wanted something big! But since they had to do it before the deal was off, he had no way to get all the things he wanted, let alone organize a party like no other. His marriage would be quick and convenient.And it soured his mood considerably.So much so that after days of grumbling and bitching, enough so that both Rosie, Tim and even Gertrdue who by all means was retired yet she refused to leave yet- complained about it.In the end Peter caves and asks. Elias was tired enough that he breaks and admits what was bothering him.“I'm just bitter that when I finally want to marry, when I finally can marry the person i want. It's in a hurry and I cannot get all the things I want, let alone the guests. A celebration of the likes of the ball-! It took me months in advance to prepare. And in this case, since it's a royal wedding the town should get to see it and- and I don't even have anything nice to wear. My tailor is good but not that good to make something remarkable in less than a month. It's just not fair”Its not, he wanted this to be perfect, their entire relationship had so many bumps and chaotic situations that for once he wanted this to go well.“We cannot even get a proper cake tasting…” Oh how he would kill to get that “I know you don't like big things, or that you are fine with just us marrying and not seeing anyone else, but I care. I like big parties, I have fun planning them and this is such a missed chance. Not only that but i still havent picked up rings and… and… its very stupid i  know”Peter stares at him blankly for a moment and then tilts his head to the side, making a thoughtful look.“What?”“Shh i'm having a thought” Snorting he moves his hands to tell him to continue.They were at his tower, laying on the couch together.“Ok, so what if- and bear with me on this- we marry twice” Elias blinks, when Peter's expression doesn't change he tries to calculate what the hell does he mean.“I'm sorry but how do you expect that to go?” At that the taller man rolls his eyes at him and kisses his cheek.“I hate big events, but for you I will put up with it. A wedding, a small private one, with just people we like. We finish the deal with your entity and then months later we do the big one, the one you dream of. You can take as long as you want to plan it, to get the food, clothes, guests list, entertainment, even the announcement of your engagement-”“Oh i announced it alright during Jon’s celebration the entire town knows i'm marrying. I didn't say yet with who, since you mentioned not wanting to say who you really are, but people are speculating already. Its cute, they seem to think I'm into Joshua for whatever reasons” Peter snorts and shakes his head.“Ok, thank you for respecting that. But what do you think? Small and simple for me, and big and planned out for you later? And… that means twice the anniversaries, which means more celebrations and cake” That is a hard bargain.“You have good ideas from time to time my dear”“Oh i absolutely do, which brings me to this, can i plan this one? The small one I mean? I have just the right place for it and the perfect help too” Elias hesitates, but this is the most interesting Peter has been on something in a while, so with a bit of hesitancy and trepidation wondering what the man has in store. Elias agrees.Peter celebrates and kisses him before patting his clothes a few times.“Um-”“I did this wrong, hold on” After a moment he says aha! And takes something out of his coat pocket. Then he gets off the couch and kneels.“Elias Bouchard” Elias sees the box, and knows what it is, knows that they were technically engaged this whole time, hell he was complaining about not finding a ring himself.It doesn't stop him from gasping and staring completely surprised at the ring box.“I gave you a ring once, and the poor thing has gone through a lot, just like us. But I feel like you would like it better to have something that hasn't been eaten twice. So here we go. Elias Bouchard, you are a devilish little man and trouble follows the two of us when we are together, yet I would not change a thing. You have a reason to want to stay alive. You are my reason to live and the man I love and who saved my life by being stubborn enough to come back even if I hurt you. I love you and I want to stay with you for as long as we live, so? Do you want to marry me?” And he opens the box, two rings, Elias picks up the one with the green emerald with shaky hands.It was silver and had little waves around it, inside it said:  My lovely Siren. Peter’s ring was gold with a blue gem, it had tiny eyes engraved outside and inside…“You are an asshole, god i love you”Inside it said:  You are my reason. The full message was My lovely Siren you are my reason.And it makes him crack as he says yes before throwing himself at Peter and kissing him.“You- you!”“Me” They hold each other and kiss each other and ELias laughs and Peter envelopes him in his arms and fog comes and muffles the room from the outside world.
  
  
When he calms down, Peter gives him the second present. The necklace was beautifully carved, had small peacock feathers like sigils carved into it, and the gemstone itself was green in the middle and then it switched out to blue with golden flecks.Peter’s was the opposite, a blue center that became green but instead of drops of silver it had cracks almost vein-like surrounding it. “At home, the one who marries chooses a gem and a necklace for their partner to wear. The one I had originally is… gone. But I think this one fits me much better anyways. Its like a second ring in a way” Elias loves it and tells him as much. 
  
  
  
Peter doesn't tell him anything about their wedding, only that he invited the people who mattered. Rosie, Tadeas, Simon, Titania, Tim, Helen, Sasha, Jon, Gerry, Peter’s siblings and most of the staff since they all claimed to be supporting them from the beginning and to be left out would be plain rude. Peter doesn't like it, but Elias cannot complain they are in a way right.To be honest both wanted to invite Agnes, but they will do that for the bigger wedding. Elias figures he can get most of the royals he likes to come.So its a small affair for now.Still he despairs at not knowing much more, and also about his clothes, he knows it's a small thing, but not a single suit or outfit feels good enough for his wedding.Its exasperating.“Why don't you wear the outfit from the ball? I was thinking of using mine” Elias gapes at Peter and says that's a terrible idea and-“But why? Its regal, its beautiful you will look astounding. And its just for us” …He can't find what to say to that.“I just feel its cheap, like there is nothing more to it” Peter frowns for a moment, but ends up grinning. “Give it to me and I swear there will be something new by the time you wear it, promise” He has no idea what he is planning and not knowing is awful, but he did promise to not spy.“Fine!” At least getting Pasha a new dress is easy, the skirt was puffy and along with the sleeves. The lower half and the sleeves were white, but the upper part was a baby pink, with dark purple stripes running on it. Elias also got her a tiara, an actual one. She is a princess after all.The date approaches, the one they decided on, Elias has no idea of anything and its nerve wracking. But as everyone seems to be working up to something in the castle he figures that with their combined efforts the whole thing should be fine.Hopefully.
  
  
  
  
Peter has a general idea of what he wants, which is why he does the smart thing and gets Judith, Tim, Helen and Rosie to help him, because if he is honest with himself he is terrible at organizing things.Its between their collective suggestions based on his idea that they manage to put into shape the wedding.Rosie tells him a list of flowers that Elias likes, she tells him that some of them don't grow at this time of the year, but Peter laughs. Making flowers grow is no issue, he just needs to know which ones he needs and what they look like. She also is in charge of most of the manginc process.Judith is tasked with cake preparations, she goes to help the kitchen staff prepare the food for the party, so he can trust it will taste good.Tim and Helen are in charge of entertainment, or more specifically bring the entertainment. Helen has to prepare doors to pick up Simon, Titania along with his sisters and Tadeas from Mooreland.Peter however is the one in charge of finding and preparing the place for the ceremony and party. Also to fix up Elias clothes so they can be even more special.Easy, he knows exactly who to ask for help with that.
  
  
  
The fairies all swarm up to him, to the point that he falls on his ass as they all hug and nuzzle him. He gives up to his fate and lays in the grass waiting for them to get their fill.It takes an hour for everyone to finish cuddling him and asking him questions. Once they calm down he asks for their help to prepare his wedding for Elias, something that sets them off in excited chatter again. The day was long, but he managed to take several of them to the old abandoned church to see what they had to work with.“Ohhh this is perfect”“We didn't know of this place!!”“It has magic”“It has love-!”“It is perfect for you to show your love”“Good to know you approve, so? Do you think you can do what I asked?” And all the pixies, nature fairies and little beasts look around and nod excitedly.“This place will be ready, a wedding will happen and it will be perfect”“Yes! Clothes? King needs clothes, shall we make you more?”“Im a prince, how many times do i have to say it? But… I was thinking if you could fix up something for me. I loved the outfit you made for the ball and I want to use it again, because it means a lot and it's what I wore when I kissed Elias the first time” A collective aww from the pixies is heard. Several fairies giggle as he sees them control the grass and trees in the surrounding area.“Elias outfit from that day, can you make it special too? He wants something spectacular” Showing them the bad with it they all touch it and mutter.“We may! We will make it very, very special, leave it to us” And he does, he knows this will go well.
  
  
  
Peter likes to hear Elias read, he finds his voice soothing, something he doesn't want to tell him, because it will get to his head. Yet as the man cards his fingers through his hair and scratches his scalp with the most pleased expression ever, he feels as if he thought about that a bit too loudly.They were in the forest under their favourite tree, the pixies were all flying and doing their own business as the two of them lazed around. Peter cheek was squished against Elias leg, seeing as he was using his lap as a nice pillow.“You did, but also you are sort of transparent with those kinds of things” Rude.Still it's odd to know the man can now see into his head like he does with everyone else.“Is it better?” Elias finishes a paragraph, his voice even and melodious as ever.What a little shit.“The knowing, being able to read me like everyone else, it's like… puzzle solved huh?” Elias' lips go into a straight line and Peter fears he might have said something wrong.“Its… interesting, and now you are in my awareness too, so if i feel like it i can know where you are, generally speaking. But Peter… you're not a puzzle, not… not really. I wouldn't have gotten bored of you if i was able to read your head, albeit if i had many problems would have been solved earlier” And he realizes that's one of the things he said to him, the awful ones.Looking to the sky he stays quiet for a bit.“I thought sometimes, that you did keep me for entertainment. Or that you pitied me. Im sorry” Elias hand stays still, his face is tired, but its no angry.“I do tend to give people wrong impressions, but Peter? I enjoy your company, regardless of what I know or not. And even if I can see somewhat into that blurry head of yours? You are still a complicated person and I want to figure you out for myself. The greatest puzzle would be to know you the… normal way. And even if I did? FInd out everything there could be about you? I feel like you would just find more things to surprise me out of spite. I really love that about you” And the hand starts moving again and it scratches him just right, making him flutter his eyes close for a moment.“A puzzle worth solving huh?” Elias' hand goes to his cheek and pinches it.“A man worth knowing” And that-Peter gets up for a bit, and before Elias could complain he kisses him, his partner takes a few seconds to get his bearings and respond.When he pulls away he sees the blonde try to chase his mouth, making him chuckle, soon he drops onto his lap again and asks him to finish the story.“So, rude Peter. So, so rude” Its a while until Elias stops for a moment and gasps, startling him.“You little shit-!” Confused, he looks up to the outraged face of the handsome man. “I lent you those books, your chose the ones with the runaway prince on them, you are an absolute shit Peter, i can't believe you” And because he never learns his lessons he sasses him.“Right under your nose huh? Not so smart then little Siren” Elias gapes, and Peter knows he has few precious seconds to get up and run.So he does that.Elias yells, drops the book and gives chase.In the end as it always is with them they end up tumbling to the ground, this time Elias is on top and he has a wicked smile that makes him swallow.“Think- think of the poor fairies-” Yet as he says that there is suspiciously not a single one in sight. “Oh, hush, I have been thinking about doing this here…” And Peter is weak, and Elias is the most handsome and tempting man he has met. Needless to say it was great. Albeit and this Elias will never, ever let him live down-“You made flowers grow just as we- oh my god-” He was cackling laying next to him as they were surrounded by a quite beautiful nest of plants and flowers of all kinds.“SHUT UP” He fucking hates his magic working like this.“Its beautiful to be honest, touching too” Why- why did he get the nature inclined magic of his mother?? Why couldn't it be something, ANYTHING else than this!! Peter rolls to his side and bites Elias' shoulder. They were now only in their shirts and half made pants. “Please don't tell anyone” His partner laughs and wiggles a bit until Peter relents and holds him against him.“I won't, but if every last flower in the castle blooms then it's not my fault if someone connects the dots” Peter really needs to practice this whole thing, usually he doesn't have that much power, but as with everything involving him, things aren't that simple.“It didn't happen before, it's just… I guess most of my magic was sort of working on keeping me alive, so there wasn't much for me to use. Yes sometimes things bloomed, but that was just… normal. I didn't realize i could do this” Elias grabs his hand and traces the scars there, Peter didn't feel like wearing the ring if it was just them. “Well, I suppose i could look for tips on how to control it and… the two of us could figure it out, or if you don't feel like it we can get someone to help”And that is a kind offer.“I think… i wouldn't mind experimenting with you, just as long as you don't make an entire folder with all the information you have one me”…“Elias please do not keep records of my powers im begging you”“Sorry?” God dammit. Peter decides he can find them later and tear them apart once he is done with him now. Turning ELias around this time Peter sits on top of him.“You are such a control freak”“Your control freak, round two, flower boy?” God he wants to punch his smug little face. But he thinks he will rather have him lost in pleasure, better to be honest.“Shut up love” He kisses him hard and they go back to pulling and moving against each other.At the end of it, they do end up with even more flowers, but Elias elects to make them flower crowns and a few bracelets for Pasha. A lovely afternoon to be honest. Even if he got teased mercilessly and got the nickname of flower boy.
  
  
  
In the coming days, Peter feels restless, Elias is very anxious and keeps trying to ask for what will happen, but he keeps quiet.Yet its not nerves or doubts that make him feel like that. He knows this is what he wants, no, its the… empty space where Missy should be that bothers him. The not knowing. Then there is also the vindication against his mother. It grows and grows until Peter decides on a whim that he wants to rub it in that he made it, that she didn't break him.He takes a day off and goes to Mooreland by Helen’s door with the pretext of visiting Stella for the wedding plans. He doesn't want to lie to his friend, but if he said the truth, he would be questioned and coddled.And he is a grown man, he doesn't need coddling.Stella hesitates, but ultimately his sister respects his choice, enough to take him to the tower their mother is locked in. Clara stays by the door, neither Peter, Stella or her trust the guards to guard him with their mother, even if she is currently powerless.The room is nice, he notices the windows are too high up for anyone to see the outside, but they still let light in. Its not a dungeon, it's a refurbished room, fit for someone of her standing.His mother is dressed impeccably as usual. There is a small tea table she is sitting in front of, ignoring his presence completely.Stella chose this punishment, for the simple fact that it was exactly what she did to their father and them when they misbehaved. Lock them up for an indefinite amount of time.“Mother” She is stubborn, staring at a small painting of a field hanging on the wall. Peter sighs.“I am getting married soon” He waits and eventually she sighs.“Should I congratulate you then? I suppose it's proper, congratulations Peter, for securing an alliance with a relatively high standing kingdom. Your future husband is handsome enough and any children you magically produce will have lovely genes” He keeps a pleasant smile even if he wants to glare.Magic children are a blessing rare enough as it is. They have Pasha already and he doesn't need the passive aggressiveness.“I do it because I love him” To which his mother frowns slightly.“Good for you, try to keep an eye on him, or perhaps try to not swerve yours. Runs in the family” A long pause.“Did you truly love him, even a little bit?” Her face is impassive for a moment, but it breaks down to bitterness.“I loved him as it was possible for me, not like you with Elias, or Lydia with that scammer sailor of hers-” Scammer-“Mikaele-” The fact that his mother gives him an: are you dense look, offends him more than when Elias does.“Peter keep up please, I had to monitor them constantly as he kept coming to make business. Your little clandestine meetings were not warranted a follow up, but Lydia’s? Lydia was the future queen, and yes at some point the Lukas stopped marrying high profile citizens, but a sailing merchant is perhaps the lowest of the low. So i kept them as far away as possible, a monumental task to be honest, they were stubborn and keen on seeing each other”That just- “Good thing she learned her lesson and that he won't bother her again” “What is that supposed to mean exactly?” His mother stares head on towards the door.“A kindness, from someone who knows better, is all I will say on that matter. But back on your question? I loved him in my own way, and I thought perhaps it was enough. Yet it never was going to be. Your father was too soft and craved a touch that I could not give, and the betrayal was too much, he had to go. For my and your sakes”That infuriates him.“Don't get us involved in your revenge, we had nothing to-”“The mistress was pregnant. I was not of royal blood, a divorce and he could marry again, legitimate the child, and… by loving her or the child he would break the curse. I would be shamed publicly, but you five? Children of the previous queen rumored to be a witch, would put you under a bad light. He would get rid of you in favor of his new normal family. I raised you to survive, what use could he have for survivors when he would have a child who would know the sun from birth?”Its insane. The idea that their father could even do that is insane.“You- you said so, he was soft, he wouldn't abandon us like that-” She takes a moment to reply.“Maybe, maybe I was wrong, maybe he would have only embarrassed me and joined his new child as your sibling. Maybe all of you would have been ok. But we will never know for sure. What is done is done and i don't regret a single thing i have done”Peter fists tightened up.“You don't care about hurting us. Do you hate me? Is that why you wanted me gone? Because I look like dad?”Anna, mouth turns down.“Hate is a strong feeling, and i don't. I don't hate any of you, I feel… disappointment most of the time, but i'm also impressed by some of you and what you accomplished. I feel pride from time to time, its small and brittle but its there. You were born out of necessity, and I raised you to be survivors. The fact that you all managed until now is impressive on itself”Peter's feelings are very mixed, but what stands out to him the most is the word.“Surviving doesn't mean living. I survived for as long as I could here, we all did, and when I left I was just doing the same thing in a different way. I lived once I stopped worrying about all the things you taught us to be afraid of. I lived and loved when i decided you were wrong”His mother never looks at him directly, but for a moment he thinks she does glane at him.“Why are you here Peter?” Easy.“To gloa-”“No, you aren't here to gloat about your silly attempts on a moral high ground, or about your husband , or to recriminate me. Not even here for answers” Crossing his arms petulantly he asks her then what does she think he is doing here.“You wished to see your mother” At that he laughs, but she clicks her finger once and he shuts up.“Not me, your mother” Peter is now left puzzled, something she doesn't find entertaining, since she gets up and goes to pace a little bit. “I gave birth to you, to all of you. Harrowing experience mind you, but after the second time its a bit more easy to handle”Eugh not information he wanted at all.“I'm your birth mother, but I'm not the one who tried to raise you, for all that I hated her, I knew she was doing what I could never bring myself to, what I could never be for any of you. So? You can't find her and you came here, because I'm the closest thing you have to a mother, even if we are all aware that is not quite the case, not in the way one may think of a family. You are getting married soon and you have no way to locate her, hence this visit”Its not… Peter doesn't want to give her the reason. Even if he knows deep down that she is partially right.His mother sighs.“I'm not a kind person, not in the slightest. I am however a business woman. So? A deal, the book that Lydia found, has spells, and I believe there is one strong enough to track her down. I only ask of one thing in exchange, and one thing only”“I'm not letting you out of your-” She scoffs.“No, Peter, I don't want to go out. For all that I am, I believe in fairness, and your sister beat me in a fight fair and square, she is queen now and I respect that. I want a room that looks directly to the garden, with windows where I can see it from. Gardening is… the one thing I truly enjoy, and even if I cannot do it anymore I want to at least see the product of my labor. I spent years in it. The spell in exchange of the view is all i ask, Lydia will know which one you need, usually i would ask for her to do it, but your magic is closer to Missy’s so it will be more useful”Its a surprisingly cheap price.“Why did you never show me how to use magic?” Finally his mother gives him an annoyed look.“To be completely honest? I don't like your magic, it's too wild and unpredictable. Too… feeling based. Lydia’s was more like the ones from my sisters and mother. Your’s was just not and, well usually if a man was born with magic he would be taught by an uncle or father with the same power. It was simply too complicated and annoying to do it” “Rude” And in a moment that he probably will never forget, his mother’s lips twitch up in a half smile.“Very much so, now? Off you go, i believe once we get what we want we wont see each other again, and i for one think that's the best for all of us. Good luck with the wedding”
  
  
Stella agrees to the room change, and when the room is ready and their mother secure, they move her to the tower that oversees the garden and the town. Anna tells them that the book is hidden under the painting of great grandfather in his study. Apparently there was a small safe behind it.“Is- this ok with you Stella? Doing what she wants? I know I want to see Missy, but if you-” She shakes her head.“I thought about it, the room, I just put her there in the first place out of pettiness. But as horrible as she is, I get it in some ways. I would be miserable without seeing the sky or the ocean. The plants are her own happiness”“Happiness we could never give her” He knows that, so does she.“Yes, more of her children than we are in a way. But I'm tired of continuing this trend of making others suffer because they hurt us. This is the best I can do for her and if this gives you closure? Then take it”She shows him the spell and explains it's a summoning spell, a very strong one.“Just use something that has value for the two of you and she will appear” With that advice, Peter takes a deep breath and hugs his sister. Stella freezes up and eventually hugs him back.“Mikaele is an idiot, but you know if you like him, that's fine” It takes a moment for her to grasp what he means and then she bursts into laughter.“Oh- oh rabbit” He doesn't elaborate and she keeps laughing as he feels his face warm up. When she finally calms down her smile is bright.“Thank you”And he doesn't know why she is thanking him, but it feels nice. Before he goes she shows him something.Peter looks at it mesmerized.It was a portrait. It was a portrait of their family.All five of them now, and in the back with a gentle smile and wearing her favorite light blue dress there was Missy.“How-” She looks at it with love.“I made it. Have been working on it since I came to stay here, I just didn't want to say anything before, not until it was done. It's… our family is broken, but it's ours, and I love you, all of you. And Missy… she matters to you, she matters to all of us in one way or another. So she should be there” It looks so beautiful. Peter swallows down and tries to keep any tears at bay.“I love it” He truly does. The thing that truly shocks him are the expressions. None of them looked sad anymore. It painted a nice future a more hopeful one at least.
  
  
  
  
  
He goes home and picks up the rocks he brought from Mooreland, the ones that he originally picked up with Missy at the beach when he was a child.Sitting in the forest he puts them on the ground and finally recites the words written in the spell. It doesn't do anything, and he thinks his mother tricked him. So he re-reads the instructions.Think of the person.Ok, he missed that bit.Again he tries, only this time he thinks about Missy. He thinks of the first time they met, when he was a child and she offered him cookies, of the times she took him to the forest to learn about magical creatures, about walking the beach, playing games, singing him songs and telling him stories. Of holding hands and giving warm gifts. Of flower crowns and laughter when he has never seen someone laugh like that before. Gentle hands… healing up cuts and scrapes from exploring the woods, gentle words of encouragement-Swallowing hard he repeats the spell over and over while thinking of that.Eventually he thinks of the bad too, of tears and guilty looks, of food that was a trap, of well meaning intentions that still hurt.Of thinking that it was all a lie and that she really didn't care.“Oh dear i do care, but i just wanted you to be finally free of me, i already ruined everything else, this is the least i could do for you child” At some point he closed his eyes and when he opens them the place is quiet and there is fog in the ground. Where the rocks used to be is now Missy is standing there with her usual blue dress, albeit her hair was actually loose for once. She looked exactly as he remembered her.“Hello” She smiles albeit hesitantly.“Hi Peter”
  
  
She sits next to him, just like when he was a child. Her hands stay on top of her lap its quiet.“I lived” She nodded.“I know, i'm glad that you met someone, that you allowed yourself to love them” And that is not right.“But I didn't, Elias had to force me to admit it, I was afraid and stubborn and I hurt him for it, we are still paying the price for that. We… are trying to be better” She remains still in place, merely watching the fog move in unnatural swirls.“That's good, that means you are growing, we all are, we never stop learning” Peter feels awkward.“Why didn’t you say goodbye? Why leave? I spoke to you in Mooreland, you listen” “I did, and I just… I hurt you, all of you, for so long, even if it never was my intention. And you are right, I lied and I did something to you that cannot be taken back. Would I change it? No, I wanted you to live, more than anything, I cannot apologize for that” And it is such a familiar argument.That's what he told Tim.“I was mad, and angry and I hated you, but I was more hurt at the idea that you never cared and that I was just something to play with. I didn't choose this” Peter takes off the ring and she takes a short breath. “But I will live and get used to it. I don't want you gone, I don't want you out of my life. I want you here, I'm patching up things with my siblings, me and Elias are trying our best to not fall into bad patterns. We are all improving and sometimes we cannot forgive what we did to each other. But it doesn't mean I want you gone. You are my mother, in everything but blood. And I want you in my life, unlike my real mom. So… Do you want to come to my wedding?”Missy looks down and he can't see her face well, her hair was mostly curtaining it, but once she pulls it back a bit he sees her eyes were wet and that she wasn't smiling, in fact she looked very, very upset.He panics.“I will hurt you again, it's better if I'm gone child, you can live a happy life. I already ruined things. I accepted your mother’s deal because I thought you were alone, and if you were to die, I wanted you to know you were loved. I didn't think you would flourish and find people to care for like you did. I was narrow sighted and stupid and i ruined you and- and alsmot caused you to-” The fog grows and her shape wavers into something less solid. Peter looks around and sees a few flowers bloom near his hand. He picks them up and puts one behind her ear making her stare at him.They had the same glowing eyes.“I like it when you are happy.” Peter adds a second flower. “You didn't know and neither did I, about what my life would turn into. I expected to die alone at sea, yet fate has a funny way to change things for the better. I'm hurt, but I love you. And I want you in my life and… people, even those who care for each other can hurt each other. I'm fine with it, you know what I wouldn't be ok with?” She shakes her head and he adds one more flower.“Never seeing you again, that would make me very sad. So… mom please can you stay?” And Missy looks at the last flower he offers her. She picks it up gingerly and snorts in between tears.“I would love to, if you would have me” Peter nods and it takes no time for her to launch herself towards him in a hug. “Warm hugs for my child” He laughs and maybe his eyes are also a bit wet. It feels like a beginning, like healing.
  
  
  
  
  
Elias' face is very cute, especially when he sleeps, it lacks any frowns, any smugness or deviousness. It's incredibly human and Peter loves it. He also thinks it's funny that if he boops his nose while the man sleeps he scrunches it up. It reminds him of Captain.They are getting married soon, late afternoon in fact, Peter must get up soon so he can go to the old church and start the preparations. Missy is helping him too, she even got pixies from Mooreland to come as well to make a few adjustments.Still, even if he knows he should get up, its cozy here. Its warm and cozy and Elias is there. Their honeymoon is just a few days in the ship, its nothing grand, Helen even offered to take them somewhere cool, but he thinks a few days alone are ok. Besides they have another wedding to make a bigger deal of it that's the case.No, Peter wants something simple.His fiance rolls over to his back and leaves a small pool of drool on the pillow. Disgusting, he will tease him about it later. Still Peter snorts and caresses his jaw a bit. Elias sighs in dreams and presses his cheek to his hand.The amount of feelings he has for this little bastard could fill many books. But saying them outloud would be too embarrassing. Not because he is ashamed, but because Elias would never let him live it down if he did.And to have this man use it as ammo for the rest of their lives, it would be a never ending nightmare.“I love you, and I can't wait till the afternoon.” He can't. so finally with a sigh and a kiss to the lips, Peter gets up and changes as quietly as possible.He writes a small note for Elias telling him the right times and finishes by leaving the modified outfit on the desk. Even if it looks the same, he saw what the fairies did to it, Peter can only hope that Elias trusts him enough to wear it.Now it was time to go. He has a church to see.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Elias wants to kill Peter, the outfit looks exactly the same. He will utterly wrangle his neck when he sees him, its too late to get something else to wear, so with resignation he puts it on. Then he applies makeup and finally helps Pasha dress up, Elias has to, according to the note his partner left, find Tim and Helen and let them take him to the wedding place.Through all of this, Elias has hastily put any nervousness behind, any anxiety and fear and… and doubt.He doesn't doubt that Peter loves him, or that he wants to marry him. He doubts that they will work. That maybe things don't pan out right, or that this whole thing will end up crashing and their wedding will fail.That its a sign.He sits down on the bed and breathes in and out. Its anxiety pre wedding. That's all, it's Elias having no control over anything today and letting it get over his head. Simple as that. Pasha touches his leg making him uncover his face to her big eyes.“Dad? Do you want me to hold your hand?” He blinks bewildered. “Pasha isn't scared when you hold my hand, so if we hold hands we can be brave” Oh, he must really look like an anxious wreck if the girl picked up on his anxiety. With a small nod she grabs his hand with her tiny ones.“Better Eye?” He nods gently.“Very much so Princess, will you bring Duchess and Captain as the note asked?” She nods.“Sad Opal can't come” It would be very complicated to maneuver that. “Eye, why are you sad?”“I'm not, i'm not sad. I'm just a bit… overwhelmed with this, i feel kind of useless. Usually i'm the one organizing, so…” Its better to say that then tell her his fears.Pasha nods sagely.“But this is a gift! A surprise because daddy loves you. Isn't it nice? To just do something and not- not worry?” Maybe to most but he is a bit of a control freak.“Heh, perhaps” He takes a deep breath, too late now for panic. “Lets go Princess, time to go get Tim and Helen” The girl nods and tells the cats to follow, something that both seem to get.Huh, from Duchess he understands, but Captain?
   A Familiar… 
He ignores that.
  
  
The sky was clear and sunny, while the weather was perfect. It would be a lovely day for a wedding. Helen pulls at him, while Tim grins wildly and pats his back and then makes him spin him around. Both of them were dressed up fancily, making him feel a bit lost.“Just as handsome as I recall!!! So, your highness? Time to go, are you ready?” And Elias knows that this is the moment of truth. Nodding he has Tim link arms with him while Helen guides them along with Pasha and the cats across her hallways.She stands practically vibrating with energy in front of the closed yellow door at the end of the hallway."Here we are, we all worked very hard on this. Peter chose the place and everything, said it meant a lot to you both, plus its perfectly fitting."Fitting?“Well? Ready to open the door?” Pasha grabs his free hand and looks up excitedly. He swallows hard, this is it. He hopes… it's not a sign that things will go wrong.But as he opens the door and gets hit with several familiar smells, as he steps out and sees where he is and what Peter must have done with the place, Elias feels like he got all the breath stolen from his lungs.The old church that used to look abandoned and destroyed looked almost new, the grass that was overgrown was now cut in a regular pattern. Flowers and bushes of his favorite plants were growing around. The old overgrown plants that separated the place from town were now alive and living, they were blooming. Above him there were trees that definitely weren't there before. all making a perfectly put arch. Petals flew from above slowly falling in an unnatural way. The ground was covered in pink and purples making a path to the church.Elias looked around, tables and magical lights were set outside, the sun was slowly on its way of descending making the whole place light up in hues of orange creating an even more eye catching effect.In the sky he could see pixies flying and giggling, waving at him and wishing him well. He waves back a bit too shocked to respond properly. If he was astounded before it becomes more obvious as he the path guides him, not inside the church, but rather around it. In the other end of the plot, there was now a giant willow tree, but the interesting thing was that its leaves were actually pink.Tim nudges him back.“That's for later, let's get you to meet inside” He is dragged inside the building but he can't stop watching the show of lights.Tim points to the stairs to the tower and winks at him. Everyone else was seated inside.Elias walks almost in a trance, Pasha stays with Tim. Upstairs he sees Peter who keeps fiddling with the new necklace, the one he got for the occasion. Elias steps closer and helps him put it in place. He sees him catch his breath.“Hello” Peter's voice is soft.“Hi” He can't seem to know what to say surprisingly enough. Both of them look at each other, Elias hands stay on over Peter’s collar.“Its beautiful, what you did is…i can't believe it” His partner puts his hands over his and presses his forehead to his.“I thought… you told me the story of the curse that got broken here, and i realized that it was the same situation. This place? This is where things really began, I saw you. I really did that day, and even if bad things were said here, even if… Jane and my own words harmed you. I really wanted this place to be good. Because to me it is, because you made it so for me. I hope its not too forwards to say now?” And Elias is an idiot.For doubting at this point, for thinking there would be a sign here to tell him things will go wrong.“I love it. Peter… you have no idea how much it means to me this” Elias closes his eyes and they stay like that for a moment, with their foreheads touching and just… enjoying this little moment. The sun starts to set and so they step back.Peter offers his hand and they walk down hand by hand.“You lied, the suit looks just the same” He can't help but pout at that.Yet Peter laughs and chuckles.“Why do you think I chose the sunset for this moment?” Puzzled, he tries to ask, but then they reach the lower level.“Trust me, there is a big difference. Now, I promised Simon he could walk me down. Also heads up? He is going to marry us, so uh, do not be alarmed, i couldn't get someone else to do it, or more like he wouldn't listen to a word i said about it”Ok, that is definitely something. Elias nods and steps back for a moment. Simon appears dressed up appropriately for the occasion. He congratulates him and grabs Peter’s arm pushing him to start walking inside. With a sigh and a fond smile he sees the whole thing go. Its when he is about to prepare to do his own walk that someone touches his arm gently. Startled, he turns and sees Missy smiling brightly at him. She was wearing another baby blue dress, only this time it sparkled a bit and he could see fog like shapes on it.“Shall i? And honestly? Elias has no one else to do this with” He nods. She links arms and they stand there waiting for his cue.“I'm glad i can see this” He is too.“He found you” Missy nods.“He did, he is always full of surprises. Its like he always wants to surprise you” “Heh, yes, he does… it's amazing isn't it?” Again there is something nostalgic about the way she looks at him, an expression painfully familiar that makes him a bit weak on the knees.He misses his mother all of a sudden.“Sorry, usually I forget I can do that. Peter doesn't hold any fond feelings for Anna, let alone grief”“I'm not- i just-”“Miss her, understandable. I'm sure she would have loved to be here” And… Elias thinks she would have. Everyone stays quiet as he enters, then Jon out of all people starts to play music and god, this is already so… silly. Gerry and Sasha play as well, and their little trio make an actual lovely tune.As he walks, Pasha walks behind him throwing petals of flowers, while their cats-
   Are those their rings??? 
The cats have tine baskets with their things on their necks,  oh my god that is so funny and endearing. He is trying very hard to not laugh at the ridiculousness. Still he can't suppress the grin that Peter seems to match.As he walks he sees the lights outside dim, until the sky turns dark, that's when Peter’s outfit starts to change colors again. Going from the blue coat to the white one instead. As he sees that he notices him pointing at himself.Elias looks down and realizes that his own clothes were now also changing colors, the people there were all making surprised noises.Instead of green his coat started to turn blue, the pattern on it has golden details now, all resembling the pattern of the peacocks feathers. His blue waistcoats became white instead. The collar also changed colors, instead of blue it also turned white.Finally the peacock cape that used to be all in green, turned into a gradient of shimmering white, blue and green.   It shone .By the time he reached Peter he wanted nothing more than to kiss him in the spot.“Told you it was special”Helen was standing next to Elias, she did say she wanted to be his best woman, Rosie was there as well giving him an encouraging smile. Tim, Stella and Tadeas were all on Peter’s side.Missy picked up Pasha and sat next to Titania, dropping her head against her arm as the tall woman put her arm around her back.The people he cared about were all there. The staff was all watching with huge smiles while waving at them.It was…Peter gives him a mesmerized look, as if he could believe Elias was here in front of him. He must be no better.Swallowing hard, he listens to Simon talk and makes a few jokes before starting the actual ceremony. Elias thinks- Simon asks if anyone opposes, and it's very funny seeing Gertrude herself giving the most venomous look to the attendees. as if anyone would say not to this. He can't help but to chuckle, he didn't even expect her to come.Later Peter says she invited herself and everyone was too scared to tell her no.Fitting. Simon asks for the rings and they grab them from the cats. Peter hesitates, but he takes off the glamor. He hears a few gasps, but he doesn't care. Elias stares at the white haired man and knows this is right.He replaces the magical ring for their wedding ones. Peter's face is a bit blue. Elias snorts and tells him he looks very pretty.The blush intensifies and Elias hears Judith start to cry. He really thinks- “You may kiss the groom!” Peter smiles and holds his face between both his hands, leaning down while Elias moves up, they meet in the middle. People cheer, and Peter- Insane, annoying man that he is, dips him. He holds him firmly as Tim and Helen wolf whistle at them.
   You won, congratulations 
 Elias truly thinks that he is willing to do it all over again, exactly the same if it meant he would reach this point again. His patron sounds amused and feels rather happy. 
   Perfect outcome, even if it was a bumpy ride 

  
  
  
When they go outside the pixies and fairies light up the place, and the willow tree that wasn't there before lights up as thousands of glowing yellow butterflies fly out of it making a show of lights. Everyone gasps and cheers and Elias laughs and holds Peter’s hand.The party is perfect in its imperfections. Tim and Danny who came with Simon apparently almost break a table by playfully wrestling, Pasha steals a bite of his chocolate cake before even Peter or him could taste it.Rosie gets a bit hammered and Tadeas realizes that she is much bolder like that.  The cats chase the butterflies that come and go. Gerry almost starts a fist fight with Gertrude just to prove a point and as the night continues and more things go off the rails, the more he laughs and leans into Peter who watches with fond amusement at the insanity caused by their friends.Helen dances with Elias making him feel like he got high all over again, even if he hasn't smoked anything of the sort in years. Micheal threatens him, but also congratulates him, so he assumes they are ok.Stella kisses his cheek and tells him she wishes him the best. He thanks her and tells her the same, saying that she should really go pick up her date, cause he looks like a spooked horse.Her face as she turns around and see Mikakele wave nervously at her was priceless. Apparently Peter hunted him down when he realized there was something going on between them.Seeing Mikaele cower from a woman half his size was way too funny, just as it was seeing him look absolutely gobsmacked when Stella grabs his hand and invites him to dance. He gets now what everyone means when they say he and Peter made eyes at each other.Aaron and Tim disappeared at some point causing Peter to bump his head against Elias' shoulder in defeat.
  
  
Missy and Titania danced, then Titania and Simon. Finally Pasha tugged at Missy to dance with grandma. The wonder on her face could make a lovely picture. Speaking of which.Simon brings the camera and they take full use of it all night long. The man also tells him that by the next wedding he will have their gift, that the only fitting thing can be a family portrait for all of them. The short king points to Peter, Pasha and Elias.“I love it” And he does.
  
  
Elias and Peter fall into their bed by early morning, Pasha is passed out in her room. “Hello Peter Lukas Bouchard” Peter nuzzles his neck and breathes in.“Hello Elias Lukas Bouchard” Rolling to his side Elias kisses Peter, over and over again.“Was it all you wanted?” Elias thinks hard on it.“No” Peter's face falls and before he pulls back, Elias tangles their legs and holds him.“It was much more better, thank you love”  “You are welcome. Good night Elias. Husband dear” He closes his eyes.“Love you beloved husband” Peter snorts and kisses him one more time. Today was the perfect day, and it was the beginning of their life together.Through all of the hardships, through the odd beginning, they made it, against all odds they made it.They got their happily ever after.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
“- And so the kings of Opperior lived happily, sometimes they fought, sometimes they got angry, but they always came back together in the end. The kingdom flourished, Elias' ideas of connecting the lands and helping with communications brought stability and solidified the alliance between lands. Pasha grew up, and she became the first changeling queen of Opperior. She treated her subjects with the same love and kindness as her fathers before her. She brought the union of the supernatural with humanity in Opperior just like in Aella, turning the place into a safe haven for any creatures”“Elias and Peter lived together for many, many years, and Elias himself, despite not being touched by fae magic, beyond what his patron gave him, lived far longer than one normal human. But in the end as all things must come to an end he died first, Peter was too close to be a fairy and his lifespan was extended”“The loss of the love of his life hit him hard, and even with his daughter, his mother and his grandchildrens, there was a heavyweight he couldn’t lift from his soul. It was because of that that he asked his mother a favor, through the years he would come to realize what the pixies meant by him being a king of two crowns. Because Missy, in her love for her son, named him her hair, basically turning him into fae royalty. Twice a king over”“Peter asked to be given the chance to meet Elias again in the next life. His mother thought about it, and after hesitating told him that she could do that, but that he would need to give up all the magic he had now. Without that he would die very quickly, but Peter told her that he lived a long life, longer than he ever hoped to have. And so he was at peace, he said goodbye to his daughter and his grandchildren. And asked Missy to do him a last favor, to write this last chapter of the story they used to write to Pasha with Elias”“She agreed and with a teary goodbye and a promise to meet again she pulled and used her magic and Peter’s to ensure that he and Elias met again in their next lives”“Peter wrote a note, an epilogue of sorts, he gave her the page and said goodbye for the last time”
   Hey Elias, please don't be mad, I stayed alive for a few more years after you were gone, but it was just too… boring without you. The kids are fine and so is Opperior you control freak. 

   I hope that we may meet again, that even if we don't end up together, i get to have you in my life just causing the most chaos possible. As much as I complain, I will admit it's fun. 

   I hope that we also have kinder lives, that we meet sooner and that no matter what, in whatever shape or form there is? We get to meet each other again. 

   Your beloved, hah! husband Peter Lukas Bouchard. 
“And so the story ends, with a promise to meet each other again. They lived, they died and they loved each other. This was their story. Happily ever after are hard to come by, they take effort and the right people, and sometimes if you are lucky and you work hard enough you can have them. This is goodbye”……Jonah finishes reading, when he turns to see his friend, he catches him with eyes closed.“Did you fall asleep!” The other boy starles, making him think that yes, he did fall asleep.“Mm? No, no i was just-”“Oh cmon, I saw your eyes were closed, I made all that effort and you-” Ugh-! It's the last time he listens to the boy’s request to read outloud if this is how he is treated.“I was just… your voice is very nice, I was listening, I swear. Peter promised to meet Elias again, i heard all of it, you know i wouldn’t miss it, its my favourite book”The boy frowns at him, but it's marred by how pretty his face is, something Jonah has trouble not getting flustered by. It's even made harder by the comment of his voice being nice.“O-Oh, shut up…. He did. Do you think they managed? To meet each other again?” They were at the old abandoned church, it was their spot, free of anyone’s teasing or bullying. Jonah met his friend when he was 10, three years ago. He had been running away from a bunch of classmates who kept calling him by the wrong name.He was Jonah Magnus now, not-… His mother said they were idiots and he agreed, he was a boy, it just took him a bit to figure it out. Anyways, he ran and found… the entrance to this place, hidden away between a bunch of plants. It's when he entered that he realized this was the church from the book. The magic, or whatever was done for the wedding kept all the flowers, all the trees- everything as it was described. He walked in wonder looking around and following the petal road to the back where the willow tree stood with its pink leaves.He did not expect to meet a boy his age there, he was squinting at a book and had a kitten on his lap. From what he could hear he was trying, rather clumsily, to read to the cat. Its when the boy realized that he wasn't alone and they stared at each other that he got hit with such a sense of… familiarity. As if they had met before, even if heas sure he never saw the sandy haired boy in his life.In the end they ended up hanging out here all the time. The book his friend was reading was the same one that Jonah always begged his mother to read him at home.
  The story of the runaway prince.
Its not that the other boy couldn't 't read, it's just that he needed glasses, but was too stubborn to use them because a few kids mocked him for how he looked with them on. Needless to say Jonah told a bunch of rumours about them and they got in so much trouble with their parents they never tried to do that again.“...”“Don't give me that look  Pietro !” “Dont pull at my hair  Jonah -!” Pietro sits straight instead of leaning against him, rubbing his head where I pulled at his hair. He was very pale, had sandy colored hair, freckles and…
   Pietro stares at him with the most pretty blue eyes he has ever seen.  
“But… to answer your question… I think so” That's interesting.“Yeah? What makes you believe so smart ass” Still even if he has a sort of crush on his friend it doesn't matter. He doesn't want to ruin things between them. Jonah already struggles enough as it is to keep the very few friends he does have“Rude! I will tell your mom” Ugh-“You wouldn't dare-! I will tell yours that you were the one who broke the fence”“Me?! You were the one who wanted to climb it and dared me to do it first”They bicker back and forth until they end up leaning against each other again. Jonah, peeks from time to time at the other boy's face, Pietro is really pretty and even if he tells himself to stop, he can never bring himself to.“Can I see the illustrations?” He is startled by him, but with a nod he puts the book in between their legs and opens the last pages.There are a few copies of photos of Elias and Peter, but on the last two pages there are drawings, replicas of the portraits in Mooreland and Opperior’s castle. Stella’s and Simon's gifts for Elias and Peter.Jonah has a fascination with tracing his fingers over the one drawings with the royal family. Elias, Peter, Pasha, Captain and Duchess. All of them wearing fancy clothes and looking forwards with different expressions, usually in portraits you made the person look serious. But king Simon chose instead to portrait what he thought was funnier, which was to show them as they really were.Elias looked exasperated, but still had some sort of fond smile for the Peter in the painting who was holding Captain who had a tiny bonnet and looked mighty proud of it. Pasha was wearing a puffy dress and Duchess was pawing her tail while the girl’s face was grinning wildly.And so the portrait wasn't as regal as one would expect, but what it lacked in that department it made up for with the sheer love you could see in it. The painting was almost like a photograph, catching the real moment between all these people, showing them for what they were and how much, despite everything, they loved each other . Jonah had seen it live, his school had a trip to the castle grounds and they got to see the portrait room. The real thing is even more breathtaking. At least to him, his classmates thought it was funny and well done, but he felt such an ache at seeing the happy couple and child.Pietro told him that back when he used to live in Mooreland he also got to see the Lukas family portrait, that it was even more pretty and that you could actually feel how much care Stella put into making each sibling look happy. Pietro said that Missy looked a lot like his mom which always makes him happy.Both of them stare at the pictures for a long while. Eventually he turns to the other boy and asks very softly and also very close to his cheek why he thinks they met again.Pietro flushes bright red. “Well… I mean it would be- would be very sad if they didnt right? I mean, after everything it would feel cheap” He ponders on it as he closes the book. The last page has a dedication to Pasha, telling her that no matter what she will always have this to remember them by.“Yeah… but it's a new life, what if- what if they don't get along? Or if one is older than the other? Or! What if they hate each other, wouldn't that be worse?” Pietro frowns and hugs his legs a bit.“You are mean” And its not-“No, Pietro, its not that i don't want them to meet, it's just… the world is big, what are the odds?”And his friend hesitates but nods.“Its stupid then, hopeless?” And it tugs at him, seeing him look so defeated.“Its not hopeless. Maybe… maybe they do find each other, fate got them to meet once, how hard could it be to make it happen twice?” The sun was slowly and steadily going down, with a sigh he got up. His mom will want him to go back soon.Pietro had to go early as well, because his uncle Mordechai was marrying his uncle Barnabas the next day and he had to go visit them.“Time to go, mom will ground me if i'm not back before the sun goes down, and your mom will come to find you otherwise” Minny Moore was a very gentle looking woman, a bit odd but she loved all her adopted children endlessly. And she was very fond of Jonah, always giving him extra cookies when he came to visit Pietro at his house.“Don't remind me, my sisters picked my outfit, this sucks, i don't want to go to a wedding, i want to spend the day with you”The confession makes his hands sweat and his heart beat faster.“Well as much as i love to also stay with you, i have to do a school project with Albrech and Clara tomorrow, so even then i couldn't really come. Still hope the wedding is fun at least” Pietro grumbles and follows him to the exit.Yet at some point he stops and holds his free hand to make him stop.“Pietro?” The boy’s cheeks were bright red and he looked very nervous.“Im- i wanted to ask you something. I asked you to read the book with me cause I chicken out from doing it. But its- its important and its ok- ok if you say no” Now very perplexed and feeling…Feeling his cheeks heat up, feeling like there is something…“You are my best friend, besides- besides my siblings. Which yes it's sad. But also… you also are- im-” Its clumsy and he sees him slowly lose steam from what he suspects he wants to ask. So Jonah interlaces their fingers and points to the church tower.“That's where Peter rejected Elias and also… where he confessed before the wedding, it's one of my favourite parts. I think… it's very brave and also that i would really like to know if someone loves me rather than finding out as they are gone” Pietro looks to the tower and after a moment squeezes his hand.“Do you- do you want to go out with me? Not- not as friends, but in a- a real date? I… really like you and its funny cause when we first met i panicked cause i thought i was alone and i was about to tell you to leave, but then when i saw your eyes i felt-”“Like you knew me. Yeah… I felt the same way. And Pietro?” The boy has a nervous face, he also seems prepared for a rejection. How dumb.“I would love to go out with you, and i like you as well, had a- a crush on you for the past year and a half” The boy’s face turns to instant relief and then something like embarrassment.“I think… I think I've had a crush on you ever since you helped me hide the kittens i found from my mom” That… was two years ago.“You!” Pietro laughs and grins at him.“Me?” Jonah, feeling some sort of elation that he can't quite comprehend let alone fully grasp yet, drops his book and holds Pietro’s face with both hands, before leaning into him and kissing him. He must have startled him very badly because they fell back to the ground.There goes his first kiss then.A mess.Pietro wheezes and when he asks what is so funny he tells him that it looks like Jonah fell for him after all.He freezes for a moment, hearing an echo in his head, of someone-Familiar-familiar so, so familiar-! Saying something similar. His head hurts, and Pietro seems to also have some sort of pain as well.“You ok?”“Yeah, yeah just my head. Say… want to try again? Promise to not throw you into the ground” The slightly taller boy grins.“Ok, but if we go back late it's your fault” And well. Jonah can live with that.They kiss and laugh and just end up looking at the sky for a while and when he gets home, even if his mother scolds him Jonah feels like he swallowed butterflies.Duchess the second jumps at him when he gets to his room.He thinks as he writes notes in his enchanted notebook and he receives Peter’s answers. That yes.Peter and Elias must have found each other again.After all he found Pietro and to Jonah that seemed like fate.
  
  
And so they lived happily ever after.The end.
  