
    Chapter Text
     
  

  
    PROLOGUE
  
 Magnus didn’t actually know why he carried around the dagger that his mother had used to kill herself. It seemed a bit morbid, in retrospect, as he felt the weight of it resting in his hand- nothing more than a cruel and taunting reminder of exactly how and why Anisa had taken her own life. But still, he thought that above all of that, it provided him with a sort of sick comfort. In his mother’s absence he had discovered the truth about how she'd always felt about him, but it had always been hard to reconcile her resentment and hatred with the warm smiles and gentleness he had loved her for while she was still alive.He had been a boy then, only ten. He was older and smarter now. Now he knew the truth, and he knew that all of his mother’s love had been nothing more than a lie.Magnus stared at the jagged blade of the Keris and ran his thumb over it. If he pressed down just a little, it was sharp enough to cut into him. He took excellent care of this blade, the same as he did all of his others. It had been something he’d shared with Anisa while she was alive, and it was something her death should have ruined but hadn’t. He owed his fondness for blades to his mother -though his skill in wielding them was all his father- but Anisa had always had a particular love for her Keris, treating it with an almost reverential admiration that Magnus had never understood.The first time he’d ever been allowed to hold it was when he’d inherited it after Anisa’s death, and though he’d scoffed and cried about the sick joke that he felt his mother was playing on him even from her grave, he had been unable to part with it. The Keris was not Magnus’ only blade nor was it even his favorite, but while Magnus could exist without the others, he still felt incomplete without his mother’s Keris even all these years later. After he'd first gotten it he had cut himself by accident. A few months after the incident, he’d done it again on purpose. It had been the first time he’d felt something real since he’d found his mother dead with the blade lodged in her chest. and the Keris had become as permanent a fixture as each of his limbs ever since.With a defeated sigh, Magnus slid the dagger into its usual place in his jacket and left the room.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  
    PART ONE
  
 
  Light pulsed all around him. It -whatever it was- scalded his skin with the intensity of fire, and in the distance Alec was sure he heard screaming. He couldn’t see far, or anything at all, beyond the white glow cast before him. Everything hurt, and he was cognizant only of wanting it to stop as- 
Alec woke with a start, jolting into consciousness as he raised himself upwards on the bed he had been laying on. The sides of his head throbbed with the remnants of a lingering headache made only worse by how quickly he’d sat up, but Alec ignored it as he blinked the blurriness out of his eyes, until he could properly look around at his surroundings. It did nothing to ease his worry; there was nothing of familiarity to be found anywhere in the room, and Alec’s heart hammered against his chest as he got to his feet.The walls of the room were a pale green. It was simply decorated with sparsely any furniture, all of which were a dark, shining mahogany, as if someone did take up the painstaking task of shining them each day. Aside from the bed there was a desk cluttered into the corner that held only a lamp with a single flickering flame inside of it. It provided the only source of light not coming in through the singular window, under which was a dresser that stood to the height of Alec’s waist. Alec wandered over to it, taking care to tread as lightly on the wooden floor as he could, and the back of his neck ran cold as he made out the shape of the towering trees still shrouded in the darkness of the night.He was still in the woods.Brocelind Woods bordered the city of Alicante, and it was not exactly forbidden to go through it, but it was highly discouraged that anyone did so- especially alone, and especially at night. Not that Alec had ever taken to the discouragement. He told himself that he did not need to be- he had travelled this route enough times by midnight’s light that it was almost second nature to him, and he was convinced that if the magic his parents and so many others in Alicante were insistent existed actually did, someone surely would have encountered it by now. Alec told himself that he didn't need to fear the woods and he didn’t, but they occupied a massive and largely unexplored area, and he had not even been through even a good quarter of it in the short amount of time he’d been sneaking away to visit. Waking up in a strange room with no memory of how he had gotten there was decidedly not a preferential situation to be in.Something cracked under his feet as Alec stumbled back from the window, startling at the unexpected noise that disrupted what was otherwise silence in the small room. His fear gave way to dismay as he looked down to find the sight of his now broken bow, split neatly in half, awaiting him. He bent to pick it up, holding both pieces and already forming the excuses he would need to make for it when he got back to the palace. If he ever got out of here.Alec ran his thumb over the engraving of his family’s symbol -the single flame of the Lightwood’s, the longest reigning royal family in Idris- and he thought of his siblings. Of Isabelle and Jace and Max. It filled him with the determination that he needed, and he pushed any thought of not getting back out of his mind.Another quick glance around the room confirmed that his arrows were not there. He remembered, vaguely, that he had never taken them off of Church, his horse, when they’d stopped and that he’d only had enough time to retrieve his bow. But when Alec tried to give himself some context for his imprisonment and reach for the memory of what had happened after he’d drawn Church to a stop, he found only blurred fragments of nothing. He remembered light, and then nothing, and the more he grappled with the retreating memory the more he turned up blank.He swore under his breath and moved as silently as he could towards the door, not wanting to waste any more of his time. Whoever had placed him in this room did not seem to be aware that he’d woken up, and Alec planned to use the moments he had alone to his advantage. The pieces of his bow gripped tightly in one hand, Alec raised the other with the intention of trying the handle on the door. To his horror, dread prickling at the back of his neck, Alec watched as the handle instead turned itself.Urging himself not to panic, Alec stepped back. He did not have to wonder about what awaited him on the other side for long, as the door was pushed open to reveal a man that appeared to be of his own age, though a few inches shorter than Alec’s towering height. Through the faint light casted by the lamp on the table, Alec could see golden eyes peering back at him. They were a bright and unusual color that managed to catch Alec’s attention for a few seconds before he remembered himself and stepped further back into the room, placing as much distance between himself and whoever this man turned out to be as possible. His kidnapper made no immediate move to follow him, and instead he only watched Alec with a curious glint in his eyes, as though Alec’s captivity was as amusing as a circus animal put on display for him.It only served to make Alec’s anger flourish. He assessed his chances of victory if he simply tackled the man to the ground or perhaps knocked him out with a well placed fist. If Michael Wayland -his father’s second in command and the head of the Palace Guards- had done nothing else for him, at least he had ensured that Alec knew how to hit. He thought he stood a fair chance at success even though Jace, Alec's brother, had always been the better fighter of the pair of them, but Alec’s hope flickered out considerably as he watched the way that the muscles in his kidnapper’s arms moved when he stepped further into the room and reached behind him to close the door. It made Alec think differently. So he’s strong, and tackling him seemed likely to end up with Alec at a bigger disadvantage than he could risk-His kidnapper cleared his throat without subtlety, and Alec tore his eyes away from his arms and back up to the man’s face. He watched Alec with a knowing expression that made Alec’s face burn and his blood boil beneath his skin- whether in anger or fear he was not sure.Perhaps I’ve been drugged, he thought, shaking his head to dispel whatever it was that had come over him. He forced himself to refocus, and raised his hands to brandish both halves of his bow as he would have a sword. He silently cursed himself for never having had the foresight to bring a sword with him on these trips to the woods, or maybe even a dagger, but he had always felt more comfortable with his bow.“Who are you?” He demanded, “What is the meaning of this?”His kidnapper, to Alec’s further indignation, only rolled his eyes and leaned back against the door, crossing his arms over his chest in a move that Alec knew was meant to show off. He’d definitely been caught staring then, and he hated the man for it. He appeared perfectly unbothered by Alec’s weaponry, and when, despite it all, Alec’s eyes were still drawn to the way that his shirt stretched over the muscles of his arms even more now with their newest position, he determined that he had definitely been drugged. Perhaps with the same thing that was causing his memories of all that had occurred between leaving the palace earlier and waking up here to blur.“Are you done staring, then?” His kidnapper asked with an arch of his brow, “I must say I was enjoying that a lot more than this.”Alec blinked, not sure how he was meant to respond. The man’s voice was a slow drawl, the hint of an accent that Alec could not place on his tongue. It did things to Alec, mortified as he was to come to the realization. They were certainly not the first words he had thought he would hear from the person keeping him imprisoned. He had been expecting a demand for a ransom, perhaps a lecture about some old grudge between this man and his family that Alec would somehow be made to pay for (The Angel knew that the Lightwood’s had many enemies). But aside from the golden hilted dagger sheathed to his belt, the man appeared to be nothing like what Alec would have assumed him to be, and it was a constant battle on Alec’s part to remind himself not to lower each and every one of his defenses the way being in this man’s presence begged him to do.Drugged, Alec reminded himself.“What have you done to me?” Alec attempted, seeking another direction of questioning when the man made no attempt to address his initial concerns. He briefly reconsidered his earlier plan of attack, but the thought only brought with it the image of his kidnapper rolling them over until he was hovering over Alec, which Alec assumed he could do with very little effort, pinning his wrists to the ground above his head. Unbidden, Alec’s imagination fabricated the image of those full lips quirked up into the same challenging, slightly entertained smirk that the man was giving Alec now.“Who are you?” Alec asked again, inwardly pleading with his voice to not betray his wayward thoughts and feeling at least a bit of self satisfaction when it didn’t, “What do you want from me?”“I can think of a few things.” The man said, his voice like the smooth drip of honey punctuated by the way his eyes roamed down the length of Alec’s body in open admiration. Alec went still with the shock of how brazen he was, how unexpected every aspect of this interaction had been, and the realization that he truly had no real way to defend himself against whatever this man was probably thinking of.“If you want money-”He was cut off by a short, imperious laugh; stunning Alec into silence as the man’s eyes swam with glee. As though this situation, Alec’s fear, was only humorous to him, “No. No, I don’t want your money… what did you say your name was?”Alec stared at him, his brows furrowed. Was he being fooled? Had someone set this game up for him? His name? Did his kidnapper not know who he was? He waited, but the man only appeared to be awaiting an answer from him. Alec shook his head.“Why am I here?” He asked instead of answering. It was not as though his anonymity was a situation he was faced with often. It only made him more suspicious; If his kidnapper was being honest and genuinely didn’t know who Alec was, then what possible reason could he have had for trapping him here in the middle of the woods?The man sighed dramatically, as though Alec’s refusal to reveal his identity to a stranger, to a kidnapper, was highly inconvenient to him.“You fell from your horse.” The man said after a while, when it became clear to him that Alec had no intentions of saying anything further, “You hit your head, and I found you unconscious. I brought you back here.”“I fell from my…?” Alec trailed off as he begged his memory to cooperate, still to no avail. He had not strayed tonight from the path that he knew well, and he’d never had an accident before. Sure it had only been a few months since he’d first ventured into Brocelind, but Alec was a skilled rider. He pushed further past the haziness of his own memories, and the more that he thought it through, the more Alec felt like the small fragmented pieces of what this man was saying were beginning to fall into place. He remembered light, so much of it, and if he thinks really hard he can remember yelling. Had it been his yelling? Church had made a sound of distress that had forced Alec to a stop- perhaps there had been some kind of animal?“I fell?” He asked again for further confirmation. His hands slowly lowered until they fell to his sides, though he did not relax the tight grip he held on his bow nor did the tension across the line of his shoulders disappear. The man was not looking at him anymore, and instead his gaze was focused on examining his own nails with a bored expression, as though Alec was no longer a source of entertainment he found suitable for him.Alec gritted his teeth, and then observed the way that the top buttons of the man’s shirt were undone, putting an array of silver chains -at least five of them, Alec guessed- on display against the smooth, golden skin of his chest. Alec’s anger dissipates mildly, and he could only consider his earlier fantasy, the idea of those chains dangling over him-Alec glanced back out of the window with a small, frustrated sound, “Where’s Church?”“Church?”“My horse. His name is Church.” Alec explained irritably. He wanted out of this room, out of whatever house he was in, and out of these fucking Woods.“...You named your horse Church.” The man asked tonelessly, raising his gaze to look at Alec once more, “Really?”Alec pointed the jagged edge of his broken bow towards him and hardened his gaze, “Where is he?”“I’m Magnus, by the way.” The man said as he pushed himself up from the door he had been leaning against. He raised his hands in what Alec thought he was meant to interpret as a show of acquiescence, “You can relax. Your precious horse is unharmed and I have no intentions of keeping you here against your will-”“You’ve done nothing to prove that to me.”“I saved your life.” The man -Magnus- countered, his eyes flashing with mild annoyance, “Is that not enough? I could’ve very well left you out in the woods to die. Has no one ever told you it's dangerous out here at night?”“And yet you apparently live here.” Alec reminded him pointedly.Magnus dropped his hands, appearing still to be completely unbothered by Alec’s bow. He looked right past it and straight into Alec’s eyes, "That's how I know it's dangerous."“I’ve never seen you before. No one from Alicante in their right mind would live in these woods.” Alec said, “Who even are you?”“I didn’t know it was illegal to take up residency here, and you can’t know very much if you think no one resides here.” Magnus said matter-of-factly, “Not everyone favors your lovely Alicante.”Alec felt a flare of defensiveness run through him, both for the obviously unfavorable opinion that Magnus held of Alicante, and for the implication that Alec was somehow wrong about his assessment of his own Kingdom’s Capitol City, but he pushed it aside. There were more important things to worry about, like getting the fuck out of this house.“Take me to Church.” Alec said once again, using the voice he’d been trained to, his tone brokering no objections.Magnus’ eyes narrowed at the suddenness of Alec’s demand, and the slight tick in the sharp line of his jaw gave Alec the impression that he wanted to say something else but thought better of it. Instead, he shook his head slightly as though talking himself out of it, and walked to the small table that stood next to him, taking up the lamp with an incline of his head to motion Alec forward and through the door. Alec clutched his bow closer to himself as they entered fully into the main room, which was illuminated by a fireplace resting neatly to one side. A tall book-case with too many books crammed into it sat on the other end, a table and seating area picking up space throughout the rest of the room. There was a simplicity to it all despite its clear opulence, just the right side of too much without being overbearing, and somehow suiting what little Alec knew of the man it belonged to well. Magnus led Alec through to the foyer, and Alec peaked up at the spiraling staircase leading to the second floor of the house. Through an arched entryway off to the side, Alec could see what appeared to be a kitchen and dining area, and there was a hallway leading further down that Alec could not see much of aside from closed doors.“Why were you out here riding this late at night, anyway?” Magnus asked, drawing Alec’s attention back to him. It took him a moment to understand that Magnus had been asking him a question he was expected to respond to, and he flushed as he realized he’d been caught staring yet again. It only grew worse when Magnus did nothing to ease Alec’s discomfort by looking away from him, his face carefully blank as he waited. Alec, growing even more wary of this situation by the second, attempted not to make his glance at the front door look too obvious as he plotted yet another plan of escape.“I enjoy it.” He said simply, and offered nothing more. Magnus didn’t ask.There was nothing restraining Alec and the few inches of height that he had on Magnus was half a chance that he would be faster than him. For all that Alec was aware, Magnus could very well be taking him somewhere that he had no intentions of releasing him from. But he could not help thinking of Church, and he could not leave in good conscience without his horse.He resigned himself to silently following Magnus as he opened the front doors and let him through. The moon was high in the dark night sky, and Alec stuck close to the light of Magnus’ lamp as they walked in silence around the side of the house. The clearing was completely surrounded by trees, the woods so thick around them that Alec could barely see through it. The path away from it looked ominous, and Alec shuddered as he looked down it.As they walked, Alec attempted to figure out where exactly they were and continuously came up short. He had clearly never been down this side of Brocelind before, and the feeling of unease he got from being here now threatened to ensure that he would never return. Oddly, Alec could attribute none of this to Magnus himself. For all the man appeared to be full of secrets of his own, he did not seem particularly threatening. While his forwardness both in his speech and dress might have turned a few heads in Alicante, for all intents and purposes Magnus appeared entirely normal. Alec did not know what to make of him.When Church came into his sight, tied to a post outside of a small stable and seemingly unharmed, Alec breathed a sigh of relief to see that Magnus had, at least, not been lying about this. There was another horse there as well that Alec assumed was Magnus’, deep black with a white face, contrasting with the dusty grey color of Church. He could not stop himself from taking off into a slight jog until he got closer to them, and his relief swelled further as he examined all of his belongings, finding them all just the same as he had left them. He greeted Church with an affectionate stroke that the horse leaned into, and Alec placed his bow, still mourning its broken state, back in its place next to his quiver. He would have to get that fixed as soon as possible, and hopefully without arousing too much suspicion from anyone else.A soft sound from the other horse made Alec turn around, unsurprised to find Magnus there and watching him intently. He made no move to pretend that he had been doing otherwise.“Thank you.” Alec said, unsure of himself now, “For saving me.”Magnus smiled. It was a small but genuine one. Cloaked in the light from the lamp still clutched in Magnus' hand, Alec now saw that there were several rings adorning his fingers as well. Magnus was well dressed. His clothes appeared to be of fine material and he clearly had a love of jewelry, and if Alec had seen him walking through Alicante on a normal day he might have assumed that Magnus was of noble birth. Perhaps even a visiting dignitary.“The pleasure was all mine.” Magnus responded. Alec looked away quickly, unable to make sense of his own reactions to the man in front of him. He had been right before, he had no reasons to trust him. He was not sure he did. But-“Alec.” He said, “My name is Alec.”It was half of the truth, but it was enough that Alec braced himself for some sort of recognition to click into place on Magnus’ face.It never did.“Is that short for something?” Magnus asked instead, “Alexander, perhaps?”Alec could not help the way that he stiffened at the sound of his name. He fully expected Lightwood to follow it, so accustomed as he was to hearing it. But Magnus’ head was tilted slightly with nothing but curiosity, waiting for Alec’s answer.He nodded slowly, carefully, disbelievingly. A small thrill went through him as he allowed himself to think that Magnus was actually telling the truth. And, Alec assumed, maybe he was. Magnus' accent was not as strong as Alec figured it might have once been, but it was not one he knew from anywhere in Idris.“How long did you say you’ve lived here?” Alec asked tentatively.Magnus raised a brow, “I didn’t.”He said nothing more, and Alec didn't push. Neither of them moved or said anything else for a stretch of time, until Magnus made a humming sound low in his throat and stepped forward so that the several inches of space that had been between them was now closed. Alec inhaled sharply as he found himself unable to look away from the gold of Magnus’ eyes, the man settling in front of him close enough now that if Alec extended his arm just a bit he might touch him. He had to physically restrain himself from doing so, and he only barely managed it. He thought, vaguely, that he should step away. But what purpose would it serve? Magnus was attractive in a way no one with eyes could deny, and Alec was not in the business of turning away handsome people.“They’re beautiful.” He said without thinking. But it needed to be said. Alec would be seeing those eyes in his dreams tonight, and perhaps every other night after that.Magnus, to Alec's surprise, appeared startled at the declaration, and for a brief second Alec saw it cut though the many layers of casual indifference to be replaced by genuine shock, as though Magnus was not accustomed to compliments. Alec found this difficult to believe. He could not imagine a world where people didn’t spend all of their time in Magnus’ presence in awe of his beauty, and just as helpless as Alec was not to comment on it whenever the opportunity presented itself.Magnus recovered himself quickly, and once again he was the picture of calm confidence that he’d been before, and his voice was a low murmur as he said, “So are you.”Alec swallowed hard. He wanted to look away, desperately wanted to run. He knew that he should. He chalked his fascination with Magnus up to the novelty of being apparently unknown to this man. He had no idea who Alec was, no ulterior motives the way most others did. He'd spoken to Isabelle and Jace once, about the difficulties of navigating genuine relationships while being who they were. It was one of many reasons why Alec had never pursued a real relationship of his own. He was under no illusion that his parents didn't already have someone in mind for him to be married off to when the time was right- some girl of suitable social standing who would be a fit queen and a good mother to the future heirs they would be made to produce.Alec knew his role in this game, and he'd been playing it for long enough now that he'd memorized every line of each rule. He knew who he was, and who he would be. And he knew that his own personal desires were of little concern where the interests of his Kingdom came into question. He'd lost his virginity many years ago to the son of a nobleman whose name Alec had now forgotten. Aside from some brief flirtations over the years with other faceless, nameless bodies, if Alec wanted to get off he took care of it himself.Alec had always known that he preferred men as his partners, but while this was not outright forbidden by any law in Idris, there was the unspoken understanding that if it happened, it was simply never talked about. And Alec was the prince. The heir. Meant to lead by example. He'd always known where he stood.And now there was Magnus.There was something more there. Something he could not quite put his finger on. Magnus was undoubtedly unlike anyone Alec had ever met before, and to have such a visceral reaction to a stranger was something Alec was unaccustomed to but found himself needing to pursue. Whatever Magnus had ignited within him, Alec wanted to hang on to it for as long as he could.“Can I see you again?” He asked, and he didn’t even have it in him to be mad at himself for it. All he could manage was hope that the response would be yes, because Alec didn’t think he could survive a no.“I thought you didn’t trust me.” Magnus asked, and the teasing lilt in his voice was betrayed by the slight hitch of his breath, and the way his eyes darkened almost imperceptibly under Alec’s gaze.“I don’t.” Alec responded, and he meant it. He did not trust him, and this was a bad idea in every way that it was possible for something to be a bad idea. Alec was the heir to the throne of Idris. One day, he would be their King. He was meant to lead by example, and never fall short of the greatness he was destined for.In the back of his mind, he thought that it was unfair to ask this of Magnus without even having him know the truth about who Alec really was. But was it really so bad to want this one thing for himself when he would not be hurting anyone in the process? Escaping to Brocelind Woods had become his only source of escape from the Palace he spent most of his time confined to, and from the responsibilities that weighed on him in his every waking moment. Every night that he snuck out he would imagine the lectures he would receive from his mother, and envision the punishments he would receive from his father, and it had only ever made him ride faster.And now he stood looking at Magnus, aware of all of the reasons why seeing him again would be a bad idea. Alec found that all of his reasons only made him want it more.When Magnus said Ok, something in Alec settled. Perhaps he would come to regret it. Perhaps this was the biggest mistake he would ever make.At least he would enjoy it while it lasted.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  One Year Later
 The large dining table they were gathered around was too large for a family of five, but Alec felt it fit in well with the ostentatious grandeur of the rest of the palace. Alicante was not known for its subtlety, being the largest city in Idris and the home to many of the oldest and wealthiest families in the Kingdom; if there was a chance to display wealth, it was done. That especially rang true for the Lightwoods, and as far as Alec knew, for the past several generations of his family’s reign, no cost had ever been spared when it came to their home. Larger was synonymous with better. Gold trimming lined the walls of this room, curving around tall windows with satin curtains draped over them. The curtains were currently a dark blue that might have appeared black had it not been for the sun streaming into the room, rising above the high mountains that surrounded the palace. This dining room overlooked the southern gardens, and was one of the smaller ones used only for these family gatherings. Still, there were five chairs currently empty. Usually it was four. Each morning, a new bouquet of flowers from the garden had the luxury of being the table’s centerpiece, and today they were dahlia's. They had been dahlia's for the past four days, ever since Alec’s mother had fallen to a grave and sudden illness that left her bedridden. Her nurses didn't know when she would next be able to rejoin them, and so the flowers sat as a poor substitute for her presence. Dahlia's were Maryse’s favorite flower. Alec scowled at them. They only served to remind him that his mother was ill and showing no signs of improvement in her condition, but he was just surprised that Robert had actually known what Maryse’s favorite flowers were and had requested it.“Alexander.”Alec looked up reluctantly, finding Robert where he sat at his place at the head of the table, and noting the displeased look on his father’s face that told Alec he’d made an error. He guessed, from the way everyone else was looking at him as well, that they’d been engrossed in some conversation Alec hadn’t been paying suitable attention to, and he realized that he’d been drifting off for a while; his barely touched breakfast sat in front of him and the concerned expressions from his siblings made Alec shift uncomfortably in his seat. The youngest, Max, quickly bent his head, refocusing his own attention back on the silverware in his hands when Alec’s gaze met his.From where she was seated to his right, Isabelle, his only sister, mouthed a silent question- Everything okay?And not for the first time, Alec entertained briefly the possibility of telling her the truth-not right this moment, obviously, but perhaps sometime soon. Isabelle had always been his best confidant, along with Jace, who sat on Alec’s left, but while they both knew of Maryse’s illness, they couldn't provide Alec much comfort for the things they knew nothing about. He looked away from her and gazed down at his silver cup, at the distorted reflection that stared back at him, and dismissed the idea.“I’m fine.” He answered aloud, a response to Isabelle’s question that he directed to everyone else at the table as well. When the only response he received back from anyone was a heavy sigh from his father, Alec straightened his posture and tried to elaborate, “I’m just tired.”“You’ve used that excuse every time for the past several weeks. Do you not get any sleep at all?” Robert asked sardonically, “I’m starting to lose my tolerance for it- whatever it is.”Alec wanted to retort that no, actually. He hadn’t been getting a lot of sleep lately. Something he could attribute either to the fact that that his mother was dying from some unknown disease and he could do nothing about it, or that he’d been spending all of his time planning for the engagement that was recently sprung unto him, or that he’d been spending most nights with Magnus, doing all of the things that Alec would love to see his father’s reaction to if Robert were ever to find out.His chest tightened, and Alec quelled that thought as well.“I’ve just had a lot on my mind recently.” Alec murmured out in response, knowing before he’d even said it that it wouldn’t be enough for Robert to drop the topic entirely. Robert was nothing if not demanding, and as of recently he’d been exceptionally so. Alec tried to understand. Maryse was his mother but she was also Robert’s wife, and he didn't imagine it was any easier for his father to watch her wilt away like this. But while Alec was accustomed to being the focus of his father’s interrogations, today of all days it was the very last thing he wanted to put up with.Alec picked at his food and raised the fork to his mouth, chewing almost robotically as memories of Magnus from the night before flitted through his mind unbidden. He attempted to distract himself, but there was nowhere to look that allowed him to do so. Isabelle and Jace had returned to eating, albeit slowly and with the occasional glance up at him when they thought he wasn’t looking.“Do share it with the table, then.” Robert replied with a wide gesture that Alec thought was meant to be encouraging, “Perhaps we could help put your mind to ease.”Alec stared at him. Maryse had never insisted much on being involved where the affairs of her children were concerned -especially Alec, who she seemed content to leave as Robert’s responsibility- but she had always insisted they share their meals together. Alec had agreed because he had no other choice, and now he complied because he felt he owed it to her even while she was indisposed, but he had very few pleasant memories of this table. Robert was keen on using the time they spent at it as an opportunity to scold Alec on whatever he felt was necessary at the time, picking apart each of his son’s failings and flaws and putting them on display not just for the rest of their family but for the servants waiting on them. Alec was confident in himself and in his abilities, but Robert and this table had a way of making him feel like little more than an errant child who had never done a single thing correctly in his entire life.In Robert’s eyes, Alec could see what was either a threat or a challenge that he was quick to look away from, thinking that nothing good could come out of deciphering which it had been. Despite the size of this palace, Alec always felt suffocated inside of it. It was always worse on the mornings after he’d been to see Magnus, and today-“I’m fine.” Alec repeated. He cut his train of thought off before it could spiral. He wouldn’t be doing this, especially not in front of his family.“Jace.” Robert called. Alec stiffened at the realization that Robert hadn’t been addressing him, though he really shouldn’t be surprised. Robert’s favorite game was pitting his children against each other. He saw his brother tense at the sound of his own name, and Isabelle raised her head to glare at Robert. Robert paid neither of them any mind as he waited for Jace’s acknowledgement, and Alec’s grip on his fork tightened enough that when he released it, there were faint red lines where the metal had been pressing into his skin.Jace cleared his throat, “Yes, Sir?”“You’ve noticed your brother’s distractions too, haven’t you?” Robert asked.In his peripheral vision he saw Jace looking at him, but Alec kept his focus where he stared sourly at the food on his plate. He’d lost his appetite.“...Yes, Sir.” Jace responded, “But-”“Michael came to see me this morning.” Robert cut him off, and Alec could now feel the burn of his father’s eyes back on him, like a thousand tiny fires pressing against his skin. Jace deflated into his seat at how casually he'd been dismissed, once again trying desperately to catch Alec’s gaze.“He says that he took a walk past the stables last night, and mysteriously found Church to be missing.”Alec ground his teeth together and said nothing. He'd always held a silent resentment for Michael Wayland, his father’s right hand man and the head of the Palace Guard, for his unwavering loyalty to his King. Michael's dedication had been called ‘admirable’, but all it really meant was that he had no problem throwing someone else under the bus to win himself favor in Robert’s eyes, and that someone usually ended up being Alec.Michael was not necessarily a bad person, he could be kind and patient where Robert was not, traits that Alec often found solace in. But if Robert was the executioner, Michael was the one keeping records of every single infraction to report back to him. Because I care, he often told them, for the fate of this Kingdom, and the head that will one day wear its crown.“What would you say to that?” Robert asked with a conversational tone.“Father-” Isabelle’s attempt at an interruption was silenced by nothing more than a withering look from Robert, and she promptly fell quiet.“I would say,” Alec said, keeping his tone as neutral as he could manage it to be, “That Michael was clearly mistaken. Church was in the stables this morning when I went to him.”“That he was.” Robert mused, “So you don’t deny that he was gone last night? You don’t deny that you went somewhere with him? To the woods, perhaps?”“Alec knows better than to go to the woods. And he deserves better than to sit here and have you interrogate him like a common criminal.” Isabelle snapped. Alec’s eyes widened at her as Robert slowly turned his attention to his daughter. With Isabelle’s outburst, Max’s fork dropped out of his hand and clattered noisily onto the table.Once it stopped, the room became deadly silent. Alec knew his sister well enough, knew from the rigidity of her posture and the blazing fury in her eyes, that she was not yet finished.“Isabelle.” Alec steadied her with a hand on her arm, “It’s fine.”“It isn’t-”“He’s right.” Alec said, and Isabelle recoiled in shock at his response, her mouth opening with the beginning of yet another argument. Alec shook his head minutely, silently pleading with her to let it go. Isabelle always rushed to his defense, uncaring of any retribution she might face for it. Not that she ever had any reason to care, when Alec suffered through the repercussions for her. Isabelle and Jace and Max were afforded the luxuries of mouthing off to Robert, of telling him to stop, of expressing when they’d had enough and possibly even having their complaints listened to sometimes. They never understood why Alec didn’t do the same, and Alec occasionally allowed them to think that they were helping him when they did it for him.“Forgive her, Father.” Alec said to Robert, ignoring the way Isabelle looked personally offended both on her own behalf and his. It was easier this way, Alec reminded himself, and he loved his siblings but none of them could ever understand. The thought of his mother’s impending death on his mind, the adjustments that came with officializing his engagement to Aline, and most of all, the still too recent memory of last night, and of Magnus’ face as Alec had told him that he could never see him again, all warred with each other in his head. It was all too much.So avoiding his father’s wrath was perhaps a hit to his ego, but it was easier. And all Alec wanted at that moment was something easier.
Maryse’s hands were cold to the touch, but there were beads of sweat dripping down the sides of her forehead and her neck. Iris Rouse, her nurse, dabbed at her gently with a cloth, maneuvering around the occasional spasms and jolts of Maryse’s body with the ease of someone that had gotten used to it.“She’s been like this all night.” Iris told him once she’d set the cloth down again. She sat on her chair on the opposite side of the bed, staring at Maryse mournfully. Alec stroked the back of his mother’s left hand, the one he was holding.“I fear she’s only getting worse,” Iris said. Her words were so soft that Alec almost missed them.“She’ll recover.” Alec replied. It was his place to have hope and to be reassuring in the face of adversity. However Iris looked up at him, her mouth drawn down into a frown and doubt plain on her face, clearly not thinking the same. Alec wasn't sure he had it in him to believe it either.“The Angels will have mercy on her.” He said anyway. He had to believe it. He tried to make sense of a world in which his mother was dead, and couldn't. Her recovery was the only outcome that made sense to him.He looked around at the room she’d been confined to these past few days, frowning at how dark it was. The curtains were drawn and the windows were shut, none of the light from outside being let in as Iris tried to get her to sleep comfortably. Alec, silently, felt as though the somberness of the room would do Maryse more bad than good, but he trusted that Iris would know best. And Maryse did need to sleep- she hadn’t been doing so lately unless heavily medicated.“That doctor,” Alec said, “The one my father has been in contact with-”“Hodge Starkweather will be arriving within the day, Your Highness.” Iris said. She sighed heavily, “He’s the best in the Kingdom. I hope he can figure it out.”Alec hoped for the same, but he was unsure. Hodge was only the last on a long list of Idris’ very best doctors, who had all been called in at some point or the other only to confirm to them what they already knew: there was no cure for whatever Maryse was suffering with. One doctor after the other, all dead ends, each one more frustrating than the last. What made Starkweather any different?Alec stayed with his mother for a few minutes longer, finally departing with a kiss to her forehead and closing the door quietly on his way out. Not for the first time, he went over all the details he’d been told by her various doctors. And once again, he drew a blank. No one knew what to make of it. She’d seemingly taken ill in her sleep one night, drifting in and out of consciousness and unable to speak more than a handful of words every few hours. Usually nonsensical things, delirious ramblings that they had been urged to simply ignore. She wasn’t in her right mind, one doctor had said.    Feeling weighed down, Alec made his way up to his room. He was not surprised when Isabelle and Jace caught up to him as he was heading up the staircase, calling out his name like they’d been waiting for his appearance. Alec took two steps at a time in an attempt to outpace them.“I don’t want to talk.” He said, knowing that this would do nothing to deter them. He knew they could tell that there was much more going on with him than he was letting on, and he didn’t know how much longer he could keep up the lie and the façade he always presented on the outside as he crumbled to pieces on the inside.Any other time, Alec would have been planning his next visit to see Magnus. He felt like he was always on the verge of losing his mind in this palace, and recently he’d been feeling even more so. He told himself that he was being ridiculous. He’d known, when this thing with Magnus had started, that it wouldn’t last forever. He’d known that their time together would be limited, and that he’d one day have to give it all up. But after a full year of having had this one thing to himself, having it cruelly ripped away was a loss he would need time to recover from. His siblings weren’t going to help by interrogating him for answers that Alec would not, and could not, give to them. Still, he allowed himself to be stopped by the hand that encircled his wrist, turning around to find Jace staring up at him imploringly from a few stairs down, Isabelle behind him with a look of deep concern that Alec looked away from lest it be the last cut in the already thin thread keeping him together.“Something’s wrong.” Isabelle said, “We know it. You haven’t been yourself recently, not since Aline’s last visit.”Aline. The reminder of his fiancée stabbed at Alec, and he silently cursed Isabelle for being so intuitive.“I thought the two of you were on good terms?” Jace asked. He released Alec’s hand tentatively, not entirely lowering it for another few seconds as though he was afraid Alec would run if he did. Alec dragged a hand over his face, rubbing the ball of his palm into his eyes with a long sigh. He despaired of the day that Max, who was just thirteen, would be old enough to also take such interest in his life.“We are. Of course we are. This has nothing to do with Aline.” He said truthfully, “Like I said, I’ve just not been sleeping well.”He cared for Aline, though he cared for the fact that he was being made to marry her considerably less. He found some comfort in the fact that Aline herself wasn't particularly thrilled about the idea either, but they'd both agreed to it because it was what would be best for everyone involved. Everyone, Alec thought bitterly, besides the two of them. The two people whose opinions should have mattered the most but instead seemed to be of the least priority.But Aline was loyal to her family, and Alec was loyal to the Crown, and so they would both bite back their complaints and do what was needed of them.
  “It doesn’t bother you?” Alec had asked, Aline’s glove-covered hand holding onto his arm as they walked through the palace’s gardens, a few short days after their first meeting and the confirmation of their engagement. They had spent many hours together, both in the presence of their families and alone, getting to know each other not as friends, as they'd known each other before, but as a soon to be married couple. 

  “That I don’t love you the way a husband is meant to love his wife?” Alec had elaborated when Aline frowned at him.

  Her lips had pursed slightly as she appeared to think it over.

  “No.” She had finally said, “I respect you. You’re a good man, and you’ll make a great King. We may never be in love, but this is enough for me.”
“Alec…” Isabelle sighed, pulling him out of the memory. At the tinge of pity in her voice Alec recoiled, only narrowly avoiding Jace’s attempt at grabbing at him again as he stepped back from them. He glared at his brother but didn't walk off, if only because he knew that it would likely result in them chasing him.“I know that Robert places a lot of pressure on you-” Jace attempted cautiously, and something in Alec snapped.“You know nothing of the pressure I’m under.” He said, cutting Jace off.He knew that later, when he was alone and had had time to reflect, that he would feel guilty, but it pleased him to see the way that Jace went still with shock at his outburst. Alec was usually the more reserved of the two. He was not entirely a terrible person though, so he lowered his voice as he said, “Even if someone were to find out that you’ve been sleeping around with the Morgenstern girl, what do you truly stand to lose? We aren’t the same, Jace. Don’t try to compare us.”“Alec!” Isabelle hissed.Jace straightened himself, looking around at their surroundings in mild panic before turning back to Alec, “I only meant to-”“You’ve been seeing someone.” Isabelle said suddenly. Alec froze. Jace looked from Isabelle and back to Alec, and Alec’s teeth ground together as understanding dawned over Jace’s features. Alec felt like a deer caught in headlights, everything beginning to close in on him.“You are, aren’t you?” Isabelle asked softly, and there was that damned pity again that made him sick to his stomach as she reached out for him, “Oh, Alec…”Alec turned away from them. His breaking things off with Magnus had been a courtesy to both Magnus and Aline, because Aline was the future Alec could never have with Magnus. Their relationship, if it could even be considered that, had been relegated to stolen nights lost in the pleasure of each other's bodies, whispers of nothings into the darkness falling around them as they moved against each other. And Alec had relished each night he’d spent in Magnus' arms, because they were the only times that he could allow himself to turn everything else off and pursue only his own selfish desires.By pure intervention from the Angel -Alec could conceive of no other explanation for such luck- Magnus had never learnt the truth about Alec. Alec knew that Magnus had secrets of his own, things he was keeping from Alec that he preferred not to speak about. He knew that Magnus hadn’t grown up in Idris, and that he’d apparently only lived in Brocelind for a few years. Alec had fabricated some story of working for a jeweler in the village after Magnus had asked about what he did for a living, and it was the most either of them had ever come to know about each other's personal lives. Talking complicated things, and so they kept it all surface level.It had worked as the distraction from reality Alec had wanted it to be, and it had been simple, and easy, and fun.And now it had to end. Alec considered himself many undesirable things, but lying about being the heir to a Kingdom was one thing, and lying about a marriage was another. Once, a few years ago, he’d found out about Robert having an affair and his father had pulled him aside and told him that these things were only natural, just something that was done by men in their position. He’d never been certain before if his father knew about his sexuality or not, but Robert made it clear that day by telling Alec that it wouldn't make him a bad person to find someone that better suited him outside of the marriage he would eventually be made to have.Alec had left him that day with a bitter taste in his mouth and the promise to keep what he knew a secret. He'd yet to break that promise; he hadn’t even told his siblings. He certainly hadn’t spoken a word of it to his mother. But it had cemented in him a determination to do things differently. He would not do that to Magnus, and he would not go behind the back of his wife to sneak around with a man he could never be with.If Alec was to be King -and he would be- he would do it right.“No.” He said, his mouth pressed into a thin line, “Not that it’s any of your business, but no. Not anymore.”Isabelle’s eyes widened at the small confession, and it told Alec that she had not entirely believed her own theory to be true until that very moment, “Not anymore? Alec-”But Alec didn’t wait to hear her out, and neither of his siblings followed him when he walked away this time.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  One week after he first met Magnus, Alec snuck Church out of the stables and headed to the woods. He waited alone at the spot Magnus had designated for long enough that he began to suspect the other man wouldn’t be showing up at all, and while his heart sank in his chest at the thought of never seeing Magnus again, Alec tried to convince himself that this was actually for the best. 


  Finding a strange man in the possibly dangerous woods and asking to meet him again? Willingly? Suddenly Alec thinking that Magnus had drugged him was not such an outlandish possibility. He turned to head back over to where Church was tied and almost jumped out of his own skin at the sight of another familiar horse having appeared next to his. Magnus leaned against a tree, his gold green eyes regarding Alec. He had evidently been there for some time.


  “I was beginning to think you weren’t going to show up.” Alec said, tentatively approaching the other man. He thought now that it might have been wise to bring a weapon with him. He eyed the dagger in Magnus’ vest warily, the same one he’d had last week, and wished that he’d had the foresight to bring his bow with him. While he was undoubtedly fascinated by the enigmatic man before him, Alec couldn’t deny the way Magnus seemed to radiate danger, and the same force that drew Alec to him like a moth to a flame also left him wanting to run as far away as he could get. It was a heady, disorienting feeling, and Alec already couldn’t get enough of it.


  Magnus’ eyes gleamed under the moonlight, and his smirk for Alec as the Prince got closer to him was one that said he knew exactly the effect he is having on him, and he was enjoying it immensely. 


  “I hope you’ll make it worth my while.” Magnus said, his voice low and with a deceptive innocence that was in no way reflected in the way he watched Alec. 


  The intensity of Magnus’ gaze belied it, the way his eyes followed every move that Alec made and trailed across every inch of his body as if mentally stripping Alec of each layer of clothing, and if Alec had had any concerns about whether or not Magnus returned his attraction, this was enough to blow them all to the wind.


  Alec came to a stop in front of him, a smile on his lips, “I fully intend to.”     

“Your Highness?”
Alec ignored the interruption in favor of nocking another arrow and letting it go.
His fingertips stung as he released it and he frowned at the slight burn; it was the only thing that let him know he’d been up here a considerable amount of time, but it hadn’t done much for clearing his head. The arrow flew across the courtyard and hit its target perfectly, as he had expected it to, joining the others among the row he’d set up on the roof of the North building, across the courtyard. Target practice was always a welcome distraction, but at the moment nothing was working. He was still tormented by all the things he was trying to avoid thinking of.
He shot off another two arrows in quick succession before finally turning around with a reluctant sigh. He found Lydia behind him, standing straight with her hands clasped behind her back and wearing the black and gold uniform that signified her high rank within the Palace Guard. Alec smiled at her despite his mood, and though he saw the twitch at the corner of her mouth, Lydia, always the professional, did not fully return it, keeping her gaze out towards the courtyard rather than looking directly at him.
Lydia Branwell had been with them eight years now, enlisting into the Guard at eighteen with a single-minded dedication and no-nonsense attitude that had immediately won her the favor of her superiors. Alec was and always had been wary of Michael Wayland, never fully trusting the man even as he smiled with him and treated him as cordially as he was expected to. He felt the same about most of the other Guards, but Lydia Branwell carried herself in such a way that Alec had been fascinated with her the moment she’d shown up. Two years older than him, Lydia had grown to be someone he trusted, and one of his only real allies in this palace aside from his siblings. He had never asked her why she’d joined the Guard, even though he desperately wanted to know. Those who enlisted were expected to dedicate their entire lives to the service of the Royal family, all other endeavors falling behind in priority. Alec considered it a cruel fate, and he'd never understood why anyone would subject themselves to it.
“His Majesty, King Robert requests your presence in his study, Sir.” Lydia said.
“I’ve told you not to call me that.” Alec complained, though he decided to make Lydia’s life easy and stepped down from the edge of the roof. He had never fully succeeded in breaking through that tough exterior she surrounded herself with.
Lydia gave no response as Alec picked up his equipment and Alec didn’t needle her for one, too busy trying to ignore the apprehension that had begun to stir low in the pit of his stomach at her announcement. What could his father want with him again? Had his ridicule at breakfast not been enough to satisfy him?
“Have you seen Jace and Isabelle?” Alec asked. Lydia unlatched the door when he was finished and they both made their way off of the roof.
“I believe Princess Isabelle has plans to go into Alicante this evening, your Highness.”

  “Lydia.”

“Did you not request I refrain from calling you Sir?” 
He stopped, causing Lydia to do the same, and glared at her with fond exasperation. He had never told her, but one day when he became King, he wanted Lydia to be his second-in-command.
“Did my father tell you to escort me to his study as well?” Alec asked, “Believe it or not, I am capable of getting there myself.”
“The King asked me to ensure you get to his study promptly and without delay.” Lydia offered. Alec ran through the list of things he thought his father might be upset with him about, and drew a blank. Though Robert had always been exceptionally skilled at finding things to complain about where Alec was concerned. Of course, there was still the issue of all that took place that morning and the fact that his father still believed him to have stolen away into Brocelind Woods last night, but Alec tried to calm himself with the reminder that Robert had no actual proof that this had happened further than his own suspicions and whatever Michael, who also, to Alec’s knowledge, had no proof, had told him.
He and Lydia fell into silence as they walked, and he nodded to her as she opened the doors of his father’s study and announced his presence. Whatever Robert said to Lydia in response was muffled, but she stepped aside to let Alec through once he had said it. With a short, almost sympathetic glance at Alec, Lydia exited the room and closed the doors behind her, leaving Alec alone with his father. He placed his bow against a wall and entered the study, standing with his hands clasped behind his back and awaiting whatever he’d been summoned for. Robert stood at the window, but made no sound or action to indicate his awareness of Alec’s presence. In his hand he held a glass of what looked like whiskey, and a nagging voice at the back of Alec’s mind told him that something was wrong with Maryse. He pushed the thought away. No, if something had happened, his siblings would be in here too and his father would surely be less put-together.
Uncomfortable, Alec shifted on his feet. A full minute had passed by before Robert turned, and Alec allowed himself to breathe just a little easier when he realized that his father didn’t seem angry, or upset. So Alec most likely wasn’t in here to be reprimanded then, nor did it seem that there was any more bad news to be taken in about his mother’s condition. Robert was not one for luring you into false security, but Alec still found himself even more confused. His father was also not the type to sit and chat with him, and he never summoned Alec to his study unless there was a real, usually obvious reason to be found.
“I know I’ve been hard on you lately.” Robert said as he walked back over to his desk. He did not invite Alec to sit down with him, and so Alec stayed where he was in the middle of the room. He wasn’t sure how he was meant to answer, or even if he was meant to, and any response he could give seemed likely to be a trap. Luckily, Robert didn’t seem to have been expecting one as he finished off the contents of his glass and continued, looking at him, “There’s a reason for it all. Even for your engagement to Ms. Penhallow, which I know you had your concerns about.”
Alec thought that ‘concerns’ was a small word for ‘did not want to do at all’, but he said nothing. He had never actually voiced any disagreements with the engagement. He’d known Aline since his childhood, and had spent many summers visiting her home in Princewater on the other side of the Brocelind Plain. Aline came from a good family, and the Penhallow’s had a long history of allegiance to their Kingdom. She was beautiful, well educated, and she and Alec got along well despite there being no attraction between them. By all means, she would make a great wife.
But Alec didn't say any of that. Instead he waited for what Robert would say next, unsure of where this conversation would go and positive that he didn’t really want to find out.
“I need to know that when I die,” Robert continued, “I will leave this Kingdom in the hands of someone capable of doing what it takes to rule. Being King isn’t easy, Alexander.”
“I was under no illusions that it was.” Alec responded curtly. It was true. He wasn’t. But why was his father telling him this? Alec had dedicated his entire life to this, never complaining or arguing, doing what he was told and what was expected of him. If anyone had proved that they were capable of handling ‘not easy’, it was him.
“Your mother is dying.” Robert said with a grave expression. Alec froze, his hands dropping, “But Starkweather-”
“Came to see her. And said there was nothing he could do.”
Alec felt like the ground was being pulled out from underneath him, like he was struggling to take in air and could no longer process the words that were being said, “But- There must be something-”
His voice did not sound like his own. He heard it as though speaking from somewhere far away. Robert placed his hands atop his desk and leaned forward in his chair, lowering his head, “Starkweather said that it’s unlike anything he’s ever seen. It’s as though her body is eating itself away from the inside. He said that it’s likely she was poisoned-”
“But who would poison her?” 
Robert’s mouth twisted wryly, “I suppose it would have been more expected for someone to target me-”
“That is not funny!” Alec snapped. He thought of his mother, who had never been one for outward displays of affection, but who had never given Alec reason to doubt the love she had for him and for his siblings. She’d been the constant, stable point throughout his life, someone who’s grace and dignity was admired by not just her children but by everyone around her. She could not die. 
“Do you even care?” Alec asked, suddenly filled with rage, “Does it even matter to you at all?”
“Alexander-”
“You don’t look particularly bothered by any of this-”
“Of course I’m bothered.” Robert said, “Maryse is my wife. The mother of my children.”
“You have Annamarie.” Alec countered angrily, speaking the name of the woman he’d sworn so many years ago to never talk about. He immediately regretted it, saw the way that his father’s gaze turned to ice as he watched him, but refused to stop, suddenly filled with an intense hatred for the subject of Robert’s affair, and towards Robert for allowing her into his life in the first place, “You’ve always had her, and you’ve always made it clear that you cared for her more than you ever did for mother.”
Robert sat up straight, pressing his hands against his desk and watching his son with cold eyes. When he spoke, his voice was a chilling sort of calm, “I know that you’re upset, Alexander. But it would do you well to never speak to me in such a way again.”
Alec shook his head as he turned on his heels towards the door. If his mother really was dying, and if she really could not be cured, then Alec certainly wouldn’t be spending her last days in a room with his father, the man who’d betrayed her in such an unforgivable, detestable way, “I’m going to go see my mother-”
“There is a way.” Robert cut him off, making Alec stop where he’d already started to walk off, “That we might be able to save her.”
And despite his anger, the words had the effect Robert had wanted them to have. They washed over Alec like they were spoken by the Angels themselves, relief coursing through him but sullied by an instinctive refusal to believe it. He’d held out hope before, and where had it gotten him? And why would he trust Robert, especially, of all people? Still, he looked back at his father slowly. Robert waved a hand to indicate that Alec should sit down on one of the available chairs in front of his desk, and Alec was numb as he did so.
He watched as Robert carefully opened a drawer in his desk and retrieved a small wooden box that he set down in front of him. He opened it, unfastening a golden latch attached to both sides, and Alec saw firstly the bright white glow that illuminated whatever sat inside of it. He peered forward as Robert reached into the box and took out what looked, at first glance, like nothing more than a small silver-white crystal. It did glow, so bright it was almost translucent, radiating around them and out towards the entire room.
And then Alec jolted up, his eyes widening in recognition as his mouth fell open wordlessly. He had only ever seen it in drawings, in some of the older books in the palace’s library, and had, like everyone else, dismissed it.
“Is that…” He breathed, “It can’t be.”
“Adamas.” Robert confirmed, to Alec’s horror, “The only material strong enough to penetrate any magical element.”
Alec flew out of his chair, staggering back from the desk but unable to tear his eyes away from the stone in his father’s hand. Adamas.
“That means-”
He could not finish the statement, the thought as outlandish as he could have ever imagined. What Robert was saying, that stone, could not be true. He thought back to the books he had read, the stories he’d heard as a child. But no, his mind rebelled against the idea. None of that made sense. Even if, in some far stretch of his childish imagination, he had once believed that magic existed sometime hundreds of years ago, it had all gone away after the Great War. It didn’t exist. No one had encountered even the hint of a Witch or a Warlock anywhere in Idris in centuries.

  All stories come from somewhere.

Robert only looked at him, the stone laying flat in his palm, “There are things about this Kingdom that I wished to protect you from until the time was right. But I can do so no longer. Magic exists Alec, it always has. And it just so happens that you might hold the key to it.”
  
    Chapter Text
    Alec stared, sure that he had heard wrong, and waited for his father to correct himself.
It never happened, and instead Robert said nothing at all as time stretched between them, ready to wait for however long Alec needed to process. Alec’s gaze moved between Robert and the Adamas stone, feeling the need to point out that five minutes ago, he'd had no reason to believe in magic. He was having a hard time, still, wrapping his head around it, even with what he figured could constitute actual proof looking him right in the face.
He ran over in his head what little he did know of it: That once, a long time ago in the time of his ancestors, according to what was now considered legend, powerful beings with the ability to wield magic lived in Idris. They turned on the Kingdom and attacked the palace in an attempt to take it under their control, and Idris’ Guards fought valiantly to protect their Kingdom. The Guards only barely emerged with a hard won victory, and all the remaining witches and warlocks fled the Kingdom never to be seen again.
Adamas -the material his father held in his hand, that weakened the effect of magic- was buried under the ground surrounding Alicante as a deterrent to keep them away.
Alec, like all of the children in Idris, grew up hearing stories of how these witches and warlocks had placed heavy curses on Brocelind Woods, and that some of them still lived there even to this day, looking for anyone that dared to walk through so that they could seek their revenge.
But those were stories. They had only ever been stories. Alec had been going to the woods for over a year and had never once encountered a hint of magic, let alone some evil entity bent on revenge for a centuries old war.
“I don’t understand.” Alec said finally, “How do I have anything to do with this?”
The light from the Adamas stone glimmered in Robert’s eyes, casting an almost sinister glow over his features. He smiled then in a way that only made Alec’s apprehension kick up again with twice as much force. His father never smiled. Especially not to Alec.
“I’m sure you’re well aware that there are warlocks living in Brocelind Woods.” Robert said, “And you also know that one of those warlocks is Magnus Bane."
Alec felt himself go cold all over, but aside from that his reaction was not an immediate one. There were too many layers to the words that had just come out of his father’s mouth, too many warring aspects of which Alec thought he should focus his attention first, that for a long minute there was nothing but silence between the pair of them as Alec’s brain worked itself in overtime, attempting, and failing, to make some sense out of at least one part of this.
“Don’t bother trying to deny it.” Robert said with a concerning level of causality, “I have a witness.”
Alec swallowed hard, and at least one piece of the puzzle slipped into place as dread crawled its way up his neck. He didn’t even have to guess who it was, “Michael.”
Robert flicked the stone in his hand, sending it flying upwards and catching it with a practiced ease when it came back down. His eyes never once moved from Alec’s face as he scanned each and every hint of a reaction plastered onto it. Alec, for his part, had no idea what Robert saw. He was frozen to his spot, his brain whirling.
“How long have you been seeing him?” Robert asked conversationally, as though this were anything close to a normal conversation. As though he was not perfectly well aware of the turmoil he was causing Alec.
“I-”
“Did you even think to suspect that he wasn’t who he said he was?” Robert continued, leaning forward, “Or did he manage to thoroughly fool you into spreading your legs for him like a common whore?”
Alec clenched his jaw, and a quip about Annamarie was on the tip of his tongue before his father continued-
“I always knew you were weak. But I must confess that I thought you were smarter than this, Alec. You have placed this entire Kingdom in danger-”
“You’re wrong.” Alec said, cutting him off. His was practically shaking as he paced the floor in front of Robert’s desk, “You- this is all wrong. Magnus isn’t- he can’t be…”
He knew Magnus too well to even consider that any of what his father was saying was true. He’d spent a year with Magnus; surely if he were a… warlock, Alec would have figured it out? How did someone even hide something like that? How could he have not known something like that?
But did he really know Magnus? He thought of the way he had never seen Magnus within the bounds of Alicante, not even when he looked out for him while visiting the city or any of its surrounding villages, though Alec had only done that so he'd know to hide and not risk unravelling the lies he'd spun about himself. A small voice whispered at him that he had no room to be angry, that he had kept secrets too. But his secrets were not… this. It was different. Magic was dangerous.
He thought of his mother. Of whatever poison was causing her body to waste away.
“Magnus isn’t a Warlock.” Alec insisted, and even to his own ears his voice sounded shaky, “And even if he was, what are you suggesting? That he had something to do with mother’s illness? This war between warlocks and Idris took place centuries ago.”
“The warlocks have always held a grudge against Idris for their loss. It is only by the mercy of Adamas, the gift granted to us by the Angel Raziel, that we have been able to ward them off for so long. We did some research and were able to find that Magnus’ father, Asmodeus, is an especially powerful warlock that disappeared two years ago. Is it really so unbelievable that he and his son were only waiting until such a time that they became powerful enough to exact the revenge they wanted? That Asmodeus enlisted his son in his plot for our downfall, sending him to live in Brocelind, and that poisoning Maryse was simply the first ste-”
“Yes!” Alec yelled. He stopped walking, gathering himself as he crossed back over the room, “Yes, it is unbelievable. I know Magnus. He isn’t what you say he is. He has nothing to do with this.”
Robert regarded him without a word, and slowly placed the Adamas stone back into its box and pushed it towards Alec. Alec flinched away from it in horror, “What do you want me to do with that?”
“This is your chance to prove yourself worthy of the crown.”
“Prove myself worthy?” Alec demanded incredulously, “I don’t have anything to prove. Magnus isn’t a Warlock.”
“And I suppose that all of your little clandestine meetings just needed to be in Brocelind for the fun of it.”
“Well it’s not like I could have met with him here!” He said savagely. How much had Michael seen? How much time had he spent following him? Images of all the times he’d met with Magnus flashed before his eyes, each one more graphic than the last. By the fucking Angels-
“So take the stone.” Robert challenged, “Go to the woods. Find him. And bring him back here for questioning.”
Alec stared at him. Robert appeared unconcerned about what Alec chose to do, and if Alec didn’t know any better he might have mistaken the order for a mere suggestion. As it was, he did know better, but he wanted no part of what Robert was asking of him.
“What will you do to him?” Alec asked anyway. He didn’t have a choice, that much he was sure of. But he had to go because it was the only way to prove Magnus’ innocence. And Alec knew that he was right; Magnus wasn’t a warlock. He couldn’t be. He thought of Jace, and of the flash of hurt he had seen on his brother’s face before he’d tried to hide it when Alec had brought up Clary that morning. Clary’s family was in disgrace, and the punishment for her relationship with Jace could land them both on trial. It could end with Jace being outcast right along with her if he refused to renounce his relationship, or with Clary being imprisoned if he did. What would the punishment be for Alec? There were no guidelines in the books for this. This wasn’t supposed to be possible.
He knew that he had to be right about Magnus not being a Warlock, because what would he do if he was wrong?
Robert’s smile widened. He looked feral, “If he is who he says he is, then he will be released unharmed. If not, then we will use him to lure his father to Idris and they will both be placed on trial.”
And as though this plan was the simplest fucking thing in the world, Robert snapped the lid on the box closed. Alec wanted to point out that he could never make Magnus do anything, and that if Robert were actually right, Alec highly doubted that a fucking stone would do much good in protecting him against a warlock. He said nothing.
“Michael will accompany you to the woods tonight.”
“I’ll go alone.” Alec countered, his jaw tightening at the thought of being shadowed by the man his father had used to stalk him for only the Angel knew how long. His resentment for Michael Wayland soared.
“No.” Robert said, “Until such a time that you regain my trust, you will go with Michael. He seems to be the only one in this palace aside from myself that cares at all about protecting what we have built, and doing the necessary work to accomplish that.”
Robert watched him, as though anticipating a response, and Alec thought back to a time that he had adored his father. Once, he’d looked up to him, wanting to be just like Robert. He wasn't quite sure when the switch had flipped in the other direction, or maybe there had never been a switch at all but rather a gradual process as he’d slowly become more aware of who Robert truly was. But now Alec could think of not a single fate worse than being anything like the man that sat before him. Whenever he inherited this Kingdom, he swore it on his life that he would be nothing like Robert.
He grabbed the stone off of the desk and walked away without another word.

  Magnus tangled his fingers in Alec’s hair, tugging insistently at it until Alec allowed himself to be drawn back down, until their lips met again in a slow, languid kiss. His tongue mimicked the motion of Alec’s hips as they rocked into him, and a breathless gasp was followed by Magnus’ leg wrapping tighter around Alec’s waist. He pulled him in even closer, every thrust hitting deeper and tearing the most beautiful rapture of sounds from Magnus’ throat. 


  Magnus was as beautiful as any Angel could ever be as he cried out, “Alexander…”
And Alec answered him in tandem, rolling his hips deeper, drawing them both closer, “Say it again.”


  Alec chased after Magnus’ lips, swallowing a moan as Magnus listened and arched up with a final cry of Alec’s name-

“Alec?”
Alec blinked himself back into awareness, looking around as his momentary disorientation gave way to the faces of his siblings peering down at him, mutual looks of concern etched into their features. With a groan, Alec sat up straight and looked around to find that he was still in the library. Several dust covered books were scattered across the table in front of him, and despite it all he had a brief second of thinking -hoping- that the conversation with his father that had led him here had in fact been nothing but a dream, only to look down at the contents of the books, and feel the weight of the box in his pocket, and realize woefully that it was not.  
“Are you okay?” Isabelle asked for what had to be the fifth time that day alone, and through his own inner turmoil Alec did manage to feel guilty at the way he’d been letting his siblings suffer as well. He never wanted to cause them undue pain, even when he himself was suffering.
Jace stepped closer gingerly, and plucked one of the books Alec had been reading into his own hands. He flipped through the pages with furrowed brows and an increasingly deepening frown as he scanned the contents. Alec did not have the energy to stop him, and instead looked up at the giant tapestry that hung from the wall behind him that displayed the map of Idris. Their Kingdom was relatively small, Alicante being the largest and only other city aside from Princewater, which was as breathtaking as Alicante in its beauty. Brocelind Plain separated the two, and several small villages and towns were interspersed between them. Where Alicante was bordered by the woods, Princewater, where Aline lived, was bordered by the ocean, and hosted the Kingdom’s main port.
“What are you doing?” Jace asked finally, looking down at Alec as though he did not recognize him at all, “What is all of this?”
With a heavy sigh, Alec pushed back the strands of hair that had fallen into his face and pulled himself to his feet. His hair had gotten longer in the past year, Alec having left it to grow out at Magnus’ request. He took a second to steady himself, forcing himself to ignore the lingering phantom touch of Magnus’ fingers running through it, and the memory of Magnus murmuring low in Alec’s ear how much he loved it.
“Nothing.” Alec said, shaking his head at both himself and at Jace’s question. He yanked the book out of Isabelle’s hand, where it had somehow ended up, and ignored the shout of indignation he received for it. The palace’s library was vast, but there was nothing to be found in any of these books that he did not already know. His only other option might be to gain access to Alicante’s Silent City, which housed the largest historical archives in the Kingdom. But the location was heavily secluded and outside of specifically outlined circumstances and without express permission, everyone aside from those that worked there and the sitting Monarch were barred from entry.
He snapped the book shut hard enough that a puff of dust flew up at him, “I just felt like a trip down memory lane.”
“Does this have something to do with all of your trips to Brocelind Woods?” Isabelle demanded, “Did you… see something?”
Alec narrowed his eyes. Perhaps, if he wasn’t so tired, and if there wasn’t so much on his mind already that he felt he might go insane with anything else added to his plate, he might have pursued further the way that Isabelle almost sounded...hopeful. He knew that his brother and sister were reckless, traits he frequently warned them not to encourage in Max, who already idolized Jace far beyond what Alec could take comfort in.
“Of course I haven’t.” He said, and against his will and despite his very best attempts to combat it, his thoughts ran back to Magnus. He would be seeing him again tonight, and even though the circumstances were less than ideal, a small part of him was looking forward to it. When he’d left Magnus last night, he’d done so thinking that he would never get the chance to see him again. 
Magic exists. It always has. The imposing weight of the box which contained the Adamas stone felt heavy in Alec’s pocket, and a glance through the window of the library confirmed that evening was drawing near. Michael would come looking for him soon.
Isabelle’s eyes lit up in glee, and Alec’s initial confusion gave way quickly, his shoulders dropping as he recalled what he’d said and realized that he’d walked right into her trap.
“So you have been going into the woods!” She exclaimed. Jace, the traitor that he was, grinned down at Isabelle as though she had obtained this information honestly and of her own merit, rather than by means of deception.
He glared at both of them. He had always liked Max better anyway.
“No.” He said thinly. He thought he might be getting a headache. Sometimes, Alec felt like he hated his siblings. Neither of them believed him, that much was evident from the looks they gave each other, and Alec had just about had enough of it.
He thought he’d just about had enough of everything. He began gathering up the books he’d taken in his arm, intending to take them back to his room. Maybe he had missed something during his first look-
He stiffened as the sound of footsteps approached them, and the library door slowly creaked open. All three of them turned to look.
“Isa- Oh. My apologies. I was unaware that you were all here.” Lydia, Alec realized with relief as she stepped into the room. He allowed himself to relax just a little bit.
“I meant to find out if you were ready for your trip into the city, your Highness?” Lydia asked, looking between the three of them before focusing on Isabelle, “The carriage has been prepared.”
“I am.” Isabelle replied, and only then did Alec allow himself to take in the way she and Jace were dressed. All at once, a half formed idea started taking shape in his mind.
“You’re going into the city?” Alec asked, telling himself not to get too excited. This was more likely to fail than it was to work.
Three pairs of eyes landed on him.
“By the Angel.” Jace swore under his breath. He nudged Isabelle gently with his head inclined in Alec’s direction, “I told you he was starting to lose his mind, Iz.”
Any other time, Alec might have made a biting remark at the expense of Jace’s sense of humor, but right then he had only one thing on his mind. He pressed his hand against the box in his pocket and cast another furtive glance out the window. In the far distance, he could see the tops of the highest trees in Brocelind Woods.
“Don’t tell me you actually want to come with us?” Isabelle asked, skepticism coloring her voice.
Alec did his best to smile, making it as genuine as he could manage, “I could do with the change of scenery.”
The spacious carriage held all four of them comfortably. Alec and Lydia were mostly silent for the trip, though Alec was occasionally pulled into the conversation that Isabelle and Jace were having. He tried to appear as enthusiastic as they wanted him to be, but he was too absorbed in his own mind and still sulking over the impracticalities of what Isabelle had managed to fuss her way into having him wear. Neither of them seemed to mind very much though, both seeming satisfied to just have him there.
Lydia was as she always was; keeping herself out of the personal business of the Royal children. She often chaperoned leisurely trips such as these, as she was doing tonight at Isabelle’s request, despite her high rank in the Guard. Something as tedious as this would have typically been relegated to someone far below her rank, but she did it anyway. Alec sometimes wondered if Isabelle valued Lydia's company so much because she considered Lydia as a sister; he knew that she'd always wanted one. But he couldn't figure out what Lydia got out of it. Lydia seemed too busy scanning their surroundings and looking out for every possible risk to actually enjoy herself. Her expression as they rode down the hills away from the palace and into the city was unreadable, and each time Alec tried to catch her eyes he failed, until he eventually gave up and settled himself to look out of the window as Angel Square Plaza materialized itself around them. He looked on in adoration at the tall buildings of dark, honey-colored brick that rose high above the carriage and the wide, stone pathways that all seemed to lead to the pale white structure of the Covenant Hall.
This was the general meeting hall for all of Idris; all matters concerning the Kingdom and the people within were decided upon here. Named for the laws by which all citizens of Idris abided, the Covenant Hall was hundreds of years old, and bore Idris’ coat-of-arms and an inscription on the front of the building: “Descensus Averno facilis est.” Inside contained many rooms, most of which Alec had never even seen. The few instances in which he had seen the inside of the Hall had been when dealing with something of great importance, where all members of the Royal family were required to attend, or when accompanying Robert for other, smaller matters that his father considered to be good training. The most notable memory that Alec had of the Covenant Hall was one that he shared with his siblings, and perhaps all of Idris: the sentencing of Valentine Morgenstern, Clary’s father.
Where the palace had always felt constricting, Alec truly loved coming into Angel Square. Shops lined the street, small children running in and out and staring up at the carriage in open admiration as they drove by. In the middle of the plaza stood a towering bronze statue of the Angel Raziel, watching over all of them both metaphorically and literally. The Square was picturesque and fun in a way that made Alec breathe easier, even if he was still mildly uncomfortable with the level of attention afforded to him and his family whenever they were there. His siblings were the exact opposite, and once they finally managed to talk Lydia into stopping the carriage and letting them out to walk the rest of the way to Pandemonium -because Alec was sure, from the way Jace looked about ready to crawl out of his own skin, that that was where they were headed- his sister was the first to climb out. She was followed by Jace, who, being Jace, took the hand of a woman with a single blonde plait down her back and kissed it. Predictably, she flushed a deep pink color that Jace had already moved on too far away to notice. Her friends behind her swooned, gathering around her to inspect her hand as though it had been kissed by Raziel himself.
Alec rolled his eyes as he pulled himself out of the carriage and followed after them, mustering up a smile and even a few well placed waves that he hoped would be effective enough to appease the small crowd that had already gathered. His engagement to Aline had not yet been made public, but Alec wished it had been only so he could put the women clambering over themselves in hopes of catching the attention of the future King out of their misery. He felt sorry for them almost, to know that so many of them had possibly spent their lives hanging onto the little sliver of hope that they had deluded themselves into having, that he might actually one day look their way. Though he tried to be kind to them, telling himself that it was not their fault -same as it wasn’t Aline’s- that the only faces Alec had ever felt particularly drawn to were decidedly not feminine ones, and that they stood no chance of genuinely winning his favor.
Of course, now that the seeds of that thought had entered his mind, Alec suffered quietly when it began to spiral quickly into a very specific face: Magnus. Magnus Bane, Alec now knew the ‘B’ on the signet rings that Magnus wore to signify. The name ‘Bane’ rang no bells for him. He was sure he had never heard it before, and all of his searching for any reference to an Asmodeus had also turned up blank. Besides himself, and the many reasons he had not to, Alec could not help the little thrill that rushed through him at the reminder that he would be seeing Magnus tonight, but whatever joy he felt at the prospect of seeing the man one last time was tampered by the bitter possibility that everything Robert had said about Magnus could turn out to be true. Alec had not brought his bow with him, and he’d received a nasty look from Isabelle when he’d suggested it.
So his only weapon was the Adamas stone, and he didn’t even know how to use that, or if it really served any purpose other than being a glorified witchlight. His fingers once again reached down of their own accord, brushing against the box in his pocket that held the stone as he had done so many times since leaving the palace just to reassure himself of its presence. He had no concrete plan further than to find Magnus, had no idea how he would even begin to ask the necessary questions, and he had no way of predicting how Magnus would react when he did.
It isn’t true, Alec told himself, desperately trying to believe himself, It isn’t true.
The Pandemonium club was owned by Alexei De Quincey.
It sat on one of his many estates, a tall white house with white pillars barring the entrance. It was surrounded by a towering wall that hid it from the view of anyone walking past it, and served only the wealthiest and most reputable clientele that Alicante had to offer. The privacy it afforded made it a location that Isabelle, Jace, and Alec often frequented, though Alec had had little need for it in the past year. Alexei sauntered up to them as they entered, shaking Alec’s hand with a smile that was just a little bit too enthusiastic.
“What a pleasure to have you back in my club, your Highness.” He said with a low bow. Alec returned his smile as he was expected to, but he stared despairingly after Jace and Isabelle as they were escorted to their private room, Lydia trailing after them. He didn’t want to risk offending Alexei, even if he would rather not be around him. Because of his club, Alexei knew about Alec’s preference for male partners, though the words were never spoken outright between them, and Alec always felt on edge around anyone outside of his family that knew the secret he guarded so carefully.
“I’ve been busy this past year.” Alec said, choosing his words carefully, “I haven’t had much time to…”
“Indulge?” Alexei offered. His eyes sparkled with barely concealed curiosity.
Alec made himself laugh. He nodded towards the room that his siblings had disappeared into, “I should go, before they get themselves into trouble.”
“Ah, but your Highness,” Alexei said in his usual slow drawl, “This club offers only the best kind of trouble.”
The Lightwood’s had a private room at the Pandemonium Club. Alec made his way into it, nodding in acknowledgement to the guard that opened the door for him. He made it just in time to see Jace departing up the spiraling staircase, his hand on the lower back of a woman with fiery red hair. All members and workers at Pandemonium were sworn to secrecy about anything that took place inside of it, allowing Jace the opportunity to meet with Clary as he pleased. Alec understood, even if he didn’t approve, of Jace’s relationship with Clary. Mostly, he worried about the outcome of anyone else finding out, even though Jace had told him a million times that he shouldn’t concern himself with such things. Alec found it difficult not to worry about his siblings. Sometimes it felt like that was all he ever did. But he had seen his father on the day he’d levelled the Morgenstern’s with their sentence, and he doubted that time had given Robert any of the mercy he’d lacked that day. He would not be kind to either Jace or Clary if he discovered the truth of their relationship.
Alec looked around the room. Two servers stood silently awaiting further orders, Lydia in another corner with her hands clasped tightly behind her back. She seemed just as agitated as she had been in the carriage. Alec recognized the woman that sat with Isabelle as Tessa Gray, a rather successful writer and old friend of the Lightwood family. Tessa had been married to William Herondale before his death in the fire at Herondale Manor. Tessa had been away at the time and as a result she’d been one of the only residents at the Manor to survive the fire. Both of them looked up as Alec approached.
Alec went to them. Tessa was one of the few people outside of his family that he actually liked. He loved her books and her quiet, genuine disposition that he found so many others tended to lack. Her eyes lit up as Alec drew closer to them, getting to her feet to pull him into a hug. Isabelle noticed Alec’s eyes drift over to the servers and nodded knowingly in the direction of an untouched wine glass on the table- she had ordered for him.
“I’ve heard rumors,” Tessa said to him with a small smile as she retook her seat opposite Isabelle, Alec fitting in next to her, “Of a royal engagement.”
Alec accepted the wine glass that Isabelle pushed towards him, suddenly immensely grateful for it, “Have you now?”
“You know how people gossip.” Tessa said cryptically. She seemed to recognize Alec’s rising panic and take pity on him.
“I’m just teasing.” She said, “And I don’t actually know if any of it’s true. I suspect that you won’t put my curiosity at ease and tell me.”
Alec looked up and saw Alexei standing off to the side, at the entrance of the room. His head was bent in conversation with another man that Alec didn’t recognize, but his eyes were trained on Alec. He glanced away again quickly, draining the remainder of his wine.
“Unfortunately not.” Alec said to Tessa. She sighed as though this was the worst thing she’d ever heard, but Alec saw that she was still smiling as she stood and dismissed herself.
“There’s someone else I need to chat with.” She said, “It was nice to see you again, Alexander. And you, Isabelle.”
Alec watched her go, and then looked down at his empty glass with a frown. Alexei was gone now, as was the man he’d been speaking to, but Alec still had enough other things on his mind that his uneasiness did not disappear.
“I need something stronger.”
“Have you turned into an alcoholic overnight?” Isabelle asked him with a raised brow.
Alec thought that being an alcoholic might be easier than this, “Something like that. What’s wrong with Lydia? She seems… upset.”
Isabelle shrugged, toying wordlessly with her own glass as she looked over to where Lydia was, standing exactly where she’d been when Alec had come in. She didn’t appear to be looking at them but Alec knew that she was. Isabelle’s gaze lingered just a little longer before she dragged it back to Alec, tapping her fingers rhythmically against the table.
“So.” She began, and Alec sighed in resignation as he recognized the switch in her tone, “To what do I owe the pleasure of your company, big brother?”
“Don’t you have some handsome suitor of your own to spend the night with?” Alec asked instead of answering. He raised a hand and one of the servers appeared immediately at their table. Alec ordered the strongest thing he knew to be available and ignored the look that Isabelle gave him for the obvious deterrent. Tessa bringing up Aline had unsettled him even further, and Alec needed something to push past it.
“Simon and I broke things off almost a month ago.” Isabelle said as the server walked away, “You might have known that if you ever paid attention to anything I say.”
Alec ignored the jab and the guilt it brought with it, “So you just came down here to admire the club’s décor?”
“Yes. And to give Jace an alibi.” Isabelle said. She finished the rest of her drink and set the glass down, her gaze flickering wistfully over Alec’s shoulder, “It’s become somewhat of our thing. You aren’t the only one who likes to escape from that place.”
That place, Alec knew, was the palace. Their home, that had never fully felt like much of a home. Admirable in its grandeur and coveted by many, Alec felt he could only ever admire the palace from the outside. Within its walls was an entirely different story. He'd always known that his siblings felt the same way, though he still didn’t quite know how to respond when Isabelle voiced it. Part of him wanted to argue off instinct alone, to do what Robert would consider the right thing and tell her that it wasn’t really so bad, and that they should be grateful for all that they had.
Looking down, he reminded himself that he never had to pretend with Isabelle, or with Jace.
“Except instead of going through the woods,” Isabelle continued when Alec had been silent for a while, “We just come here and get drunk. Or, if you’re Jace, to get drunk and meet up with your secret lover.”
Alec inhaled sharply at the reminder of the fact that his brother and his girlfriend were more than likely in the process of defiling one of the rooms in the club, and that he and Jace might share a similar vice in that respect. Isabelle looked at him expectantly, and Alec knew that she was trying to push for more details into his relationship. Once again, Alec stared fretfully down at his now empty glass and wished the server would hurry with their orders. This first drink had been as effective as water might have been in switching off the thrum of anxiety vibrating under his skin. Unable to sit still any longer and aware that he was only putting off the inevitable, Alec stood abruptly.
“I’m going to get some air.” He said. He saw the beginnings of a complaint forming on Isabelle’s lips, but she never got to say out loud even the first syllable of it before her eyes widened at something she saw behind him. Alec, before his confusion even had the chance to properly settle, felt a strong hand grip his upper arm and spin him around.
He froze with shock as he came face to face with a glowering Michael Wayland.
“I should report you back to your father for this.” Michael said, his grip on Alec’s arm tightening to the point that it took considerable effort on Alec’s part not to wince for it, refusing to show any sign of weakness. In his peripheral view he saw that Lydia had moved to stand closer to them, and he felt a flash of sympathy for her, knowing that she would most likely be reprimanded for this as well even though she hadn't known what Alec was doing.
“Go ahead.” Alec snarled at Michael, “It’s not as though you’ve ever held back before.”
“Where is the stone?” Michael demanded, his voice laced with venom. Alexei had appeared again, and was now approaching them flanked by two of his security guards.
And instead of answering, Alec made a snap decision. If he was going to get himself in trouble for this, he might as well take all the risks he could. He raised his knee, kicking Michael away from him and using the ensuing momentary lapse in Michael’s focus to twist out of his grip. He did not wait, shoving his way through the crowd that had gathered around them and dashing across the floor. He tumbled through the front doors and out into the cold night air.
“Alec!” Someone screamed after him, though he was not sure if it was Lydia or Isabelle, and he didn't look back to find out. Outside, the midnight black horse that he recognized as Michael’s stood peaceably, and Alec was familiar enough with the animal -as he was all the horses at the palace stables- that he took his chances. By the time he had climbed up onto Hugin and taken the horse's reins in his hands, the doors to the Pandemonium were slammed open and Michael came whirling out. His face was red with fury as he spotted Alec atop Hugin. Alec saw Lydia stumble out after Michael, and his guilt returned in full force as he watched her face fall upon spotting him.
Alec kicked Hugin off into a run, the commotion that had ensued with his chaotic escape fading into the distance as he went.
  
    Chapter Text
    There was a voice saying his name.Magnus sat, paralyzed, the water of his bath moving gently around him, as he replayed the voice that had woke him over again in his head, telling himself that it was not possible. But the owner of that voice was unmistakable even to Magnus’ slightly drunken and sleep addled brain, and it wrenched up memories of everything Magnus had been trying to forget. His eyes moved around the room and found nothing, no one there except himself and the fragmented image of his own reflection in the mirror he had broken sometime between last night and right then. Stepping out of the bath,  Magnus reached for the Keris he had placed onto the table next to him. His fingers closed around the golden hilt of the dagger, and Magnus pulled it closer, cradling the familiar weight of it close to himself, attempting with much difficulty to steady his breathing.He knew that voice.That voice was a murmur in his ear, bodies blanketed by the dark and hands roaming across miles of warm skin. It was a chill passing over him, like a tease against the most intimate parts of his body. It was filthy whispers in his ear as he was filled and brought to the edge only to be thrown over, freefalling into an abyss and helpless to do anything but allow it. That voice was everything Magnus had sworn to forget, and he had heard it in his ear as clearly as though someone had spoken right into it. But no one else was in this room with him, and Alec had long since left for Alicante.A knock at his door called his attention, and Magnus sighed with great reluctance as he called out to the person on the other side to wait just a little while he made himself presentable. His movements were robotic, the actions of someone who had done this many times before. His footsteps were soft as he padded out of the bathroom into the wider space of his bedroom, drying himself with a wave of his hand because he couldn’t be bothered to do it the long way. A quick search had him finding and tugging on nearby pants, followed by a shirt that he yanked out of his wardrobe. He was still doing up the buttons when he snapped his fingers and unlocked his bedroom door. A half-filled potion bottle sat on the table in the corner of the room and Magnus lifted it to his lips, taking a single mouthful of the bitter liquid inside. He felt the effects of it immediately, clearing his head and the lingering effects of whatever he had drank last night- he found that his memory of stumbling into the house wasn’t as clear as he might have liked it to be.“Come in.” Magnus said tonelessly, forcing himself to concentrate on the task at hand. He placed the Keris under his pillow just as the door was pushed open and a young boy entered. He was not surprised to see Elias, with his shock of inky black hair and wide, permanently cautious eyes, who still looked to Magnus the same as he had when he’d first arrived on his doorstep so many years ago; only a boy. He was skinny and frail and short, even though he should be turning nineteen soon. Magnus had never fully believed him to be telling the truth about his age.“Good evening.” Elias said, bending his head. Magnus noticed the faint red blush against the tops of Elias’ ears as he took in Magnus’ state of partial undress.“Pardon my interruption.” He said.“I wasn’t getting much sleep anyway.” Magnus said wryly, and inclined his head to invite Elias further into the room. The boy hesitated further on the threshold, and Magnus raised a questioning brow at him. He had always been a skittish thing, and the years he had been living with Magnus had seemingly done nothing to break him out of his shyness.“Miss Catarina Loss has sent a message to the house.” Elias said, “She’s ready to see you.”Magnus bristled, and finished dressing in silence. With a frown, he caught sight of his own reflection in the mirror over his vanity and pretended not to notice the dark circles that had formed under his eyes. The day had passed slowly, dragging on without much involvement on Magnus’ part, and he’d almost not realized so much of it had gone by until he’d looked outside and saw darkness of nightfall setting in around the house.“I’ll be down shortly.” He said to Elias, aware that his tone had gone cold and unable to care for it, even when Elias' shoulders tensed in response to the harshness. The boy nodded and took it as the dismissal it was, bowing out of the room and closing the door behind him with a soft click. Magnus stared after him, and then turned back to see his Keris. It seemed to glitter in the light of the setting sun that streamed in from Magnus’ open window, and the memory of Alec’s voice once again distorted itself cruelly into words Magnus did not want to hear.
  I can’t see you anymore.
He could still see clearly in his mind blue eyes and soft black hair that fell into Alec’s face because Alec had grown it out when Magnus made one stupid throw-away remark about wanting to run his fingers through it. Magnus fought with himself against the forming images and lost embarrassingly quickly, picturing an elegantly curved mouth, and the slope of Alec’s jaw and long neck that had always tempted Magnus to leave marks against it.He never had, and standing there now in his room with the realization that he would never again have the chance, he regretted it more than anything else.But his relationship with Alec had not been a public one for either of them, and though they’d always avoided talking of the specifics, neither of them had been under the illusion that it ever would be. Marking him in such a way had always felt too intimate for Magnus.Too much like a claim of something that was not his.He thought that his life this past year would have been infinitely easier had he just left Alec for dead that first night, the way he’d wanted to do the moment he’d recognized him for who he was. It would have been the right thing to do, and damn whatever residual tenderness for humanity was left inside of him -that Asmodeus had not managed to stamp out of him- for insisting otherwise. He remembered bringing Alec back to his house, sending Elias away on some errand that would keep him gone until the morning. He’d wanted to be alone with Alec. He hadn’t yet decided what he would do with him. And then Alec had woken up, and Magnus had been at even more of a loss.Because Alec hadn’t been what he’d expected. He’d gotten some of it right. Alec was stubborn, willful, proud, arrogant. But he had always wanted Magnus. Magnus had seen it clearly in the way that Alec watched him, even if he'd tried to hide it that first night. Alec always carried himself with the air of someone that knew exactly what was going on, and it had been a point of humorous contention for Magnus, who knew so much of the truth that Alec didn’t, to think of indulging him in his desires. Nothing more than mere entertainment, a fun story to look back on about that time he’d broken Idris’ precious heir and sent him crawling back to his throne, ruined by Magnus’ hand and forced to accept that no one but himself had allowed it.So when Alec had asked to see him again, Magnus had agreed.And it had never been worth it. Alexander was dangerous just by virtue of his last name and, Magnus told himself as he reopened his eyes with yet another scowl for his reflection in the vanity mirror, Magnus had no shortage of people to fuck or be fucked by. People who were not the heir to Idris’ throne. Much better options that were not doomed to end as catastrophically as whatever he had had with Alexander was. Because it had not taken Magnus very long to recognize the fatal flaw in his own plans. He had not taken into consideration the way that he himself would be affected by Alec, and his lack of foresight had quickly become a problem. Even while his mind fought against it, demanding that Magnus maintain his first and only rule and not get attached, he was drawn to Alec in a way that Magnus has no hope of ignoring.
  I can’t see you again.
He tried to rationalize with himself in his mind, to draw logic where he had always forgotten it before. He didn’t know what had triggered Alec’s sudden decision to end things; Alec hadn’t given him much aside from the firm insistence that it was over and nothing would change his mind. Magnus recalled the feeling of wanting to summon the blue flames of his magic and determine for himself whatever it was that was making Alec think that this was necessary, and to wipe it from the face of the Earth. And then he'd looked a bit closer, seen the resolve in Alec’s eyes, his hands clasped behind his back and his head held high, every inch of him looking nothing short of the soon to be King that he was, and Magnus had regained his sense. It was for the best, Magnus knew. Alec being the one to break things off had taken a tremendous responsibility off of Magnus, and he could appreciate that no matter how surprised, and angry, he had been in the moment.Especially now, Magnus thought as he remembered Elias' message. With everything happening now, Magnus had enough on his own plate, and he did not have the time to extend to maintaining any kind of relationship with anyone. The last thing he needed to be doing was fantasizing about leaving his marks across the skin of Idris’ soon to be King.He forced himself to relax at least some of the tension that he’d gathered in his shoulders. His bath had meant to help with that, and it had failed spectacularly. The alcohol was no longer running through his veins. Magnus felt as though every nerve in his body was alight and restless. But he had plans.He grabbed his Keris off of the table and slid it into its sheath. Magnus looked out of the window as the sun was drawn further below the trees, and with a final burst of determination, he pushed Alec out of his mind. It would do Magnus no good to be occupied with thoughts of Alexander Lightwood, least of all right now.He had work to do.
Catarina Loss leveled him with an unimpressed glare as Magnus entered her home, a modestly sized cottage that stood on the edge of a river. Catarina was one of only a few Warlocks that lived in Brocelind, and the only one that Magnus really interacted with. He enjoyed Catarina’s company but had kept his distance for much of the time he’d lived there, thinking that she did not return the sentiment and merely tolerated him when he showed up. They’d undoubtedly gotten closer in the past few weeks, but sometimes Magnus genuinely did not know how much of her reactions were real dislike for him, or just her personality.“I was beginning to think you were lost.” She said, “Or that you had changed your mind.”Magnus would have been offended at the insinuation if Catarina were anyone else. Instead, he only eyed the room warily, “Of course I haven’t changed my mind. Not about this.”Catarina did not respond, giving him only a pointed, expectant look that she turned towards his hand. Despite the fact that they had been planning for this almost a month now, Magnus still hesitated before he closed and locked the door behind him. He dug into his satchel with a gloved hand and pulled out his father’s grimoire. The book appeared innocuous to the blind eye, its black leather creased at the edges and its pages beginning to crinkle with age. Magnus, however, looked closer, and years of exposure to magic meant that it did not take much effort for him to see the swirling lines of red that surrounded it, nor to feel the energy moving throughout it. He was familiar enough with his father’s magic that he could tell it was undoubtedly the work of Asmodeus that guarded the grimoire so heavily.Catarina’s house was neatly put away aside from the area surrounding the table in the middle of the room. The table itself was covered in faded, bronze-colored parchment, all of which looked thoroughly weathered. Slashed across the pages were letterings in thin black ink, words crossed out and others underlined for emphasis. There were opened books on the floor, and about five closed ones stacked atop each other and leaning against one of the table’s legs.At Catarina’s instruction, Magnus sat the grimoire down onto the table. Catarina, with a quick swipe of hand and a rush of wind that rose up around them, drew all the windows and curtains of the cottage shut. She did not take her eyes off of the book, her lips parting in an almost inaudible gasp as she moved towards it. Around the door Magnus had just entered through, he noticed the shimmering lining of gold that reinforced the locks.“Did you finish decoding the spells?” He asked as he took off his coat and slipped it onto the backrest of a nearby chair. A fire crackled on the end of the room, its red and orange flames rising up from black coals. He didn't need to ask that question, and Catarina didn't respond further than to cast him a look as though to say so herself.Magnus pulled the gloves off of his hands and began reading through some of the pages Catarina had gathered. It was an amalgamation of various languages, most of which Magnus recognized and read without difficulty. Chthonic was the most common form of magic, and Chthonian the most widely used language for basic spells. Others, like Gehennic, Abysaal, Tartarian -Magnus noticed them all in varying frequencies as he looked- were rarer, but most Warlocks were still well versed enough that they could call upon it when necessary. This was where Magnus had needed Catarina’s expertise; she was far more knowledgeable in the realm of old languages than he was.But still, the uneasiness he felt would not go away, and he was unable to stop himself asking, “You’re sure this will work?”“Are you doubting my expertise?” Catarina replied.Despite his worries, a small smile tugged up the corners of Magnus' mouth, “No. I know better.”Catarina looked like she didn't particularly believe him, but she said nothing more of the subject as she turned herself towards the book. He trusted Catarina. He would not be here, with this, if he didn’t. But there was still something nagging at him, looking for any miniscule error she might have made, any miscalculation on their part. They only got one shot at this, and Magnus had never been good at letting other people take the lead on such important matters.“Then be quiet," Catarina said, extending a hand for the page Magnus was holding, "And let me work.”Magnus raised a hand to give it to her, and then-
  “Magnus!”
He startled at the sound of that voice again, and the page fell out of his hand and floated to the floor. Catarina looked up at him with barely concealed irritation, “Is everything okay?”Magnus stared at her, and then down at the page. He glanced at one of the windows despite not being able to see through the curtain as he asked, “You didn’t hear that?”“Hear what?” Catarina demanded, and from the exasperated tone she used Magnus knew he had been more of a bother to her than anything else the entire short time he’d been there.But that voice… Alec’s voice. He shook his head and bent to pick up the page, handing it over to her but avoiding meeting her eyes as he did. Of course Catarina hadn't heard. It wasn't real.“Nothing.” He mumbled. He was clearly losing his damn mind, and it was all the fault of Alec. Magnus resolved that the moment this was done and over with, he would go out and find another body to lose himself in, another mouth to chase away the lingering taste of Alec on his lips. Anything, to wipe away the memories of this man before it completely drove him to insanity.“Magnus!” Catarina hissed. Magnus’ gaze snapped up, wincing as he found Catarina standing right in front of him. She snatched the page out of his hand and narrowed her eyes.“Where in Lilith's name is your head right now?” She asked, “Magnus, I can’t do this if you’re not with me.”“I am with you.” Magnus replied tersely, though he very much wasn't. He sighed, “I’m sorry. This is just… it’s a lot.”And though Magnus fully expected Catarina to snap at him, and wouldn’t blame her at all if she did, her features only softened in something akin to understanding.“I know.” She said. Gingerly -they had never been much inclined to physical contact- Catarina placed a hand on Magnus’ arm, “Are you sure-?”“Yes.” Magnus said immediately. He berated himself for his wandering thoughts. They had come so far. This was the last thing they needed, and he wasn't about to ruin it all. He turned towards the book. He remembered the fight that Asmodeus had put up when Magnus took it from him, the way Magnus had never seen his father quite so enraged as when he’d come home to find Magnus stealing this book, “I don’t know what my father was planning but I did know my father, and I know he was hiding something. This book may be our only chance to figure it out.”“Breaking the enchantment spells is going to take a lot of energy.” Catarina warned, her eyes darkening, “I’ve done the math, drawn up the counter-spells. But… you feel that, don’t you? Magnus, that’s dark magic. Forbidden magic.”“I know.” He said, shuddering for the reminder. Of course he knew. He had grown up surrounded by it. It had taken him years to build up the courage to flee it. He looked down at the book again. Even if he might have been able to figure out and cast the correct counter-spells himself, he had no way of knowing what he was about to uncover. He didn’t think it was safe to go at it alone.Catarina didn't touch the grimoire, as Magnus had warned her about the ramifications of doing so with her bare skin; the unpleasant reminder came back to him of how he'd spent hours nursing his own hand back to health after the grimoire had nearly burned the skin of his fingers away when he’d first tried to take it up. Catarina gathered the pages she’d written the incantations on, brushing close enough to the grimoire that the wisps of red swirling around it bent in her direction, and Magnus’ throat tightened in concern.Magnus had spent months formulating his plan for escape from the house he’d shared with his father. He’d known it would not be just him but Elias as well, as he refused to leave the boy to the mercy of Asmodeus in Magnus’ absence. He’d perfected his plan down to the very last second and he’d gotten as far as the door on his way out. But then he'd gotten close enough to the grimoire to really notice the magic emanating from within it, and suddenly the plan had changed.Warlocks were nomads. They had no centralized governing body, no King nor Queen to rule over them the way that Idris did. They were responsible only for themselves, and answered only to themselves, and as such, there was no real community amongst them, in such a strict sense of the word. But there were certain things that were unanimously agreed upon, certain magic that was heavily frowned upon by those that had the ability to use it.At first, Magnus had brushed aside the grimoire and Asmodeus’ protectiveness of it as just another one of his father’s eccentricities. For all that his father was odd, withdrawn, and even sometimes cruel in his parenting tactics, Magnus had never wanted to believe he was capable of doing magic such as this. The grimoire had proved him wrong, and Magnus found himself needing to know what was inside of it. So he’d made the minor change to his plans and grabbed it, and he’d fled with Elias and the grimoire in his hand. He hadn’t been expecting his father to return home and find him, to see what he was holding, and to know that Magnus had been leaving with it. Asmodeus had lashed out, and after he'd secured Elias where he wouldn't be harmed, Magnus had retaliated with all the magic that he had inside of him.The end result had been his father laying on the ground before him, his magic depleted enough that he could not fight back. Magnus had stared at him for several minutes, trying to convince himself to deliver the final blow.He hadn’t done it.He’d run without killing him and come to Brocelind, hiding out as close as he could endure to Alicante, the place that his father was least likely to follow him to, for almost two years. When Asmodeus hadn’t immediately come after him, Magnus told himself that his father was dead, and that he and Elias were safe now. It had been two years of nothing but silence. But still, every second that ticked by while he stood in Catarina's kitchen he was surprised that Asmodeus did not come bursting through the doors demanding the grimoire’s return along with some spell cast their way as punishment for having taken it.Catarina had asked, when Magnus first sought out her assistance, what he expected to find in this book. Magnus didn't have an answer for her then and he didn't have one now, but he had every intention of figuring it out.Catarina took a deep breath, extending her fingers before her and flexing them lightly.“With the amount of energy this requires, we most likely only get one shot at it.” She said. Magnus could hear the slight undercurrent of worry in her voice, though she tried to mask it, “Are you ready?”Magnus took a deep breath and extended his hand towards her, lacing their fingers together. They would harness each other’s energy, drawing on each other’s strength to push as much of it into these spells as possible, “Yes.”They stepped forward, coming to a stand in front of the grimoire. The red magic around it hugged the book tightly, fittingly reminiscent of chains, spitting at them and twisting in protest under their joint scrutiny, as though it had a life and a mind of its own. Magnus supposed that it did.“Repeat after me.” Catarina said. She gave him one last look, a silent question in her eyes that Magnus nodded in response to. Magnus had to give her credit where it was due, especially right now. Not many witches would have so readily agreed to help him with such a thing.Catarina raised a hand -the one not holding Magnus’- and the pages on the table spun up into a small tornado, vanishing one by one into thin air as they did, until only one remained.“Here we are.” She said, and if Magnus wasn’t mistaken he was sure he heard a small hint of pride in her voice. She looked at him again, and Magnus confirmed yet again with a nod that he was ready to see this through.And then Catarina was speaking, her voice first taking on the gravelly, distinct sound that Magnus knew to be Abysaal, with borrowed words from Gehennic following closely after. Asmodeus had made breaking into the grimoire as difficult a task as possible, forming his spells like somewhat of a puzzle, and it was almost impossible to keep up with the various shifts as they moved along- the moment Magnus got used to one thing, Catarina would begin another. There was no rhyme or reason to any of it, the words flowing one after the other, tumbling over each other, and all the while they spoke Magnus kept his eyes firmly locked on the book.The air around them thickened, and the fire roared and raged in its corner. Magnus watched as the table began to shake, as the red chains holding down the book began to stretch apart. His grip on Catarina’s hand threatened to slip free several times but they both held on tightly. Magnus could feel himself slipping, exhaustion weighing down on his body until standing felt too strenuous, until he struggled to remember exactly why he was doing this in the first place. But he pushed forward, Catarina pushed forward. The grimoire rose up off of the table, shaking violently in the air as their magic surrounded it. They ignored the rattling of the windows, the curtains flying up, the encroaching heat pressing against their skin like they had been plunged straight into a furnace. Red and orange and blue twisted around them in all its brilliant splendor, and just when Magnus felt as though he couldn’t possibly take anymore of it, Catarina spoke her final words. They had no time to either think or say anything; a wave of dark red pushed itself out from the book and sent them stumbling backwards as though they'd been physically shoved away from it. Magnus caught himself against the wall while Catarina, not so lucky, tripped over the rug and went sprawling to the ground.The book flopped back down onto the table with a dramatic thud.Nothing else happened for several moments, long enough that Magnus risked a step towards it, tentatively holding his hand out.Catarina scrambled up and reached out to grab onto him, “Mag-”But it was too late. The moment Magnus made contact with the book, a great spiral of black smoke rose from its surface, spreading throughout the room and instantly robbing him of his sight. He heard Catarina yell -a mix of astonishment and fear- as they both attempted to flee it. He turned in the direction that he knew she had been, but the smoke was too thick to see through. With a curse, Magnus dove into a corner and grappled along the floor, attempting to find his way back towards the book.“Catarina!” Magnus called, but there was no answer from her. Instead, a piercing scream cut through the room and the faint outline of Catarina’s body twisting in the middle of the dark cloud flashed before him, just as suddenly as it was gone. Magnus lunged himself forward, through the smoke, his hands outstretched to grab onto the nearest solid object in front of him. He used it to pull himself up, yelling as the cloud attempted to tug him back down into its depths. He raised a hand and sent a bolt of magic into it, but it only pulsed madly with bright blue streaks that faded immediately back into its original black.“Cat-” He started, and the cloud gave a savage roar in response, cutting him off midway. Magnus felt himself swaying on his feet, his head spinning from the weariness brought on by the exertion of their spells and the additional magic he had just used, and then before he knew it, he was falling to his knees again, low to the ground as his hands flew up to cover his head. The smoke billowed around him with increasing strength.And then he heard it-
  “Magnus!” 
He groaned, and if he had the energy for it he would scream at himself -at his own mind- to leave him the fuck alone. If he died here today, like this, Alec's was the last voice that he wanted in his head. But it came again, and again, louder and louder each time until Magnus felt it like a yell straight into his ear-A sharp pain shot through his body. Through his closed eyelids, a gust of bright white light erupted throughout the room. There was the sound of Catarina’s voice finally rising above the darkness as she yelled out for him, just as Magnus slipped into unconsciousness.
            He dreamt of a lake. The water gleamed under the moonlight, like thousands of stars dancing along its surface. Alec was spread out besides him, looking up at him with that look he often got, the one that threw Magnus completely off of his balance every time he saw it. Alec was always most relaxed at times like these, and somewhere deep inside of him, Magnus has a distant sense of possessive satisfaction that he was the one who Alec allowed himself to be this way with.
              Magnus drew him in closer, a hand settling on Alec’s hip as Alec rolled to prop himself up between Magnus’ open legs. He was smiling, they both were, but Alec had a smile that lit up his entire face, his eyes seeming to shine just a little bit brighter with it.

              A shudder ran through Magnus’ body as Alec’s finger pressed against him, in the place he’d just been, robbing Magnus of the ability to think of much else as Alec leaned down to swipe his tongue across Magnus’ chest. Alec entered him with two fingers at once, teasingly rubbing against Magnus’ most sensitive spots, moving with the ease of someone who knew exactly what he was doing, as though Magnus’ body was an instrument that Alec knew how to play all too well. Alec looked back up at him, and Magnus’ breath caught in his throat. 

  “Magnus.” Alec sighed, and it was almost Magnus’ undoing. He’d always loved it- the soft, breathy voice with which Alec says his name, with just the right amount of roughness underlining it, as though Magnus was wrecking through his entire existence simply by existing. And suddenly it all felt like too much; Alec all around him, inside of him, Alec’s voice in his ear whispering his name like a prayer. It would be a sin to look away from Alec, but Magnus wanted nothing more than to be out from underneath the intensity of the gaze in which Alec has pinned him with.

  He shoved Alec’s hand away, and leaned up to kiss away the momentary surprise on Alec’s face.

  “My turn.” He murmured. He raised himself up, urging Alec down onto his hands and knees in front of him. Magnus couldn’t see his face like this, and it was not enough to quell the panic that had started to rise within him, but it was better. Magnus molded himself against Alec’s body and himself there as he tried to calm himself down. 

  It had only been a few months, but Magnus’ rules about not getting attached had been all but shattered to pieces.

He woke slowly.His eyes opened to Catarina’s face hovering above him, concern etched into her features. Her ash white hair had come undone and it fell around her now, a unique feature that Magnus had always loved for how it contrasted against her dark skin.“Don’t do that.” He groaned out, licking at his dry lips with a tongue that was also too parched to do anything to help him, “Don't frown. You’ll give yourself wrinkles.”Catarina’s relief was evident, and she pulled Magnus up by his shoulders to crash against him in a too-tight hug. The suddenness of the movement made him dizzy, not to mention his general confusion at the fact that they were hugging, something they had certainly never done before. Catarina seemed to remember this fact without him having to voice it, and she pulled away from him a bit awkwardly. She got to her feet, and offered a hand to Magnus to help him up as well. Magnus at first scowled at it, and then reluctantly realized that he had no choice. His head spun and his legs felt about as functional as jelly; he would either accept Catarina’s help or stay on the ground.The room was a mess. Furniture was turned upside down and pages that appeared to have been torn from the books Catarina had collected were scattered across the floor. Through one door off to the side, Magnus saw that several glasses and plates had flown out of their places in the kitchen, and now millions of little shards were scattered across the countertops and the floor. The curtains were slashed through as though clawed at by some sort of animal.Most notably, Magnus thought grimly, the grimoire was nowhere to be found.He looked back at Catarina, the beginning of an apology and a question on his tongue, but it was abruptly cut short when he noticed the deep slash across her arm. It extended from her shoulder, winding down and twisting around her elbow where it cut off just in the middle of her forearm. Magnus rushed over to her, ignoring the pain it sent through his body to do so, but Catarina stopped him with a hand to his chest.“I’m okay.” She said softly, “I’ve healed it, somewhat. Enough to stop the bleeding.”“I can-”“You need to sit down.” Catarina interrupted. She ignored Magnus' complaint to instead walk around him, pulling up one of the chairs that had been flung over onto its back and urging him to sit in it. Magnus, exhaustion quickly enveloping him and threatening to pull him back under with the sight of a chair, did as she said, though he grumbled about it the entire time.Catarina came to stand in front of him and placed the tips of two fingers against his temple. Magnus tried to resist the urge to pull away, only flinching minutely at the strange feeling of someone else's magic flowing through him. It was not enough to take away the ache or the grogginess entirely, but by the time Catarina was done with him a few short minutes after, he felt substantially better. Enough, at least, that he figured there was no immediate risk of him collapsing under the weight of his own body. Catarina went into the kitchen and got them both two glasses of water, handing one over to him that he accepted gratefully. He finished the entire glass in a matter of seconds.“What happened?” He asked, “I don’t remember…”What did he remember? Light. Darkness. So much of both.When he looked at Catarina, she only shook her head, “I don’t know."She stepped back, and Magnus watched as she pulled another chair to sit in front of him. She waved a hand and both of the glasses -now empty- disappeared.“I don’t know.” She repeated, “It was like nothing I had ever seen before. There was darkness one second, and then the next there was only light. I tried to find the source of it, but it was only you, Magnus. It was like a thousand rays of light exploding out from you.”Magnus felt a chill run down his spine at the words, a long-ago memory tugging itself out from the recesses of his mind, but he schooled his face into a picture of impassivity as he looked at Catarina expectantly. He wanted to hear the rest of what she had to say before he jumped to any conclusions of his own.“It fought back the darkness, pushed it straight back into the grimoire. And then-” Catarina cut herself off with a shudder.Magnus leaned forward, “And then…?”“And then the book disappeared.” She said, “Just… vanished. Right into thin air. I don’t know where it went. By the time I'd gotten to it, it was already gone. And you were on the ground, unresponsive. I thought… Magnus. I don’t even know what I thought.”Magnus didn't either, but what Catarina described was not new to him. It had happened to him before, and he felt sick thinking of it.It had been one year ago. And he hadn’t had any explanations for it then either. He’d been just as confused that day as he was now. He remembered the attack, and then the burst of light that seemed to shoot itself out of him, and then he remembered nothing. He'd woken up what he'd assumed was only a few minutes later to find a man lying unconscious a few feet away. At first he had panicked with the thought that he’d killed him, and then he’d panicked even more with the realization of exactly who it was. He’d sat and stared, thinking that he no longer knew if the slow rise and fall of the man’s chest that he’d discovered upon closer inspection was a good thing or not.He didn’t know much about what Idris believed where magic was concerned. Some people believed that it didn’t exist at all, while others still hung onto a hope they could never prove. Every now and again, one of those poor souls might get themselves entangled in things that were way beyond their control, believing that they could actually teach themselves the magic that others were simply born with. It didn’t happen often, and from what Magnus had gathered, the general consensus in Idris seemed to be that there was no such thing as magic in any capacity. No witch or warlock that Magnus knew would disagree that it was safer that way.He closed his eyes, squeezing them tight, pushing the memory out from his mind.Damn you, Alexander Lightwood. I should have left you to die.“I need to get back to my house.” Magnus said. He felt cold all over, but there were more pressing matters to be dealt with at the moment than Alec, or the fact that Magnus seemed to be radiating light. The grimoire was gone, which meant that it was highly likely Asmodeus was still alive and had figured them out. The sinking feeling in the pit of Magnus’ stomach seemed to grow ten times its size.“I’m coming with you.” Catarina said resolutely, and before Magnus could even begin to disagree with her, she was already rising up from her chair and summoning a coat of her own to her hands.
  
    Chapter Text
    The wind swept up all around Alec, rustling yellowing leaves as birds cried from the tallest trees of Brocelind Woods. The racing beat of his heart did not return fully to a normal state even as he became sure he wasn’t being pursued at a close distance; he'd thought that before and it evidently hadn’t worked out in his favor, and so he kept up a good awareness of his surroundings as he steered Hugin through the trees. It took him a while to get used to the feel of this horse. Hugin was bigger and broader than Church, and his gait was a more forceful determination compared to Church’s easy glide. He thought that Hugin didn’t exactly approve of him either, though after a few tussles between the pair Hugin seemed to reluctantly resign himself to doing his job at least passably, and after an indeterminable amount of time riding, Alec got to the edge of the path he recognized as leading to Magnus’ house.Hugin gave a grunt of complaint as Alec tied him to a post sticking out of the ground, turning to stare up at the large house that stretched wide across the clearing made in the trees that surrounded it. Moss green vines grew up along the front of the house, twisting along its dark stone walls, expertly shaping its path and keeping clear of the wrought iron windows and away from the sturdy door that sat at the top of the staircase. Around the side of the house, Alec could see the edge of the stable and The Chairman, Magnus’ horse, poking out from it. The horse raised its head as if suspecting Alec’s presence, regarded both Alec and Hugin with weary eyes, and eventually turned and walked off without further fuss.With a shaky hand, Alec reached into his pocket and took out the Adamas stone. He twisted it between his fingers, watching with fascination, and terror, at the way it lit up under his touch.
  The only material strong enough to penetrate any magical element.
“...Magnus!” Alec called tentatively, his heart beating such a violent rhythm in his chest that Alec thought it was about to jump right through it. There was no answer, and aside from The Chairman and a stray bird that shot up from the front deck of the house when Alec approached it, there was no sign of life anywhere around him. Alec went up the staircase, glancing back at where Hugin had taken to pecking at the grass under his feet. Steeling himself, Alec raised a fist and banged it against the door four times, bracing himself for any number of horrible scenarios to occur.None of them did.In fact, nothing happened at all. Alec reached his hand out to twist hesitantly at the door’s handle, and without much give he found that it swung open easily for him. Against his better judgement, Alec stepped over the threshold and entered into the foyer. It was extravagantly decorated, if just a little bit pretentious, much like most of Magnus' house. With a bitter taste in his mouth, Alec stepped further inside. In the past year, he'd had grown to be more than familiar with this house. He’d been here countless times, became intimately acquainted with basically every room, and had started to consider this place more of a home than the palace had ever been, and yet now he felt only the desire to walk away and never return.“Magnus!” Alec tried again. Same as before, there was no answer, and his voice reverberated off of the walls in a haunting echo, “Magnus, it’s Alec!”Alec wanted, very much, to turn around and leave. He had clearly gotten in over his head, but he was there, and now that he stood in the middle of this room he had too many new questions in addition to the ones he had started with that demanded satisfaction in the form of an answer. And there was only one person who could give those to him. He couldn’t leave now. The door swung shut behind him and Alec startled, nearly jumping out of his own skin. In a desperate effort to preserve what little was left of his peace of mind he chalked it up to the wind, and shuffled away from it entirely.Alec walked further into the house, the smooth surface of the stone clutched tightly in his palm keeping him at least partially grounded. The throw pillow on the couch was out of its place, as though someone had just been laying there, and there was an empty cup sitting on the coffee table. In the kitchen the faucet leaked slowly, having not been turned off properly, and small droplets of water clattered down onto a plate that seemed to have been in the middle of its wash before being abandoned quite suddenly, and quite recently.Fear gripped him even as he tried to curb it, and Alec grabbed a knife off of the counter as he left that room as well. He gripped the blade tight. He had never used one before. He was skilled enough with a sword though most proficient with a bow and arrow, but he told himself that at the very least, whatever entity awaited him in this house didn’t know that, and that he could use the knife to bargain for his life. He backed away slowly and out of the room, running up the spiraling staircase towards where the noise had come from. As he got to the top, he tried to process the very real possibility that he was more than likely walking straight to his death.He stepped forward. He walked to the end of the hall, pushing open several doors that lead only to empty rooms until he got to the very last one, the one that he knew to be Magnus’. It was slightly ajar. Reaching up, Alec pressed a palm flat to the heavy wooden material of the door, holding his breath as he slowly cracked it open-He almost jumped straight out of his own skin when a hand grabbed onto his arm.Alec spun around, hand already raised with the knife pointed outwards. The hand on his arm dropped and Alec froze his attempts at getting away- a young boy with black hair and petrified eyes that flickered between Alec's face and the knife in his hand stood before him."Who are you?" Alec demanded. The boy could not be older than fifteen, and with his wiry frame Alec might have even mistaken him for much younger if observing him from a further distance. He almost felt guilty for having assumed him to be a threat."E-Elias." The boy stammered out, "What are-"Elias never got a chance to finish the question and Alec never got a chance to think about whether or not he might have answered. Between one second and the next the boy dropped neatly to the floor, his body spasming aggressively before falling limp. Blood dripped out of his mouth and down the side of his chin, forming a small puddle of dark red on the ground beneath his head. Alec watched helplessly, caught between wanting to scream for help and wanting to run in the other direction as quickly as he could- and too paralyzed by his own fear to do either. Alec stared down, terror bursting through him, and his head flew up as he heard the distinctive sound of footsteps running up the staircase. Alec fastened his grip on the knife once more, but the person that materialized at the other end of the hall brought him to a sharp halt."Elias!" The person called. They were nothing more than a silhouette in the dark, but the sound of their voice meant that Alec froze, any notion that it might not be who he thought it was flying out of the window. He told himself that it couldn’t be, clinging to his final tendril of hope.But he would recognize Magnus anywhere, and sure enough, when the person stepped forward into the light, his eyes locked on Alec-"Magnus." Alec breathed.And it was Magnus, though he looked far more unkempt than Alec had ever seen him with his hair in a disarray of black spikes, and his clothing torn in several places as though he’d just walked through a storm. A woman appeared behind him, unfamiliar to Alec’s eyes but in a similar state to the one Magnus was in- except that she also wore a large gash on her arm. Her eyes widened as she took in the form of the boy on the ground, and Alec’s gaze flickered back to Magnus-Magnus only stared at him with his face pale like he’d seen a ghost, as though he couldn't quite believe his eyes and couldn't make sense of the fact that it was Alec in front of him. And then his eyes dropped to where the boy -Elias- lay still on the floor, and up to where Alec held the knife in his hand, and his gaze hardened over into pure rage.“What did you do?” He demanded. Before Alec could fully process all that had happened -and was still happening- and finally convince his body to move, Magnus was upon him and slamming him against a wall with a hand to his chest. With a move that was far too quick for Alec to make sense of, Magnus’ free hand swiped the knife from Alec’s and held it pressed, instead, to Alec’s throat.“I-It wasn’t me!” Alec said, tripping over the words as his voice raised in urgency, “Magnus-I don’t-”
  “Shut up.”
Alec did as he was told. He was shaking, eyes locked on Magnus’ and searching, desperate for even a hint of the man that he knew. He found none.At some point during their altercation, the woman had slipped past them and was now crouched on the floor near Elias, her hands pressed to his chest with an orange mist flowing out from her fingertips.“Magnus.” She said, her voice little more than a shallow gasp, “I think- this is Asmodeus’ magic.”Magnus froze, as did Alec. They both looked down at where the woman still knelt with her hands resting atop the boy, though they were slightly shaking now as she looked up at them.Magnus shook his head and Alec felt his fingers flex where he held onto Alec’s shirt, “No-”“It is,” The woman insisted, “I recognize it. It was all over the grimoire, it's the same signature-”“That can’t be. Asmodeus is dead.” Magnus said. He looked at Elias, and then back at Alec, and swore under his breath.Alec felt faint, and when his reflexes finally caught up to him and he tried to push away the hands holding him down, Magnus only turned back to him and pressed him back against the wall more forcefully than he had before.“What are you doing here?” Magnus asked, “How are you here?”Alec dipped into his pocket and brought up the Adamas stone. He did not miss the flare of shock on Magnus’ face as he recognized what it was, his mouth opening and then slamming shut again as if he couldn’t figure out words.“Where did you get-”Magnus stopped, his head turning towards the window with a slight frown as though he’d heard a noise, but there was nothing out there that Alec could see or hear himself. Alec stared at him, trying to get his mouth to work enough to say something, and then suddenly Magnus was releasing him. Magnus’ gaze was still focused out of the window as he raised a hand, and Alec saw wisps of blue twirling around his fingertips.Magic, he realized with a sharp intake of breath. Magnus had magic. “Magnus?” The woman was saying, and Magnus quieted her with a harsh sound. He seemed to have forgotten about Alec entirely. Magnus took a tentative step towards the window, peering through it, the color from his face draining the closer he got, and then he looked back at them.“He’s here.” Magnus said, disbelief coloring his tone.Alec didn't understand what he meant, and he was still trying to figure it out as the woman jumped to her feet and rushed over to Magnus. She had to step over Elias’ body to get there, and Alec once again felt faint- like he was about to pass out right where he stood.And then the air in front of both Magnus and the woman began to shift, shimmering in a thousand sparks of silver that wrapped around them, twisting rapidly until their entire bodies were covered. And if Alec wasn’t mistaken, as he was sure he was, as the sparks began to disappear -fading away just as quickly as they’d come- so did their bodies.“Magnus-”Alec watched in horror, and for a brief, split second of a moment, his eyes met Magnus’. Magnus’ mouth opened on the beginnings of something he would never say; between that moment and the next the sparks gave out and both him and the woman disappeared entirely from Alec’s sight.Alec fell away from the wall, surprised that he managed to keep himself upright in light of all that had just taken place. Elias’ body lay on the floor beneath him, in a growing pool of his own blood, and Alec felt like he was about to be sick. He'd seen enough, he decided as he took off with a run. He took two steps down at a time, without a glance backwards as the thought pummeled at him again and again: This is real. It’s all real. He peered through the window to the front of the house and was met with yet another sight, finding five of the Palace Guards swarming the front of the clearing. Michael stood at the front of the small crowd, and Alec had never been so happy to see the man. Though he knew he would pay for all that he had done here tonight his hands flew straight towards the handle of the door. He tugged at it harshly, desperate to get outside, but the door barely even shook under his attempts to get it open.“Leaving so soon?” A voice behind him said. It was not one that he recognized. Alec froze, his own fear growing ten times what it had already been. He could feel the presence of someone else in the room and knew that he was not alone. Realizing that there was nothing else to be done he slowly turned around to face his fate.The man in front of him was dressed in a sharp white suit. In his hand he held a walking stick, most of his body's weight seeming to rest on it. He looked at Alec the way one would look at a pesky toddler, as though Alec's presence was nothing more than a minor inconvenience for him and one he wanted to be rid of as soon as possible so he could move on to much better things.“Alexander Gideon Lightwood.” The man said slowly, his head slowly tilting to one side.Alec blanched, but not at the words nor at the way that the man slowly advanced on Alec, the way an animal would advance on its prey. No, what caught Alec was this man’s eyes. A peculiar shade of golden-green that Alec had seen before on too many occasions to count. They were Magnus’ eyes, but this man was not Magnus. He was slightly taller, a few inches above Alec, and too slender in his shoulders. He and Magnus shared the same brown skin, though this man’s face seemed hollow and pale, his skin stretched taut over sharp bone to give him a sickly look. And as the man moved nearer to him Alec could do nothing but stare as the pieces clicked themselves into place, and several horrifying truths were made clear to him all at once.“You’re Asmodeus.” He said, his voice barely audible. The man sneered -though Alec wondered vaguely if he'd meant it as a smile- and his lips were pulled back to reveal jagged, pointed teeth. Through the windows, Alec could still see the Guards that had come closer to the house now, but they only stood as if at a loss for what to do next.“They cannot see us.” Asmodeus said, answering Alec’s unspoken question. His tone was matter-of-fact as he followed the line of Alec’s gaze, “To them, there is nothing here.”Alec’s heart sank in his chest. He had not needed the confirmation that he was really, truly, alone. Asmodeus turned back to him, and Alec watched in horror as the man raised a hand with furious red sparks flickering around his slender fingers.“So you are Idris’ next King.” Asmodeus said the words slowly, as though remarking on the appearance of a curious animal, “You are not bad looking. I must say, I almost understand my son’s fascination with you.”Alec swallowed thickly, shaking his head rapidly, “Please, I don’t-”“Relax, child. I am not going to kill you.” Asmodeus said. He raised a single brow, “That Adamas of yours might react badly, and besides...”Subconsciously, Alec’s grip on the Adamas tightened as Asmodeus’ lips curled back up into a smile, the sparks in his hands reflected in his unblinking, sinister eyes,“I will not kill you.” Asmodeus continued, “Magnus will do that himself.”Asmodeus waved his hand in Alec’s direction, and Alec looked away as he braced himself with a yell, preparing for any type of pain to hit him. It never came. Instead, when long enough had passed that he began to think something went wrong -or perhaps that the death he had died was so quick he hadn’t had the chance to feel anything at all- he reopened his eyes cautiously to find that he was alone. The Adamas stone flickered out in his hand, losing its glow and turning to a dull grey.The door to the house was open, and Asmodeus was nowhere to be found.            There was only one door that Magnus could find, and it wouldn’t open. He wasn’t actually sure where they were. It was a windowless room, so dark Magnus could barely see anything further than his own hand. Catarina stood behind him desperately trying to call her own magic to her fingers- she hadn't yet accepted that it wouldn’t ever work. Magnus knew better. He knew his father.“You said he was dead!” Catarina hissed. Magnus yanked at the door again. It barricaded shut with heavy iron slabs running across it. It didn’t budge even a little, and he kicked against it out of frustration.“He was!” He said, turning around to face her. He deflated against her piercing gaze, adjusting his claim, “He was meant to be.”“Meant to be?” Catarina demanded, “What does that mean-”“It means, he was wrong.” A sickening voice said from off to their side. Magnus turned to it, unsurprised to see Asmodeus leaning against one of the walls of the room. He wished he could be surprised, but had there not always been a part of him -however small- that knew this would happen eventually? Catarina stepped back, and Magnus held his ground.“Where are we?” Magnus demanded, “Where’s Alec?”“You will find out soon enough.” Asmodeus said. He looked over to Catarina only briefly before he seemed to determine that she was of no great threat to him.“My son.” He sighed, and he managed to sound both disappointed and elated. Magnus tensed at the words.“I haven’t been your son in two years.” He said stonily, “Perhaps even longer.”He had wanted the words to hurt, but Asmodeus only laughed callously as he said them. He pushed himself up off of the wall and moved towards them both, and Magnus felt Catarina’s hand snaking around his own in apprehension.“How did you find me?” Magnus asked.Asmodeus laughed again, “You were always a fool. Arrogance has always been your greatest weakness.”“What-”Asmodeus raised a hand, and with a snap of his fingers Magnus was once again engulfed in sparks of silver, Catarina at his side.Alec stumbled out of the house, and only once he had made it down the steps and onto the dirt below did anyone outside show any sign of awareness of his presence. They stood, staring at him with equal expressions of shock and fear, as Alec turned around just in time to see the last remnants of the house fade away from him. It disappeared into nothingness until that was all he saw: nothing, where once had stood the tall and obscuring structure he'd grown to be so familiar with. He let the Adamas stone clatter to the ground, and Michael rushed forward with a glare in Alec’s direction as he snatched it up from the dirt.Michael turned it over in his hand, shaking the stone with increasing force when it didn’t respond to him the way he wanted it to. Its glow had dimmed entirely and instead of its luminous bright white, the stone now appeared nothing more than a dull grey- the color of a damp raincloud. Michael threw it with a shout, and Alec was too tired to even try figuring out where it had landed.“What did you do?” Michael demanded, “What did you see?”Alec’s head was spinning too fast to muster up a response or even the ability to give a fuck that Michael wanted one. He only regained some semblance of awareness when Michael grabbed onto his shoulders and forced Alec to meet his eyes as he repeated, “What did you do?”“Nothing!” Alec yelled. He batted Michael’s hands off of him, “Magnus isn’t here. Asmodeus isn’t here- Nothing’s here.”Michael narrowed his eyes, “You’re lying.”And Alec had honestly had enough. He shoved Michael away and watched, pleased, as the man stumbled briefly before steadying himself, “I won’t be answering any more questions from you. I don't answer to you, Wayland. I’ll answer to my father, and you can either take me back there yourself or you can let me go.”Michael glowered down at him, fury turning his face a deep red. He looked around at the other Guards who were watching the scene, their shock at Alec’s outburst palpable. Alec noticed Lydia standing amongst them, though she looked worn and tired in a way he had never really seen her before. With his mouth pressed into a thin line, Michael stepped back, seeming to accept his own momentary defeat. He opened his mouth as if to give a response, but nothing came out.Alec considered how much trouble he would get Lydia in if he went over to her; she was the only one here that Alec had any desire to be around. But before he could take a single step forward there was an indistinct murmur from the Guards in front of him and they all raised their weapons into their defensive positions. Lydia’s gaze moved from Alec to whatever stood behind him, her hand pressed against the sword sheathed at her side. And then he saw Michael, watching over Alec’s shoulder as his expression slowly morphed first into one of confusion, and then disbelief, and then victory. Alec knew exactly what he would see before he even turned around himself, but it still came as a shock when he did.Behind him, three people appeared into the now empty clearing in a shower of sparkling light. Asmodeus stood above them all, holding his cane in one hand and looking down onto the crowd before him with contempt twisting the features of his ghastly face.The same woman as before stood next to him, but that was not where Alec’s gaze was drawn.Asmodeus’ free hand gripped tightly into Magnus’ arm, holding him up with clear strength, his nails digging harshly into Magnus’ skin. Magnus struggled against it as best as he could, which wasn’t much, and with a careless flick of his wrist Asmodeus sent his son falling to his knees as well. Magnus’ hands were wrenched behind his body and Alec watched as a deep crimson rope appeared, snaking itself upwards until it tied tightly at his back in a manner that seemed highly uncomfortable. From the way Magnus’ face twisted in pain before he seemed to remember himself and who was looking at him, Alec knew that it was.“He is all yours.” Asmodeus said with a smile, “Do give Idris my best.”He looked back at Magnus one last time, and something Alec could not quite decipher passed between them both. Asmodeus snapped his fingers, and then just as he had appeared in a burst of silver, he was gone.Alec watched in horror as Magnus slowly raised his head. He scanned the crowd before him, immediately pinning Alec where he stood. Now, however, Magnus' eyes did not display any of the tenderness and adoration Alec had gotten used to. Now, they held all the hostility of an enemy. Magnus’ eyes blazed with fury, and all of it was directed at Alec.
  
    Chapter Text
    Alec raised a hand to silence the Guard at the door of his father’s study before any attempt could be made to stop him from entering. He slammed the doors open with a satisfyingly loud bang that ricocheted off the walls. It instantly garnered the attention of both Robert, who sat at his desk, and Michael, who stood next to him. Both heads flew up in Alec’s direction, their conversation dropping immediately with his entrance. Alec’s anger was only revitalized at the way Michael’s hand almost instinctively went to the sword at his hip, and the way that it didn't fall away as Alec approached them.
“I need to see him.” Alec declared, coming to a stop in front of Robert. He ignored Michael outright, the image of him holding Magnus at the edge of his sword not yet faded from Alec’s mind. He felt sick to his stomach, too many things having happened too quickly without him having had the time to process any of it. He felt like he needed to sit down, and to scream, and shout, and above all he needed to see Magnus before he crawled out of his own skin.
Robert looked over Alec’s shoulder and gave a slight shake of his head, seemingly to the Guard that had followed Alec inside. Alec heard the doors close as the Guard retreated and he slammed his hands on top of his father’s desk to bring Robert’s full attention back to him, seething, “You should have told me the truth.”
Robert sighed deeply before placing his head into his hands, “Please tell me that this performance is not for the Warlock, Alec-”

  “Where. Is. He?”        

It was Michael who answered, the sound of his voice making Alec want to strangle the breath from his lungs as he said, “Secured.”
“You do not get to speak to me.” Alec said. Michael had been the first to move after Asmodeus had dropped Magnus in front of them. He’d grabbed Magnus by his bindings and hauled him to his feet, stating the terms of his arrest with the sharp edge of a sword pointed towards him, and the remaining Guards -sans Lydia, who had seemed just as frozen by the situation as Alec had been- clamoring around them.

  “I’ll go with you.” Magnus had said, though his tone resonated that what he really wanted to do was something much less civil, “But the woman goes free.”


  “You are in no place to be making demands, Warlock-”


  “Your orders were to bring Magnus.” Alec had snapped at him, ignoring the way Magnus’ eyes had flickered over to him, “Only Magnus. The woman has done nothing wrong.”

Michael had instructed they be placed into different carriages with a scornful look for them both, and by the time Alec had made it back to the palace, Magnus was nowhere to be found.
“You should have told me.” Alec said to Robert, “About magic. About all of it.”
“I would have told you when the time was right.”
“I am going to be King one day!” Alec roared, “The time has always been right.”
Robert’s gaze turned to stone, “This is exactly why I hadn’t told you sooner. You let your emotions run away with you, and always let them get the better of you. You don’t have what it takes to make difficult decisions.”
Alec’s hands curled themselves into fists, his anger like a thousand pinpricks of fire under his skin threatening to reach a boiling point, “What do you plan to do with Magnus? Is he being held in the Gard?”
“It’s none of your concern.” Michael said flippantly. Alec turned to glare at him, and Michael, infuriatingly, appeared entirely unaffected by it as he continued, “The Warlock is secured. We will take it from here.”
“I know him better than either of you-”
"You have done enough.” Robert cut him short. He pushed himself to his feet, keeping a tight grip on the edge of his desk as he stared Alec down across it, “Do you even realize the danger you’ve put this family in? The danger you’ve put this entire Kingdom in? Your insubordination could very well cost us ev-”

  “Your Majesty?”

They all froze at the unexpected interruption. At some point during their altercation, the door to Robert’s study had been opened. Alec recognized the woman as Amatis Graymark, one of Maryse’s attendants, and he stood up straighter as he prepared himself for the absolute worst news.
Thankfully, Amatis seemed to notice all of their apprehensive expressions and quickly shook her head, “The Queen is still stable. However, Hodge Starkweather has run all of his tests and concluded that there really is nothing to be done to save her. He’s retired for the night, and will take his leave in the morning.”
Amatis’ bottom lip trembled as she took another tentative step into the room, “He said that it’s best if you all… prepared to say your goodbye’s.”
Alec fell back, his fingers digging into Robert’s desk as he tried to keep himself upright. The air in the room had suddenly evaporated.
“No.” He said, shaking his head. He refused to believe it, much less accept it, “No-”
From behind him, Robert’s voice was soft, “Do you see what you’ve caused?”
Alec turned and immediately wished that he hadn’t. He’d almost hoped the words had been a mistake, believing that not even his father could say something so cruel. But Robert only looked at him without any sign of remorse. Michael had a hand on Robert’s shoulder, consoling him as Amatis bowed out of the room and departed from them with quick footsteps.
Alec didn't look away from his father, “How could you even say that?” 
Robert's eyes flashed. “Leave.” He rasped, “Leave!”
It was Michael who came over to Alec, when Alec's feet felt like lead on the ground preventing him from moving anywhere on his own, and hauled him up and out of the door with a grunt.
“Have the Prince escorted to his room, and don’t let him go anywhere.” Michael said to the Guard outside. Alec gaped at him, but no words came out of his mouth. His last sight of his father before the door slammed shut in his face was of Robert doubling over, his face contorting in anguish as he attempted to catch himself on the edge of his chair.
Robert fell to his knees just in time for Michael to catch him.

When Alec woke some hours later from a restless and uncomfortable sleep, it was to the first rays of the early morning sunlight entering through his bedroom window.
With a groan, Alec turned over onto his other side and shut his eyes again, reprimanding himself for not having drawn the curtains before he’d gotten into bed.

  Although-

Alec sat up with a start, distinctly remembering that he had done that, but his rising panic was curbed by the sight of his sister sitting on his couch with a book in her hands. She wasn't reading it; she was looking right at him. Her hair cascaded down her shoulders in silk black waves and she was still dressed in her nightgown, a robe tied over it. Brown eyes followed Alec’s every movement as he flopped back down onto his bed with a hand thrown over his face.
“Finally.” Isabelle said after a while, “You’re awake. I was beginning to think you were dead.”
It is too early for this, Alec thought, turning to glare at her and wishing for all the world that he could have been an only child, “No you didn’t.”
“No, I didn’t.” Isabelle agreed without fuss, though then she put down the book she had been reading and got to her feet, “Not now, anyway. Last night was an entirely different story.”
And despite his irritation Alec’s face fell, his chest constricting painfully not just for the reminder of how he had fucked over his siblings and Lydia but, as the last bits of sleep finally drained itself from his mind with Isabelle’s words, the reminder that last night had not, despite his very desperate hoping to the contrary, been nothing but a nightmare.
Magnus was still imprisoned and possibly responsible for his mother’s illness. His mother, who was dying.
“Aren’t you going to say anything?” Isabelle demanded. She stalked over to him and settled at the side of his bed, looking down at him expectantly. Through her anger Alec could clearly see the emotions she attempted to push down- the confusion and the worry... the hurt. 
He kicked his legs over the side of his bed and sat up, “I’m sorry.”
Isabelle let out a short, delirious laugh, “You’re sorry-?"
“Where’s Jace?” Alec asked suddenly. 
If Isabelle was here then he would have expected his brother to be as well, perhaps with way more yelling, and even a well placed fist or two. It would be the least that Alec deserved, and he found himself actually wanting to be hit if it took away at least a little bit of the guilt beginning to eat at him. But Jace wasn’t there. It was only Isabelle, a dark shadow descending over her face at Alec’s words that answered Alec’s question before she even said it out loud. 
“They know about Clary.” She said. Her voice was hollow and lacking emotion, as though she had already felt all that there was to be felt and no longer had the capacity to feel anything else.
Alec swore, his head falling into his hands. It was too much. All of it was too much and now he had yet another thing added on to the endlessly expanding list of problems he had caused and needed to fix. He risked a peek at Isabelle through a space made by his fingers, “What did they do?"
“Nothing. Not yet. Your little escape debacle caused Michael to search Pandemonium, convinced we were hiding something from him. He found Clary and Jace in… too compromising a situation to talk their way out of. Jace and I got brought back to the palace but I don’t know what happened to Clary, and no one will tell me anything.”
“Fuck-” Alec swore again as he shakily got to his feet, “I need- I need to go to him.” And he needed to go to his mother, he added on as an afterthought. He had eventually given up his attempts at going to her last night, the Guards having been insistent on following Michael's orders.
“Don’t bother.” Isabelle told him. Alec turned to look at her from where he had already started making his way across the room. She shook her head, and there were little frown lines creasing her usually porcelain features, “He isn’t here. I went to him this morning but his room was empty.”
“Has anyone gone to look for him?” Alec demanded. Isabelle shook her head again, and Alec pulled his room divider and stepped behind it, dressing himself quickly.
From the other side of the room, Isabelle continued in her same toneless voice, “He has only been gone a few hours, if that much. And he wasn’t being held prisoner. He’s still allowed to leave the palace, even if they disagree with him going. He’s probably gone to see Clary… but I don’t think he would be that stupid.”
Alec remembered, years ago, at the sentencing of Clary’s father, the way he had watched Jace's face contort into such profound sadness at the sight of the then thirteen year old Clary clinging to her mother, sobbing into her neck as Robert had announced their fate. He wasn't so sure there was anything Jace wouldn't do when it came to Clary.
The last button of his shirt done up, Alec stepped back out into the room. Isabelle had wandered over to the window and was now peering through it, her expression somber as Alec made his way over to her. He hadn’t known, at Valentine’s sentencing, the full extent of what his brother felt for Clary, but in the years that followed the once great Morgenstern’s being outcast he would watch Jace grow increasingly sullen, miserable and short tempered with anyone that dared to approach him. It had only ever changed when he’d found a way to see her again.

  Love made you do stupid things.

“Like wandering off to Brocelind Woods at night?”
Alec’s eyes snapped up to his sister, who looked back at him with a knowing expression. He hadn’t realized he’d spoken out loud.
“Somehow I’ve managed to become the best child in this family.” Isabelle mused, but she hardly sounded pleased about it.
“Max would disagree.” Alec replied curtly, and the small smile it earned him from Isabelle was enough to center him at least a little bit.
“Don’t derail the conversation.” She chastised lightly.
“I wasn’t trying to-”
“Jace is gone.” Isabelle cut him off, “Father has locked himself away in his quarters, and you know how he is about these things. Max is only a child, and mother is… she’s dying, Alec. You’re all I have right now.”
Alec wanted to move towards her, but something stopped him. Would she still feel the same way if she knew the role he had played? If she knew what he had done?
A knock at his door saved him from having to answer those questions.
“Expecting company?” Isabelle asked, turning towards it. Alec wasn’t, but he didn’t get a chance to tell Isabelle that or to encourage her to just leave it, hoping that whoever was on the other side would just go away. She bypassed him before he could do either, heading towards the door without a glance back for Alec. And despite himself, he had a brief, foolish thought that the person behind the door was somehow Magnus- his heart skipping a beat for the possibility before he realized how stupid -not to mention impossible- it actually was.
He walked after Isabelle, reaching her just as she pulled at the handle of the door and opened it to reveal Lydia, fully dressed in her Guard uniform with her blonde hair pulled back in a tight braid. Alec was relieved to see her. She had escorted him back to the palace last night but neither of them had spoken much, and she had disappeared almost as soon as they arrived.
“I- oh.” Lydia said upon seeing them. Her eyes shifted between Alec and Isabelle, and Alec noticed the way it lingered on his sister, “Is this a bad time?”
“No.” Alec said, receiving a glare from Isabelle for his trouble. He ignored her, grateful for the interruption of what he was sure would have descended into an inquisition had he and Isabelle been left alone.
“Is something wrong?” 
“I…” Lydia hesitated, looking at Isabelle again, something imperceptible flickering in her gaze before it returned to Alec, “I would rather speak to you alone, Your Highness.”
Next to him, Isabelle visibly tensed. Before Alec could even attempt to ask politely for his sister to excuse herself, Isabelle stepped around them and out of the room.
“I’m going to see Mother.” She said, ignoring Lydia entirely as she walked off without further comment. Alec stared after her hopelessly.
With a sigh, he stepped back to allow Lydia into his room.
“I’m sorry about that.” He said, with a tilt of his head in the direction Isabelle had left in, “She’s just mad at me.”
“I… yes.” Lydia said, visibly uncomfortable, “I’m sorry to hear about the Queen, Your Highness.”
“You know what happened with Starkweather?”
“Michael held a meeting early this morning to update us all on her condition, Sir.”
Alec made a small noise of acknowledgement. With a short glance down the empty hallway, he finally closed the door. 
“I wanted to give you this.” Lydia said, and it was only then that she reached into her gold trimmed uniform coat and pulled something out. Alec recognized it immediately, and his breath caught in his throat as he recognized the golden handle of Magnus’ Keris.
Alec had always resisted his temptation to know more about it, only barely, in favor of letting Magnus keep his secrets. But still, Alec had never seen Magnus without this dagger and he knew that it held more significance than Magnus was letting on, from the careful way he would cradle it in his hands to the way he would sometimes reach for it without even noticing that he was doing it. Alec had only seen it up close a handful of times and he’d never held it, never wanting to push Magnus further than Magnus was willing to go and knowing that if he even dared to it would only end badly. So he’d kept his distance, kept his curiosity and his fascination with the Keris at bay.
Now, in Magnus' absence, he found his feet moving of their own accord. He accepted the Keris from Lydia and slid the blade out of its sheath. He turned it over in his hands. Its full length extended from his wrist to his elbow, the hilt made up of solid gold with intricate markings carved into it in a language Alec didn't know. The meticulous, distinctive cut of its wavy blade ended in a sharp point, and Alec could see the distorted image of his own face staring back at him from its glittering surface.
His eyes snapped back up to Lydia, “Where did you get this?”
“I took it off of- the prisoner.” Lydia answered, skipping over her choice of words with a wince, “Michael didn’t notice it.”
“Magnus didn’t fight you for it?”
“He was less than amicable.” Lydia recalled gingerly. Suddenly pained to look at it, Alec put the dagger back into its place.
“Why did you give it to me?”
Lydia’s response was not an immediate one, but there was something in her eyes as they moved away from Alec yet again, beyond him and -from the glassy, wistful look that came over them- beyond even the room they stood in. There was a story there, a chip in Lydia’s usual stoic professionalism that Alec had never seen before. A question was at the tip of his tongue but he didn’t think it was the right time to ask it, and whatever it had been was gone from Lydia’s expression as quickly as it had come.
“I saw the way you looked at him.” She said simply. It both confirmed Alec’s suspicions and left him with even more questions for her. The Palace Guards were sworn to dedicate their lives to their service and it sometimes seemed like Lydia lived by that oath in everything she did. But who had she been before she came here? Had there been someone in her life before?
Alec’s chest tightened as he stared at the Keris in his hands. Somewhere in Alicante, Magnus was being held prisoner, but Magnus -his Magnus- and the Magnus he had seen last night, were such stark contrasts in his mind that they were almost two entirely different people.
He could not comprehend the thought that his Magnus had turned out to be… this. A Warlock.
He had grown up with stories of Warlocks- of their viciousness and their hedonism. The Great War had been the result of years of unrest between Idris and the corruption of magic, because the witches and warlocks had refused all offers of peace and coexistence. It didn't make sense to him that Magnus could be one of them. Magnus’ betrayal cut deep, and yet even with the anger that Alec felt directed at the other man he could not fully blame him. Alec walked over to sit on the nearby couch, and he knew that part of this still rested on his shoulders too.
It was the part that had willfully chosen to ignore everyone who told him that Brocelind wood’s was a dangerous place, and that he should avoid it at all costs. It was the part where he had felt himself above the rules, capable of bending and breaking them to his heart’s desire. It was the part where he had not walked away from Magnus that first night at the house, but rather gone back to see him. Again and again and again. He had been stupid, and now not only was he paying the price for it but everyone around him was as well.
“…Your Highness?” Lydia said with a tentative step towards him. Alec looked up at her.
“I didn’t know.” He said hollowly, “I had no idea who he was.”
“He lied to you.” Lydia countered, “You had no reason to suspect that what he told you was not the truth.”
Alec scoffed ruefully. There had been plenty of reasons. He had chosen to ignore them. He traced his thumb over the engravings on the handle of the Keris. I won’t kill you, Asmodeus had said, Magnus will do that himself.
“You knew.” Alec said suddenly. He turned back to Lydia, who froze at his words.
“Last night,” He continued, “You weren’t surprised to see any magic. Shocked, maybe. But… none of you seemed surprised.”
“We all knew.” Lydia confirmed in a small voice, “All of the Palace Guards know that magic is real.”
Not for the first time, Alec felt like a fool. He apparently knew less about his own Kingdom than everyone else in this palace, and his resentment towards Robert overflowed for being kept in the dark for so long about things that were so important. Lydia’s tone was apologetic as she said, “I would have told you, but I-”
“Couldn’t.” Alec finished for her. He wasn't mad at Lydia, “I understand.”
“I didn’t know that you were really going into Brocelind. I’d heard talk of it, gossip, but I never imagined you would actually…” Lydia broke off sharply, as if suddenly remembering herself, and bowed her head, “Forgive me, Your Highness.”
“It’s okay,” Alec said. He wished Lydia would stop acting with such formality around him. He watched his father and Michael often, and for all of their many flaws it was hard not to notice the familiarity and friendliness in the way they interacted. He'd always planned to make Lydia his second-in-command when he eventually became King and he would do it regardless of how nice she was to him, but her firm insistence on keeping a wall erected between them always made him wonder about who she was outside of this palace, and outside of that uniform. Would she ever trust him enough to view him as not just her Superior, but a friend?
Lydia did not appear mad at him. Come to think of it, Alec didn't think he had ever really seen Lydia be mad, and it only made him feel worse. Who was he to sit here and think of trust when he had so casually betrayed hers last night? He placed the Keris onto the seat beside him and got to his feet.
“Lydia.” He began, a bit awkwardly, “I have to… I need to apologize to you. For last night.”
Lydia’s brows furrowed. Robert had told Alec once that a King did not apologize. Apologies implied weakness and showed vulnerability, and a King was neither of those things.
He was beginning to realize that a lot of what Robert taught him had been wrong.
“I’m sorry.” He said. If he wanted Lydia to be his friend, this seemed like a good place to start.
But she only shook her head, “No apologies are needed, Your Highness.”
“They are.” Alec insisted, “I went behind your back and put you at risk in doing so. It was wrong of me, and I apologize.”
Lydia seemed to be at a loss for what to say next.
“Thank you.” She said eventually, “And your apology is accepted, Sir.”
Alec made a show of scrunching his nose at the title, earning himself a huff of breath that, if Lydia was someone else, might have turned into a laugh. It was short lived however, as she opened her mouth with the clear intention of saying something else, before cutting herself off in clear apprehension. Alec raised a brow, silently urging her on, and Lydia hesitated still before saying, “I know where he was taken.”
Alec froze, not daring to ask even though he knew that there was really only one person Lydia could be referring to. Thankfully, she did not wait for any verbal indication of him wanting her to continue before she did, the words coming out quickly and in a hushed tone, as though she wanted to take extra care that no one would overhear them despite the security that Alec’s room provided, “He’s at the Gard. Michael has been conducting his questioning along with Emil Pangborn. So far they’ve been unsuccessful in getting any information from him. He maintains that he had nothing to do with the Queen’s illness, and that he knows nothing of what his father is planning.”
Alec thought back to last night, to Asmodeus, who had given his own son up to his enemies without a second thought. Magnus had never mentioned his father to Alec, though he’d occasionally recalled stories of his mother. He'd always talked of her in the past tense, and so Alec had assumed she was dead and made the same conclusion of Magnus' father.
But apparently Asmodeus was very much alive, and now that Alec had had the unfortunate pleasure of meeting the man, he wasn’t so sure that that was a good thing. 

  I won’t kill you. Magnus will do it himself.

“I asked a favor of one of the Guards stationed at the warlocks cell.” Lydia continued, drawing Alec’s eyes back up to her, “You would know him- Andrew Underhill. He told me all that he knew. I thought… I thought that you would like to know.”
Alec had wanted to know, but what was he meant to do now? Did he find a way to get to the Gard and confront Magnus like he’d originally wanted to? Or did he leave it alone like he was sure he should? He’d refused to listen to his instincts before, and look where it had landed him. He told himself that nothing good could come out of doing the same thing again. And yet, he knew that he would not be satisfied until he saw Magnus. He was tired of lying, and tired of running and hiding and keeping secrets. He felt wary down to his bones- physically and mentally drained.  
He needed answers. And he needed them now. And there was only one person that he could get them from.
“I need to see him.” Alec said resolutely. Lydia didn't look happy, but she wasn't surprised either.
“Could Underhill help me with that?” Alec asked.
“I… I suppose so, your Highness.”
Alec could hear the unspoken words, see them plainly in the way Lydia now refused to meet his eyes, “But?”
“But I would have to caution against it.”
Alec sighed, “I know it’s dangerous-”
“You don’t know what you could be up against.” Lydia said, “I know you feel that you know him, but magic is dangerous, your Highness. Warlocks, they’re…”
Lydia trailed off, and she had that same far-away expression she'd had earlier, the one that let Alec know she was thinking of something that she didn’t quite want to think of. She snapped out of it quickly, a small shudder running through her as she looked imploringly at Alec.
“Lydia,” Alec said, willing her to understand, “I have to. I- if there’s even a small chance that I could get him to reveal what he knows about my mother's illness…”
Lydia’s expression softened, though there was some reluctance in her tone still as she said, “Michael is expected to return from the Gard at noon. If you still want to see the warlock by then, I’ll escort you.”
“I couldn’t ask you to do that.”
Especially after last night, he added on in his head. Even though he knew without the shadow of a doubt that he could trust Lydia with this, and that she was actually the only person who both could and would help him, he didn't want to burden her.
“I know.” Lydia said, “I'm helping you anyway.” She glanced down at the Keris resting unassumingly on the couch, prompting Alec to do the same. It was a small piece in a much too big puzzle, and perhaps Lydia understood how important it was to Alec to figure it out. After all, she had brought him the Keris, even though she should have given it over to Michael, and she had found out where Magnus was being kept and revealed it to him. 
He smiled at her. He didn't deserve Lydia, but he was grateful to have her.
“Then I’ll meet you at noon.” He said.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Rain hammered against the windows, and a ten year old Magnus knew that the dark figures bending and twisting throughout the room were nothing more than the shadows from the towering trees that surrounded them, but it didn’t stop him from being afraid of them. He made his way through the house, bare feet shuffling over the cold floor, careful not to make too much noise as he blindly felt his way towards his destination.


  The door to his parents’ room was pushed slightly ajar, just enough that Magnus could poke his head through the space it made and look inside. The fireplace roared in the corner of the dark room and black shadows stretched grotesquely across the walls. Magnus shivered and pressed himself closer inside, his arms wrapped tightly around himself.


  “Mama?” He called out in a whisper, “Are you in here?"


  He found her, but there was no answer, and he made his way across the floor to the bed where the outline of her sleeping form was visible behind the sheer canopy hanging over the frame. His feet crossed over the threshold just as the booming voice of his father called from down the hallway;


  “Magnus!”


  He ran over to his mother and attempted to pull himself up onto the bed next to her with no success, “Mama! Don’t let him send me back. I’m scared-”


  He tugged hard at the canopy, pulling it open perhaps a bit too harshly in his desperation. Outside, thunder rolled as the winding shadows bent themselves in a sinister dance around the room. His mother would understand that the shadows were bad. She would not make him go back to his room alone where they could get to him-

Something grabbed roughly at him from behind, and Magnus yelled out as he was flung the ground. The canopy that had been blocking his mother from his view fell away and Magnus looked down to find he was still holding the thin material in his hand. He pushed himself up to lean back against his elbows, and found his father standing above him with furious eyes that felt like fire across Magnus’ skin. But Magnus could only look at what was behind Asmodeus- the unmoving body of his mother sprawled across the stained white sheets of her bed; she would appear peaceful if not for the way that she was now covered in blood that spilled from her chest and flowed down the side of her nightdress- her Keris was plunged straight through her heart.

  “You know you’re not meant to be in here.” Asmodeus growled, stepping forward and obscuring Magnus’ sight. Magnus barely heard him through the ringing in his ears. He wanted to point at his mother, alert his father, but he couldn’t move, could barely even breathe. 


  The shadows seemed to grow ten times in size, creeping closer and caging him in. Suffocating him. 

Mama... Magnus tried to say, but no sound came out of his mouth. He raised his hands, still holding the canopy, and screamed at the sight of them coated in blood. He dropped the material with a shout and clambered away in fear only to look around for an escape and find the walls now stained with red as well. Where was it coming from? That hadn’t been there before-

  Asmodeus advanced on him, "You should have stayed in your room. This is no sight for a child to see."

“Are you ready to talk now, Warlock?”
Magnus said nothing, though he couldn’t help his grimace as he came awake to nothing but inexplicable pain radiating through his entire body.
The Guard that was to blame for it had not given himself a name, and so Magnus had taken to thinking of him as Red, both for his dark red hair and the way that his knuckles would often leave Magnus’ face stained with blood. The hand that Red favored for hitting was wrapped in what was once a white bandage, though little could be seen of its original color now. Magnus had made a quip some time ago about Red not being the one that needed bandaging, and it had earned him another fist- this one straight to his stomach.
Red’s counterpart was a Guard who Magnus knew was called 'Wayland'- one of the others had called him that when Magnus was taken. Wayland was the one who did most of the talking, and he was a roguish looking man with curling brown hair that Magnus could tell might have once been handsome, particularly in his younger days, but who's face had been marred by a permanent scowl that seemed filled with resentment and anger towards everything he came into contact with. Still, Magnus silently scolded himself for thinking of this man as beautiful despite the circumstances of their interaction, and cursed his weakness for pretty faces with a reminder that falling for a pretty face was the reason for him currently being locked in a cell and tortured for information he did not have.
He’d also told that to Red, and the resulting hit had caused him to black out.
When he’d drawn himself back into consciousness that time, he'd found himself alone with the lingering memory of his mother on his mind. His hand had moved to his side where he normally kept his Keris, and he’d met only the torn shards of what had once been a lovely coat as he blurred more and more into awareness, or something akin to it. He'd never fully pulled himself right out of the darkness he’d fallen into, and the throbbing ache spreading across his entire body meant that he'd found very little reason to try. He’d already made an attempt at escape that had ended with Red threatening to cut his limbs off one by one if he dared to do it again. Thankfully, Red's counterpart seemed to have little interest in such things, and he’d ushered Red out of the cell with a sideways glance and warning look back at Magnus that confirmed everything he hadn’t wanted to believe. When they hadn’t taken him to the palace, he had clung to a small piece of hope that he'd gotten lucky. But no, wherever he was, they were in Alicante, and this city was surrounded by Adamas. Magnus’ magic didn't work here.
He really did not want to pick a favorite of his two torturers, but Magnus had to admit that Wayland was quickly becoming preferable. His method of interrogation -and Magnus would scoff at the word interrogation if he had the energy to do so or if merely thinking of the action didn’t cause him pain- was less brute force like Red and more an endless barrage of questions.
Wayland's questions mostly surrounded Asmodeus, who was the last person that Magnus wanted to talk about, but he had learned some valuable information through that line of questioning. Apparently, Idris’ Queen had fallen ill, and for whatever inane reason, the palace suspected Asmodeus, and by extension Magnus, had done something to her.
Magnus had not seen his father in two years. He’d thought -hoped- that he was dead. He did not know anything about Idris’ Queen, but it seemed fitting that he would be the one paying the price for his father’s misdeeds.
Some questions surrounded Catarina, who Wayland wanted to know more about than Magnus was willing to tell him (the bitter taste of blood in his mouth as a result of refusing to talk about that had not yet left him, but Magnus hadn't given in. He wouldn't put Catarina in danger too).
Magnus didn't know for sure how anyone in Idris, least of all the palace, had gotten to know so much about him and his father, but he did have strong suspicions.
A few questions had been about Alec, who very nearly ranked even lower than Asmodeus did on the list of things Magnus wanted to talk about, because Alec was the only common thread in all of Magnus' problems. How else would the palace have learnt about Magnus?
But how had Alec figured out the truth? And how had he found out about Asmodeus, when Magnus had always been careful not to mention his father to anyone, especially Alec?
He didn't want to talk about Alec in any capacity, but he’d been pushed on the topic anyway. Wayland had demanded to know what magic Magnus had used to make Alec do what he’d done. Magnus, in turn, practically drunk on his pain at that point, had regaled his torturers with the truth: that their Prince hadn’t needed to be spelled. He’d thrown himself at Magnus of his own free will.
Predictably, neither of them had liked that very much.

  On the day of Magnus’ twelfth birthday, almost two years after his mother’s death, Asmodeus gave him a gift.


  “You’re old enough now.” His father said as he handed over the wooden box. Magnus stared at it, unwilling to open it. His father had never been much of a gift-giver, or much inclined to any kind of affection at all. That has always been the realm of Magnus’ mother. Magnus counted himself lucky if, on one of Asmodeus’ occasional good days, he was not scolded or hit or sent to his room without dinner for some infraction that Asmodeus took issue with. Usually he resigned himself to spending his days alone in his bedroom, leaving Asmodeus to his own devices. He was rarely allowed to leave the house, and sometimes he would miss the days where he and his mother would sneak away to the city while Asmodeus holed himself up in his study, or while he was away on one of his trips.


  “What is it?” Magnus asked. He raised the box to his ear and shook it, but the muffled thudding on the inside gave away no hint as to what his gift could be. The box was long and rectangular, but there were no inscriptions on the cover that he might have used as a clue. 

“Open it.” Asmodeus said with a sigh. Magnus pushed aside his nervousness, telling himself to be brave, as he slowly took off the lid of the box. Through his peripheral vision he could see Asmodeus looking down at him, and he tried to ignore the way it made him feel uneasy. He was always uneasy in Asmodeus’ presence. Magnus gingerly sat the lid down onto the table and stared at the contents of the box. At first, he didn’t process what was inside of it. He thought that he might be looking wrong, because that seemed like the only logical explanation for why he was being gifted his mother’s Keris.
And then, after several seconds had ticked past him frozen on the spot, he realized that his sight hadn't failed him after all. The Keris still stared back at him, and Magnus thought that he was about to be sick.
“She wanted you to have it.” Asmodeus said, either unaware or uncaring of Magnus’ plight. Magnus looked up at him, and he could feel the tears pricking at his eyes as his throat closed up. Images of blood covered walls and sheets soaked in red flashed before him. He saw his mother lying dead in the middle of her bed, and the Keris lodged deep in her chest as Magnus called out to her. He saw himself clinging to her unresponsive form, sobbing into her neck and ignoring the way her body had already gone cold and stiff-
“You still have nothing to say?” Wayland asked, and it took Magnus, still hovering on the edge of unconsciousness, a while to work through the haziness of his brain and figure out that the Guard was still talking to him and that he had been asked a question he’d never answered.
There was a long sigh, and then the sound of movement. Magnus’ eyes felt too heavy to convince them to open and watch, and so he settled for listening instead.
This, however, served to be just as futile a task. Through the ringing in his ears, the conversation consisted of only fragmented words and chopped sentences, too broken for Magnus to make any sense of.
And then just as he gave up trying, there were rough hands on his face, yanking his head up until the bright overhead lights burnt at the back of his eyelids.
“Where is he?” Wayland snarled, “Where is Asmodeus?”
Magnus tried, he really did, to give a response. If only for a chance at reducing the additional pain of his neck being held at such a cruel angle. He forgot, in the moment, that his options here were not really pain or no pain.
No matter what he said, the result was always the same. And his answers were the truth, just not the truth that anyone wanted to hear. As it was, he apparently took too long trying to get his brain and his mouth to cooperate enough to form a response, even if the response most likely would have been yet another I don’t know that would have landed him in even more trouble.
Wayland released him with a muttered out curse, and a fist connected with Magnus' face.
When the world faded back to nothing, Magnus gratefully embraced it.

  There was blood on the walls again, but Anisa had been dead for over three months, so there was no real reason why her blood should be streaking down the walls of Magnus’ bedroom in thick red lines the way that it was. He didn’t think himself crazy, and so he tried to believe what his father had said: that the blood was nothing more than ‘fitful hallucinations bound to go away with time.’ 


  But it had been three months.


  Magnus cowered under heavy blankets, pulled them up to cover his entire body and tried to ignore the way he trembled underneath them. He tried to ignore the way that there seemed to be more blood each time he risked opening his eyes to check. He tried to ignore the tears on his face and the way that the room was cold despite it being well into the hottest season. And most of all he tried to ignore the way that he missed his mother. If she were here, she would have come to get him by now. Or he would have gone to her. But she wasn’t here, and she would never be here again, and Magnus was alone-

Time did not exist in this room.
Magnus dragged himself up, ignoring the way that his wrists burnt in the tight metal cuffs they were enclosed in. They kept him shackled to the furthest wall of his cell, so that the closest he could get to the locked gate was still a few inches short of it. There was no natural light coming in from anywhere, and so even though Magnus knew he had been dragged in here sometime in the early morning, he had no way to figure out exactly how long it’d been since then. He assumed it couldn’t have been longer than a day, though he had spent so much of that time drifting in and out of consciousness that he couldn’t even be sure of that.
The witchlight in his cell, hanging from the ceiling, flickered on and off every now and again, alternating between too bright and not bright enough at all and keeping Magnus in a perpetual stage of disorientation, made only worse by all of his injuries. This time, after he’d given up trying to fall back asleep, he decided to make use of them being on and propped himself up against the wall as he tried to take stock of just how badly he was hurt. His sides hurt with every moment and there was a tightness in his chest with each breath he took. With much effort, he shrugged himself out of what was left of his coat, cursing the Guard that had taken his Keris off of him. He felt naked without it, like a vital part of himself was missing for not having it on him. It’d been so long since he’d gone without it in his sight, or within arm’s reach. And now he had no way of knowing what was happening to it.
Once the coat was off he raised up the edge of his shirt, eyeing the drops of blood that had dripped down onto it, and noticed with a wince the darkening bruise that had begun to form. It was a violent purplish-red color, and told Magnus that his ribs had definitely been bruised during his altercations with Red. There was no reflective surface in the cell for him to see his face, but the insistent throbbing in his temple spread all the way down to the side of his face and his jaw protested each time he tried to move it. He was sure there was some swelling.
Mostly, Magnus was just tired. He found himself wishing now for nothing more than his bath, and his bed. A cooked meal. His stomach grumbled at the thought, and he remembered that he hadn't actually eaten anything in a while. At some point during their altercations, Blonde had brought him water. Magnus had initially tried to refuse it, but his stubbornness and pride had given way shortly after. He would not die in this cell. He would not give them the satisfaction of it.
He thought of Catarina, and of Elias. Elias. The boy, also a Warlock, had come to live with him and Asmodeus after his parents had died and left him with no other family to speak of. Magnus had taken him under his wing, bonding with him through their shared loss. Though Magnus’ feelings about the topic had been clouded by all that he’d learnt about his mother over the years, he remembered what it had felt like to be in Elias’ position, and he felt inclined to offer him what advice and support he could. The boy had nowhere to go but with them, and so Magnus had always felt protective of him, viewing him like the little brother he’d never had. He’d hoped to eventually help Elias with his magical training, but the boy had never shown any interest in magic.
And now Elias was dead, and Magnus had only himself to blame for it. If he had done the job right and killed Asmodeus when he’d had the chance, none of this would be happening. Elias would be alive, and Magnus wouldn’t be strung up in a cell answering for crimes he hadn’t committed.
Above him, the lights stuttered for a few seconds until they turned off completely, and Magnus was once again plunged back into darkness.

  “It has been in her family for generations, and she wanted you to have it.” Asmodeus said, looking between twelve year old Magnus and the Keris, “It was made out to you in her will. Not that she had many possessions to speak of.”


  “I- I don’t want it.” Magnus said. He slammed the lid back onto the box and turned to walk off, but an almost lazy twist of his father’s wrist sent the door swinging shut before he had even made a single step towards it. Asmodeus gripped him by his shoulders and spun the boy around until Magnus was staring up at him helplessly. He didn’t struggle. He knew it would be futile to even attempt it. 


  “Enough of this!” Asmodeus growled. With enough force to cause Magnus to stumble backwards until he managed to catch himself on the edge of the table, Asmodeus released him. Asmodeus waved a hand, and Magnus watched as a leather-bound journal appeared in it. It was one that he recognized immediately. 


  “Open it.” Asmodeus said. 


  He looked down at his son, his face twisting in disdain, as he shoved the journal into Magnus' small hands. The boy gripped it with trembling fingers and unclasped the latch that kept the book together. It was written through entirely, all pages filled up with his mother’s handwriting. Most of the words scrawled across the page had clearly been written in a rush for how much Magnus needed to maneuver his sight around the occasional splotches where the ink had spilled and smudged. The entries varied in date, and all were addressed to a name Magnus doesn’t recognize- Ragnor Fell. 


  "Read this.” Asmodeus said, “Read her words. See how she truly felt about you.” 


  Magnus didn’t want to. The leather felt cold in his hands, and he remembered how his mother had sometimes lost hours each day writing in these journals. He’d always assumed that Asmodeus had burnt them all, the same way he’d burnt all the rest of Anisa’s things after her death. Part of him still felt like he was betraying her to read what she'd written, but eventually his own curiosity won over and he sank down into one of the too-big chairs.

“I didn’t want you to see this.” His father was saying, “I wanted to protect you from this. But I can’t let you go on like this- mourning the death of that woman.”

  Asmodeus spat out the last two words vehemently, and Magnus’ confusion as to what his father could have possibly wanted to protect him from slowly disappeared as he flipped through the pages of the journal, his heart sinking in his chest the further along that he went.


  Asmodeus continued speaking, though Magnus could barely understand him.  All Magnus could do was focus on what he was reading. He wanted to tear his eyes away from it, each letter cutting through him like the sharp blade of the Keris, but he couldn't. He didn’t know how long he had been sitting there, just reading, just trying to make some sense of the words that seemed too horrible to be true.


  And by the time he was finished reading, Magnus felt like his entire world had gone crashing to the ground. He saw his mother- with her long hair that she had allowed Magnus to brush out for her, and he saw her looking up at him with a tender smile as she’d reached out to squeeze his hand reassuringly when he'd messed up. He heard her voice, singing to him in her native language and cheering him on as he practiced his earliest spells.


  It had never made sense to him, the way she had died. He’d been left with questions that he assumed would always be left unanswered. His father had only ever scowled at him when Magnus dared to approach him about it, and eventually he had given up seeking out an explanation and resigned himself to never knowing what had made his mother take her own life. 


  “This is how she really felt about you.” Asmodeus said, “She never loved you. To her, you were a monster. An abomination. She would have cast you away if she’d had the chance-”


  “No.” Magnus choked out. The journal dropped to the ground. 


  “No-”


  “See how she talks about you!” Asmodeus told him, “She hated you! You were nothing to her. She only ever pretended! She was a vile, selfish woman-”


  “Stop it!”


  Asmodeus grabbed onto his shoulders again, shaking him firmly until Magnus was blinking through his own tears to look up at him, “I’m the only one that has ever cared about you. I’m the only one you have, Magnus.” 


  He snatched the book off of the ground and held it up until Magnus was forced to look at it again, “She’d rather kill herself and die in shame than stay with you. She couldn’t stand the sight of you.” 

Magnus realized that he was crying, and dashed furiously at the tears that had begun rolling down his face. He saw his mother again, but this time, he saw different things: the way she used to walk around the house with her face drawn tight, a deep, profound misery written into every line of her features. He saw the way she used to stare out into the distance, her eyes unfocused, as if she were a million miles away from where she stood. He remembered her locking herself in her room for hours and he remembered hearing her sobbing on the other side of the door- Things that he had always wanted to ask about, and never had- things he would never have considered himself the cause of.

  “But why?” He asked tearfully. His voice sounded weak even to his own ears.

And still, his heart rebelled against it. It couldn’t be true, what he had read, what his father was saying. It didn't make any sense. Anisa hadn't even said why-
But it was. Why else would Anisa have killed herself? Why else would she have been so sad all the time? He hadn’t been enough to keep her here, how unlikely was it that he had been the reason she’d left? They were her own words- she had written them, and they were clear as day. 
Magnus clung to his father, the two of them alone standing in the middle of the room and his mother’s Keris resting still in its box on the table. Now, the sight of it hurt for an entirely different reason. Anger roared inside of him, quickly turning into rage as he thought of how cruel Anisa had been to leave him with this. Perhaps it had been her subtle way of revenge. Her way of making him pay for all the years she had suffered as his mother. 

  "I am the only one you have now." Asmodeus repeated, and Magnus, with no where else to go and no one else to reach out to, leaned in to his father's words.


  This was all he had now.

  
    Chapter Text
    “If you had gotten here a few minutes earlier you would have caught her while she was awake.” Isabelle said as Alec walked into Maryse’s room. She didn't look up from where she stood, her gaze desolate as she looked down at their mother. Max sat next to Maryse on the bed. He had one of her hands in his, and Alec took the other as he came to stand near them. The curtains at the farthest end of the room were pulled back slightly, and the light made the room appear a little bit less dreary than it had looked before. He wondered if it had been Isabelle’s doing, as Iris was nowhere to be found at the moment, and didn’t doubt it. Isabelle had much less patience than he did.“Did she say anything?” He asked doubtfully. Isabelle had brushed Maryse’s hair as well, he noticed, though it did little to bring it back to life. It still lay flat and dull against the pillow, its dark color only making more apparent the grayness of her skin. He was, however, still happy to see that she was breathing steadily now, and the slow rise and fall of her chest was a nice change compared to what Alec had witnessed during his last visit.Isabelle’s frown deepened, “No. She said nothing more than the usual.”Look what you’ve caused, Robert had told him, and a small, terrible part of Alec repeated the words back to himself now, convinced that Robert had been right. Alec was meant to meet with Lydia soon, but he couldn't leave without coming here first. He needed to see for himself, perhaps, that his mother’s situation really was as dire as Amatis and Starkweather had made it out to be, even if it gutted him to see Maryse look like a pitiful shell of her former self.Despite Alec’s attempts at thinking it over the way Lydia had urged him to do, he only encountered more reasons to go see Magnus.But still, the nagging voices at the back of his mind only got louder with each passing second: What if Robert and Michael were right? If Maryse got better and learnt the truth, would she ever forgive Alec for what he had done? And if she never got better, if the worse happened, would Alec be able to forgive himself?Max raised his head, as though he had somehow heard hear Alec's thoughts, “Mother isn’t going to wake up, is she?”Isabelle met Alec's eyes from across the bed, and Alec cleared his throat before saying, in as reassuring of a voice as he could manage, “Of course she is.”“It’s not true.” Max countered, pushing himself to his feet, “I heard that doctor talking to Iris-”“You listened in on a private conversation?” Isabelle admonished, though there was no real heat behind it. Alec winced at the mutinous look Max shot her. No one ever tells me anything!” He protested, “I’m not a baby.”“You kind of are.” Alec said, and earned himself a glare as well. “To us." He amended, "You’re our baby brother, Max.”Isabelle reached out to take Max’s hand and he pushed it away from him. Alec saw the flicker of hurt in Isabelle's eyes, but she didn't try to reach for him again.Max stepped back and stared sullenly at Maryse, “Jace would have told me if he were here. Jace tells me things. He’s a better brother than either of you.”It was Alec that spoke then, his voice sharper than he’d intended it to be, “Max.”But Max had already turned on his heels and stalked towards the door, opening and slamming it shut behind him as he left. Isabelle stared after him, clearly conflicted about whether or not she should go after him.“He didn't mean that. He’s upset.” Alec said weakly, trying to comfort her. He silently berated himself for stating what was obvious. Of course Max was upset. They all were.“Maybe he’s right.” Isabelle said quietly. She gently brushed back a strand of Maryse’s hair.“We’re just protecting him.” Alec replied.“Maybe,” Isabelle said slowly, not looking at Alec as she did, “Everyone should stop trying to ‘protect’ everyone else.”He heard the underlying meaning of her words.“What did Lydia want to say to you?” Isabelle asked. Alec thought back to the Keris in his room, locked away in his closet where there was no chance of anyone accidentally finding it. He thought of the fact that he would be meeting with Lydia to go see Magnus in less than an hour. He thought of all that had transpired over the past day, and the fact that Jace still hadn’t returned to the palace, and more than anything he wanted to tell Isabelle the truth. He could see how much she hated feeling like she was being lied to, and she’d always resented being left out of things. He didn't want to add on to her worries, but he didn’t even know where to begin. Not with this. Apparently, his hesitation had gone on for too long. Isabelle’s gaze hardened as she waited for an answer, and when none came, she turned away from him.“I think,” She said stiffly, “That I would like to be alone.”Alec’s face fell, “Isabelle-”“I would like to be alone now.”Alec faltered, and then sighed. He turned back to Maryse, feeling even more defeated than he'd been earlier.It was the final push he needed to make his decision. He would see Magnus, he thought, and he would do whatever needed to be done to fix this. He swore it on the Angel Raziel himself as he turned and walked away from the bed.Stephen and Céline Herondale died on a Tuesday afternoon, succumbing to injuries sustained in a fire at their home.While the Herondale Manor had been burnt to ash and most of its occupants had gone up in flames with it, their only son, the then ten year old Jonathon Herondale, better known as Jace, had survived by pure circumstance. He hadn’t been at the manor when the fire began. He’d been at the palace, with Alec and Isabelle and the girl who had been known then as Clarissa Morgenstern, though everyone called her Clary. Alec still remembered the day so clearly it was like it had happened just a few hours ago. He could recall with perfect clarity the way the four of them had been summoned back into the palace from where they’d been playing in the gardens: Izzy and Clary off to one side and Jace trying to impress Clary with his fighting skills, using Alec as a reluctant sparring partner. They’d been sent up to the sitting room and had found their parents there waiting for them, all in varying states of clear distress. Robert and Maryse Lightwood, Jocelyn and Valentine Morgenstern.Alec remembered Jace looking around for his own parents, and he remembered the way Jace’s expression had slowly started to change when he realized they weren’t there.During the events that followed over the next couple of months, Jace would be adopted into their family. It was unconventional and had raised more than a few eyebrows throughout the Kingdom, but Maryse and Robert had been insistent from the start that Jace would stay with them and would, for all intents and purposes, be their son. Though he could never be allowed to inherit the throne, and he wouldn’t have any official royal title, Jace had become a part of the Lightwood family by everything but name.While it had taken Isabelle some time to come around to the idea of another person in their home, Alec had readily embraced having a brother. For a while, things had seemed to be getting better. There was a Stephen and Céline shaped hole in their lives, not made any easier by the loss of William Herondale, Stephen's nephew who'd also been a victim of the fire only a few years after marrying his wife, Tessa Gray, but they had been slowly patching those holes up with time.And then it had gotten worse.The morning they’d woken up to the news that Valentine Morgenstern had been arrested for his involvement in the fire, Jace had been planning to see Clary. He’d marched down the palace stairs awaiting her arrival only to be told what had happened, not that any of them were willing to believe it. The Morgenstern family was an old one, and for generations had been held in high esteem throughout Idris. What Valentine had done was unthinkable, unforgivable, and Robert had been livid enough to give only the steepest of punishments. Valentine and his family had been stripped of everything: their titles, their home, their money, their status. They took up residence in the village amongst the people they had once stood above, unable to leave the boundaries of Alicante for any reason, and the final blow had been delivered when they were forced to revoke the name of Morgenstern and take up the common name of ‘Fray’ instead.Valentine had not been able to bear the shame of it, and he had taken his own life shortly after. But Jocelyn and Clary were left behind, the punishment of Valentine’s crimes extending to them, as it would to anyone of Valentine’s bloodline that came after them.Clary was outcast not just from who she had once been but from all the friends she’d had in that life too, including Jace.Alec's stomach lurched as he and Lydia stepped out of the carriage in front of the Gard.He hadn’t gone to lunch, and had told himself not to be upset when no one was sent to inquire about his absence. He had no appetite anyway, and between Magnus, Robert, and his siblings, even the thought of stomaching something only upset him further. To his knowledge, Jace still hadn’t returned to the palace and Alec tried not to let that add on to the ever-growing list of things he needed to worry about right at that moment, though it was almost impossible not to do so. Alec had spent most of their teenage years telling Jace that it was dangerous for him to go around Clary, and that he would inevitably end up getting himself into trouble for it. He’d warned him against it so many times, and Jace had only ever been adamant that any punishment he received would be worth it. Now, Alec could not help but notice the similarities of Jace’s situation to what he himself was going through, and any anger he’d ever felt at Jace dissipated quickly into his own self loathing.The Gard towered above them, a dark building with sharp jagged edges that sent their message clearly: Stay Away. Lydia lingered behind to say something indistinguishable to their coachman as Alec made his way up towards the entrance. Magnus was inside this building. And though Alec had no justifiable reason to feel guilty about that fact, he couldn't help but do so. This was the very last place he’d ever wanted to find Magnus.“We don’t have much time.” Lydia said as she came up to him. Her arms were wrapped around herself, holding her coat tightly to her body as she stared up at the Gard in clear disapproval. She hadn’t been enthusiastic about Alec’s decision to come here, and had warned him again several times during the ride.“Are you ready, Your Highness?” She asked finally, turning to Alec. Alec nodded, though he felt numb to all that was happening. He could only think the same three words, his trepidation increasing each time: Magnus was here. Magnus was here. Magnus was here.He went forward.There was a voice calling Magnus’ name again.Magnus heard it distantly, as though its owner was buried deep underwater, gently rousing him up from sleep. It was accompanied by a hand on his arm, another cradling his face, and when the voice spoke his name again Magnus was all too aware of exactly who it was, and he refused to accept it.He clenched his eyes shut and turned away from where the brightness of the overhead light pressed against his eyelids. He was convinced he was dreaming and told himself that there could be no other explanation, and then just as he was about to let the overwhelming desire to fall back into the darkness consume him once more, Alexander Lightwood spoke his name again and Magnus, as he always was, was helpless not to respond.Alec blurred into focus as Magnus blinked his eyes open. Alec was crouched down in front of him, warm fingers pressed against the side of Magnus’ face and keeping him facing forward, keeping his eyes on Alec. His grip only tightened when Magnus tried to turn away, and Magnus, despite his irritation, didn't have the energy to properly fight him off. He barely even had the willpower for it.“What happened to you?” Alec asked. His voice was low, something dangerous at the edges of it. If Magnus really focused past Alec’s carefully feigned composure, he could see the concern, and rage, in the way he looked at him, demanding an explanation.Magnus closed his eyes again and let his head fall back against the wall. He couldn’t do this. He was strong enough to deal with the interrogations, but this was too much. This was just cruel.“What are you doing here, Alexander?” Magnus asked instead of answering. His voice was scratchy, dehydrated as he was. Alec’s fingers on his jaw were insistent, and Magnus' heart pounded in his chest as he was made to look at Alec again.“You're hurt. Who did this?" Alec asked, "Who-"“Even if I told you,” Magnus cut him off, “What good would that do?”Alec stared at him. His shoulders were rigid, his dark hair falling around his face. “I didn’t know.” He said quietly.Alec's hands dropped to his sides and it was only then that Magnus noticed the key he'd been holding. Alec followed his line of sight and pressed the key back into his pocket, and Magnus gave a sardonic little huff that sent a searing pain up his side. He clutched it tightly, leaning forward as he struggled to breathe without causing himself even more damage. Alec was next to him again in an instant. He pressed his hands lightly over Magnus' as their eyes met once again.“Why are you here, Alexander?” Magnus asked when the ache had subsided enough. Alec blinked owlishly at him, as though he himself had forgotten his reasons, and Magnus almost felt sorry for him.“I-” Alec started, “I wanted to see you.”Magnus would laugh if he didn’t think it would hurt too much to do so, “Great. You’ve seen me. You can go now.”“Magnus-”“Unless, of course, that’s not the only reason you came.” Magnus added. Alec’s tightened his jaw.“So go ahead.” Magnus said entreatingly, “Ask me whatever it is you want to ask. I assume that your questions will be much more interesting than the ones your henchmen came up with.”For a long moment, there was nothing but silence in the space between them. Magnus waited; he had all the time in the world, after all. When Alec finally spoke, his voice was so soft that Magnus would have missed it had he not been paying such close attention to each movement of Alec’s body. He saw Alec's mouth frame the single word, his lips parting slightly as his shoulders dropped. “Why?”Magnus hated himself for a lot of reasons, but since that very first night he’d carefully curated a wall of indifference around everything that was Alec, so as to remind himself that Idris’ soon-to-be King should never become one of those reasons. Magnus was not meant to feel guilty, or upset, when faced with the reality of what he’d done. He'd had a plan, for Alec. This was exactly what he’d wanted. He’d spent the past year awaiting this moment, relishing the thought of this very expression on Alec’s face. He’d wanted to break him. He'd wanted to hurt him, and he’d done it.And he hated it.“You knew who I was.” Alec said. It wasn’t a question, and Magnus didn’t answer.“You- all this time- you were a…”“Warlock.” Magnus finished for him. Alec looked pale, and the harsh white glow from the witchlight did nothing to help. He tore his eyes away from Magnus and pushed himself to his feet, stalking across the room.“Don’t stand there and place yourself on some sort of pedestal.” Magnus called after him tiredly, “You lied to me, too, Your Highness.”“You knew the truth about me!” Alec countered heatedly, “And I- this is different. I didn’t place you in any danger-”“Oh?” Magnus asked pointedly, “Didn’t you?”He turned his face so that the side he knew to be bruised was facing Alec, “Does this look like I’m not in danger?”Alec balked at the sight, “They weren’t supposed to do that. They said they would only question you. If I had known-”“You’d have done what?” Magnus taunted, “You’d have stopped them? What did you think they were doing, Alexander? Did you think we were sitting around a fancy table having tea?”“You’re not here because of me.” Alec argued. He shook his head and turned away from Magnus, as if he couldn't bear the sight of him anymore, “If you'd just tell us what we want to know, none of this would be happening."Magnus wanted to kill something, preferably himself. Or Alec.“I’ve already told your Guards, Alexander, that I have no idea what my father is doing. In case you didn’t notice by the way he handed me over in chains, we don’t exactly have the best relationship.”Alec looked at him, “You thought he was dead.”“He should be.” He would have been, if Magnus had been strong enough to kill him.“Why did he give you over the Guards?” Alec asked, and this was another question that Magnus had no answer for, though he was willing to bet that trying to kill Asmodeus had played a part in it. His father was not, however, one for petty vengeance. Asmodeus had not stayed away from him for the past two years just to hand him over to Idris’ Guards the moment he showed back up. Asmodeus hadn’t even said much to him, he'd just laughed cruelly when Magnus had demanded answers.Magnus knew there was a larger picture here. He just hadn’t figured it out yet, and Asmodeus hadn’t yet deemed it necessary for him to know.“And your mother?” Alec asked when he seemed to realize Magnus didn’t intend to answer him. There was a small hint of hopefulness in Alec's voice, in the way he looked at Magnus like he still expected him to reveal something that would save the day. Magnus remembered then that Alec was fighting for his own mother. Idris’ beloved Queen, Maryse.A ridiculous part of Magnus, despite the absolutely fucked up situation he’d landed himself in by caring too much about Alec’s wellbeing in the first place, wished that he had the answers Alec desired. But he didn’t. He had not been lying about that.“She actually is dead.” He said eventually, his voice low, “Not that that would have worked either. She also hated me.”Alec stared at him for several seconds, as though he didn't quite know whether or not to believe what Magnus was saying. Magnus would be offended, but he figured that Alec had good enough reasons not to trust him. It wasn’t as though Magnus held a lot of trust for him.And then Alec's features were softening, something akin to pity taking form before it was replaced by his own dreaded realization: There would be no saving Maryse.“There must be something-” He tried, but his voice trailed off as he did, “Another warlock. Maybe if we got your father-”“My father?” Magnus asked incredulously, his eyes narrowing. He’d always thought that Alicantians were stupid, but he didn’t think they were particularly suicidal as well.“There has to be something!” Alec said, and his desperation was palpable in the small space they shared, “I won’t lose her, Magnus. She doesn’t deserve to die.”Magnus was quiet for a long while. “No one deserves to die. Sometimes people do, and we just have to deal with it.” He said.Alec clenched his hands at his sides, “This is- you think I did something to that boy-”“That boy,” Magnus growled, the memory of Elias’ dead body still too clear in his mind, “is named Elias. He’s… he was a child.”He fought, and lost, against the barrage of memories that assaulted him. Elias was dead, and it was all his fault. “I had nothing to do with it.” Alec said. Magnus looked up at him, and saw Alec's understanding click into place."You thought, what, Magnus? That I somehow found out you were a warlock, and then went and killed the first one I found?" Alec asked, his eyes cold, "Even if I had known, do you really think I would do something like that?""I don't actually know what I think about you right now, Alexander." Magnus said, "But no. I know you had nothing to do with Elias' death. That was all my father. His magic was all over Elias' body."Alec didn't look convinced that Magnus believed he was innocent, but Magnus didn't actually care to convince him. Whatever Alec felt was his own problem.Magnus considered saying something else, but his train of thought was abruptly cut off by the sound of footsteps approaching.Alec’s head snapped up and Magnus watched warily as he panicked. The sound of voices rose above the shuffling of feet, getting louder until Magnus was able to pick one out-Alec backed further into the room as Wayland appeared at the front of the cell. “Michael.” He said.Wayland stopped in his tracks, the hand that held the key in front of him frozen as he saw Alec. Behind him was another man, slightly taller with a broader frame and black hair. His dark eyes scanned the room, barely pausing over Alec before pinning Magnus to the spot. Magnus had never seen Idris’ illustrious King up close before, but his stark resemblance to Alec meant that Magnus recognized Robert Lightwood immediately.And fuck- somehow things had gotten worse. Because Robert Lightwood looked furious.Two more people came into view, both of whom Magnus knew had been at the house when he’d been taken; a short blonde woman who immediately sought out Alec with her eyes wide and panicked; the same woman who had taken Magnus’ Keris from him. He glared at her and she flinched away, almost colliding with the man standing behind her. This one had been amongst those escorting Magnus to this cell when he’d first gotten here. Whatever this was, Magnus knew it wouldn’t be any fun. “What is this?” Alec demanded, staring at the lot of them, “What are you all doing here?”“I could ask you the same question.” Robert Lightwood said with a callous look in his son’s direction, “I warned you! I told you how dangerous the warlock was, and now look at what’s happened-”“What in the name of the Angels are you talking about?” Alec snapped. Magnus pushed himself to his feet with much difficulty, realizing that being the only one in the room sitting down placed him at a disadvantage he did not want to be at. Wayland -Michael- shoved his own key into the cell and flung it open with a thunderous noise, and Robert Lightwood stalked forward until he was standing directly in front of Magnus. Up close, Magnus saw that his eyes were actually blue, like his sons. But Robert's were a much darker shade, made even more so now by the way he glowered at Magnus.“Where is he?” Robert demanded of him, “What did you do?”Magnus raised his chin, cognizant of Alec standing behind his father with a hand on Robert’s shoulder, attempting to pull him away. Michael stood beside them, his hand perched over the hilt of his sword, and the other two Guards hovering behind seemed caught between wanting to de-escalate the situation and not wanting to interrupt their King.“Am I meant to know who you’re talking about?” Magnus asked tautly. Robert shoved at his chest, and Magnus thankfully had the wall behind him to hold him up when he collapsed under the hit. Alec gave a furious shout, rushing forward only to be pulled back by the blonde woman grabbing onto his arm and saying something to him that was too low for Magnus to hear.“My son!” Robert yelled at Magnus, “WHERE IS MY SON?”Behind him, Alec’s brows creased, “Father-”But Robert didn't seem to hear Alec at all."Jace." Robert spat, still looking at Magnus, “His horse showed up at the palace gates this afternoon, and Jace is nowhere to be found.”
  
    Chapter Text
    Alec wasn't breathing, and everything moved both too slowly and too quickly.He was aware of Lydia standing next to him, her mouth moving with words Alec couldn't quite make sense of, tugging on Alec's arm as he tried to wrestle himself free of her grip. She was warning him, but everything was all jumbled and Alec couldn't focus on her long enough to adhere to anything she said.He was also aware of Magnus, who clutched at his side with a pained wince as Robert slammed him back into the wall. Robert held Magnus by the scruff of his shirt, demanding to know where Jace was, and Michael stood right behind them like a watchful shadow, his hand on his sword and waiting, Alec knew, for the slightest hint of movement from Magnus as an excuse to attack.And Alec could only think of what his father had just said.
  Jace was missing.
“I don’t know where your son is.” Magnus grunted out. He was glaring at Robert and holding himself up with as much pride as one could have in his situation, “You seem to have a problem with keeping track of your own children, Your Majesty.”Alec blanched at the words, knowing Robert wouldn't take them lightly, and desperately tried to catch Magnus’ eyes in what he already knew would be a futile attempt to get Magnus to stop talking.“Your Highness.” Lydia whispered harshly, and her blunt nails dug into Alec's arm as he tried to move forward yet again, “Don’t.”Magnus' breathing was labored as he stood up straighter- he was hurting himself, but Alec knew that he would rather suffer through the worst kinds of pain than show any hint of weakness in front of anyone.“But to answer your question,” Magnus continued, his tone laced with venom, “I don’t know where your other son is. I don’t actually have much interest in the royal children.”And then Magnus made a clear glance in Alec’s direction, a single brow raised in what was an obvious taunt as he dragged his gaze back over to Robert, “Not all of them, anyway."There was a flash of movement, and between one second and the next Robert had snatched the sword from Michael’s belt and was pointing it towards Magnus, the sharp edge pressed tightly against Magnus’ chest. Magnus scowled down at it.“One day.” Robert seethed, “You have one day, warlock. If Jace isn’t returned to me by then, I will personally see you to your death. I swear it on the Angel.”Magnus set his jaw and said nothing.Robert released him roughly, and Alec darted forward. He pushed himself out of Lydia’s grasp and towards Magnus, only narrowly escaping Michael’s attempt at grabbing onto him as he did.“Are you okay?” He asked. He reached for Magnus’ side, pressing his hand over the one Magnus had there, “Tell me-”“Alexander.” Robert growled, “Enough of this nonsense.”“You let him be tortured!” Alec shouted, turning to glare at his father, “You knew what they were doing-”“I did what was necessary!”“I hate you.” Alec spat. He saw Robert flinch ever so slightly, but there was no satisfaction to be gained from his realization that, at that moment, he truly meant the words.Robert’s expression was merciless, “And Jace should have been my heir, not you. I wish it wasn’t you. We’ll discuss your behavior further when we get back to the palace.”He turned before Alec could say anything else, storming out of the room with Underhill on his tail. Michael cast one last glance back at Alec, who was still holding Magnus, and then followed after them both with an order for Lydia to come with them.Lydia remained, her eyes darting frantically between Alec and Magnus, “Sir-”Alec shook his head with a rough whisper, “Lydia, don’t.”Lydia’s face fell. Alec could clearly see that there was more she wanted to say, but she gave up and walked out of the cell without another word. The gates closed as her footsteps departed, and Magnus crumbled fully to the ground with a sharp intake of breath. Alec followed right after him.“Where are you hurt?” He asked, reaching to pull away Magnus’ shirt. The fabric was stained with blood and sweat, “Let me see, Magnus-”"I'm fine." Magnus insisted, but his hands were still pressed firmly enough to his side that Alec wanted to argue the contrary. He clearly wasn’t fine, but he knew Magnus well enough to know that Magnus would never admit that.Robert’s words were still ringing in his ears, and Alec pushed them aside. One thing at a time, he told himself.He started undoing Magnus' shirt buttons, and was thankful when the warlock barely put up a fight. "You're in pain.”Magnus glared up at him, his gold-green eyes as sharp as a cat’s, “You don’t have to look after me. I’m not a child.”"No, I don't have to." Alec agreed, "But I want to, so just let me."Magnus laughed bitterly. His head lolled back against the wall as he rolled his neck with an audible cracking sound, “They’re going to kill me anyway. This just speeds up the process.”Alec scowled, “Don’t say things like that.”“Did you not hear what your father said?”“I heard,” Alec said stiffly, “That my brother has probably gotten himself into something he can’t get out of. He does things like this all the time. I’ll find him, and bring him back, and no one has to… no one else has to die.”He removed Magnus’ shirt, prying it off of his shoulders until the purpling bruise over his ribs came into view, “...Magnus.”Magnus’ eyes fluttered shut, “It’s bad.”“It’s…” Worse than bad, “I’ll get you help. I’ll-”Alec broke off when Magnus pulled his hand away from where it’d been resting lightly just below the bruise. Magnus waved him away, “Leave it.”“Magnus-”“Leave me, Alec.” Magnus said firmly, “Go. Find your brother. Make amends with your father. I’m dead anyway.”“I’m getting you out of here.”“How?” Magnus demanded. He opened his eyes, and he looked not angry but resigned, which was the last thing Alec wanted to see, “They’ll never let me past the gates, and I’m not exactly capable of running-”Alec tightened his grip on the shirt to keep himself from slamming his hand against the wall, “I’ll figure it out, damn it!”Magnus fell quiet, his shock at Alec’s outburst evident. For a long moment, there was nothing to be heard in the room aside from their breathing. Alec felt like he was free-falling, desperately seeking the ground -an end- and finding none. He wasn’t sure how much more he could take before he finally tipped over the edge he was so precariously perched upon, so consumed he was by this feeling of utter helplessness.“You can’t die.” He whispered, his eyes finding Magnus', “I won’t let you die.”Magnus stared at him, and though he didn't give an immediate response Alec could see him trying to piece one together. Alec sat back on his haunches and rubbed a hand over his face just as Magnus released the one he’d been holding onto. Alec watched as their last point of contact separated, his chest constricting tightly at the loss.“Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Alexander.” Magnus said.He closed his eyes again, blocking Alec out, and Alec knew that their conversation was over.Isabelle raised a hand to knock at the door of Clary and Jocelyn’s townhouse. She was disobeying direct orders by being here, but she felt as though she was owed a bit of leeway given that for the past couple of days, she seemed to be the only one in her family that paid any mind to things like rules. It was an odd situation to be in. Usually, she was the rule breaker, or Jace. Alec had always been the one who had his head on right. Her fingers twisted, plucking lightly at the fabric of her dress- a nervous habit she’d picked up as a child and never succeeded in breaking out of despite her mother always scowling at her when she did it.She told herself that she didn’t have any reason to be nervous. Jace had always had a penchant for trouble and for making those around him needlessly worry, and so Isabelle allowed herself a few more seconds of wishful thinking: Jace was just on the other side of this door, safe and sound, and he would return with her to the palace to clear up what Isabelle knew was nothing more than a misunderstanding. Perhaps he and Clary had slept in late and his horse had gotten away, and he hadn’t had a chance to realize it yet. She realized now, through the single-minded desperation that had led her to leaving the palace to come here in the first place, that she needed Jace to be okay. Max had withdrawn into himself during Maryse’s illness and considered himself to be on the warpath of everyone else in the palace, and Alec was hiding so many things that Isabelle felt as though she no longer knew him at all. She needed at least one of her brothers to be okay, and to be on her side.The look of stricken horror on Clary’s face as she opened the door and saw Isabelle standing there did nothing to ease her worries. She had left the palace as soon as she’d received the news, wanting to reach Clary before anyone else was sent to question her. She hadn’t been able to sit quietly and patiently and wait like she was told to do.Not anymore.“Izzy?” Clary questioned. Isabelle wore a dark hood she had pulled over her head in an attempt to fend off anyone that might have noticed her on the way here. For once, she was not in the mood to be looked at.“Where is he?” Isabelle asked, forgoing pleasantries entirely and ignoring any guilt she felt at doing so. She liked Clary. Once, the girl had been her best friend. Now, her stomach only twisted itself into knots as she peered into the house, but Clary had not opened the door enough for Isabelle to see much more than the wall behind her. There was a portrait of Clary as a child hanging from it, and Isabelle’s eyes lingered on it for a while before Clary responded.“Where’s who?” She asked. Clary’s brows furrowed deeply, and she seemed almost confused that Isabelle would be here, though Isabelle had no idea why. Clary knew that she was well aware of her relationship with Jace.“Jace.” She said irritably. When Clary didn’t respond immediately, Isabelle rolled her eyes and pushed her way inside, Clary stepping aside to let her in without a fuss. The door closed behind them a few seconds later, and Isabelle heard the sound of a latch being slid into place as Clary locked it.Clary lived on the far end of Alicante, in a small townhouse perched at the edge of a canal. It was nice enough, though Isabelle still had memories from their childhood of Morgenstern Manor, the house Clary had lived in before, and she couldn’t help but wonder how anyone could ever make the adjustment from living like that to living like this. She turned to look at the portrait of Clary that she’d seen on the wall- she would have been around nine when Jocelyn had painted it. Isabelle remembered it, and she recognized the sitting room of the now vacant Morgenstern Manor easily. Clary was perched on one of the big chairs -much too big for her small size- in a dress that was the same pretty green color as her eyes. She remembered clearly how much they’d loved to play in that room, jumping from one chair to the other and having the time of their lives, completely unaware of the horror that would await them only a few short years down the line.“Isabelle?” Clary asked as she stepped into her line of view. Isabelle turned away from her. The house was almost eerily silent. All of the curtains were pulled down in front of the windows, removing all natural sources of light that might have entered. It gave Isabelle a horrible feeling that she forced herself to ignore. "I'm sorry for the darkness." Clary said, shifting on her feet, "My mother has a guest over and- never mind. Did they send you to take me? That's a bit cruel, don't you think?"It was Isabelle’s turn to hold the confusion card. Her mouth turned down into a frown as she asked, “What?”Clary looked up at her with an odd expression on her face, “When no-one came for me last night, I assumed they were just trying to lure me into some false sense of security. Maybe questioning Jace first-”Isabelle raised a hand and drew the hood off of her head, “Clary. I’m not here to turn you over to the Guards.”Clary paused, and so did Isabelle. She heard the sound of movement from the side of her and turned towards it, unsurprised to find Jocelyn. Jocelyn Fray was tall and willowy, the features of her face sharply defined. She was still beautiful, though over the years she’d grown increasingly sullen; no doubt the result of her fall from grace and being made to shoulder the burden of her husband’s crimes. Jocelyn watched Isabelle now with hardly concealed displeasure.“Your Highness.” She said stiffly, not waiting for Isabelle to acknowledge her greeting before she turned to her daughter, “Clarissa. May I speak with you, in the kitchen?”Clary looked at Isabelle. There was a haunted look on her face that had been there since there initial conversation. “Why are you here, Isabelle?” She asked slowly.“Yes.” Jocelyn said, “I would like to know that, too.”With a sinking feeling in her chest, Isabelle looked around. She was starting to come to a horrible conclusion.“Jace snuck out last night.” She said, “He didn’t come back, and his horse just showed up at the palace gates unattended. We thought that he’d come to see you.”The color drained entirely from Clary’s face, “No. No, he didn’t. Jace was never here.”Isabelle felt something cold wash over her. That couldn’t be true. Of course Jace had come here- where else would he have gone? And where was Alec-“Jace?” Jocelyn asked. Isabelle watched her; she’d almost forgotten that Jocelyn was here, and she could hardly hear her now through the ringing in her ears.“Why would Jace Herondale be coming to see you?" Jocelyn demanded. Clary didn’t respond. Her eyes were wide with confusion of her own. She didn’t appear to have heard her mother at all.From the room behind Jocelyn there was the dulled sound of something falling to the floor and breaking apart. It startled Clary out of her momentary spell, enough that she almost instinctively began moving towards it. Isabelle reached out and grabbed onto her wrist, stopping her.“Who else is here?” Isabelle asked, her voice a whispered demand."That's none of your concern." Jocelyn snapped. She was watching them, watching Clary, but her eyes flickered down the hall and she pulled herself away from the wall slightly. She appeared to be stuck between going towards whatever -whoever- had made the sound and staying here, with them. She didn’t trust Isabelle at all, that much was evident, and Isabelle couldn’t even really blame her.Clary shook her head, "I-"A woman’s voice cut her off mid-word, “Jocelyn!” With one last panicked look at Clary and Isabelle, Jocelyn fled down the hall. Isabelle released Clary’s wrist and ran after her, ignoring Clary’s attempts to call her back.Alec leaned against a wall, unable to make his feet go any further.He’d left Magnus’ cell and begrudgingly locked it, refusing to meet the man’s eyes as he did. There had been nothing more said by either of them, though Alec couldn't get the look of resignation on Magnus’ face as he’d turned and walked away out of his mind. He’d stopped halfway out of the building, feeling as though he were breaking apart by the seams and like a single step further would undo him entirely. He didn’t want to leave Magnus here alone where he was in danger. He didn’t want to face Robert after what they'd said to each other. He didn’t want to be anywhere near Michael, who he knew had undoubtedly played a role in Magnus’ torture. He didn’t want to accept the fact that his mother truly was dying, and that there was nothing else Alec could do to prevent it. He didn’t want to go outside and face the possibility that he wouldn’t find Jace in time, and he didn't want to listen to the ugly voice in the back of his head that insisted Magnus was lying about not knowing anything. He thought back to himself just a little over a year ago, the night he’d met Magnus. Just a little bit of fun, he’d told himself. How stupid could he have been, to not figure this out sooner?“Your Highness?”He turned, and was not surprised to see Lydia standing in front of him though he hadn’t even noticed her approaching.“I’m sorry.” He blurted out. At Lydia’s look of confusion he continued, “For dragging you into this. For getting you caught. For- for all of it, Lydia. I’m sorry.”Lydia appeared at a loss for what to say. She stared at him for a long while, until it became too much for Alec and he turned away from her, casting his gaze downwards again. He didn’t think he could bear it if Lydia hated him too, but he would understand if she did.Instead of walking away however, Lydia came closer to him until they were standing side by side. She leaned back against the wall with him.“There was a boy once.” She said. Alec stiffened. Lydia was not looking at him, pointedly avoiding meeting his eyes as she took a deep, ragged breath and continued, “His name was John. I loved him more than anyone I'd ever loved before, and he felt the same about me. We'd planned to get married once we'd saved enough money for it."Alec could hear the undeniable pain in her voice, though she tried to mask it under a layer of stoicism. She spoke as though each word was being ripped from her, each one causing her an insurmountable amount of pain to endure.When she spoke again, her voice was low, “He found out about magic somehow. I didn’t know anything about it back then so I put all of my trust into him. I thought that, for the most part, it was just a harmless fascination, and it made him so happy to learn about it. I never voiced any of my concerns, even as I watched his obsession with it grow. He was convinced that he could teach it to himself and then help other people learn as well. He had such amazing plans; curing sickness, helping people who needed it, I thought... who was I to tell him he couldn't do that? So I left him.”“And then I found him one night laying on the floor in his house and surrounded by what I figured had been a spell gone wrong. They often did with him, no matter how much he tried to get it all right. But this time he wouldn’t wake up. I… I spent so long with him, trying to get him to breathe again, to open his eyes, to do anything. But he just… he died. Horribly and all alone. Whatever magic he’d found had killed him.”Alec let out a low breath, “Is that- is that why you joined the Guard?”Lydia nodded slowly, “I couldn’t stay there, where everything reminded me of him. So when I turned eighteen a few months after his death, I came here. It gave me something to do, something to take my mind off of him.”“Lydia…” Alec didn’t know what to say. His heart hurt for Lydia. He’d always wanted to know more about her past and the person who she’d been before, but he he'd never imagined she’d gone through anything so horrible. “I know that you want to believe Magnus is innocent.” Lydia said, and suddenly it became extremely clear to Alec why she’d told him all of this now, “But I have to warn you. Magic is dangerous. It’s led to so much death and so much pain. There was a reason for the Great War, Your Highness. Idris might not survive another battle of its kind.”That voice he’d been trying so hard to get rid of came back full force. Of course, he knew this. He knew that he couldn’t trust Magnus, and he knew that there was way more to magic than he was aware. His own ignorance had already gotten both himself and everyone else into so much trouble that he knew he should now be steering clear of anything that could make it worse. He should be on his father’s side, on Michael’s side- they were the people that he had grown up around and who were meant to have his best interest in mind.But still. He could not bring himself to completely disregard all the time he had shared with Magnus. He felt it like an iron chain around his heart tugging him back in Magnus’ direction, and he didn’t know what to do with that. He couldn't ignore it- when had that ever worked before?“I need to find Jace.” He choked out. Lydia was not crying, but her eyes had started to glisten during her story. Alec could see how much she had cared for this John. It may have been a long time ago since he’d died, but Lydia had clearly never fallen out of love with him. She pulled herself up and wiped at her eyes with the back of her hand, and the small crack in her composure that had appeared briefly was sewn back up right before Alec’s eyes.“Okay.” She said with a sniff, “I’ll help you.”“Lydia-”“I’m going with you, Your Highness.” She said firmly, “Unless you order me to stay away, I’m going with you.”Alec felt the corner of his mouth being tugged up. He wasn’t smiling, not really; he still felt too weighed down by his worries for that. But it was something.“Do you really like spending this much time with me?” He asked, “Or are you just avoiding the palace?”Lydia returned his half smile, “I’m doing my job.”“You’re doing more than your job.” Alec corrected, “And I can’t thank you enough for it.”Lydia opened her mouth to respond, probably to refuse Alec’s attempt at gratitude, but she was interrupted by Andrew Underhill appearing around the corner. He was doubled over slightly, a hand pressed against the wall as though he had run here. Alec stood up straighter, immediately alert, and Lydia’s entire posture became rigid.“There’s an emergency.” Andrew said, “Something is happening down in the city.”“Isabelle-"Isabelle ignored Clary and yanked open the door that Jocelyn had disappeared into.She found her easily, though neither Jocelyn nor the woman standing beside her paid Isabelle any mind. It was a small sitting room, and the source of the noise that had interrupted them was easily found- the broken remains of what was once a tea-cup were scattered across the floor at the feet of Jocelyn’s guest- someone that Isabelle recognized instantly. The small flicker of hope she’d had that it would be Jace died out at once, leaving only confusion in its place.“Tessa?” She asked. Tessa Gray turned to her, but didn’t appear to return Isabelle’s surprise. She looked oddly pale, holding herself up with a hand gripping tightly at the table beside her, her breaths coming out in shallow pants.Isabelle moved further into the room, “What-?”And then she looked outside. Her question cut itself off with a small gasp, her hand flying up to press over her mouth.The windows were opened in this room enough that she could see through them, and Isabelle stared out of it in horror. Darkness. As far as Isabelle could see, which wasn’t very, what looked like a thick fog had started spreading across the city. She stood frozen to the spot, unable to get her limbs to move themselves. It was unlike anything she'd ever seen; some of it had started to seep into the house now -smoke as black as the night- as Isabelle watched Tessa and Jocelyn slam the window shut in front of them and yell for Clary and Isabelle to go through the house doing the same.Clary darted from the room and after a few moments, Isabelle stumbled after her. Up the stairs. Closing more windows. It was worse up here- she could see more from this height. Whatever it was was moving swiftly, blanketing the entire city in a cloud of darkness, and it brought Isabelle to a stop again as she saw the towering structure of the palace in the distance, her view of it almost entirely obscured.She knew that she should be following and helping Clary, but all she could do was stare out of the window. Her hands shook at her sides. The Fog was moving outwards, rapidly blocking out everything from her sight. She could hear the sounds of people outside, crying out as they too became aware of what was happening. She had never seen anything like this.Isabelle backed away from the window slowly, almost tripping over the rug on the floor as she went. She caught herself against a wall.“Clary!” She called. She darted out of the room and through the hall, but Clary wasn’t who she found. Tessa Gray stood at the top of the staircase. She froze when she saw Isabelle, an unreadable expression on her face.“Tessa.” Jocelyn said, appearing behind her on her own way up the stairs. She reached out to touch the other woman on her arm gently, trying to get her attention. In the back of Isabelle’s mind, the part that wasn’t concerned with what was happening outside, she noted that Jocelyn and Tessa, strangely enough, appeared very close.Jocelyn ignored Isabelle entirely, and Clary came out of the room she’d been in to join them.“What is this?” Clary demanded, looking around wildly as though one of them was meant to have the answer. Tessa's gaze lingered hesitantly on Isabelle before she turned to face Jocelyn. There was a thin layer of sweat on Tessa's forehead, and the grip she held on the staircase railing was deathly tight. “What’s happening?” Jocelyn asked, in a slightly more subdued tone than Clary had used, “I- this is-”“Yes.” Tessa said somberly. She looked out of the window, and Isabelle followed her line of sight with a small, disturbed sound of her own. They couldn't see anything at all now; the window had been covered entirely, as dark as if someone had taken a brush of black paint to it. Tessa looked between the three of them.“I don’t know how.” She said, her voice shaking slightly, “But the Adamas around the city has stopped working. This is magic.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
   Part Two 
 Magnus felt the change in the air.It was small enough that, when it first happened, he convinced himself that it was nothing more than his mind playing tricks on him. His pain addled brain drawing from his desperation for freedom. He had let himself crumble apart once Alec left, the familiar sound of Alec's footsteps taking him away from the cell and further down the hall until he had disappeared from Magnus' range of sight and hearing entirely. Once he'd been sure that Alec wasn't coming back, and once he'd successfully quelled that small, aching piece of himself that hoped that Alec might come back, Magnus had finally given in. He’d keeled over, breathing heavily against the ground, forcing himself not to make too much noise lest someone hear him or come running back to see him this way. Instead, Magnus covered his face with his arms, biting into the fabric of his shirt sleeve as he took deep, steadying breaths- one after the other, the way he'd taught himself to. He fought the urge to scream out as every detail of Alec’s visit replayed itself in his mind; Alec’s fingers against him, ghosting over his skin as though he was both afraid to touch him and couldn’t get enough at the same time. Alec’s eyes, dark with words left unspoken, making clear his own fear and frustrations at all that had been said. Magnus had wanted to enjoy it- whatever pain Alec was being made to endure surely made a fitting trade given all that Magnus had been put through because of him. But all he could think of as he'd watched Alec walked away was that he wished he had the right answers. For both of their sakes.He had been in this cell for a good amount of time, but he’d yet to get used to the feeling of Adamas; It was an insistent and constant pressure weighing down on him, like a brick wall surrounding whatever inside of him held his magic, keeping him locked out and unable to reach it no matter how hard he tried. Magic was such an essential part of his being that without it, Magnus felt like the very core of himself had been dug out. His body knew that something was missing. So when it first came back to him, that low buzzing of energy against his skin, he didn’t dare to believe it. His fingers flexed around it, an instinctive response to what felt like fire coursing through his veins, a steady, beating pulse inside of him. The air around him crackled, something twisting around it that hadn’t been there just a few moments before. Magnus scrambled upright, the blue sparks at his fingertips unmistakable as he raised his hands up in front of himself. Magic. And then there were voices, the sound of footsteps approaching yet again. When the ashen faces of the Guards appeared at the front of his cell, their hands clutching at swords and spears, Magnus didn’t hesitate. He gave in to it all. His confusion, his pain, his rage- he extended his arm and drew from every last reservoir of energy he still had in him, throwing a ball of blue fire towards them. It blew at the gates of the cell, bouncing off of the walls and rattling the bars in waves. Magnus watched as the Guards fell back with shouts of terror, their eyes opening wide, and all five of them dropped to the ground rather unceremoniously.He felt nothing but a weight being lifted off of his chest as he realized what this meant, even as he was burdened with questions as to how it could have happened. He had a horrible feeling that he already knew the answer to that.            A storm raged around them as the carriage pushed its way through Alicante. The city was almost unrecognizable, covered in thick smoke so dark barely anything could be seen through it. Alec knew that they were being led back to the palace by four Guards on either side of them, the coachman making his way through with their direction. Lydia sat beside him, plastered to her window and squinting through it, though Alec had long since given up trying to do the same. He watched as she eventually flopped back into her seat, hands clenched tightly in her lap and looking up at him with concern.He could hear the words that she wanted to say, even if she did not dare say them out loud. The Guards were calling this a Fog, but Alec knew deep within himself that it was much more than that and he was sure Lydia did as well. There was something sinister, something magical, at play here. He could not help the way his mind occasionally ran back to Magnus, though he tried hard to fight against it. Alec had tried going back to him, and he'd been practically dragged away by the Guards who insisted he needed to get to the palace as quickly as possible. He didn't want to think of Magnus alone, in his cell, or the fact that the Guards would probably hurt him once they too began to figure out that there was magic involved in whatever this was. He was only narrowly resisting ordering the carriage to be turned around to take him back there, if only because he knew that they would never allow it. He was being driven back to the palace on Robert’s orders.“We’re stopping.” Lydia said suddenly, drawing Alec back to himself. He sat up and pulled back his own curtain, peering outside of the carriage and trying to determine where they were. They couldn’t have made it back to the palace already- they were moving far too slowly for that. Out of the corner of his eye, Alec saw Lydia reaching for one of the blades strapped to her belt. He could see movement, the barely visible outline of people standing just outside the door, and muffled voices. The door was flung open without warning, but neither him nor Lydia had time to ask questions or even react fully as three people were ushered inside, clambering in one after the other. Alec stared. Smoke had already begun to enter the small space of the carriage before the door was slammed shut again, and sitting opposite him now was his sister, flanked on either side by Clary and Jocelyn Fray. Alec didn’t think he had it in him for any more unexpectedness today.Isabelle visibly stiffened as her eyes landed on Alec and Lydia. She didn’t look any more pleased with the situation than Alec was, and she settled into her seat with a frown as the carriage began moving again. She said something to Clary that Alec couldn't hear, but Jocelyn looked affronted at whatever it had been.“We can’t go to the palace.” She said incredulously. She turned to her daughter, as though expecting a statement of agreement, but Clary said nothing. Alec turned to his sister with a questioning look, and Isabelle averted her gaze away from him.“I went to look for Jace.” She said, answering his unspoken question. Her voice wavered slightly with something that Alec couldn’t quite decipher. Alec watched her. He knew, without it even needing to be said, that she hadn’t found their brother, and the sick feeling in the pit of his stomach began to return with full force.Clary’s eyes darkened with worry, confirming Alec’s fears. Alec shook his head before she could say anything. He didn't want to hear the words.“I thought he was with you.” He said. He sounded defeated even to his own ears, leaning back into his seat as the carriage fell into a morbid sort of silence. The full weight of Jace’s disappearance settled in around them, and Alec slammed his hand against the carriage wall with a loud swear.“So where the fuck is he?” He demanded, directing his question to no one in particular. It had been almost an entire day. Jace often acted impulsively, but he would never go anywhere for that long without telling anyone.“He has to be around somewhere.” Isabelle said weakly, “He wouldn’t have gone off far. He wouldn’t have left the city.”Clary tried, and failed, to hide her miniscule reaction to Isabelle's words. Alec turned to her with barely concealed suspicion that Isabelle glared at him for.“It’s nothing,” Clary said quickly as all eyes fell to her. She was lying; She had never been a great liar. She was like Jace in that regard, wearing each one of her emotions on her sleeve. He had never been particularly close to Clary, and each time he had cause to be around her he was reminded of the reasons why. He found her to be merely tolerable most of the time. He didn’t know what Jace saw in her aside from the fact that she liked to bring out the very worst of his recklessness.“Clary.” Alec growled. He was losing his patience for not being told things, for being lied to so obviously about shit that he should know. Jace was his brother. Before, he’d reasoned with himself that he hadn’t told either Jace or Isabelle the truth of his escapades in an attempt to keep them safe, saying that he could gamble with his own safety but not with theirs. But if he were being entirely honest, he had never truly believed any of that. He’d never thought there could be any reality in what he’d been told about magic and the dangers of the Woods. He had only wanted to keep Brocelind as his own sanctuary, safe from the corrupted touch of his life in the palace.Now, he thought back to all he had seen last night, and the thought of any of his siblings going anywhere near Brocelind Woods wasn’t just bothersome. Now, he had a real reason to fear it. The Woods were no longer a sanctuary; Asmodeus was out there. Asmodeus, who was cruel enough to hand over his own son to his enemies- to the people he knew wanted them both dead. What could someone like that do to Jace?And if they didn’t find Jace within the next day...Clary hesitated still. Jocelyn was looking at her again, her hands twitching where they were curled tightly around the curtain. She seemed caught between wanting to push the issue of them not going to the palace and reaching out to offer Clary some kind of comfort. For a brief, unbidden second, it made Alec recall his own mother. He had not seen Jocelyn this close up since before the incident at Herondale Manor.“Clary is on our side.” Isabelle spoke angrily, “She wants to find Jace just as badly as we do.”“And yet, she won't tell us what she knows.” Alec said with a pointed look. He kept his eyes on Clary. He wanted to trust her. He wanted to see the girl that his brother and sister were so enraptured by. But he didn’t. Clary, when she finally spoke, was so quiet that the words were barely audible.“We had been talking.” She said, looking down at the floor, “We had been planning to run away from Alicante. Maybe leave Idris entirely. We wanted to go somewhere where no one knew who we were and where we could be together openly.”Jocelyn gasped, "Clary."Alec stared at her, his heart dropping right out of his chest. And still, he would be lying if he said that the words were a complete shock to him. Clary and Jocelyn were banned from leaving Alicante, but Alec sometimes wondered why they'd never tried to escape even after Valentine’s death. He couldn’t imagine that they enjoyed living here, where nasty side-eyes and ugly whispers followed them wherever they went, facing the judgement of people who had never known them as separate from Valentine... and the people who had known them but chose to judge them anyway.Alec's relationship with Clary was basically non-existent. He’d been the only one of his siblings to adhere to the rules about cutting them off entirely; the pressure on him to conform was too great to do anything else. But still, there was a part of him that was grateful they stayed. Even if he couldn't stand Clary, his brother loved her with all that he was. Alec knew without a doubt that if Clary ever left Alicante, Jace would find a way to go with her.“But we weren’t going to leave yet.” Clary said urgently, seeing the look on everyone's faces, “It was only planning. I don’t know where he could have gone.”The carriage drew to another stop before Alec could say anything in response, and this time there were three knocks at the window signaling that they had arrived back at the palace. The silence had settled in around them again, and Alec’s limbs felt heavy like lead when he thought of moving to go anywhere. He could feel Lydia’s eyes on him.“You can’t stay here.” He said instead. He didn’t look at either Isabelle or Clary as he spoke, not wanting to see their crestfallen looks, "Jocelyn was right, you shouldn't have come here."It was Isabelle who responded, “I insisted they come.”“Izzy-”“I insisted Clary come.” Isabelle amended, with a distasteful glance in Jocelyn's direction, “Jocelyn demanded she follow us.”Alec’s mouth pressed into a thin line, “We can’t keep them here-”“Have you seen the city?” Isabelle pleaded, “Alec, they can’t stay at their house. Jace would want them here.”“You’re speaking about him like he’s already dead.” Alec said stiffly. Isabelle recoiled as though she’d been slapped, but Alec didn’t take his words back. He knew that she was right, and at the same time he understood why Jocelyn didn’t want them to stay here. His father would never allow it, and perhaps being turned away by a man she’d once called a friend was something Jocelyn would rather avoid.He saw the look on Isabelle’s face and faltered, reluctantly, “You know the rules, Izzy. And now that Jace is missing, Clary will be held in suspicion. You’ve just brought her to even more danger.”“So talk to Father!” She countered, “Clary can help us find Jace. Who knows him better than she does? Father will listen to you.”Isabelle’s words startled a little laugh out of him, recalling what his father had last said to him at the Gard. I wish you weren’t my heir.“No.” Alec said, shaking his head ruefully, “No he won’t.”He raised his hand and knocked at the window again, letting the Guards know that he was ready to be escorted inside.Isabelle’s eyes hardened, "You're just like him. I used to think it would never happen, but you're exactly like Father."Alec flinched, the words- words he had never wanted to hear, especially from his own sister, cutting him deep."Izzy…" He tried helplessly, but she only turned away from him, taking Clary’s hand in hers. Jocelyn looked at her daughter and then back to Alec, and the door to the carriage was pulled open, one of the Guards reaching in to usher them all outside. Isabelle was the first to leave, and she pulled Clary out with her. The fire in the Great Room roared.Isabelle stood beside it, hands pushed as close as she could get it to the flames without the heat becoming too much as she warmed herself. She was aware of movement all around her, Guards and servants rushing through the room. Occasionally someone would call out to her, asking her if she needed something- food, a drink, a bath or a change of clothing, perhaps? And each time she would shake her head numbly. She stared into the flames, reds and oranges rising up from dark coal. A portrait of their family, completed only a few months ago, hung above the mantle. It seemed like a lifetime ago; everything had been different back then.Clary and Jocelyn had been taken away to some other room in the palace, and Isabelle’s shouting hadn’t been enough to get anyone to tell her where they were taken. Her concern about Jace’s disappearance was rising by the second, and she wished she could talk some more with Clary about where he might have gone. She wanted to go find Max, or to see her mother, but she couldn’t bring herself to move from where she’d stopped in front of the fire. Mostly, she was furious with Alec, who had simply stood there with his jaw set and let Clary and Jocelyn be taken away. He’d told her, again, that he didn’t have a choice, that he was already in enough trouble as it was, and then he'd left to go see their father, who had sent to summon him almost the moment they'd stepped inside.Isabelle had stared after him. She’d never felt further away from her brother than she did recently, and she hated everything about it. Alec had always been private, keeping to himself and hesitant to burden her or anyone else with his problems. But she’d always been able to get through to him eventually. Now, her attempts at getting him to talk were met with only hostility. She felt like she was walking on eggshells around him, always unsure of what to say or what to do. She hated this feeling of not knowing what was going on.And now it was even worse. Now she did know what was going on. Or part of it anyway. Certainly not enough to give her any peace of mind.Tessa Gray hadn’t told them much. She’d seemed reluctant to say anything at all in front of Isabelle and Clary, though it was evident that Jocelyn knew way more than she was letting on. She found herself wondering again about the nature of Tessa’s relationship with Clary and Jocelyn. Tessa’s husband had died in the fire set by Valentine- why was she, of all people, having secret meetings with Valentine’s wife and daughter?And worst of all, Isabelle remembered that single word that had been lingering in her memory since Tessa had first uttered it.Magic, Tessa had said. That’s what she’d called it. Something about Adamas surrounding the city, something that was no longer working. The brief, hushed conversation that had ensued between Jocelyn and Tessa replayed itself in her head as she tried to connect the dots and fit together everything she was missing. She hadn’t heard much else, but she didn’t think she needed to.She remembered Alec looking through the books about magic in the library, the look on his face as he’d done so. The fact that she knew that he’d been visiting Brocelind Woods did nothing to help her state of terror. What had Alec found? What did Tessa know about it?And how was Lydia involved with it?Lydia, who was now more like a stranger to Isabelle than she’d ever been. Lydia, who’d also been pulling away from her, refusing to look at her or get too close to her. She’d watched Lydia disappear almost as soon as they’d stepped into the palace, desperate to call out to her and yet refusing to do it- she didn’t know which version of her imagined outcome would have been worse. Lydia ignoring her entirely, or Lydia stopping only because she felt like she had no choice. Isabelle had asked her to escort them into the city the other day as a last, pathetic attempt at reconciliation. It hadn't worked, and it had left her feeling the rift between them even worse than it had been before. But Lydia knew something. She’d been spending too much time with Alec- she had to know something.“Isabelle.”She froze, the tension in the room suddenly thick enough to slice with a knife. Behind her, Alec took a hesitant step forward. Isabelle said nothing. She didn’t react as Alec came to a stand beside her, looking down at her. She didn’t look at him. If she did, her defenses would be broken down. And she didn’t want that.“Izzy…” Alec pleaded. And Isabelle, though she desperately wished that she hadn’t, heard the slight crack in his voice and knew immediately what it meant. She’d seen him in the carriage ride here, his shoulders drawn tight, face hard, something dark hovering over him. Even though she was mad at him, furious with him, a part of her heart still reached towards him, and hated to see him in any pain. Wherever Alec had been coming from, whatever had happened there, had been made only worse by his meeting with Robert just now, and Isabelle knew how mindlessly cruel her father could be at times like this.Alec took a deep breath, “Can we talk? Please?”She broke then. Her hands dropped and she turned to him, her heart clenching painfully for what she saw. "What did Father say to you?" Isabelle demanded, getting to her feet.Alec made a harsh sound that Isabelle realized was meant to be a laugh. "More of the usual." Alec said, "That I'm a terrible son, that I'm unfit to be King, that I'm the reason for Mother's illness."Isabelle, horrified, rushed forward, "He didn't actually say that-?"Alec's eyes were dark and entirely serious."Why would he even say something like that-" Isabelle began, fury coursing through her. "Because it's true." Alec cut her off. He ran a hand over his face and sighed heavily, "We need to talk."“Oh, Alec.” Isabelle sighed. This was why, she thought. This was why she hadn’t looked at first. She was weak in the face of her brother’s suffering, and she was tired of being weak.Alec looked tired. Something was clearly troubling him. Whatever was happening, something was very, very wrong. And somehow- Alec blamed himself for it. She wanted to be there for him, even though he’d spent so much time these past few days pushing her away. She told herself that that didn’t matter anymore. He was here now, and he wanted to talk now, and with Jace gone and Max so angry with them both, they were all each other had.“Okay.” She said quietly, "Then let's talk."“It doesn’t appear to have spread further than Alicante.” Raj said, holding the door to the Armory open for Lydia to enter. She nodded to him in acknowledgement but gave no verbal response. Her eyes scanned the room, taking in the weapons lining the walls.“Michael wants to meet with all of us in a few minutes.” Raj continued, once he’d seemingly become aware that Lydia had no intentions of responding to him. She walked over to the case holding her favorite set of blades, plucking two out of their places and turning them over in her hands. They'd recently been sharpened, which was good.“Apparently something happened with the warlock prisoner.” Raj said, sounding like a child who'd just been given a great gift, “No one knows for sure what's happening. They’re trying to get everyone off of the streets. I’m just happy that I wasn’t sent out there. Do you think he escaped? The warlock, I mean.”Lydia had no doubt that he had. If the Adamas protecting the city really had stopped working like some of the Guards were saying, then the warlock would have every advantage over them. She slipped the blades into her belt, joining it with the others, and turned back to Raj.“No.” She said, “The building is fortified. Our Guards have received only the best training. He’s secure.”Raj gave her a lopsided smile, “That’s what I’ve been saying.”“Of course,” He continued, “There is the issue of the Prince to worry about.”Something cold ran down Lydia’s back, but she hid it well as she asked, “What about the Prince?”“Haven’t you heard?” Raj asked. His face lit up. He was clearly taking much joy in apparently knowing something that she didn’t. Raj leaned closer to her, whispering conspiratorially, “The prince has been fucking him.”Lydia’s face twisted at his crassness, her teeth grinding together as she pulled away from him as quickly as she could, “I’m sure that that isn’t true.”Raj snorted, “And I’m sure that it is. You know the rumors, Lydia. He’s always been… well. You know.”Lydia turned back to the wall. She stared at it for a long while, and then moved over to another shelf. She pulled one of the short swords down and allowed herself, for one morbid second, to imagine running the blade through Raj’s neck. She was immediately disgusted with herself for it.“No.” She said, “I don’t know.”She walked out of the room without waiting for Raj’s response, letting the door slam behind her on her way out, perhaps a bit louder than was necessary.Lydia stood at the back of the meeting room, leaning against the wall under an alcove and trying, with little success, to drown out Michael’s booming voice.She had been right, and in this singular occasion she wished that she hadn’t been. The warlock had escaped, taking with him the lives of eight Guards and injuring another three, who'd been the ones to confirm what had happened. For each name that was listed off, Lydia was sent further back to that night so many years ago- finding John lying unconscious and unresponsive to her begging for him to wake up. Though no one in this room knew it, she was perhaps the only one that had any actual experience dealing with magic. It was the reason she knew that everyone in this room, including Michael, was greatly underestimating what they were currently up against.“Everyone within the city has been secured in their homes, or provided other suitable accommodation for as long as they need it.” Michael spoke, “We’re currently looking into evacuation, a process that will begin if this situation persists over the next two days.”A loud wave of disagreement rose up, protests about that being too far away and others about it being too quickly. Lydia tuned them out. She nestled herself further into her alcove, forcing herself to stay in the present if only because it was preferable to slipping back into her past. She had opened up old wounds telling Alec about John. She had sworn to never tell a single soul about John when she first came here.But, a voice reminded her, you also swore not to become attached to anyone. And you haven't done that, either.“Why can’t we just ambush them?” One of the Guards shouted, earning himself a few supportive murmurs, “The Iron Sisters-”"It's not just the adamas at the border." Michael cut them off sharply, "It's all of it- all that we had left over from the Great War. The Iron Sisters confirmed that the entire reservoir has been rendered ineffective."Lydia's heart, if it was even possible, sank further. The Iron Sisters were a section of the Guard that was kept a secret from everyone. They were tasked with maintaining the Adamas that protected Alicante. But if all of it had been destroyed...They truly were helpless. The meeting adjourned after another hour of Michael pretending to discuss strategies he had already planned out, detailing what would be happening over the next couple of days and which Guards would be assigned to do what. It didn't escape Lydia’s notice that he didn’t call her name for any of these assigned duties, and it didn’t come as a surprise when, once he’d dismissed everyone else, Michael called out for her to stay back.She watched as the room emptied, briefly meeting Raj’s gaze as he left. He smiled at her, and she didn’t return it. Once everyone was gone and only her and Michael remained, Lydia allowed herself to step out of her alcove. She walked up to Michael, to where he stood beside a tall window. Night had long since fallen, though the sky was barely visible through the thick layer of Fog surrounding them.Michael turned to her, his hands shoved into his pockets, and spoke the words that Lydia feared the most, “You’re off of the Guard.”Her mouth fell open on a sharp intake of breath, the world seeming to suddenly move around her at a much slower pace.“I-” She tried to say, but the words caught in her throat, “I don’t understand.”“You’ve frequently undermined my authority.” Michael said, “You’ve gone behind my back, evaded me, betrayed my trust-”“I didn't mean to-”“The Prince doesn't answer to me, that’s true. But you do, Branwell.” Michael said, “Well, you used to.”Lydia shook her head rapidly. She felt stifled, as though she couldn't breathe, and forced herself to retain some semblance of calmness. Becoming all emotional would not help her. Michael hated tears.“Where will I go?” She asked quietly. She had no family. This was her home. Everything she knew, everything she'd spent the past eight years fighting for, was inside of these walls.“You’re allowed to stay in the dormitories until this situation gets better. If it doesn’t, you’ll be evacuated out of the city with the other residents of Alicante. You’ll be given a place with communal housing while you get your affairs into order.”“Sir.” Lydia choked out, “Please, you can’t… I apologize. I swear it on the Angel that I won’t-”But Michael only turned away from her, his face grave.“I am sorry to see you go, Branwell." He said, "You were one of my best.”“Then give me another chance!” Lydia pleaded. She couldn’t lose this. She had nothing else. There was no other life for her, nothing outside of this palace.“Please.” She tried again, her voice weak.Michael looked at her, and Lydia fell quiet. She could see that he was thinking deeply about something, and she clutched desperately to the small bit of hope that it gave her.“Perhaps,” He said slowly, “There is something you could do.”“Anything.” She agreed readily, “I’ll do anything.”“Alexander trusts you.” Michael said, “He lets you get close to him. And I have no doubt that he will soon be meeting with the warlock again.”Lydia’s face fell. She thought of the way Alec had watched the warlock earlier that day, the magnitude of emotions she had seen on his face. She had a feeling that she knew where this conversation was going, and she knew that she wouldn't like it.Michael seemed to recognize the realization on her face, because his mouth curled up into a sick sort of smile, “When that next happens, ensure that you go with him. I want you to kill the warlock.”Lydia swallowed hard. “The Prince will never forgive me if I do something like that.”“Perhaps not.” Michael agreed, “But he will thank you, given the time and space to see the situation clearly. Right now, he is blinded by his own infatuation. He can’t see the true dangers that the warlock presents to this Kingdom.” Lydia turned away from him, moving to stand near the window. In the glass, she could see the blurred reflection of her own face. Pale blonde hair, dark eyes. Where would she be if she hadn't come here? If John hadn't died? She would be married- they'd always planned to do it as soon as she was old enough. They would be living in his little house near the mountains, with a garden, and they would have a family. They would be happy. The kind of happiness she'd told herself she would never have again.She didn't startle when Michael appeared behind her. She remembered when she'd first arrived on the palace steps, remembered the way he’d not laughed at her when she'd told him why she was there. She’d been expecting it. She’d braced herself to be turned away with a myriad of reasons, too short, too scrawny, not good enough.But Michael had embraced her from that very first day. He’d always seen her potential. He’d pushed her twice as hard as he ever had anyone else, and she’d quickly shown the best possible results.“The Prince doesn’t have what it takes to do what is necessary in this situation.” Michael said, “But you do.”He extended a hand, but Lydia couldn't bring herself to take it. John’s lifeless body flashed before her eyes once again, and this time it was accompanied by an image of Alec in the same position.Of Isabelle.Of all of Alicante.Death and destruction. Pain and suffering. The agony of loss that was so great she could not bear to endure it again.Alec would never forgive her. But he would be safe. Isabelle would be safe. What was one life, when it meant protecting so many others and the people she cared for? She knew magic. She knew that it could not be trusted.Without another thought, she took Michael’s hand, and ignored the voice in the back of her head that told her she would come to regret this.Lydia had not stopped thinking of her and Michael’s conversation as she made her way up the stairs of the palace to Isabelle’s room. She had agreed to Michael’s offer and she didn't regret it, but there was still something pressing at her and urging her to reconsider, or to decline altogether.She chose to ignore it; she still had the position on the Guard that she'd worked so long and so tirelessly for. She was doing the right thing, even if it was hard. The right thing usually was.It was why she was going to see Isabelle.She raised a hand to knock at the door before she could talk herself out of it, and tried not to let the scowl she received when Isabelle opened it shortly after bother her. She deserved it. She deserved much worse.“What are you doing here?” Isabelle asked, standing on the threshold, “I was busy.”She didn’t look busy, but despite the late hour she was still dressed in the clothes she'd worn before, as if she had just come in for the night.“Can I speak with you? Privately?” Lydia asked, bracing herself for a rejection. She fully expected Isabelle to turn her away, but she didn’t. Lydia knew her well enough to recognize the look in her eyes, the one that said that she wanted to refuse her, but couldn’t.Lydia had felt the same way more times than she could count.Isabelle stepped aside after only a small moment of hesitation, and Lydia cast a quick glance at their surroundings before she walked ahead and into the familiar room. Everything about the room looked and felt like Isabelle did: Bright and luxurious.And in the middle of it all stood Isabelle herself, hands folded over her chest and staring at Lydia expectantly.“Are you going to say something?” She asked, “Or did you come all the way up here to stare around at my room in silence.”Lydia looked at her. She wasn’t sure when things between them had fractured so badly that it’d gotten to this point. She was sure that she could figure it out if she really put her mind to it, but she’d been avoiding thinking of all things Isabelle for so long now. It hurt too much to think about. The only thing that had ever hurt her this much was John, and that was perhaps the scariest part of it all.She’d loved John. And he was gone. And she had never fully recovered from losing him.She didn’t have it in her to do it again.That’s why she’d come here. To end this thing between her and Isabelle before it progressed any further. They’d been at a standstill ever since Lydia confessed that she needed time to think it through. Isabelle had given her all the space she’d asked for, until space began to turn into avoidance. And then Isabelle’s coy smiles from across the room and small brushes of their hands when they passed each other in the hallways had turned to keeping their heads straight and changing directions when they saw the other walking, and Lydia had convinced herself it was all for the best, even as she’d never felt worse.“I had a speech.” She said. She huffed out a small laugh. It wasn’t as though Lydia’s past was their only hurdle. Isabelle was a Princess, and Lydia was a Palace Guard. They had countless violations of ethical code stacked against them already. If Michael didn't kick her out of the Guard for helping Alec, he surely would if -when- he learnt about this. It was ridiculous to even entertain the thought of a relationship with Isabelle. And yet that’s exactly what Lydia had done.She’d done more than entertain it.And it had been much more than just a thought.Lydia sighed. The right thing was always hard. But who was to say that this was the right thing? She had been so prepared, coming here, but now she couldn’t bring herself to say the words she’d rehearsed in her mind over a hundred times. She shook her head, quietly berating herself, and turned on her heels with the intention of walking away again, an apology for interrupting Isabelle’s night on her tongue.It was Isabelle who stopped her, her voice soft and accusatory, “Why didn’t you tell me about magic?”Lydia froze. A chill curled at the back of her neck, and when she risked looking at Isabelle again she found her dropping her hands to her side, but she didn’t look away from Lydia for even a second. There was something else there, aside from her anger, in the way that Isabelle looked at her. A flicker of hurt, and of betrayal, that cut at something deep inside of Lydia to think that she’d been the one to cause it.“You knew.” Isabelle said, “Alec told me about Brocelind, about Magnus, about magic- and you knew how much I worried about him, but you never told me any of it.”Lydia had that feeling she assumed people got when they were about to fall off of cliffs, as though whatever cord tethered her to the ground was about to snap and take her down with it, “I wanted to protect you.”It was the wrong thing to say, that much was obvious to her the moment she said it. Isabelle’s expression closed off entirely, “I need everyone to stop protecting me. I am not some stupid child that can't care for herself.”“I know that-” Lydia said haltingly, “Isabelle, you must understand-”John, she thought. She had been thinking of John. She had been thinking of what would happen if yet another person she cared for was exposed to magic and she didn't do everything she could to protect them from it.But Isabelle didn’t know any of that.“I can't do this anymore.” Isabelle said, shaking her head slowly. Her eyes were sad, “You don't trust me. You never have, and I'm starting to think you never ever will.”Lydia lowered her gaze. She couldn’t bear to look at her and see the distress that she had caused. She’s right, Lydia thought. But it was no fault of Isabelle's that Lydia had no place in her heart for trust, or for love.Not the way Isabelle wanted there to be.“I’m sorry.” Lydia said quietly. It was the only thing she could think to say.Isabelle was silent for a long while, and when she spoke again her words were soft, “So am I.”The walk back to the dormitories was silent. The Palace Guards took up residence in the West Building, where the Armory and their training court were located. As she bent the corner leading towards it, Lydia was stopped by rough hands grabbing onto her, the sharp, unmistakable edge of a knife pressing against the base of her throat and cutting off any objections before she even thought to make them.Her assailant stood behind her, holding both of her hands wrenched behind her back. Lydia’s breath came out in ragged, uneven intervals.“Where’s my dagger?” A voice asked her. It was low, and dangerous, and the threat underlying the words was obvious without it even needing to be said. The warlock. “I don’t have it.” Lydia said, trying to keep her panic at bay. The warlock twisted her arms tighter, the blade sinking into her skin just a little bit deeper. One wrong move and she would be cut.“Take me to it.” He said.“Enter!” Alec called absently towards the knock at his bedroom door.He sat on the ledge of his window, where he’d been since coming back from talking with Isabelle, unable to pry his eyes away from the darkness covering Alicante. The palace was high enough above the city that the Fog wasn’t quite as thick where it surrounded them, but there was still enough that Alec had to focus carefully in order to see the ground below his window. In the distance, the highest trees of Brocelind Woods were visible to him, and Alec couldn’t shake the feeling that Jace was somewhere out there, alone and scared and in danger.The handle on the door twisted, opening slowly to reveal Lydia. Alec took one look at her, at the petrified look on her face, and scrambled to his feet. Lydia entered the room, and Alec was already halfway to her by the time another person stepped out from behind the wall.
  Magnus.
Magnus twirled a knife in his hand in a manner that would have seemed careless to someone else, but it was obvious from the tautness with which he held himself that Magnus knew what he was doing. Every movement he made as he followed after Lydia and closed the door behind them both was precise. Controlled. Golden eyes met Alec’s, but Magnus’ expression was unreadable.“Lydia.” Alec said, though he didn’t look away from Magnus as he did, “You should leave.”Magnus raised a brow, but he didn’t object.Still, Lydia hesitated. She glanced between the both of them and then at the knife with a staggering breath, “Your Highness-”“That was an order, Lydia.” He snapped. Lydia recoiled, her mouth closing around the rest of her words. Alec turned to her then. His features softened only fractionally as he added a silent, “Please.”Lydia stared at him for a moment longer, and then her head jerked in half of a nod. She left the room without further argument, and as the door closed shut behind her Magnus raised his hand with a quick snap of his fingers. In the absolute stillness of the room, Alec heard the gentle click as the door was locked. He swallowed hard around his trepidation and took a tentative step forward.It was Magnus, however, who closed most of the distance between them. He moved so quickly Alec almost didn’t have the time to process it, his hands fisting in the front of Alec’s shirt before he yanked him in closer, crashing their lips together in a hard kiss that Magnus immediately took over entirely.By the time that Alec’s brain caught up to what was happening, he was being walked backwards until his back slammed against the wall, Magnus’ body pressing in close to him. He gasped sharply as teeth caught at his bottom lip, his hands circling Magnus’ arms as he opened his mouth and let Magnus slip his tongue in. He let the world around them fall away just enough that his head swam with thoughts of nothing but Magnus. Magnus. Magnus-And then Magnus was pulling away, both of them breathing too heavily. Alec’s head came up off of the wall, chasing after Magnus as he went, only to be stopped with a hand resting firmly against his chest.“My Keris." Magnus said slowly, “You have it?”Alec nodded, “Yes.”Magnus released him. He stepped back, leaving Alec to be held up by nothing but the wall behind him. Alec eyed him. His clothes were still stained with blood, but most of his visible bruises had disappeared and he didn't seem to be struggling to hold himself up anymore.“Your injuries-”“I healed them.” Magnus said, “Catarina will do the rest.”He sounded distant. Cold. And when Alec attempted to move towards him again, Magnus raised a hand with blue fire twisting around his fingertips. A warning.It drew Alec to an immediate stop.“My Keris.” Magnus said pointedly. Alec’s jaw tightened, but he moved over to his closet anyway and retrieved the dagger. Magnus accepted it without a word.“Is this it?” Alec asked, “You’re leaving Brocelind?”Magnus’s hands closed around the Keris. He stared down at it, and did not raise his eyes to meet Alec’s as he answered, “I don’t know.”“My father is alive.” Magnus continued, “For two years, I thought -I hoped- that he was dead. I don’t know what he wants. I don’t know what this darkness over Alicante could be other than very dark magic. The kind of magic he was involved in.”Alec tried to steady his breathing, fear gripping him tightly.Magnus looked at him, “I don’t know how to help your mother, Alexander. And despite what your father seems to think, I had no involvement in your brother’s disappearance.”“Why are you telling me all of this?” Alec asked. Magnus had lied to him and betrayed him before. He couldn’t imagine now that the man cared very much for his well-being. And it was worse now, when he didn’t know whether or not he could even believe what Magnus was saying.“Your father- why would he do this?” Alec asked, “The Great War-”“The history of the Great War, as you know it, was written by Idris. It’s the version that they wanted you to know.” Magnus said stiffly, “Did you really think they would admit to their own atrocities? Take any of the blame for themselves?”Alec shook his head, “You can’t do that. Don’t act like this is- I didn’t even know anything about any of this until a couple of days ago. I’m not-”“And now you do know.” Magnus cut him off. He waved a hand across his thigh and a strap appeared on it, silently slipping the Keris into it as Alec stared at him.“And you won’t help us.” He said without question. He already knew the answer.Magnus, not unexpectedly, laughed, “I have better things to do than involve myself in Idris’ affairs. My first visit into this city wasn’t exactly a welcoming one. And besides, do you even trust me enough to accept my help?”No, Alec thought. No, he didn’t. But it wasn't like he had many other options. The side of Magnus’ mouth quirked up into a smile that didn’t meet his eyes.“Good-bye, Alexander.” He said. He walked towards the window, unlatching and pushing it open before he climbed up onto the ledge. Alec followed after him, a moth to a flame, his heart a heavy stone inside of his chest as he watched Magnus swing his legs over the side of the building.“That’s a long way down.” Alec said. Magnus’ hand came up again, his body twisting enough that he could look back at Alec, watching his reactions as blue magic swirled up around him.“Magnus…” Alec began, the words trailing off. He felt empty.Magnus, however, heard his request without him needing to say it, beckoning him closer with a single finger. As Alec reached him, Magnus leaned in and pressed their lips together again. A slow kiss this time, both of them moving together with the ease and familiarity of two people who knew each other. But they didn’t, did they? Not really. Not at all, maybe. It made Alec long for a time he would now never get back, the memories of all his stolen nights with Magnus seeming so far away.        It was Alec who broke this kiss, when his throat felt too tight and his eyes began to burn, his hands shaking where he held them firmly against the side of his body. Magnus watched him step back, and still Alec could not read anything from the way that Magnus looked at him. Yet another impenetrable wall between them.Without another word, Magnus slipped from the window and dropped to the ground below. Alec saw the shimmer of blue surrounding him as he went, the fog too thick to see anything else.Catarina’s horror when she opened the door to her cottage and saw Magnus on the other side of it was not the reaction he had been hoping for.“Not happy to see me then?” He asked with feigned joviality. Mostly he was just tired. He wasn’t even sure why he’d come here, and he was already beginning to regret it. But still, facing Catarina seemed easier than going back to his house alone. Catarina did not respond, instead gripping him by his upper arms and steering him back out of the house with a whispered demand to be quiet when Magnus tried to question her. With a short glance over her shoulder, she pulled the door shut, leaving them in the darkness.“Magnus,” She said, her voice trembling slightly, “I was beginning to think you’d never return.”“There’s a curse over Alicante, Catarina. The entire city has been plunged into darkness.” Magnus said. He held his Keris in his hand, running his thumb over the patterns on its hilt. For the first time in all these years that he’d had it, it did nothing to ground him."I felt it.” Catarina said, “Your father’s magic.”Magnus sighed, “I swear to you, I had no reason to believe that he was still alive. I would have never asked for your help on the grimoire if I did. I don’t know why he showed up here, after all this time.”Catarina’s response was grave, “I think I might have an idea of what he wants."There was a pause. Magnus’ eyes flickered back to the cottage behind them. There was little sound aside from the small noises of animals in the woods.“Is he in there?” He asked, ignoring the stab of terror that shot through him. Catarina shook her head.“No.” She said, “Elias is. He’s alive, Magnus. Your father brought him back to life.”
  
    Chapter Text
    “How do you know Tessa Gray?” Isabelle asked.
She was standing in one of the palace rooms that was used to house guests, and that Jocelyn and Clary had been given as their own for the duration of their stay here. Isabelle had only barely managed to convince her father to allow it, and she knew he’d only agreed because he wanted to limit all movement throughout Alicante as much as possible, as well as to keep a close eye on Clary and Jocelyn, who he had little trust for, in light of Jace's disappearance.
She had no doubt that they would’ve been escorted to the Gard instead had the situation allowed for it, and Isabelle had kicked up a storm when Michael had flippantly suggested they be placed in the cells in the palace's dungeon. As it was, Jocelyn and Clary’s living situation was not the best. Their room was nicely enough decorated that it didn’t feel like a prison, but it still undeniably was. They were not allowed to leave. Their meals were brought up to them and Guards were stationed outside of their door at all times. Isabelle only had a few minutes alone with them, and she wanted to make them count.
Jocelyn set her jaw, and didn’t look particularly thrilled to be asked this question. Isabelle knew that Clary had already been questioned about her involvement in Jace’s disappearance, all the details of their relationship going back the past several years. Isabelle had seen Jocelyn's face as she’d overlooked it- tight with unspoken fury. If Jocelyn wanted to say anything unkind about her daughter's relationship, she wouldn't do so in front of anyone from the palace, least of all the people who were likely looking for a reason to do much worse than keep Clary locked in a nice bedroom.
“Mother.” Clary pleaded with her from where she sat on the bed. Clary was dressed in one of Isabelle’s dresses, which was too long for her, and Jocelyn in one of Maryse’s old ones, which was still nicer than anything Isabelle had seen her wear in years. She didn’t know how her mother would feel about Jocelyn wearing her clothes and Jocelyn had tried to refuse the first few times Isabelle had offered, but they didn’t have much other choice. 
The first day of the Fog, as the palace had taken to calling it, had passed by both too slowly and too quickly. Isabelle had stayed in her room, leaving only briefly to find Max curled in on himself in the library with a book clutched in his hands. She’d not stayed with him long. He was still mad at her, still worried about their mother and now about Jace, and Isabelle didn’t know how to comfort him. She’d seen Alec, who had finally talked to her the night before but was clearly still avoiding her. Alec had told her about magic, about his trips into Brocelind Woods, and most of all about Magnus Bane, the man he’d been seeing who had turned out to be a Warlock. She knew that Alec blamed himself for what was happening, and she hadn’t been able to convince him not to do so. She didn’t see how it could be his fault. He had been tricked, and lied to, and he was only paying the price for Magnus’ cruelty.
And then there was Lydia. She hadn’t seen Lydia since she’d left her room the night before, and she was trying very hard not to think of her either.
“We need to find Jace.” Clary said to Jocelyn, “If you know something about Tessa-”
“Some things,” Jocelyn said stiffly, “Are better being unknown.”
Isabelle could see that this conversation clearly wasn’t going anywhere worthwhile, and she was losing her grip on her patience for Jocelyn’s refusal to talk. As far as Isabelle knew, no one outside of this room was aware of Tessa knowing about magic. Despite how well Alec got along with her, he’d not spoken as though he suspected anyone he knew, aside from Magnus, of being involved with this.
“You’d rather see Jace come to harm? You’d prefer we let Alicante suffer?” Isabelle asked. She saw Jocelyn flinch at the words, ever so slightly, but her momentary hope that she’d finally gotten through to her was gone in an instant.
“Yes.” Jocelyn said. She stood up, levelling Isabelle with a withering look.
“This city has been cruel to my daughter and I since Valentine’s conviction.” Jocelyn said, “Our innocence was proven, and yet we were outcast for years. I hear the way people talk about us, the way that they look at us. Why would I care what happened to any of them?”
“Well, this certainly isn’t the way to win their favor.” Isabelle snapped. She glanced at Clary and faltered slightly in her momentum, but steeled herself and pushed on, “Tell me what you know about Tessa Gray, or I will personally see to it that everyone in Idris knows what you did.”
Jocelyn stared at her. She looked so much like Clary -with her red hair and green eyes and freckled face- that Isabelle almost felt sad for threatening her this way.
“You wouldn’t.” Jocelyn said finally, “What about Clary-”
“I can attest to Clary's innocence.” Isabelle said, “So can Jace, and Alec. But if you refuse to help us, we won't be able to do the same for you.”
Jocelyn paled, but her fury was evident. Isabelle remembered a time that she’d actually liked Jocelyn, so very long ago.
It took several more moments of silence before Jocelyn said anything else, her chin raised defiantly as she did, “I am not my husband, or your father. I am not needlessly cruel. But I couldn’t tell you about Tessa even if I wanted to. I swore myself to secrecy a long time ago, and for what I received in return it is a promise I refuse to break.”
“And what was that?” Isabelle asked sardonically, but Jocelyn appeared to be entirely serious.
“Nothing that I’m willing to share with you.”
“You-”
The door being opened interrupted her. Isabelle spun around to glare at whoever had opened it, but she stopped short as she saw Lydia, the words dying on her tongue.
“Your Highness, you need to come with me.” Lydia said. She looked directly at Isabelle, sparing little more than a glance in Jocelyn and Clary’s direction. Isabelle crossed her arms over her chest and forced herself to remain calm. Lydia’s presence always threw her off balance, and it was the last thing Isabelle needed right now.
“I’m not finished.” She said in as firm of a voice as she could manage.
Lydia didn’t move, “I’m going to need you to come with me, Your Highness. It’s urgent.”
Isabelle ignored the way that the formality in Lydia’s tone hurt her. She wanted to argue further, to tell Lydia to leave her alone and to refuse to go anywhere with her. She’d been successfully resisting temptation these past couple of days, and she had no intention of changing that now.
But there was something in Lydia’s grim expression that stopped her short. She knew Lydia well enough to recognize when something was seriously troubling her.
“What happened?” She asked. She barely recognized her own voice, her mind already conjuring up the worst. She wasn’t even sure she’d actually spoken. In her peripheral vision, she saw Clary get to her feet.
“I’m sorry.” Lydia said, and for a brief moment Isabelle did not see Lydia, the Palace Guard, the one that had broken her heart, but Lydia. Her Lydia. The one that she had once wanted to love.
“I’m so sorry.” Lydia repeated, “The Queen has-”
Isabelle did not hear the rest of it. She was out of the room and racing down the hall before Lydia could finish.
Magnus plucked his dagger out of where he’d flung it across the room and into the wall. He didn't look behind him at the books scattered across the table in his study, not wanting to see the evidence of his research that had amounted to absolutely nothing.
He had, admittedly, when Catarina had first uttered the words, believed it was nothing more than a sick joke. He’d followed her into the house and allowed her to lead him down a short walkway and into a bedroom at the very back. There, he’d found Elias immediately, saw the slow rise and fall of his chest and the light fluttering of his closed eyelids, and he'd staggered back in shock, fear, and most of all, horror.
“It’s not possible.” He’d said, shaking his head rapidly. Catarina hadn’t replied right away, just exited the room after Magnus and closed the door behind her, urging him back down the walkway as silently as possible.
“He’s been asleep since Asmodeus… brought him back.” She had finally said, her voice hushed as though afraid Elias might overhear. Magnus had begun to pace the floor.
“I wanted to come after you in Idris.” Catarina had continued, “But I couldn’t leave him here alone. I don’t know what this is, Magnus. I’ve never seen anything like this-”
“It’s not possible.” Magnus had repeated firmly, even though he'd seen more than enough evidence to the contrary. What kind of magic was his father dealing with? These things had been forbidden amongst warlocks for centuries, and for good reason. Magnus knew nothing good could ever come out of magic such as this.
“Apparently,” Catarina had said, “Your father found a way to make it possible.”
She’d healed the rest of Magnus’ injuries, both of them completely silent as she worked, Magnus’ skin crawling not just for the feel of someone else's magic being used on him. He’d watched Elias laying on the ground in a pool of his own blood. He’d seen the light fade out of his eyes. The boy had died.
Once Catarina was finished, she’d sent Magnus back to his house and told him to rest. He had gone, numbly, stumbling through the woods with his Keris gripped closely to him until he’d landed in his study, and he hadn’t left since. The sun had risen and was now starting to set again, and Magnus had gone through each and every book, read and reread every line of every page, and he’d found nothing. Nothing at all that could even hint at what his father had done or point him in the direction of how he’d done it.
Necromancy was an ancient practice, and it was considered to be one of the worst forms of magic a person could attempt. It had been performed -albeit with pitiful levels of success- only a handful of times according to any recorded history, which meant that Magnus was largely working with theories and suspicions, things he’d heard throughout his life by word of mouth without any real evidence for any of it. And as he worked, he saw Elias in his mind’s eye, laying on that bed in Catarina’s house and breathing surely and steadily and unnaturally. Magnus’ heart hurt for him. The dead deserved to rest in peace, and Elias did not deserve whatever this was.
Magnus poured himself another glass of the strongest thing that he owned, downing it all in one go and relishing the burn as he did. He stared at the bottle woefully, and not for the first time in his life he cursed the fact that warlocks had such a high tolerance for alcohol. He was wide awake. He knew that any attempt at rest, as he’d been instructed to do, would be futile. All that he could focus on was Elias and his father, the curse over Alicante and the multitude of possibilities as to what it could be, and in the darkest recesses of his mind where he’d pushed aside the things that he absolutely did not want to be thinking about, thoughts of Alexander Lightwood still lingered as well.
The silence of Maryse’s room was broken by a strangled sound escaping Isabelle as she appeared at the door.
Alec looked up from where he sat on the chair next to the bed. Max was cradled in his arms, holding onto him tightly, as he’d been since Alec had brought him down. Alec had been notified by one of the Guards, and he hadn’t wanted to believe it. He'd held unto that disbelief until he’d stumbled into the room blinking through tears and saw the proof himself.
Isabelle stopped at the door as she took in the scene in front of her. Her hands gripped the frame tightly, as though she couldn't bring herself to get any closer to them. Alec understood the feeling.
Max was shaking, small sniffling noises escaping him from where his face was buried in the fabric of Alec’s shirt. Alec knew that Robert was behind them, on the other side of the room. He was standing at the fire, glaring furious daggers into the flames. He’d said nothing the entire time. Neither of them had said anything at all to each other since Alec’s return from the Gard.
Alec didn’t have it in him to be angry about that. He just looked at the bed that his mother was resting on, and he felt numb. He didn’t think he was shocked. How could he have been? Maryse had only been getting progressively worse over the last week, and this was to be expected. Part of him was happy for it, even- happy that she no longer had to suffer in pain while they struggled to find a non-existent cure. But he still couldn't bring himself to look towards the lifeless body of his mother without feeling like he was about to die too.
He’d taken one look at her when he'd come into the room and he'd felt as though his entire world was crumbling apart. He couldn't imagine a world in which Maryse was not there. He didn’t want to live in that world.
Isabelle moved closer to them, her eyes wide with disbelief and the sort of inexplicable grief that one should never have to endure. Not like this. Certainly not yet.
“Izzy…” Alec called to her. His voice was hoarse. Isabelle turned to him, blinking furiously at tears that pushed past her resistance anyway. There was a muted sound of someone else speaking, and Alec turned to see Michael at the door, closing it behind himself as he entered. A small, distant part of Alec’s mind that wasn’t clouded by thoughts of his mother was cognizant of the fact that he should be annoyed at this. Or at least a little bit upset. Michael was not family. He had no right to be in here. But all he could do was watch silently as the man crossed the room and came to a stand at the foot of Maryse’s bed.
“My sincerest apologies to you all.” He said, “The Queen was a remarkable woman. She did not deserve this fate.”
Alec swallowed hard against the lump in his throat. His eyes were burning him, and Max’s fingers pressed sharply into his side at Michael’s words. Robert approached them slowly as Isabelle slumped against the bed, cradling Maryse’s grey face in her trembling hands.
“Thank you, Michael.” Robert said. There was something distant in his voice. A low tremor of sadness. Alec believed that there had been a time, once, when his father had truly loved his mother, and he found himself now wondering what had changed between them to end that love. He wondered if any part of that love still remained today- if Robert was mourning Maryse as a partner and as a husband should mourn his wife, or if he simply regarded her as someone that he knew and lived with and was bound to by nothing other than law and honor.
“The warlocks were responsible for this.” Michael said, placing a hand on Robert’s shoulder, “They will pay for this. I swear it on the Angel, my friend.”
Robert did not respond, but Alec watched the way his face hardened slightly with resolution.
Instantly, panic rose up inside of Alec, though he was careful not to show it, and he pushed down the sick thought that had been plaguing him every hour of the day since Magnus had snuck out of his window: That Magnus had been lying to him about this as well, and that he actually had been involved somehow in Maryse's death.
All was still and silent in the room once more, no noise other than Max and Isabelle’s crying. In Max’s hand, he held a wooden soldier toy that Jace had gifted to him several years ago, and Alec was hit with the realization that they had perhaps lost not only one member of their family, but two. How much more loss would they be made to endure?
“Ave Atque Vale.” Robert said. His hand pressed lightly over Maryse’s heart.
A heart that would never beat again.
The other occupants of the room followed, “Ave Atque Vale. Hail and Farewell, Maryse Lightwood.”
Later that evening, when his mother’s nurses finally came into the room to care for her body, Alec slipped away as quickly and as quietly as he could. He knew that he would be expected to go to his father, to begin making plans for the funeral- by tradition, members of Idris’ royal family were entombed in their designated mausoleum, and the funeral processions for the Queen could last as long as three days. The Fog had shown no signs of clearing over the past day of the Guards closely monitoring it, and Alec knew that there were many adjustments to be made for his mother because of it. The evacuation out of the city would have to be halted, and it would undoubtedly cause panic and concern amongst the people of Alicante who were already starting to grow restless in the face of these conditions.
Alec also knew that he should stay close to Isabelle and Max, and that now more than ever, with Jace missing, he needed to be the brother to his younger siblings that he was meant to be. He was the Heir. He was meant to lead by example. He should go back outside and show his face around the palace so that the servants and the Guards would have someone to look to in this time of tragedy. That was his duty.
But he couldn’t bear the thought of doing any of that. He felt cold all over as he made his way up to his bedroom and locked the door behind himself, slouching back against it as he did. His mother was dead, and Alec could only think of her corpse spread out on the bed. He would never again hear her voice, or see her smile or laugh. She was gone, forever, now nothing more than a memory of what she used to be.
He had never before felt so utterly helpless, and at such a complete loss for what to do. He couldn’t even begin to identify when things had gone so wrong- how had this situation spiraled so far out of his control that this was all that he had left of it? How was he meant to even begin fixing it?
And worst of all, Michael Wayland’s voice echoed hauntedly in his ear. The warlocks were responsible for this, it said. They will pay for this. 
Alec pushed himself away from the door as he caught sight of his bow and quiver leaning against the wall, and a half-formed idea took shape in his mind.
He couldn’t. Except...
Outside of his window, Alec could see the darkness cast over the city, the swirling black cloud making its way up to the palace. All movement throughout Alicante had been strictly forbidden and only the palace Guards were allowed out on scheduled patrols. Going anywhere in this Fog was dangerous, even Alec could agree with that, and he'd sworn to stay within the walls of the palace where he could be protected.
But he desperately needed to get out of here. He felt as though the walls were starting to close in on him, the air becoming harder to breathe in, the knowledge that his mother’s dead body lay in one of these rooms and that there was nothing he could do about it feeling like a crushing weight over his chest.
And Michael’s voice, over and over again like a harsh and cruel taunt, reminding him that there was still one other person involved in all of this, as much as Alec wished he wasn’t.

  The warlocks were responsible for this. They will pay for this.

Alec thought of the Magnus that he knew- the one that he’d spent the past year with. He had not been lying when he’d said that he didn’t trust the man, but none of this felt right. The searing anger burning through his veins was not directed towards Magnus despite how much he felt like it should be. His head and his heart warred against each other, both sides tugging him determinedly in their direction, and Alec didn't know which one he should choose.
He didn’t realize he had made a decision until he looked down and his bow was in his hand, the Lightwood’s symbol carved elegantly into its sleek surface.
He needed to leave this palace, he thought. He needed to warn Magnus.
Magnus had hidden his house behind so many glamours that he knew there was no chance of anyone stumbling upon it even accidentally. To anyone that did, the clearing would appear to have nothing in it. Still, he wasn’t exactly surprised when he heard Alec calling his name. Annoyed, sure. But he knew Alec well enough that he had partly expected this.
Magnus reached for his dagger, not the Keris, which was sheathed at his side, but another one of his favorites carved of sleek silver. His footsteps through the house were soft even though they didn’t need to be. Alec couldn’t see or hear him from where he stood. Magnus went to one of his windows, staring outside into the fading daylight as he ran his finger across the sharp edge of the dagger in his hand. He could never quite place the feeling he got when he was around Alec, and now was no different. The dark haired man stood at the front of Magnus’ house, Church tied to a post behind him, and Magnus watched keenly as he wandered closer but with a noticeable hint of hesitance in his walk. His bow and quiver were strapped to him, and Magnus scoffed at the sight of it.
Alec couldn’t see anything. It had to be disorienting for him, to know that there was something here but to not be able to see it. Magnus half expected him to turn around and leave, and the longer he watched Alec move around the more Magnus began to hope he would. The sight of Alec here was not unfamiliar to Magnus, but this was the first time he felt like he truly hated it. He could not help but associate Alec with what had happened to him back in that cell in Alicante, and he couldn’t get rid of the memory of Alec watching him with so much uncertainty and mistrust in his eyes, and all of Magnus’ conflicting emotions as a result of that. Magnus had done what he’d wanted to do. He’d hurt Alec the way he had planned. Alec showing up here after the fact had not been part of the plan. Magnus being conflicted about it had not been a part of the plan.
Still, Idris’ Prince did not seem deterred. Rather, the longer he stared unseeingly up at where he knew the house was meant to be, the more his determination to get what he wanted became evident. His jaw was set in that way he got when he really focused on something, as though he genuinely believed that if he simply waited long enough, he would find what he was looking for. Alec shouted his name, demanding Magnus come out to meet him, and there was something in the pitch of his tone -the sharp edge of desperation- that piqued Magnus’ interest. He raised a brow and watched as the Prince called out for him again.
With a heavy sigh, already regretting it, Magnus waved a hand and watched as Alec jolted back where he stood, surprise and shock drawn over his face as the house blurred into existence before him.
  
    Chapter Text
    Alec stared up towards the door as it was pushed open, seemingly on its own.It moved slowly, almost as if daring him to go towards it. He hadn’t entirely expected Magnus to be here and he’d expected even less that Magnus would agree to talk with him. Though, Alec thought, with a suspicious glance around the empty clearing, this was not necessarily Magnus agreeing to anything. The house might be here, but Magnus was still nowhere to be seen. Alec drew his bow, took a deep breath, and moved forward. Through the open door, Alec could see the dark red walls of the foyer extending into the drawing room. Inside the house was completely still, only the gentle movements of the wind as it brushed against the curtains disturbing it. Alec had walked through this door so many times in the past year that he’d lost count, but it had never felt like this before, where  anticipation  was overridden by  fear. He fully expected to be blasted with magic the moment he set his feet over the threshold -whether Asmodeus’ or Magnus’ he wasn’t sure- but to his further surprise, nothing happened at all. There was no light inside of the house and Alec squinted through the darkness, trying unsuccessfully to look down the long corridor for any sign of movement. He knew that Magnus’ study was down there, and he had quite vivid memories of being bent over Magnus’ desk the one time he’d interrupted him in the middle of ‘work’. That time, Magnus hadn’t bothered to explain what his work had been and Alec hadn’t asked. Secrecy  had always been the most important part of their arrangement. How many signs had there been, all this time, that he had blatantly ignored? His train of thought was cut off harshly by an almost undetectable sound to his right. Alec spun around to face it, his heart racing through his chest, and he froze when the base of his neck came into direct contact with the sharp edge of a knife.Even as his body stiffened from heightened reflexes, Alec immediately felt most of his immediate fear dissipate. The man at the other end of the knife looked back at him, gold-green eyes bright in the darkness of the room as he wordlessly twisted the knife around. It’s point met Alec’s chin, and his head was slowly tipped upwards. Behind Alec’s back, the door swung shut. "Alexander." The man purred, his voice like sickly sweet honey, "To what do I owe the pleasure of your presence?"Magnus did not drop the knife, and Alec licked at dry lips as he responded, “You make it sound as though you’re not pleased to see me.”Magnus took a single step forward that placed him right in front of Alec, close enough that they were almost touching.  Almost.  Magnus trailed the knife downwards, a straight line down the length of Alec’s neck and across his collarbone, with just enough pressure that Alec could feel, without a doubt, the level of control Magnus held over his life right at that moment. Alec’s breath caught in his throat. He took in every line of Magnus’ features, recommitting it all to memory. The gash on Magnus’ face from when he’d been imprisoned was healed almost entirely now, nothing but a faint silvery line that extended from his eye to his cheekbone giving away that anything had been there at all. Alec could see him perfectly now, close as they were, from the warning glint in his eyes to the slight curl of his lips when Alec did not pull away from him, and the ghost of a smile- not a friendly or kind one, but something almost  condescending, one that said Alec truly had no idea what he’d just walked into. Alec couldn’t help feeling like there was some truth to that. He held himself rigidly and refused to give in to the twisting sensation of apprehension in his gut. This was  Magnus,  he told himself. Underneath all of the bravado and threats, this was the same man that had held Alec against this very door just a few months ago, taking Alec apart with clever, knowing hands. Magnus had had more than enough opportunities to kill him, and he had taken none of them. That had to mean  something,  as small as that something might be, and Alec had every intention of leaning into that for however long he could.Magnus dropped his hand. He slipped the dagger into the belt at his waist and leaned in just a little bit closer, so that his lips brushed against Alec’s. A barely there touch, not even enough to really call a kiss, but it threatened to break through Alec’s already fractured resolve anyway.“I'm always happy to see you, darling.” Magnus murmured. The small term of endearment seared through Alec and tugged at parts of him that he didn’t want reawakened. In the best and worst of ways, Magnus was too familiar to simply ignore everything that had happened between them.Alec twisted away from Magnus’ touch, a single step backwards putting space between them that Alec immediately regretted. Magnus didn’t advance on him again, though. He arched a brow and watched him, waiting.“I’m here to warn you.” Alec said. Despite having not done anything, he sounded out of breath. He  felt  it too. Being in Magnus’ presence had never stopped having such a strong effect on him, and it was worse now that there were so many other things to feel where Magnus was concerned. He didn’t know which one of those feelings he should latch onto; he didn’t know what was real and what he could trust, or what he should avoid and run from as far as he could. Being with Magnus was a disorienting jumble of emotional and physical responses that Alec barely understood and couldn’t even begin to explain.In a last desperate, last ditch attempt to clear the haze that had come over his mind, Alec took yet another step backwards. The arrows strapped to his back met the door with a thud, and Alec, dismayed, realized there was nowhere left for him to run.“Warn me?” Magnus asked. His eyes sharpened, but he didn’t look particularly afraid, or surprised, to hear what Alec had said.“Yes.” Alec confirmed, “Michael Wayland is planning an attack. He’s the head of my father’s Guard-”“The one who spent an entire day living out his sadistic fantasies while I was locked in a cell alone with him, yes.” Magnus tapped his finger against his knife impatiently. Alec’s anger at what Michael had done returned in full force. When he’d gone to see his father after coming back from the Gard, Robert had told him, again, that what he’d done had been necessary. That these decisions were simply what being a King was about. The resulting screaming match between the pair of them had resulted in the Guards coming in to drag Alec away, and he was grateful that they had. He’d been practically vibrating with pent up rage, but the worst part of it all was that he’d believed every single thing he’d said to Robert in that room. He didn’t want to hate his father, but it was becoming increasingly difficult to like him. “My mother died.” Alec blurted out. The sharp pain that tore through him at saying the words out loud was almost unbearable, like a knife twisting into his very soul. Maryse’s lifeless body flashed before his eyes, and Alec didn’t think it would ever stop hurting to remember her that way. The words cut through Magnus’ visage as well, surprise covering his expression for barely a second before it was yanked away again, as though Magnus had, quite literally, sent up a brick wall between himself and his own emotions.“And?” Magnus asked, his voice carefully devoid of any emotion. Alec ground his teeth together.“Don’t do that.” He snapped, moving towards Magnus, “Don’t act as though nothing bothers you.”“What happens to Alicante isn’t my concern, Alexander.  You’re  not my concern.” “You keep saying that.” Alec said coldly, “I’m starting to think you’re only trying to convince  yourself.” Magnus’ eyes flashed, “I don’t care about you.”There was nothing in the way Magnus looked at him that suggested otherwise, and yet Alec couldn’t believe him. And then Magnus raised a hand and snapped his fingers. Alec jumped at the distinct feeling of magic passing over him- like a tight cord winding around his body and pressing  in. It didn’t hurt, not exactly, and it lasted for only a second before it was gone again, Alec’s bow and quiver leaving with it.“That’s better.” Magnus murmured half to himself as his eyes travelled down the length of Alec’s body, “I don’t very much like being threatened in my own home.”Alec unclenched his fists. He hadn’t realized he’d closed them.“If you don’t prepare for Michael-” “Prepare?”  Magnus cut him off, his voice lilting with incredulous humor, “Let them come.”And there was something in the way Magnus spoke the words with such undeniable power, so convinced that the only possible outcome to this scenario was his own victory. He thought of the Guards that Magnus had attacked, the ones who’d met their deaths even while Magnus was badly beaten and bruised. And then he thought of Asmodeus, who had dropped Magnus to the ground with a careless flick of his wrist. Magnus might be powerful, but he wasn’t invincible. “Just be aware.” Alec said, and because he needed Magnus to understand the severity of the situation, “Please.”Magnus smiled, “I’ve always loved hearing you beg.”Alec knew he was trying to divert the conversation, and it was working. “Is that all?” Magnus asked, “I was otherwise occupied before you showed up.”Alec knew he was being dismissed, and Magnus watched him with disinterest as he waited for him to leave. Alec felt suddenly strung up and on display- like an outsider, one who very much did not belong here, and one who needed to get out as quickly as possible.He couldn’t pry his eyes away from the intensity of Magnus’, and Magnus held him firmly to the spot with just that look. “I need my bow and quiver back.” Alec said shakily. He was going to walk out of here and never see Magnus again. He was going to walk out of here and leave him to face Michael and the other Guards on his own, and he wasn’t going to spend the rest of his life obsessing over  what if’s  and  maybe’s. He’d already made that choice two days ago and it had been the hardest thing he’d ever done, and now he would do it again.Magnus moved in closer, encroaching on Alec’s space like he had more of a right to it than Alec did. And Alec didn’t move- he  couldn’t  move. Not with that achingly familiar thrum of desire that pulsed beneath his skin the closer Magnus got, stalking towards Alec with an almost predatory glint in his eyes. “Alexander.” Magnus said, and Alec’s brain short circuited as the walls of the foyer started to close in on him. Everything that awaited him back at the palace seemed to fall away, like Magnus was stripping him of every one of his worries and his fears and his concerns with just a look. But Alec couldn’t do that, he reminded himself. He couldn’t afford the luxury of blindly turning away from his problems anymore.Look what it had cost him the first time. “You didn't think I would really just let you leave?” Magnus asked, and nothing within Alec rebelled at the words. Magnus’ eyes darkened as he brought his hand up, twisting his fingers into Alec’s hair. He pulled Alec in closer, their lips meeting in a light kiss that Alec instantly tried to deepen, his body reacting before his mind had even caught up to the action. Magnus tightened his grip and held Alec back, firm and unrelenting as his tongue swiped into Alec’s mouth. “Does the palace know that you snuck out here to see me?” Magnus asked, a clear taunt in his words. With his free hand, he dug his fingers into Alec’s jaw, “Do any of your subjects know that their future King is out here, wanting to fuck the person responsible for their city being cursed?”Alec swallowed hard around the tightness rising in his throat, “I didn't come here for-”Magnus pulled Alec in and pried Alec’s mouth open with his own, cutting off what Alec had been about to say. Magnus' kiss was hard and demanding, and Alec responded in tandem as his body finally broke free of whatever block had taken over his mind. His hands fisted into the front of Magnus’ shirt as Magnus pressed Alec back against the wall, tongue and lips and teeth clashing together as Alec fought, desperately, to hang on to his last tendril of self-control.Magnus rolled his hips forward, the hard line of his cock pressing against Alec’s thigh, and that control snapped neatly in two. Magnus slammed Alec back against the wall when Alec tried to move forward, glaring at him with nothing but furious hatred burning in the gold of his eyes, “What  would  your father say if he saw you here,  Your Highness?”  Alec glared right back, but Magnus’ words had had the effect that Alec knew was intended. It didn’t change anything though. It didn’t change the fact that Alec was still standing there in front of him, strung tight and  wanting,  beyond logic or reason. Magnus had said he wouldn’t let Alec go, but Alec didn’t  want  to go. He was already in too deep. Somehow, he’d landed here, in whatever this thing with Magnus was, and he was too entangled in it to simply walk away and separate himself fully. What did that say about him? When Magnus turned and walked out of the foyer, towards the stairs that led up to his room, Alec sealed his fate and followed.Magnus had, admittedly, half expected Alec to leave. He also wouldn’t have been surprised to see the skies parting and Raziel appearing before him, ready to strike him down for daring to defile one of his children in such a manner, and not just  any child, but one of his chosen Kings.Part of him had even hoped for it. There was an endless list of reasons why Alec being here was a bad idea. Magnus should have sent him away the moment he showed up.But it was  Alec. And Magnus had never been able to control himself when he was with Alec. That was how they’d ended up in this fucked up situation in the first place; Alec had looked at him  like that  and Magnus had been unable to do anything but give in. It had been an entire year, and he’d learnt nothing, and he was suffering the consequences of it now as he let himself fall into his bed with Alec on top of him, his breath cutting off as Alec pressed him into the mattress and crashed their mouths together. Alec took advantage of Magnus’ momentary lapse in awareness to push his tongue past whatever little resistance Magnus had managed to put up, licking into Magnus’ mouth like he’d been starved of the taste of him. Magnus fisted Alec’s hair again and yanked him back in, relishing in the sound Alec made in response. There were too many layers of clothes between them and their hands worked frantically to tear them off. Magnus’ shirt was pulled over his head as Alec raised up above him, slotted into the space between Magnus’ thighs.  Alec looked down at him like he couldn’t decide which part of Magnus he wanted to give his attention to first, which was a sentiment that Magnus understood. Alec already looked debauched, his shirt hanging off of him, the buttons on his trousers undone, his hair in a disarray from Magnus’ frequent tugging. A sudden awareness of their position -of Magnus’ position underneath him- flipped a switch in Magnus’ brain. He wasn’t here for Alec’s amusement. This was for Magnus. Because maybe fucking the Prince one last time before Alec left for good was what Magnus needed to get his lingering obsession with him out of his system. So when Alec tried to lean back in, Magnus stopped him with a palm flat to his chest. He gave him a slow smile, though he knew well enough that it didn’t meet his eyes. He pushed Alec back and quickly flipped them over, Alec putting up no fight as Magnus climbed on top of him and straddled his thighs. Alec spread his hands out over Magnus’ torso and ran them up his chest, flicking over one of Magnus’ nipples before taking hold of the chains that dangled around Magnus’ neck. Something crackled in the air between them, the air charged with pent up energy as they stared at each other, so many things on both of their minds and nothing either of them was willing to say out loud. Magnus shut his eyes and tried to steady himself with a deep intake of breath, his next words escaping before he had a chance to reel them back in, “I hate you.”Alec made a low sound, “I know.” Alec hauled him forward by his chains until Magnus had no choice but to go, losing himself in another heated kiss. Magnus rolled his hips down as Alec moaned into it, feeling Alec’s cock through the layers of clothing they wore that still separated them from each other. With an almost absentminded thought he called his magic forward and passed it over them both. Alec gasped as he realized what Magnus had done, wrenching himself away. In an answer to Alec’s unspoken question, Magnus took his now naked cock in hand and lined it up with Alec’s, thrusting against him until Alec’s head fell back against the bed with a stuttered out curse. Magnus stared down at the man laid out before him; at the darkening flush of Alec’s chest and the deep, careful breaths that he took as he tried to get himself back under some semblance of control. And Magnus had no intentions of letting  that  happen; Alec would leave here tonight with the memory of Magnus seared into his brain. Magnus might wish he didn’t feel what he did for Alec, but he wanted Alec to  need  him. He wanted Alec to be so drunk on pleasure that he was lost without Magnus there to guide him. He took Alec’s cock in his hand and stroked until Alec’s breathing grew into short, broken pants and he began to push his hips forward, fucking himself into the tight ring that Magnus’ fingers had formed around his length, and  by fucking Lilith-  Alec was  gorgeous. His cock bobbed as Magnus let him go, the tip deep red and  leaking,  and Magnus wanted to give him both everything and nothing all at once, just to preserve the look on Alec’s face, the way he blinked up at Magnus like he would actually die if Magnus didn’t touch him right that second. Oh, Magnus would miss this, “You came all this way to  warn  me, huh?” Magnus asked. He swiped his thumb over Alec’s cock, watching it jerk under his touch, “Or was that just what you told yourself? Your excuse so you didn’t have to face the fact that you wanted to be in my bed?”“I could’ve left you to be killed instead.”Magnus laughed, “But then who would fuck you like this?” Alec, glaring, took himself in hand with a soft groan, “You’re not the only person in Idris with a cock.” “You’re more than welcome to leave and find someone else.” Magnus said, knowing Alec wouldn’t, knowing that he himself would never allow it. He batted Alec’s hand away and slammed both his wrists back down onto the bed when Alec tried to fight him off, “You get what I give you, darling.”He leaned into Alec, scraping his teeth against Alec’s neck, “You stay there and you take whatever I want you to take. Consider it a mercy, Alexander. When you sneak back into your palace tonight with my come leaking out of you, you can convince yourself that you never really wanted it.” Alec’s eyes fell shut, and Magnus released one of his wrists to grip Alec’s jaw instead, digging his fingers in hard enough that he knew it would hurt,  “Open your fucking eyes.” He was mad at himself, he knew, mad at the Guards that had imprisoned him and mad at his father, but he would gladly take all that anger out on Alec’s body instead. It wasn’t as if Alec wasn’t willing. Cerulean blue eyes looked up at him, clouded over with lust, an undercurrent of something almost reverent  shining through them, like Magnus was the ultimate prize at the end of a very dark tunnel and Alec needed him to survive, like Magnus could order to him to his knees and Alec Lightwood, born leader, heir to an entire kingdom, would kneel without hesitation and  worship  the very ground that Magnus walked on.Alec was going to be the death of him.Alec licked at his lips, and the thought of having Alec on his knees cemented itself in Magnus’ brain. He swiped his thumb over Alec’s bottom lip and pushed it into his mouth, pressing down on Alec's tongue and almost falling to pieces right there on the spot when Alec started sucking on it.“That’s right.” Magnus said, half gone already on his own lust, “So desperate to be used, aren’t you, Your Highness?”Alec flinched ever so slightly at his title being used here, like this, but he didn’t answer or try to move away. He didn’t need to. He could try to resist, could try to fight this and pretend that Magnus was wrong, but it had  been a year- they both knew better at this point. “I want my cock in your mouth.” Magnus said. He phrased it casually, an open suggestion that Alec could object to; they both knew it was everything but that. Still, Alec pulled away, his pupils blown wide and his lips red and slick with spit as Magnus pulled his thumb back, “Fuck.  Yes.” Magnus swore under his breath and pulled Alec with him off of the bed. There was a soft enough rug under Alec’s knees as he sank down and Magnus, cruelly, almost wished that there wasn’t. He wanted Alec bruised. He wanted the reminders of what they’d done to remain on his skin for days.Magnus fisted his hand in Alec’s hair and kept him at bay when Alec immediately tried to take him in. Pure, unadulterated  need  radiated off of Alec in waves. Somewhere, buried deep at the back of his mind where he’d shut those kind of thoughts away, Magnus couldn’t help but think that this was  different than all the other times they'd been together; Alec knew who he was now, the truth of it all, and yet he was still here, still allowing Magnus to pull him apart like this and looking like there was nowhere else he would rather be.Magnus slammed that direction of thought to a stop. It didn’t mean anything. For both of their sakes, it  couldn’t  mean anything.He tightened his hold on Alec’s hair and fisted his cock with the other hand, directing it towards Alec’s mouth where he waited, his lips falling apart as Magnus pressed into him. “Suck me.” Magnus ordered in a low voice, tasting the power of that command on his tongue, reveling in it as Alec instantly did as he was told. Alec’s hands came up to grip Magnus by the back of his thighs, pulling him in closer and holding Magnus steady, and Magnus let him. He focused on the heat of Alec’s mouth over him, slowly taking him down as far as he could go. Magnus used his grip on Alec’s hair to keep Alec’s movements under his control, but Alec didn’t seem to mind, letting himself be manhandled and used however Magnus dictated he should be. He groaned as Magnus pushed his cock in just a little bit farther than he’d been taking it, and Magnus did it again, and then  again,  even as Alec’s eyes flew open and darted up to his face, wide and slightly panicked, his nails digging in where he held onto Magnus. “That’s it.” Magnus breathed, “Take everything I give you.” He felt himself hit the back of Alec’s throat and he thrust in deeper, holding himself there for a few seconds before finally pulling all the way back. Alec coughed, taking deep breaths as he tried to get air back into his lungs. Magnus watched him, transfixed. He didn’t think  obsessed  was a strong enough word to describe his addiction to this sight. He could control the very air that Alec breathed, and they both knew that Alec could fight him if he wanted to, but he was choosing not to.He dug his fingers into Alec’s jaw and leaned down to kiss Alec roughly, claiming Alec’s breath again. Magnus pulled back and peered down at him, his eyes narrowing when he saw Alec pressing a hand to his own cock, desperately trying to relieve himself of the arousal that had been slowly building since he got here. Magnus traced Alec’s lips with the head of his cock, slick with Alec’s spit and his own precome leaking from it, and Alec closed his eyes and let him. “Oh, I could do anything I wanted and you would just beg for more, wouldn’t you?” Magnus asked with feigned sweetness. Alec made a low sound at the back of his throat, and Magnus tugged on his hair, pulling his head back at a harsh angle, “I asked you a question,  Your Highness.  Don’t tell me you’ve gotten all shy now, after you knelt there and let me choke you on my cock.” “Yes.”  Alec breathed out. He leaned forward and pressed his head against Magnus’ thigh, breathing heavily, and Magnus felt his annoyance flare up again just slightly. Alec's willingness to submit to Magnus' desires like this changed frequently, but it was always strongest when he was trying to forget. And that wouldn't do. Not tonight.He wanted Alec to remember every detail of this. “I changed my mind.” Magnus said from above him, “You’re going to ride me, and you're going to beg me for the privilege of it. You’re going to feel every inch of my cock inside of you, splitting you open and taking you apart, and you’re going to go back to Alicante knowing that you  begged  me to do that to you.”Alec closed his eyes. He’d long given up trying to calm himself. He could hear his own blood pumping through his veins, could feel the beat of his heart racing in his chest. Magnus was the only grounding point, and Alec leaned into it. He knew exactly what Magnus was trying to do- Alec was  here.  There was a curse over his city and his mother had just died and his brother was missing, and instead of dealing with any of that Alec had come here and let Magnus fuck his cock into his throat until he couldn’t breathe.  And he would do it all again, and Magnus would remind him of that every chance he got. And he knew why Magnus had changed his mind. Because Alec could stay there, letting Magnus do whatever he pleased while having very little involvement of his own, letting Magnus use his body the way they both craved, but distancing his own mind from the action so he didn't have to think about it. He'd done that enough times before. If he could just shut his brain off long enough to remain unaware-But Magnus knew him too well. He knew exactly what Alec wanted, and why he wanted it.And for that reason, Magnus would never give it to him. Not now.Magnus pulled him up to his feet and moved a proprietary hand down to his ass, brushing teasingly over his crease before he wedged a finger in between. He pressed two fingers against Alec’s hole and circled him there just long enough for Alec’s knees to buckle under his own weight, and Magnus caught him with a hand around his waist and held Alec’s body close as he pushed that one finger in, just the tip of it, the dry burn of it catching on Alec’s rim as he pulled it out again. With a hand at the small of his back, Magnus steered him towards the bed, “I’m not hearing any begging, Your Highness.” It took Alec’s brain a second to catch up, as Magnus got onto the bed and then pulled Alec down with him, arranging them so Alec was straddling his thighs and feeling the hard length of Magnus' cock pressed against his ass. Magnus took Alec’s own cock in his hand, his movements slow but firm as he stroked him, “Say the words, Alexander.  Or I’ll fucking tie you to this bed and leave you here for your Guards to find you."Alec was sure he was going to lose his mind, “Please fuck me.” “You can do better than that.” Magnus said, tightening his grip, “I want to hear how much you want it. You came all this way, after everything that happened, knowing how dangerous it is. How dangerous I  am.” “Stop it.”  Alec said, pleading, thrusting up into Magnus hand, “You’re not-”“You don’t know that.” Magnus cut him off. Alec felt the same tight sensation over his body that he’d felt earlier, when Magnus had used magic to take away his bow and quiver and then his clothes, and he turned his head to the side to find a bottle of lubricant had appeared on the bed besides them. Magnus released his cock and slicked his fingers, and Alec bit back a moan when the first one entered him, rolling his hips back onto it.“We went over this already.” He said, his voice hoarse, “We both know that if you wanted me dead, I already would be.”Magnus’ eyes darkened, and Alec wasn’t sure if it was in anger or desire as Alec fucked himself on his finger. Magnus wasn’t moving his hand, just holding still and letting Alec take what he needed and watching Alec grow increasingly wrung out as he tried. One finger quickly became two, and Alec angled himself so that they were pressing directly against his prostate. Magnus’ fingers were  heavenly,  but they weren’t his cock- they weren’t big enough, didn't stretch him the way he wanted to be, and Alec still felt empty and wanting and he needed  more  than Magnus seemed willing to give him.Magnus pushed a third finger into him, twisting them roughly over his prostate, and Alec cried out as Magnus hissed,  “Beg for it.” Alec’s head fell back, losing his battle with himself, “Please! I need it. I need you inside me, please, please, I’ll do anything-”Magnus laughed, a dark sound, “I know you would.” With one swift, practiced movement, Magnus pulled his fingers free and sheathed Alec on his cock instead. Alec bit down on his lip to stifle a scream, and the taste of blood filled his mouth. “Fuck.”  Magnus swore. He yanked Alec’s head forward and crashed their lips together, “Fucking move, Alexander,  ride me-”  “Yes.”  Alec panted against Magnus’ mouth, moaning into the kiss as Magnus held him there, another hand going to Alec’s hips and urging him on. Alec reveled in the fullness, the burn of Magnus’ cock forcing him open as he rolled his hips, moving up and down as Magnus licked into his mouth and murmured filthy words of encouragement to him, keeping Alec constantly aware of what was happening, demanding he go faster, take Magnus’ cock deeper, harder-“Is this what you wanted, Your Highness?” Magnus asked, as Alec finally found the right angle to fuck against that bundle of nerves inside of him that sent him careening into an abyss of insurmountable pleasure, “Is this what you  needed?” Magnus's hands moved down Alec’s chest, tugging harshly at one of his nipples and stifling Alec’s responding cry with his mouth. Magnus continued his torment, rolling the other nipple between two fingers and pinching them both in a tight grip until Alec was  actually  crying, mindlessly begging for something- he wasn’t even sure what that something was as the words left him, but somehow, Magnus gave it to him.Magnus held Alec firmly with both hands and thrust up into him, once,  hard,  and then  again,  and Alec’s hands flew forward to grab onto the headboard. Magnus didn’t let up, and Alec pushed himself down to meet each thrust, losing himself as his pleasure climbed steadily, overtaking him until his entire body sang with it, whiting out everything else.Magnus’ hand brushed over the head of Alec’s cock, which was painfully hard now, and that was all it took. Pent-up tension spilled over and Alec threw his head back as he came with a scream of Magnus’ name. Come exploded from the tip of his cock, blurting over Magnus’ hand in white ropes and Magnus stoked him through it, wringing Alec dry, taking everything he had to give.
   And then it didn’t stop. 
The pleasure climbed, higher and higher, but it met no end. His first orgasm rolled right into another one, stronger than the first had been and  so much more intense-  Alec choked on his scream, his words incoherent even to his own ears as he tried to figure out what was happening to him. That familiar tightness of magic was back again, pressing down on him firmer than it had been before, washing over his body in waves that dragged Alec further down with each one.He choked as he forced words out, turning blindly to find Magnus, and got no answer in response.His cock was still hard, Magnus’ hand still wrapped tightly around it and jerking Alec off roughly, and Alec had long since passed the stage of being able to move on his own but Magnus  was still inside of him  and  still hitting against his prostate  and Alec was  still coming,  a never ending rapture that was so good it was almost painful, and all Alec wanted was for it to  stop . He heard his own voice begging, sobbing, frantically trying to form an actual sentence, “Please- I- Magnus I can’t-”He opened his eyes and saw a flash of gold, a wicked smile on Magnus’ lips before Magnus pulled out of him, leaving Alec empty and wanting and still shaking apart from whatever Magnus had done to him, whatever was coursing through him and causing him to feel like this. Alec spread himself out on the bed, unable to do much else as pleasure wrecked through his body like he’d never stopped coming after his orgasm had started. He blinked through tears to see Magnus climbing on top of him, and Magnus adjusted himself between Alec’s spread legs and thrust right back into him, burying himself to the hilt. Alec  screamed,  and Magnus pounded into him with renewed fervor, making Alec take him deeper than he had been before, “Isn’t this what you begged for.” Magnus demanded, “I told you- You take everything I give you-”Alec cried out as the head of Magnus’ cock rubbed against his oversensitive prostate, a million little bursts of lightning rocketing through his system, “Please!”It felt  good,  but it was too much-  too much- he couldn’t take it-He came again, hitting another crest even though he’d thought that that was impossible. His legs tried to jerk shut, but Magnus was between them and prevented it. Alec’s back bowed off of the bed as his eyes squeezed shut, and for a moment he just floated away into nothingness. When he came to, enough to process what was happening, Magnus had grabbed one of his legs and hitched it up over his shoulder. Magnus rode out his own orgasm like that, burying his face in Alec’s neck. Alec moaned low in the back of his throat, exhausted down to his bones, but  something  was still prickling underneath his skin enough that he couldn’t ignore it. Magnus bit down on the skin over Alec’s collarbone and the magic around him reached another height- and Alec was thrown headfirst into one last orgasm, incapable of doing anything to stop himself falling over the edge.Magnus was stroking his hair. Alec wanted to turn over, but he couldn’t bring himself to move. Moving required energy he didn’t think he had.He murmured something under his breath, only half aware that he’d spoken at all, and with no idea of what he’d even said. He wasn’t sure if he spoke the word out loud or if it was understandable or if Magnus was even awake to hear him. And then Magnus was pulling him closer, a hand wrapped around his torso, “I’m here.”“I-” He cut himself off. What had he meant to say? Magnus touched a hand to his cheek, “Go back to sleep.”Alec listened.Magnus woke him again in the early hours of the morning. Low whispers in his ear coaxed him from sleep, Magnus’ hand brushing over his hair, pressing against his thigh, snaking around to his front to take him in a loose grip until Alec was gasping into his pillow and fisting the sheets below him. He was still hovering on that plane between sleep and wake, grappling desperately for something to steady himself as he tried, unsuccessfully, to push back on the finger circling his hole. He clenched down on it, oversensitive but  wanting. “Relax.” Magnus murmured. His teeth grazed over Alec’s jaw, nipping slightly with just enough pressure behind it that Alec recognized what he’d said as an order. Though not one that he had any intention of listening to.Magnus’ hand stayed on his hip, however, refusing to let him move the way he wanted to and refusing to give Alec anything more than that single, barely there touch in the place he needed it most. They stayed like that, Magnus mouthing along the line of Alec’s jaw and down his neck, until Alec gave in and settled himself with a reluctant whine. “Good.” Magnus said. His voice was still slightly rough from sleep, and a distant part of Alec’s brain -the part that wasn’t so consumed with chasing the pleasure that Magnus wasn’t giving him- wondered what had prompted this. Not that he was complaining. He had vague memories of the night before, of Magnus inside of him, of magic holding him down- “Please.”  Alec said. He turned his head just enough that he could kiss Magnus, moving against each other as Magnus pressed that finger into him. Alec was making low, keening noises into Magnus’ mouth as Magnus stroked inside of him, circling his finger until Alec couldn’t help but pick up his own movements again. Magnus didn’t stop him this time, letting Alec roll his hips as he pushed back in with a second finger.“Magnus-”“Shhh.” Magnus quieted him, “I’ve got you. Just take it.”As if to reinforce the words, Magnus pressed against his prostate and stroked him there until Alec felt like he was about to tumble over the edge before they’d even really began. So he did as Magnus wanted him to and just took it, letting Magnus play with his body to his own satisfaction, until finally,  finally,  Magnus took his fingers away and Alec felt the slick head of Magnus’ cock pressed against him in their place. He was still wet and open from before and even more so now from Magnus’ fingers, and Magnus fucked him with slow, firm thrusts until Alec was sobbing out his pleasure. The room was filled with the sound of sex, flesh against flesh as Magnus moved inside of him, Magnus’ free hand stroking his cock, Magnus’ mouth on his, Magnus’ voice in his ear. Alec took it all. He took everything that Magnus gave to him. At that moment, he didn’t think he knew how to do anything else.
  
    Chapter Text
    Alec was gone, and Isabelle wasn’t even surprised to find that he’d left without saying anything, which was the worst part of it. She stood in the middle of his room, feeling like a fool for having trusted him when he’d said there would be no more lies and no more secrets between them, but mostly her heart hurt with the loneliness of it.
She'd never really minded being by herself before; even as kids Alec and Jace had always been close which left Isabelle to grow accustomed to being an outsider. But now, with both of them missing, Max hating her, Lydia avoiding her, and her mother dead, Isabelle couldn't help but feel not just lonely, but completely, utterly, alone. 
She’d hardly gotten any sleep at all the night before even though she’d tried her best. Max, despite his anger, had crawled into her bed with her late into the night because he couldn’t sleep either, and Isabelle had cuddled her youngest brother close to her until his breathing had eventually slowed and his grip on her had weakened somewhat. She’d run her fingers through his hair and cried silently as she remembered the day he’d been born. Her mother had called her into the room and showed her the proper way to hold him, smiling proudly through tears of her own as Isabelle’s tiny fingers had curled protectively around her even tinier brother. 
Alec had been standing next to her that day, patiently waiting for his own turn. For the first time, she’d felt like he saw her as an equal rather than the little sister that couldn’t look out for herself. She’d loved that feeling. She hated feeling like she did now.
She walked back to the door. There was nothing here for her. She was done waiting around for Alec to decide that he actually did want her in his life.
And then the situation got worse, when she opened the door and saw the person on the other side of it.
Lydia stared back at her, one hand raised as though she’d been about to knock. 
The awkwardness of the moment stretched between them for what felt like an eternity before Lydia cleared her throat and stepped back to put some space between them. At the very least, Lydia had the decency to look abashed, “Your Highness-”
“Don’t.” Isabelle cut her off, the word as sharp as a whip, “Don’t call me that. If you’re going to act like nothing ever happened between us, then don’t call me anything at all.”
She was angry, she realized. With Lydia. With Alec. With Jace. Even with her mother, for dying, as unreasonable as that was. She was especially angry with her father, who’d been coping with the difficult situation as he always did and had locked himself away in his study where only Michael Wayland was allowed to interrupt him.
Lydia looked down, and Isabelle tried not to show any sign of a reaction to the flicker of hurt she saw in her eyes. She was just tired of being lied to, and didn’t know how much more of it she could stand.
“I… I’m sorry.” Lydia said. Isabelle scoffed.
“I'm sorry about your mother.” Lydia amended. Isabelle ignored the twinge of pain she felt at the mention of her mother. She didn’t want Lydia’s condolences. She didn’t want anything at all from Lydia.
“Alec isn’t here.” She said instead. Lydia’s brow furrowed in confusion.
“Sorry to disappoint.” Isabelle told her, telling herself to stop while she was ahead, and doing the exact opposite, “I know how close the two of you are.”
She pulled the door shut and turned to walk off, coming to a sharp halt when she felt Lydia’s hand circle around her wrist, stopping her before she could go any further, “I-”      
“Your Highness.”
Isabelle’s head snapped up in the direction of the unfamiliar voice that had joined them. Lydia’s hand dropped hers with lightning speed, but it still wasn't fast enough. The Guard who had appeared looked between the pair of them, and he had clearly seen the altercation. 
“You called me?” Isabelle asked faintly. She could hardly hear herself through the ringing in her ears and the swell of emotion that rose inside of her at the phantom touch she could still feel where Lydia had just held her.
“Ms. Theresa Gray is waiting for you in the Great Room, Your Highness.” The Guard said. He was looking at Lydia oddly, his mouth curved into a frown, “Is there an issue with Ms. Branwell?”
Next to her, she felt Lydia stiffen.
“No.” Isabelle said without looking at her, “There is no issue. Thank you.”
She turned quickly, preparing to leave, desperately wanting to be far away from this situation-
“Your Highness!” Lydia called after her, and there was just enough of a tremor in her voice that Isabelle stopped and allowed Lydia to come closer to her. Lydia didn’t try to reach for her hand again, and Isabelle tried to focus on how much that shouldn’t hurt, even though it did.
“Where are you going?” Lydia asked. Her voice was barely above a whisper, just loud enough for Isabelle to hear. She kept fidgeting and looking back at the Guard that was waiting for her. His name evaded Isabelle, but he stood looking at them with barely concealed curiosity. Isabelle felt like someone was driving a stake through her heart.
“To get answers of my own.” She said evasively. She and Lydia had no relationship, she told herself. She’d already accepted that. So why did it hurt so much to see Lydia act like it?
“Please,” Lydia said softly, moving just a bit closer to her still, “Wait for me. Don’t do anything dangerous.”
Isabelle laughed, fully aware that she was being cruel and too tired to care, “And here I was thinking that fear for my safety was an emotion reserved for those that actually cared about me.”
“Of course I care.” Lydia told her, with so much earnestness that it hurt.
Isabelle fought the overwhelming desire she had to run away from this conversation, “Well you haven’t been acting like it very much lately, have you Ms. Branwell?”
Lydia’s mouth opened, and then snapped shut again. Isabelle steeled herself, told herself that the pain she felt was entirely unfounded, and walked away before Lydia could say anything else.
Lydia watched Isabelle go and pushed aside the part of her that immediately wanted to follow. She turned back to where Raj was still standing, though now that Isabelle had disappeared around the corner, he had relaxed considerably from his earlier stance and looked less like the dignified Palace Guard and more like the arrogant, self possessed man that Lydia despised. He watched suspiciously as Lydia stalked past him, and she tried not to snap at him as he quickly picked up into a jog, until he was at her side, matching her steps effortlessly.
“I didn’t know that you and the Princess were so… close.” Raj said conversationally. Lydia didn’t respond. She was rarely, if ever, in the mood to tolerate Raj’s presence. It just so happened that he had a tendency to make himself present wherever she went. She didn’t doubt he did it partially out of pure spite. He had to know how she felt about him; she had never gone to great heights to hide it.
“We’re not close.” Lydia lied. Or was it a lie? It certainly felt like one now, given how things had ended between them. She’d been foolish in hoping for a good ending, one where Isabelle had understood her side of things and remained her friend, even if they couldn’t be anything else. Now, Lydia didn’t know how much longer she could stand to see the way that Isabelle looked at her- like she was a stranger. One she didn’t like at all.
“It certainly looked like it.” Raj countered, “What were you talking about?”
Lydia ground her teeth together, “I don’t see how any of this is your business, Raj.”
“It isn’t. It might be Michael’s though.”
She slammed to a stop, her hand reaching out to grab Raj by his upper arm. They were in an empty part of the palace, useful now as Lydia slammed Raj against a wall and delighted in the noise it made as his head collided with it.
“Is that a threat?” She asked. She kept her voice low, pleasantly satisfied with the way Raj’s eyes widened slightly in apprehension. He was all talk, always had been., but had hardly any bite to back up his words.
“No.” He said, “I’m just looking out for you.”
Lydia released him, “I don’t need to be looked out for.”
“I’m also looking out for the Princess. That’s my job, same as yours.”
“What are you implying?” Lydia asked. Raj pried himself off of the wall and smoothed his hand down his coat with feigned nonchalance.
“Relationships between Palace Guards and the Royal family are forbidden.” Raj said coolly, “If, and I’m not saying that there is, but if something were happening, and I found out about it, it would be my duty to report it.”
“I’m well aware of the rules, Raj.” Lydia said. She couldn’t bring herself to outright deny what Raj had said, even though she knew the trouble she could get into if he ever did find out the truth.
Raj’s mouth curled up into a smile, “Well then, we shouldn’t have anything to worry about.”
There was a long pause. Lydia watched silently as Raj’s eyes moved across her face looking for any sign of weakness or guilt. He found none, and he never would, years of practice working well in Lydia’s favor as she schooled her face into a picture of calm that she didn’t feel. When Raj finally relented, he broke out into a wide grin.
“Michael sent me to find you.” He said. Lydia inhaled sharply. The split second before Raj continued was filled with her fear.
“The Prince has seemingly disappeared from the Palace sometime between yesterday evening and this morning.” Raj said, “Michael is organizing a team to go into the Woods to retrieve him.”
Lydia’s heart skipped a beat, “It sounds like Michael is planning to do much more than simply retrieve the Prince.”
Raj gave her a wolfish grin in return.
Isabelle didn't really know what she intended to do when she mentioned it to Lydia, but the plan solidified inside of her head the moment the words escaped her and grew only stronger now as she made her way down to the Great Room. She found Tessa easily; there was no else in the room aside from her. Tessa got to her feet as Isabelle entered, looking around in clear discomfort.
“It’s been… a while since I last came to the palace.” She said, “I’m not quite sure I still fit in here.”
“Of course you do.” Isabelle answered easily, though she understood Tessa’s dilemma. Tessa’s personal relationship with the Lightwood’s had come only as a result of her marriage to William Herondale. After his death, she had kept in occasional contact with them but had ceased coming to the palace almost entirely. It was odd seeing her here now, and it only reminded Isabelle of Jace.
“Should I bow?” Tessa asked, somewhat playfully. She was teasing, but Isabelle was sure she heard a bit of uncertainty in the question.
Tessa might have been willing to take Jace in after the fire- she and Will had had no children of their own at the time, Will having died so early on in their marriage- but she’d agreed that it would be best if Jace stayed with the Lightwood’s. She wondered now if that had been a matter of self preservation for Tessa. Perhaps it had simply been easier to see Jace raised by someone else than to have the constant reminder of all that she’d lost.
“I asked for your brothers as well, but I was informed that they were otherwise occupied. Is everything alright with them?”
Isabelle blinked. No one outside of the palace knew about Jace’s disappearance, and Isabelle was certainly not going to be the one to tell Tessa about it. She was grateful enough that she got to avoid talking about her mother. She imagined she would have to suffer through many condolences over the next few days and she was looking forward to none of them. She never knew how to respond to them, and she hated navigating the awkwardness of it all and the sympathetic eyes that would fall onto her. The color of mourning in Idris was white, and Isabelle had come to loathe the color over all the funerals she’d been made to attend throughout her life.
But of course, they weren’t allowed to speak about Maryse’s death just yet, and whoever had seen Tessa into the palace would have needed an excuse for Alec and Jace not being around. ‘The future King ran off to Brocelind Woods’ and ‘We lost the last son of the Herondale bloodline’ and ‘Oh, the Queen also died last night’ didn’t exactly seem like the kind of thing they should be putting out there, especially during a city-wide crisis, when people were already panicking.
“They’re fine.” Isabelle said, hoping that she was right, “They're just busy with... meetings. About the Fog. Our father wants everyone to work on finding a way to stop it.”
Tessa didn't say anything, only nodded stiffly at the words. She followed Isabelle as they both took a seat at the corner of the room, near to the fire.
“About that. I assume you know why I’m here, then?” Tessa asked, “I know you must have questions. I was awfully vague the last time we saw each other.”
“I noticed.” Isabelle said evasively. She felt antsy, and entirely out of her depth. She didn’t know Tessa very well- Alec and Jace were the ones Tessa spoke to regularly. She did have questions for her, but how was one meant to ask such things? Alec was the one who excelled at diplomacy and getting people to reveal what they knew, and Jace could charm someone into confessing to a murder if he wanted to. Isabelle had none of those qualities, and she felt it most in times like these.
“Alec told me some of it.” She began tentatively. She saw Tessa’s brow raise with curious surprise, but she only motioned for Isabelle to continue.
“He said… he knows that magic exists.” She said, trying to choose her words carefully. She didn’t want to reveal all of her brother’s secrets, as betrayed as she might feel about him having left without telling her anything.
“You said that the Fog- you said that it’s because of magic?”
“It is Magic.” Tessa corrected, “It just… looks like fog, I suppose. It’s difficult to explain, but I felt it the moment the Adamas barriers surrounding the city fell apart-”
“What do you mean you felt it?” Isabelle cut her off, “I didn’t feel anything. I didn’t even know the Adamas barriers were real until yesterday.”
Tessa pressed her lips together. She looked away from Isabelle, towards the fire next to them, and Isabelle watched as Tessa turned over the hand in her lap so her palm was facing upwards.
A tiny ball of flames from the fireplace began to move towards her, hovering just a couple of inches above her palm. Isabelle inhaled deeply, “You’re a witch.”
Tessa snapped her hand shut. The flames gave out and the fire she’d been holding disappeared. Her hand appeared untouched- it hadn’t burnt her at all.
Isabelle stared, trying to wrap her head around what she’d just seen. She almost wanted to ask Tessa to do it again, just to be sure that it hadn’t been a trick of the light. She didn’t feel scared, even though she felt like she should be. From what Alec had described of Asmodeus, Magnus’ father, she knew that she definitely should be afraid of any magic. But instead she was just awed.
“It’s… beautiful.” She said. She met Tessa’s eyes.
“I’m surprised you think so.” Tessa told her quietly, “Not many do.”
“Who else knows about this?”
“William knew, but we never got around to telling Céline and Stephen.”
“So only Will? You’ve kept this a secret from everyone for all these years?” Isabelle asked in slight horror. She couldn’t imagine what that must have been like, to hide such an integral part of herself from the rest of the world. And then suddenly she was thinking back to Lydia, who hid not just from the world but from herself as well, and Alec, who had always done the same.
“Jocelyn Fray knows.” Tessa said, cutting across Isabelle’s train of thought, “Several years ago, she came to me for a favor and I assisted her. We’ve kept in contact ever since, and we’ve formed something of a friendship. I was visiting her yesterday, when you showed up.”
“Jocelyn refused to tell me anything about you.” Isabelle said.
Tessa huffed in slight amusement, “She would do that. She has enough reasons not to help the Lightwood’s. Fortunately for you, I don’t believe in children paying for the sins of their parents.”
“Is this about the Great War?” Isabelle asked, “Is that what you came to tell me about?”
“Yes. Well, not really. I had thought, especially now given what's happened with the Adamas and this Curse, that someone in this palace would take it upon themselves to tell you the truth of your Kingdom’s history, and how magic played a role in it. It’s been a secret for long enough.”
Isabelle shook her head, “I’m not sure I understand.”
“Of course you don’t. There’s a lot you don’t understand, not yet anyway. I want to fix that. I know that you’re not allowed to leave the palace right now- I had to cast my fair share of spells to be allowed in here-”

  “You spelled the Guards?”

“And the room.” Tessa said. She was smiling, albeit a bit guiltily,  “No one can enter this room right now, unless I allow them in.”
Isabelle stared at her. Magic, she thought.
“I want to take you to the Silent City.” Tessa continued, “I wanted your brother’s to be here as well, but I can’t wait for them. I only barely managed to convince Jem to allow it, and I’m not entirely convinced he won’t change his mind.”
“Jem?”
Tessa visibly hesitated, “You asked me if anyone else knew of my magic. One other person does. James Carstairs. He is… he was a friend of Will’s, and now he works as a Silent Brother.”
Isabelle sat back in her seat. Her head was spinning with all of this, and Tessa was looking at her intently as she waited on Isabelle to give her an answer. Now more than ever Isabelle wished her brother’s were here, or that things between her and Lydia weren’t as bad as they were. She wanted someone else at her side.
“Clay’s here.” She said suddenly, “She’s in the palace. I’ll go with you to the Silent City, but I want Clary to be there as well.”
Tessa appeared startled at the request. She looked away, towards the fire, and then down at her hands, “I understand-”
“Not because of your magic.” Isabelle said hastily. Clary was suffering with Jace’s disappearance just as much as Isabelle was. She knew that Clary felt just as frustrated and hopeless as she did, and she wanted to put Clary’s mind to ease just as much as she wanted it for her own. But how was Isabelle meant to explain that to Tessa? It would mean confessing the truth, and then Tessa would know she had been lying all this time. What if she refused to help her or tell her anything else after that? Could she really risk it?
“I just think she might go a little crazy if she’s forced to stay in that room any longer.” Isabelle said. She faked a smile.
“If you can use your magic to get her out, then she can come with us to the Silent City. I trust Clary, and so does Jace. Whatever you need to tell me, you can tell her as well.”
Tessa raised a brow and said nothing for a long moment, long enough that Isabelle shifted uncomfortably in her seat, convinced that Tessa had figured out her lie and was about to call her out on it, "Jocelyn doesn't want Clary to know about magic." 
"I can take care of Jocelyn."
“I see. And just to be clear,” Tessa said, “You’re giving me permission to use magic on your Guards?”
“They’re not my Guards.” Isabelle countered, “They’re my father’s. And like you said, my father has been keeping secrets from me for my entire life. Why shouldn’t I start to keep a few of my own?”
            “You weren’t aware of this?” Michael asked, looking over to where Lydia had just entered his office. His hand rested idly on the hilt of the sword attached to his hip. He was dressed in all black, the color of battle.
Lydia shook her head, “No, Sir.”
Michael turned away from her, “We were so focused on keeping danger out of the palace, I think we forgot about keeping it in.”
“Are you- are you suggesting that the Prince is a danger, Sir?”
“I’m not suggesting anything.” Michael said curtly, “I’m only saying what I've observed. For how long now has this been going on? The Prince is more than aware of the threats that this warlock presents to our Kingdom, and yet he chose to side with him-”
“You speak as though he’s a traitor.”
“Isn’t he?” Michael asked. He waited, as though giving Lydia the time she needed to form a response, but there was none she could think to make. Alec would never turn his back on Idris, not even for the warlock. The fact that Michael could even think that Alec was capable of such a thing was beyond her.
“While he mourns the loss of his wife, the King has named me responsible for what transpires in Alicante over the next few days. I’ve chosen not to evacuate. It will show weakness where we need to display strength, and I refuse to bend to intimidation. We defeated magic once and if it comes to it, we will do it again.”
“And the Prince?” Lydia asked, dreading the answer.
“We will offer him a final chance to choose our side, of course, but we will be cautious. He’s already shown us the truth of where his loyalties lie. The Prince is a traitor to this Kingdom and to his people. He should be treated as such.”
Michael looked as foreboding as he ever had, “We’ll leave the palace and enter Brocelind at noon. It will be easier to see our way when the sun is at its highest.”
The Guard stationed outside of Clary and Jocelyn’s room looked directly at Isabelle, but there was no recognition to be found anywhere in his expression. His eyes were glazed over, appearing as though a thin white mist had been pulled over them. His hands fell at his sides, unmoving like the rest of his body, as the swirling gold lines of Tessa’s magic danced around him.
“Is he… conscious?” Isabelle asked, not entirely sure she wanted the answer. She looked at the key in her hands, the one she had just taken off of him.
Tessa tilted her head to the side, “Yes.”
“You don’t sound very convinced.”
“It’s been a few years since I’ve used magic.” She said hesitantly, “It’s possible I could’ve gotten the spell wrong.”
“Tessa!”
“He won’t die.” Tessa assured her, “I’m almost certain no harm will come to him, or any of the others.”
Isabelle looked back at the Guard, trying not to think of the word almost or its implications. She shivered as the Guard blinked down at her, but he didn’t appear to have heard a single word they’d just said.
“We should hurry.” Tessa said, “You go inside, I’ll wait out here in case someone comes up.”
Isabelle nodded and reached for the handle of the door, twisting the key into its place and slipping inside with one final glance down the empty hallway. She found Clary sitting on her bed with her feet pulled up underneath her, staring blankly at a piece of parchment with sketch lines drawn across it. Isabelle remembered distantly that Clary was an artist, just like her mother. Jocelyn had been selling her paintings to make money since Valentine’s death had left them to fend for themselves.
Jocelyn, who had been laying down on the other bed, sat up quickly with Isabelle’s arrival. Isabelle ignored the way that Jocelyn’s mouth turned itself down into a frown when she saw who it was. She wasn’t here for Jocelyn, who had made it perfectly clear she had no intentions of helping. Isabelle had never been good at asking people for help, and she was worse when she had to beg them for it.
Clary scrambled to her feet as Isabelle closed the door. She didn’t look like she’d gotten much sleep the night before either, and Isabelle winced at the hopefulness in her words as she asked if they’d heard anything from Jace.
“No.” Isabelle said, hating herself for it even though there was nothing she could have done about it. Clary’s face fell, “I- oh.”
“Clary-”
“I’m sorry.” Clary said. She cleared her throat and took a tentative step towards Isabelle, “I shouldn’t have- we heard about your mother.”
Isabelle felt herself tense up, trying to hide it as she turned away from Clary. That however put Jocelyn right in her line of sight, and Jocelyn was looking at her with the worst possible emotion she could have had: pity. Resentment flooded through her. She didn’t want anyone’s pity, least of all Jocelyn’s.
“Come with me.” Isabelle said, taking Clary’s hand in hers. Jocelyn’s face hardened instantaneously, and in any other situation Isabelle might have found the drastic change in emotions amusing.
“Where are you taking her?” Jocelyn demanded.
“I’m being fitted for my funeral dress.” Isabelle said, “I want Clary to help me.”
Jocelyn, despite herself, faltered, clearly trying to decide if it was worth it to deprive Isabelle of this given the situation, “Is there no one else that can offer you assistance?”
It was Clary who responded first, before Isabelle could temper her own annoyance enough to think of something to say. “I want to go.” Clary said, “Isabelle is my friend-”
“No one in this palace is your friend.” Jocelyn snapped. She recoiled the moment she said the words, but didn't make any attempt to take them back.
“Would your friends have thrown you out and left you to rot the way that they did?” Jocelyn demanded, “Clarissa-”
But Clary only moved closer towards the door, pulling Isabelle with her, “I’m going with Isabelle. You tell me all the time how unfair it was that we were blamed for what Valentine did, but you want me to blame Isabelle and Jace and Alec for what their father did? They were children when it happened, they had no say!”
“Clary, please.” Jocelyn said weakly. She looked pale, and as aggravated as Isabelle often found herself when forced to interact with her, she couldn’t help but be sympathetic. She reminded herself that Jocelyn had suffered a great deal at the hands of the palace. “I just want you to be safe.” Jocelyn said brokenly.
Clary shook her head, “It's just a dress fitting. I'll be right back."
Isabelle could feel Jocelyn’s gaze piercing into her as she and Clary turned towards the door. Clary had her head down, and her grip on Isabelle’s hand had tightened slightly. Isabelle almost felt guilty- she was tearing Clary away from the only real family she had left- but she knew that Clary would want to be here.
She bent her head closer to Clary’s, enough that she could whisper to her without risk of Jocelyn overhearing, “I’ll explain as soon as I can, but don’t mention anything about Jace’s disappearance, or my mother.”
Clary frowned at her, “What-?”
Isabelle pulled open the door. Tessa pulled herself up from the wall she'd been leaning against, out of Jocelyn's immediate view. The Guard stood exactly where he’d been the last time Isabelle had seen him, and Isabelle shoved the key back into the lock and turned it, sealing Jocelyn alone in the room behind it.
Clary’s mouth fell open, looking between the three other people in the hall in stunned confusion. Isabelle released her hand as she fastened the key back to the Guards belt.
“You aren’t being fitted for a dress, are you?” Clary asked.
Isabelle shook her head, unable to help the small thrill of excitement that shot through her as she realized, for the first time, what they were really about to do. It was a welcome emotion, after all the helplessness and grief that had consumed her the past few days.
“No.” She said, “We’re going to the Silent City.”
“Why haven’t you done magic in years?” Isabelle asked, looking at Tessa. They rode along the depressingly silent roads of Alicante, driven by a man who’d introduced himself as Thomas. Isabelle, silently, feared for his safety- it was too dark for her to see anything out of her window besides faint outlines of the buildings they drove past and flickering street lights. Witchlight did little other than cast a faint glow around its immediate surroundings, so she had no idea how Thomas was guiding them through this Fog without crashing into something. Tessa sat stiffly, same as Clary, all three of them on edge as they neared the Silent City.
“I live in Alicante.” Tessa said in answer to her question, “I chose to give up my magic to start a life with Will.”
“Why didn’t you leave after he died?” Isabelle asked. Clary turn slightly towards them, though she said nothing. Isabelle knew she was recalling the plans she and Jace had discussed, but she'd refrained from asking anything more about them. Tessa had allowed them a few more minutes to change into travelling clothes before they left the palace, and Isabelle had used the privacy to catch Clary up on all that had happened.
Isabelle wondered about the nature of Clary and Tessa’s relationship. Tessa didn’t seem to have any ill-feelings towards Clary or her mother, but Clary had steadily avoided meeting the eyes of the other woman the entire time. 
Tessa laughed shortly at Isabelle’s question, “And go where? To live what life? Warlocks are outcasts, we live in hiding and isolated from everyone else. Occasionally a few of us might form a community of our own where we can practice magic away from those who think us evil for doing so, but most of us find it easier to leave it all behind and integrate into the rest of Idris.”
There was a long, uncomfortable silence.
“Doesn’t that get lonely?” Isabelle asked finally. She was starting to dread whatever Tessa was taking her to the Silent City to learn about, and in that same breath she was beginning to understand why the existence of witches and warlocks had been kept a secret from everyone for so long.
Tessa smiled, just a little sadly, but shook her head, “I have people I care about here, and people who care about me. That was always enough for me to stay, even if it meant giving up my magic.”
And what about the ones who don’t have that? Isabelle wanted to ask. She didn’t. She pulled the curtain back and returned to looking out the window, focusing her energy on trying to figure out where they were instead of the looming realization that her Kingdom might not have been as innocent as they’d painted themselves to be.
It was only a short amount of time before Tessa spoke again, “We’re here.”
The entrance to the Silent City was hidden behind a towering statue of Raziel. Idris’ motto was carved into its base, an elegant scrawl that read Descensus Averno facilis est. Tessa walked ahead of them. In her hand she held a spherical witchlight, glowing brightly and illuminating at least a short distance ahead of them, enough that Isabelle could see her own feet and a few steps ahead of her. She silently berated herself for not having thought about bringing her own, but the feeling was lost in the uncomfortable twisting sensation in her gut that told her she shouldn’t be there. The Silent City was the most secure location in all of Idris, and the most off limits. Despite her initial resolve, Isabelle felt only like a trespasser, walking along the stone pathway leading to its entrance.
Clary stuck close to Isabelle’s side. They had been dropped off at the gate by Thomas, who sat in the carriage waiting for their return. Tessa had told them that Jem was expecting them inside and had left the gates open for them, but they had to move quickly and quietly to avoid any of the other Brother’s noticing their arrival. Isabelle wondered what would happen to them if anyone found out they’d been here.           
The Silent Brother’s were an extremely secretive group that presided over the archives of the Silent City. Isabelle knew enough to know that the process of becoming a Silent Brother was long and excruciating, and with good reason- these people quite literally protected all of Idris’ greatest secrets. They were the safe-keepers of knowledge dating back hundreds of years. She felt as though she were stepping on sacred ground. She had never been meant to enter this place.
They approached a towering iron gate. In the shape of an X, two swords were carved into it, thin vines crawling up each bar. The gate stood slightly ajar, opening to a granite staircase that descended downwards. Whatever awaited them at the bottom was lost completely to darkness.
With a short glance back at them, Tessa pushed it open and slipped inside.
“Are you sure-” Clary asked hesitantly, looking after Tessa’s retreating form. She moved down the stairs cautiously but there was a sort of certainty to her as she went, as though she fully trusted her path. Had Tessa been here before?
Isabelle wasn’t sure of anything at all, but she nodded anyway in response to Clary’s question, “Yes.”
She walked through the gate.
  
    Chapter Text
    Lydia rounded the corner and slammed into the hard body of someone walking towards her. She stumbled backwards slightly before she caught herself again, Raj's hand on her upper arm to steady her. Lydia wrenched her arm away from him, her skin crawling where he’d touched her, and glared up at the Guard that she'd run into. She recognized him as Eric Hillchurch, and he was staring at her and Raj with wide, anxious eyes. He looked as though he’d seen a ghost, and it immediately sent a chill down Lydia’s spine. "Is there a problem?" Raj asked. He'd moved around Lydia so he no longer stood behind her, placing himself closer to Eric than she was. His shoulders were squared and his chin was raised in that proud, overly entitled way he had about himself. Lydia directed her glare at him before deciding that he wasn't actually worth her time, and then drew her focus back to the Eric with a frown."Did something happen?" She asked. She tried to go for a gentler tone than Raj’s intimidating one, but there was still an undeniable harshness to her words. She’d been looking for Isabelle, and hadn’t found her in any of her usual places. She wasn't in her bedroom or the Great Room and she couldn't go outside, to the gardens, where she might've been if not for the Fog. Lydia couldn’t shake the feeling that something bad had happened to her, and going to the room where Clarissa and Jocelyn Fray were being kept was her last, desperate hope for proving herself wrong.Eric looked visibly uncomfortable at the question, his hands shaking at his sides. He was of a lower rank than Lydia and Raj were, and she’d only ever seen him a handful of times since he’d come here. She wondered if this behavior was typical of him."The Princess," He started, still looking frantically all around them, like he was waiting for something to jump out at them at any moment, "She- she left."For a second, Lydia didn’t quite process the words. She told herself that Isabelle would never leave the palace, not after she’d been so upset about Alec doing the same. And it was dangerous out there. Isabelle knew about magic now. She would never take a risk like that.But wouldn't she? This was Isabelle- there was no risk she wouldn't take if she felt the outcome would be worth it.“What do you mean she left?” Lydia demanded, her eyes narrowing even as fear shot through her. Eric stammered something out, none of it a good enough or fast enough explanation to calm Lydia’s anger. She grabbed him by the collar of his coat and pulled him down so he was closer to her height. Behind her, she heard Raj call out her name in panic. Lydia ignored him.“Where did she go?” She pressed, “What do you mean she left?”Lydia was looking directly into his eyes, and she was close enough to him now that she saw it- a thin, almost translucent golden ring around his iris, shimmering slightly in a way that couldn't be natural. Lydia felt faint. Her hands twisted tighter in Eric's collar, enough that he let out a small whimper of complaint.There was a flash of movement at her side as Raj came closer to her, tentatively raising his hand in an attempt to stop her, “Lydia-”“Raj, be quiet.” Lydia snapped, eyes still on Eric. Whatever magic had influenced him was clearly fading, but enough of it lingered that he didn't seem able to form a full sentence yet. His fear didn’t help, and Lydia tried to have patience with him. She knew magic well enough. It wasn’t his fault he was taking so long. Still, the thought of Isabelle in any type of danger was enough to destroy any attempt at restraint on her part."Where did she go?” She asked again, calmer this time, “What do you remember?"“A w-witch!” Eric stuttered out, confirming Lydia's worst fears, “A witch took her!”
  “Where did she go?”
"The Silent City." Eric said hauntedly. Lydia released him, and he fell back against the wall and pressed his eyes shut. He was shaking all over now."It was horrible." He bemoaned, his voice scratchy, "The witch- she did something to me. It was like I was imprisoned in my own mind. I tried to resist her, I really did-"Lydia stared at him, trying to quell her fury, or at least direct it elsewhere. Taking it out on a Guard who'd clearly had no say in what happened to him wasn't the way to go. She knew that. But still-Raj came into her line of sight, the corner of his mouth tugged up into a cocky, knowing smirk that made Lydia see red, made only worse by his next words, "What did you say about the Princess, and there being nothing between the two of you?"Lydia’s hands clenched into fists at her side, "What in the name of the Angel are you on about-""I see that look on your face." Raj said accusingly, though he sounded nothing short of thrilled at his discovery, "You were ready to slice this guy's head off."There was a beat. A single moment of silence before Lydia reacted swiftly enough that she was barely conscious of her own actions. She darted forward, her hand connecting into the side of Raj’s head before he’d even had the time to realize what was happening and attempt to defend himself. Raj's body slumped in her arms, falling unconscious immediately.Part of her, a rather small and distant part, was disturbed at using her training in such a way. But it was Raj, she reminded herself. He would wake again in a few hours, albeit with a terrible headache, and would likely barely remember anything. She groaned slightly with the sudden weight of him, and Eric stared at her with newly found horror."Go." Lydia said to him, "And tell no one else what happened."Eric looked as though he wanted to argue. Lydia watched his own training war with his instincts for several long seconds, until he finally nodded slowly and pried himself off of the wall. Lydia recalled what Michael had said about Alec, the harshness in his eyes as he’d talked about Alec being a traitor to his Kingdom and siding with the warlocks. She knew how things would look if Isabelle was thought to be doing the same thing. At least Alec had some protection, being the Heir. What did Isabelle have?"No one." She repeated. She looked steadily at Eric, "Not even Michael. I'll take care of the witch myself."Isabelle entered into a world of pale gold, illuminated by the witchlight in Tessa’s hand and the torches that lined the walls. Her gaze drifted cautiously around her, at the long rows of marble arches that towered above them and the ominous hallways that gave way to darkness down each one. Upon closer inspection of the room, she noticed that the walls were engraved with intricate markings she’d never seen before- swirling lines that seemed more intentional than randomly drawn.She stared at them, trying to make sense of them, and was cut off by Clary entering into the room behind her. The door closed softly, but Isabelle still heard it too loudly in the silence of the room they were now enclosed in, shut off from the rest of the world.That feeling she’d had before was back tenfold. It told her, again, that she shouldn’t be here.“They’re runes.” A voice said from her side. Isabelle nearly jumped out of her own skin as she spun around to confront its owner, a hand shooting up to cover her mouth at the instinctive scream she’d let out. Clary’s hand was on her arm, sharp nails digging into Isabelle's skin. A man had appeared in the room with them, and only Tessa look neither surprised nor startled to see him.“Jem.” She scolded with a sigh, “You really do have to stop doing that.”The man gave her a gentle smile, and there was a fond look in his eyes as he watched her before he turned back onto Isabelle.“Your Highness.” He said with a short bow, “We’ve never met before. I wish it were under different circumstances.”Isabelle stared at him. She’d calmed herself down, somewhat, but not entirely. Still, she managed to make herself form words, “As do I.”“Isabelle, Clarissa, this is Brother Zachariah of the Silent Brothers.” Tessa said, and then added with a particular softness that seemed only for him, “Though once, he was called James Carstairs.”“You’re really a Silent Brother.” Clary said. Her eyes were wide and Isabelle couldn’t blame her for her shock. The Brother’s took up permanent residence in the Silent City, and they were rarely ever seen by outsiders. There were rumors throughout Idris, Isabelle knew, that the Brother’s were fearsome creatures, capable of striking you down with a single look. Isabelle knew that none of this was true- being the Princess she had seen Silent Brother’s before, albeit from afar and only twice, but a part of her had still expected to find a much more gruesome figure.James Carstairs, or Jem, as Isabelle recalled, looked perfectly normal. He was young, looking the same age as Tessa, which surprised Isabelle further. The Brother’s she’d seen had all been much older. The only thing odd about Jem was the single white streak that ran through his otherwise dark hair, and he wore simple, parchment colored robes with designs sewn into the cuffs- the same swirling symbols Isabelle had noticed on the walls.Runes, Jem had called them.Before Isabelle could inquire further, Jem moved away from her and looked at Clary instead, “I am. And you’re Clarissa Morgenstern.”Isabelle felt, rather than saw, Clary’s reaction to those words. She flared up instantly, her entire body going rigid, and she looked at Jem with defiance.“Fray.” She corrected, “My name is Clary Fray.”If Jem was startled by her outburst, he didn't show it, “Of course. Forgive me. I only thought that you wouldn’t want to be called the name that was forced onto you.”“I want nothing to do with my father.” Clary said, “I’m not a Morgenstern, not anymore. If you must call me something other than ‘Fray’, call me Fairchild.”“Your mother’s maiden name?” Tessa asked, sounding surprised.“We couldn’t have it formally changed.” Clary said, “We tried after Valentine died. We petitioned the King for our sentence to be lifted and to be allowed use of the Fairchild name, and he refused. My grandparents died before I was born and my mother had no siblings. I am my mother's only child. The Fairchild name ended when she became a Morgenstern, and there’s no way for us to get it back.”The room fell silent.Isabelle had never liked Jocelyn and she still couldn’t stand to be around her for very long, but she’d always carried around a sense of guilt over what had happened to her and Clary. She wondered if this, bringing Clary here, had been her subconscious attempt at doing what she could to fix their situation. If not for being outcast, Clary would have been right next to her at the palace from the moment Jace first disappeared. Clary should be here now.Jem turned towards Tessa, “Will Prince Alexander and Jonathan be joining us?”“No.” Tessa said, “They couldn’t make it.”“Then we should go. It’s not safe for us to be out in the open like this.” Jem said. He looked back over at Isabelle and Clary, “I’m doing this as a favor to Tessa and because I believe it's the right thing to do. Other people will think differently, and so no one can ever know that you were inside the Silent City.”Isabelle nodded wordlessly and saw Clary do the same. Jem turned sharply and suddenly, but he moved with a sort of grace to him as he walked down the path that Isabelle suspected he’d come out from, disappearing into the darkness and seemingly undisturbed by it. She couldn’t see his feet due to the length of his robes as they followed after him, and it appeared almost as though he was floating on thin air.Clary had let go of Isabelle’s arm but they both stuck close to each other anyway, walking between Jem and Tessa with all the apprehension of prisoner’s moving towards their execution. They walked for a long time, the hallway was long and got narrower the further they went, until Isabelle and Clary had to stop walking side-by-side so that Clary was behind her instead. Tessa had put away her witchlight and now they were guided solely by the torches until finally Isabelle could see the shape of a door ahead of them. Jem stopped in front of it, reaching into a pocket in his robe to pull out a circle of bronze-colored keys.There were several locks, and Isabelle stared at them uncertainly as Jem fitted keys into each one, one after the other. She kept glancing back the way they'd come, fully expecting someone to come down and find them. She was relieved when the door finally swung open with a low groan, and Jem led them into the room behind it.“That seemed too easy.” Clary said, voicing Isabelle’s thoughts.“This is only one of the archival rooms of the Silent City.” Jem explained, “But it’s kept for simple information. No one comes down here. I took the liberty of preparing the books we will need and bringing it into this room ahead of time.”Isabelle looked around. All of the walls were lined with bookcases and each one was crammed full with books. A giant wooden table stood in the middle of the room, tall enough for someone to stand upright at, and Isabelle couldn’t help but walk further inside, drawing nearer to it. The table held several books, but their covers were empty save for a single symbol on each.“Those symbols.” She said, pointing. This room was also filled with them, twisting up the walls, etched into the legs of the table and the sides of the bookcases. Isabelle stared at them, transfixed. They were beautiful.“Runes.” Jem said again. He moved forward and came to stand next to her, “The ones on these books are meant to keep them locked. They’re angelic markings.”It was Clary who answered, “Angelic?”“Do you know the story of the Angel?” Jem asked, “Of Jonathan Shadowhunter?”He had appeared beside them at the table, and he pulled the book closer so that Isabelle and Clary both had a better view of it. Isabelle didn’t dare reach out to touch it.“Of course we do.” She said, “Everyone in Idris knows that story. It’s how we were founded. It’s why we worship the Angel.”Jonathan Shadowhunter had been a warrior, she recalled, who’d fled his own land to avoid persecution and stumbled upon a deserted wasteland. With him he’d had his wife and his best friend, and a small group of other soldiers who’d fled with them. They had set up a camp in a forest with the intent of hiding out until it was safe to go back to their home. One night, an Angel had visited Jonathan in his sleep and told him that he was destined to achieve great things. That Angel had been Raziel, and he’d told Jonathan that the land they currently stood on would be his to rule over. He’d called it Idris, and he had made Jonathan the First King.“Idris was a gift from the Angel.” Clary said, “He wanted Jonathan and his people to have a safe place to call their home, where they could create a new Kingdom. A better one.”“Yes.” Tessa said, “But that isn’t all of it.”Isabelle watched her, trying to decipher the expression she wore. Tessa’s fingers traced delicately over the worn edges of one of the books, and after much deliberation and silently exchanged looks with Clary, Isabelle reached for one and flipped it open. It landed on a page that bore an image she knew well enough: Raziel coming out of Lake Lyn, the place where he’d first appeared to Jonathan Shadowhunter. The lake had been lost for as long as anyone could remember, and most people thought that it had been destroyed, or that it had never been real at all and had only ever existed in Jonathon Shadowhunter's dream.“The history you know tells you that Raziel only appeared once, but that isn’t true.” Tessa continued, “He was summoned to Idris a second time.”"A second time?" Isabelle asked, staring, “Summoned?”            Jem spread his hand out on the page of the book she was looking at, turning it again, “Yes. As Idris grew into the Kingdom Raziel had envisioned it to be, so did its people. Once, in the earliest days, warlocks had a tentative but respectful relationship with the rest of Idris. What do you know of that story?”With a sinking feeling in her chest, Isabelle recited the stories she’d been told as a child. Warlocks had existed in the time of Jonathan Shadowhunter’s reign, and Jonathan had offered them peace in the form of a treaty known as the Accords. The warlocks had refused, deeming themselves superior and wanting full control of the Kingdom. They’d staged an uprising, attempting to overthrow the monarchy and seize that power for themselves. Idris had won, in the end, and most warlocks had fled the Kingdom never to be heard from again.There was a grim look on Jem’s face, and Tessa’s too, as the four of them looked down at the pages of the book in front of them. They flipped through it slowly, Isabelle’s horror rising the further along they went, each one seeming worse than the last. She wasn’t sure what was worse. The actual book, or Jem’s narration of it.“The warlocks were offered a peace treaty of sorts, in the form of the Accords; that much is true.” Jem said, “But not in the way that the stories were told. Jonathan Shadowhunter grew greedy. He wanted the magic that warlocks had for himself, and he saw no reason why he shouldn’t have it. He believed all that Raziel had told him -that he was destined for greatness- and he thought, what was greater than magic?”“But the warlocks refused him.” Jem continued, “The Accords meant that the warlocks would have to share their magic with Jonathan and with the rest of Idris as well. When Jonathan proposed it to the people of his Kingdom, he got many avid supporters. Magic was coveted and everyone wanted it, none more so than the people that couldn't have it. The warlocks refused to agree to those terms. They considered themselves the keepers of magic. They knew the dangers of sharing it with people who could not properly wield its power. Magic, in the wrong hands, could lead to horrible things. Jonathan, however, refused to listen their warnings. He wanted it and he was willing to do whatever was necessary to have it. A war broke out between Idris and the warlocks, both sides suffering great losses. Jonathan’s desperation nearly drove him to madness, until, eventually, he took one of the warlocks hostage and forced them to create a spell to summon Raziel. Jonathan knew that Raziel thought highly of him and he felt that the Angel would understand his plight. Raziel came back to Idris for the second time, and Jonathan stated his request. He asked for a way to defeat the warlocks, and Raziel granted it.”Clary let out a small gasp, disbelief coloring her tone, “The Angel would never do that. How could he…”Jem looked at her, “The first time Raziel visited Jonathan, he gave him two items, a sword and a cup. He called them the Mortal Instruments. He told Jonathan that he would only be able to summon him to Idris once ever again, and that he should use the Instruments wisely. They were powerful devices, and when combined with the water from Lake Lyn, they were capable of compelling a wish from the Angel.”Isabelle was quiet. She couldn’t even begin to comprehend the magnitude of such a gift. To be able to compel an Angel for a wish, and to have that Angel be Raziel? It was unfathomable. And she loathed the fact that such a great gift had been given to Jonathan Shadowhunter, a man who chose to do such terrible things with it. She almost didn’t want to hear the rest of the story, the horror of it was too much to bear, but morbid curiosity and her own anger won her out.“Why would Raziel allow that?” Clary asked, “Jonathan wanted something that wasn’t his. Why would the Angel give him a way to do it?”Jem shook his head, “It didn’t matter. Jonathan possessed the Mortal Instruments and he could have had anything that he wanted. That was Raziel’s gift to him, and he abused it in the worst way imaginable. He asked for a way to defeat the warlocks, and Raziel gave it to him. He mixed his blood with the water from Lake Lyn into the Mortal Cup and had Jonathan and his men drink from it, giving them the power to withstand angelic Runes, these symbols that you see etched into the walls of the Silent City. These Runes gave Jonathan and his soldier’s unparalleled physical abilities. They were stronger, faster, and better fighters than anyone could have imagined. Raziel also created Adamas, the heavenly material that goes around the city. Adamas is the only thing strong enough to render magic useless, and Jonathan knew it. He lured the warlocks into Alicante, knowing that they wouldn’t be able to fight back, and he and his soldiers slaughtered them all.”Once again, Isabelle tried to read the expression on Tessa’s face and couldn’t. It was closed off entirely, and she only stared blankly down at the book in front of her. This book read like a diary, documentations signed by names Isabelle could recall from all of the history lessons she’d been made to take as a child. These were the people that had founded her Kingdom. The ones whose names she’d learned to regard as heroes. And yet the more she read from them, and about them, the more she couldn’t help but think of them as the villains.In the book's drawings, it was easy to identify the fighters that were of Idris and those that belonged to the warlocks. Jonathan Shadowhunter led his team armed with a long silver sword, its blade glittering with a vicious sort of beauty."The Mortal Sword." Jem said, touching it lightly. Jonathan and the rest of his soldiers were adorned with symbols -runes- swirling lines of black that decorated their skin. They looked heavenly, bathed in the golden glow from the sky above them. They advanced on the warlocks with the ease and sureness of people who knew they would win.“It’s all recorded here, in these books.” Jem said, “Fragments of a history long forgotten. We don't know much about warlocks, and it's same to assume that we never did. They were very secretive about their practices. We don't know where they came from or who created them, or how they ended up in Idris. We do know they had a city of their own, called Edom. In it was the Spiral Labyrinth, an archive of magic that served a purpose similar to the Silent City. The Spiral Labyrinth was the central location of all magical knowledge and research. It was Guarded by the Spiral Council, and Jonathan thought: with most of the warlocks gone, surely Idris would have access to it? But when he got there, Edom had been destroyed and the Labyrinth was nowhere to be found. He searched for it for years, right up to the day of his death, but it was like the entire city had disappeared into thin air.”Jem flipped the pages again, and this time it landed on an image that Isabelle could identify immediately, now that it had been described to her. The ruins of what must have once been Edom, a deserted land with a flaming sky and a scorched ground. The tallest tower in the middle of it stood tall. Isabelle knew it was meant to be the Spiral Labyrinth, or what had been left of it. And she couldn’t help but imagine Alicante in such a state- her beautiful city destroyed, no longer recognizable as what it was now. She stared at the drawing of Edom, feeling only emptiness, and then a sudden surge of rage so powerful it caught her entirely off guard.“They covered this up.” She said tonelessly, “They knew about this. My parents, the Guards-” Lydia.“The only ones that know the truth of what took place, aside from the Brother's of the Silent City, are the sitting Monarch and the head of the Palace Guard.” Jem cut her off, “It’s sort of a tradition, I’ve been told. When one Monarch dies and another ascends the throne, control over this knowledge falls to them. Robert chose to tell Michael Wayland because he trusts him. Jonathan Shadowhunter made sure that only a small group of people would know the truth. He wanted no one to know what really happened, and he didn’t want his failure to tarnish the reputation of his Kingdom. He crafted his own story, and locked away the truth behind these walls. Over the years, time has warped that truth into nothing but legends. There is no one left alive today to remember what took place all those years ago. Most of the surviving warlocks, and there were not many of them, fled Idris entirely. Those who remain today live in hiding. The Spiral Labyrinth was never found, and the only known archives that exist of what truly took place are those of the Silent Brother’s.”Clary turned on him, "And why don't the Brother's do anything? To know all of this and not say something-""The Brother's of the Silent City are bound to the will of the King." Jem said, though a look of great sadness came over him. It was clear that he wished his words weren't true.Still, the harrowing thought echoed in Isabelle's mind: Her father had known. Robert knew it all, and like Jonathan Shadowhunter he’d been a coward too afraid of his own reputation to tell the truth. Him and Michael Wayland, who Isabelle knew would happily walk over a cliff if he thought it would please Robert to see him do so. Of course he hadn't said anything either.And what about Alec? Her brother was one of the most fair and just persons that Isabelle knew. One day, he would be expected to shoulder the burden of this knowledge himself. She couldn’t imagine Alec agreeing to such a thing, but would he really have a choice?Isabelle shook her head, attempting to clear it, "Where are the Mortal Instruments now?""Destroyed." Jem said, "Remnants of the sword's blade have since been found, but not enough to create a new one. And besides, it was a weapon crafted by Raziel himself; there is no repairing it.""And the cup?" Clary asked."The cup is also gone. It met a similar fate. We can only assume that Jonathon destroyed them both himself." The room was quiet as Isabelle and Clary took in all that they'd been told. Jem gave them a sympathetic look, focusing especially on Isabelle, seeming to understand the turmoil she now faced.“Your father, like all Monarch’s before him, believed that if this truth got out it could cause panic amongst the people of Idris.” Jem said, as though he’d read her mind and knew exactly what she was thinking. Isabelle struggled to meet his eyes, but when she did they were only understanding, “It could lead to another uprising. Warlocks could revolt. There would be chaos.”Jem said all of this in the same steady voice he’d been using throughout this meeting, though there was just enough of an inflection to his words that it was clear he didn’t believe any of what he’d just said.Excuses, Isabelle thought. They were nothing more than excuses.“But- surely... that’s horrible.” Clary said faintly, “They murdered them. Someone has to know. Someone has to- I don’t know, do something!”Isabelle agreed, though she couldn’t get past her own fury to voice the words. Isabelle wanted, more than anything, to reveal all that she’d found out to everyone in Idris. She wanted to burn the legacy of Jonathan Shadowhunter to the ground. But that would mean revealing that Jem had helped her, and she couldn’t risk that.“Why did you tell me this?” Isabelle asked softly, “What do you want me to do with this?”Tessa’s eyes were a darker shade of gray than usual."I believe you'll do what you think is right." Tessa said simply, “I told you because it’s not fair to you, to live in such close proximity to those that know the truth without ever knowing for yourself what the truth actually is. I told you because you’re the Princess, and maybe I’ve lost hope for your father but I believe that his children have the capacity to be better than him. You asked me why I stayed in Alicante all these years, and maybe this is part of the reason. Most people in Idris don't believe in magic, and yet they're afraid of it, because fear is what they've been taught. It's all they know. They weren’t given a choice. But you were. Now you just have to decide what you’ll do with it.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Consciousness washed over Magnus all at once. He jolted awake with ragged, uneven intakes of breath that felt like barbed wire scraping through his chest. His nightmare lingered still on his mind and Magnus forced it back down even as Anisa’s face stayed a clear picture. As it often was, the image of his mother was accompanied by the memory of blood-stained walls and that night so many years ago. 


  The racing beat of his heart didn’t even out as he recalled, with near perfect clarity, the frail material of the bed’s canopy clutched between his too small fingers. He could still remember the shadow of his father looming over him and the sight of his mother’s blood stained nightgown. 


  It was a nightmare that he often had. But time and frequency had not made it any easier to bear.


  As Magnus tried to calm his breathing, the person sitting next to him cleared his throat. Magnus’ entire body went rigid as the memory of his mother gave way to what had happened 
  
    before
  
   he’d fallen asleep. Yet another thing he’d badly hoped to forget.


  “Alexander.” He sighed, and it was a barely audible word.
   He ran his hands through his hair and pushed it out of his face, though he couldn’t bring himself to look in Alec’s direction. 
  
    One breath, 
  
  he reminded himself. 
  
    Two breaths. 
  


  “You stayed.” Magnus said, when he finally found his voice again. He’d have been entirely unsurprised to wake up and find Alec gone. Guilt tore through him as he remembered more vividly what he’d done, and it was a strange emotion to have where Alec was concerned. Magnus had never expected to care enough about the Prince for 
  
    guilt
  
   to be something he felt towards him. And even now, Magnus still told himself that he 
  
    didn’t
  
   care, that the discomfort he felt with Alec staying here after what Magnus had done to him was something else entirely. 


  There was no immediate reply, and for a brief second Magnus wondered if his childhood hallucinations had also returned, and his mind had only fabricated the sound of Alec still in his bed. 


  Alec, however, said in too clear a voice for it to be anything 
  
    but 
  
  real, “I stayed.”


  Magnus looked at him then. 


  Alec was sitting not on the bed but in the arm chair that was pushed into the corner of the room. The light from the mid-morning sun streamed in through the open windows, and Alec watched him with questioning eyes but voiced none of his queries out loud. Magnus found himself oddly grateful for it even as his own eyes left Alec and searched his room. 


  He knew, even before he looked, that something was wrong. His 
  
    Keris
  
   was such an instrumental part of himself that at least one piece of his awareness was always in tune with it, and sure enough, when Magnus looked, it wasn’t on the vanity where he’d left it. Magnus froze, his eyes darting back to Alec with his mouth already open on a question of his own-


  And Alec brought his hand forward. In it, he held the missing dagger. 


  It was out of its sheath, the blade sparkling gold, and Magnus felt as though the ground had been pulled out from underneath him quite suddenly. His hands yearned to reach out for it and he only narrowly resisted doing so. He felt 
  
    wrong
  
   with his Keris in anyone’s hands but his. Especially Alec’s. 


  Especially after last night.


  “Alexander.” Magnus said, and there was enough of a warning on his tongue that he was sure Alec heard it. Magnus slowly pushed himself upwards.


  Alec was still looking at him like there was a lot he wanted to say. Magnus wasn’t exceptionally interested in anything Alec had to say beyond 
  
    why he was holding the Keris,
  
   but he wondered, vaguely, how long Alec had been awake, disliking the possibility that Alec might have seen him while he was having his nightmare.


  In the year they’d been seeing each other, Alec had only stayed over a handful of times, usually when he was too tired to travel all the way back to the palace safely. And even those times, Magnus had rarely ever slept in the same bed as him.
  
     He couldn’t.
  
   Not when there stood the chance of Alec seeing him like this. 


  Alec didn’t get to see Magnus’ vulnerabilities stripped down like that. 


  And it was the reminder of that that forced Magnus out of the bed and onto his feet before he’d even fully processed his movement. Alec held in his hands what was perhaps Magnus’ biggest vulnerability. And Alec wasn’t stupid- he knew how Magnus felt about the 
  
    Keris
  
   even if Magnus had never been particularly forthcoming about it. He’d taken it for a reason.


  “Why are you still here?” Magnus demanded. His eyes moved between Alec’s and the dagger, his vision blurring around the edges as he forced himself to focus past his rising anger. Alec didn’t appear affected by Magnus' reaction at all, not even flinching as Magnus erred closer to him. His grip on the dagger tightened, and it took every bit of self control in Magnus' body to keep his magic at bay and prevent it from lashing out.


  “If you're expecting some kind of apology, you're not going to get one." Magnus said thinly. Alec made a disbelieving sound.


  “I don’t expect an apology.” He said, “I don’t expect anything from you. But I do want the truth. You owe me that much.”


  And if Magnus had been angry before, he was practically 
  
    livid 
  
  now. “I don’t
  
     owe
  
   you anything.”


  “Last night.” Alec said.  Magnus held himself perfectly still. Alec was 
  
    right there-
  
   the 
  
    Keris
  
   was right there-


  Magnus’ magic danced around his fingertips, and Magnus curled them inwards. 
  
    One breath.
  


  Alec got to his feet, “Was that the first time you used magic on me?”


  Magnus gritted his teeth together, “Give me the dagger, Alexander.” 


  Alec had put on his trousers at some point. They hung low on his hips, his chest bare, and whatever guilt Magnus had felt earlier disappeared instantly to be replaced with regret that he hadn’t done 
  
    more. 
  
  The previous night came back to Magnus’ memory in fractured recollections, and the reminder of all that had transpired between himself and Alec even before they’d gotten to the bed unsettled Magnus even further. Idris’ Queen was dead. Alexander’s mother was 
  
    dead.
  
   And Alec had allowed Magnus to- 
  
    Lilith,
  
   what had he done? 


  Of course Alec had come here to distract himself. And Magnus, who was achingly familiar with the desperation of wanting to avoid things like that, understood far too well what Alec was going through.


  But he hadn't thought of that last night. He'd not been able to see past his own anger. Just like he wasn’t able to see past it 
  
    now,
  
   with Alec holding the thing that Magnus treasured above all else.


  In one quick move, Magnus raised his hand and called the 
  
    Keris
  
   to him. It flew out of Alec’s grip without a fight and landed in Magnus’ palm, and Magnus’ fingers closed around it as that tight feeling in his chest released just a little bit. 


  His anger, however, was still there.


  “You should go.” Magnus said, slowly, “Before I decide to do much worse to you.” 


  Alec didn’t move, “You haven’t answered my question.”


  “Why the fuck does it even matter now?” Magnus asked. He waved his hand again and the Keris disappeared, back in its sheath and stored away safely. Still, Magnus’ peace of mind had yet to fully return, and he doubted it ever would so long as Alec was still this close to him. 


  “I’ve been coming here for over a year.” Alec said. He was tense- the softness of his features that had been there last night and earlier that morning when Magnus had woken him up almost entirely melted away now, “And this entire time you’ve been able to do- that. I don’t know what you could've done to me.” 


  There was a single moment of silence between them. Neither of them moved. Everything in the room went so still that Magnus didn’t think either of them were even breathing. And then Magnus saw red.


  He darted forward, and this time Alec finally reacted as Magnus advanced on him. Alec’s back hit the wall as Magnus pressed in closer, and only then did it finally occur to Magnus that he had never put on any clothes himself, so caught up he’d been in getting his 
  
    Keris 
  
  back.


  One of his hands came up, caging Alec in, and Alec watched him with widening eyes and his lips parting slightly. He didn’t look 
  
    afraid,
  
   though, which only served to further fuel Magnus’ anger.


  “Don’t you 
  
    dare.”
  
   Magnus hissed, “You don’t get to stand there and act like you're some kind of 
  
    victim
  
   in this. You think magic could’ve made you want the things you begged me to do to you? Is that what you plan to tell your father when you go back to your palace, Alec? That the 
  
    warlock 
  
  made you do it.” 


  Alec’s flinched, just enough for Magnus to recognize it and feel that distant sense of satisfaction that he was finally getting through to him. It was a minimal effort on Magnus’ part to call his magic forward and rob Alec of whatever modesty he had left, his trousers disappearing and leaving Alec naked before him. 


  “Leave then.” Magnus said, tilting his head towards the door in invitation. With the hand that wasn’t pressed against the wall, he traced a single finger along the length of Alec’s hardening cock. Alec made a low sound that might have been an attempt at words, but it wasn’t nearly intelligible enough for Magnus to pay attention to it.


  He didn’t pull away, nor did he try to fight Magnus off. Magnus saw his determination to stay upright, at Magnus’ level, and the adamant refusal to look away or give in to Magnus' taunts. 


  And understanding dawned on Magnus.


  “Do you need the reminder of just how much you enjoy everything I do to you?” He asked, leaning in closer to brush his lips against Alec’s. He moved his hand on Alec's cock slowly, his touch barely a tease as Alec bit down on his bottom lip, no doubt preventing himself from asking for more.


  “That wasn’t an answer, Alexander.” Magnus said, running his thumb along Alec’s head. The Prince’s eyes fluttered shut, his head falling back against the wall with a breathy moan.


  Magnus leaned in and brushed his lips against Alec's in a chaste kiss, murmuring, “I know what you’re doing.” 


  Because of course he did. How could he not know? It was the only reason he could fathom for why Alec was still 
  
    here. 
  
  Magnus released him and stepped back, and Alec took a deep breath as he tried to steady himself.


  Magnus watched him, "You're just as bad as I am."


  Alec's hands twitched where he’d pressed them against the wall. His cock was hard and precome beaded at the tip, and he no doubt wanted to bring himself some sort of relief after Magnus had left him like that. Magnus’ eyes narrowed, waiting, but Alec didn’t dare move even as he said, 
  “You have an advantage.” 


  “The only difference between the two of us is that I’m honest about who I am.” Magnus countered, “You just lie to everyone, including yourself.” 


  Alec, finally, opened his eyes. Heated desire clouded them over. “I’m not lying now.” 


  A pause.


  “No.” Magnus said, “No, you’re not.”


  He walked over to the bed, feeling Alec’s eyes on him as he climbed back into it and propped himself up against the headboards, “You’re not leaving?” 


  “No.” Alec said. His gaze fell, only briefly, enough that Magnus caught the slight tremor of uncertainty in his voice at the word. 


  “I thought you didn’t trust me.”


  “I don’t.”


  “Come here.” Magnus said quietly. Alec, for a long while, didn’t move at all, but Magnus said nothing more. Eventually he came, as Magnus knew he would, shaking slightly as he straddled Magnus’ thighs with one of Magnus’ hands on his waist to steady him. 


  Alec’s nails dug into Magnus’ arms where he held him tightly enough to sting. He held Magnus’ gaze, a hundred conflicting emotions in his eyes.


  “You didn’t answer my question.” Alec said.


  And Magnus had no intention of changing that. He moved his free hand up to Alec’s hair, twisting his fingers between the stands until he had a loose grip on it. He tilted Alec’s head back and pressed soft kisses against his jawline and down the line of his neck. His lips barely touched Alec’s skin- Magnus made sure of it, pulling Alec back whenever he tried to press further into it. But it was enough to have Alec parting his lips, just slightly, a barely audible moan escaping him. 


  Alec was beautiful all the time, Magnus thought, but especially like this, when he was completely, entirely, undoubtedly 
  
    Magnus’.
  
   When Magnus knew that Alec was malleable to whatever Magnus wanted to do with him. 
  Alec might belong to all of Idris and spend most of his time in service to them, but when he was here, like this, Magnus got to watch all of that fade away until Alec’s mind registered it as nothing more than a secondary, passing thought to whatever Magnus desired from him. 


  And it was 
  
    dangerous,
  
   Magnus knew, the way he felt with that control at his fingertips. He didn't need magic to have this, but he way he wanted to 
  
    own
  
   Alec in a way that wouldn't come to him without magic. He wanted to keep Alec locked away in this house or sequester them both off somewhere far away from Idris where no one would ever find them. 


  Alec was, by all means, a powerful man in his own right. Alec couldn’t belong to him. As much as Magnus might be the only one who got to see this side of him, Alec would always have to leave at the end of it. 


  But Magnus wanted him so badly it hurt sometimes, and not just the parts that Alec was willing to give. He wanted everything that Alec was. He wanted Alec to surrender that last tendril of control he had over himself, to give up all the pieces of himself that belonged to Idris and not 
  
    Magnus. 
  
  He wanted it so much that, last night, h
  e’d only barely managed to stop himself from fully giving in and 
  
    taking
  
   it. 


  “Magnus…” Alec said, his voice sharper than it had been before, and Magnus’ vision whited out for just a second as he recalled one last memory he’d tried so hard to get rid of.


  He should let Alec go. They were bad for each other. Their entire relationship was just a never ending circle of things neither of them could have and it was slowly driving Magnus insane. Now, especially, with Asmodeus alive and off doing Lilith knows what, Magnus had no time in his life for 
  
    this.
  


  But sometimes Magnus thought that he would burn down all of Idris if he got to keep Alec for himself. A small price to pay, wouldn't it be? Luckily, he had no real reason to truly test himself on that -not yet anyway- not when Alec was here, ready and willing to do whatever Magnus asked of him. 


  And he reasoned with himself that if it meant wielding just enough of his magic to keep Alec like that...


  “Yes.” Magnus said, “That was the first time.”


  He didn’t give Alec time to think too deeply about it. He continued with his ministrations until Alec’s hips started moving with soft, almost hesitant thrusts. Quiet sounds were pulled from his throat as his cock rubbed against Magnus, eager for an actual
  
     touch
  
   that Magnus kept refusing to give him. 


  Magnus moved the hand on Alec’s upper thigh up just a little further, enough that if he wanted to, he could reach out and brush his fingers against where Alec craved it most. And then instead of doing that, Magnus moved his hands away entirely. Alec’s eyes were glassy and hooded, his entire body flushed delectably and his lip red from where he’d been biting into it. It made Magnus want to kiss him again, to pry those lips apart and lick into Alec’s mouth until Alec was a writhing mess underneath him.


  Alec leaned in closer to Magnus, and Magnus’ grip on his hair went from gentle to harsh in half of a second. He pulled Alec back, smiling at the broken sound that escaped the other man as he did. He half expected Alec to try again, but Alec surprised him and stayed where Magnus held him. Only the look in his eyes gave away any complaint. Magnus pressed a small kiss to the side of Alec’s mouth in reward, but it was gone far too soon for Alec to actually get anything out of it. He directed Alec’s head closer to him, let Alec think he was going to give him what he wanted, and instead adjusted them both so that Magnus could whisper into his ear.


  “I want your hands on my cock.” He said, stroking small, teasing circles on Alec’s thigh as he did, “You’re too sore for me to fuck you again. I want to watch you while you get me off with your hands.”


  Alec closed his eyes and leaned forward, pressing his forehead to Magnus'. In reality, Magnus could probably fuck Alec again with no complaints from the Prince. He could probably push Alec to the very edge of what he could stand and Alec would take it all with no complaint. 
  
    He’d already proved that last night.
  
   But Magnus couldn’t entirely ignore that voice, small as it was, at the back of his mind that told him he’d gone too far before. He couldn't risk it again. 


  Magnus nipped at the shell of Alec’s ear and enjoyed the way Alec startled at it. Alec was hyper-sensitive all over, and Magnus loved when he got like this. Alec’s movements lacked their usual finesse, but the fact that Magnus was the cause of him being so unsteady after doing basically nothing was enough that Magnus was already half hard. His head fell back against the headboard as Alec lightly ran his nails down Magnus’ chest, and then Magnus felt Alec’s hand wrap around his cock and his mouth fell open with a low groan. He opened his eyes and he found Alec watching him intently. Alec readjusted his grip when he saw Magnus looking. He was stroking slowly, prolonging it, and Magnus knew exactly why even before Alec said the words out loud.


  “I want you to fuck me.” Alec said, his voice tight as though it was taking him great effort to hold himself back from just climbing onto Magnus’ dick himself.


  Magnus thrust up into Alec’s hand, “I’ve already told you-”


  “Please.” Alec’s hand moved just a little bit faster, enough that it caused Magnus’ breath to hitch,
  
     “Please.
  
   I’m not- I can take it. You know I can. I want you to come inside of me.” 


  Magnus didn't miss the switch in tactic, Alec's subtle appeal to Magnus' love of claiming him in that way. That wasn't Alec's goal, even though it was something he enjoyed too. What Alec wanted was to be fucked, hard, because then he could focus on that rather than everything he was trying to ignore. 


  Sex was basically a drug for him, at this point. And Magnus was his dealer.


  “I’ve already done that.” Magnus told him.  
  
    Angels, Alec was gorgeous like this. 
  
  Alec's cock was hard and pressing into Magnus' thigh but he’d stopped moving against Magnus’ aside from involuntary shuddering. He knew better, knew that Magnus wouldn’t be letting him get off anytime soon and he’d only be torturing himself by doing it. 


  He also knew that Magnus wasn’t going to fuck him, no matter how much he begged or tried to stall in getting Magnus off.


  Magnus tugged at his hair again, “Faster.”


  Alec made a small noise of complaint but listened, not that Magnus ever doubted that he would. His hand sped up, moving with intention, propelling Magnus towards his own climax. Magnus watched him as he did; watched the way Alec stared at him as though he couldn’t get enough, the way Alec bit at his bottom lip like he did when he concentrated.


  He tightened his grip in Alec’s hair and pulled the man forward without warning, crashing their mouths together and drinking in the cry it pulled from Alec. Magnus kissed him the way he knew Alec wanted it- with purpose, prying his mouth open and tracing Alec’s tongue with his, taking over entirely and not giving Alec much choice other than to give in to it.


  Magnus came with a groan, spilling his release over Alec’s hand as Alec worked him through it, only letting go when Magnus placed a hand over his to stop him. Alec was breathing just as heavily as he was. Magnus raised their joint hands to Alec's lips, his intent clear without him having to voice it. Alec kept his eyes on Magnus as he opened his mouth and licked Magnus' come off his fingers, sucking them past his lips and softly moaning 
  around them. Magnus was sure that this was the closest he would ever come to heaven.


  “Such a filthy fucking angel.” Magnus murmured as Alec cleaned off the rest of his fingers. He finally released Alec’s hair and instead shifted his grip on Alec’s waist so that he could maneuver them around to how he wanted them. Alec lay flat on his back as Magnus’ hovered over him, both of his legs coming up on reflex so that his knees were in the air and his feet still on the bed, Magnus in between them. Magnus bent and kissed him again, gentler this time, tasting himself on Alec’s tongue. Alec looked so lost when Magnus eventually pulled away that Magnus almost took pity on him. 
  
    Almost.
  
   


  “Tell me about Michael Wayland.” Magnus said, his teeth scraping over a spot on Alec's neck. He was once again tempted to leave a mark somewhere where Alec and everyone that encountered him for a few days would be able to see it. 


  “Magnus-”


  “You took such a big risk coming all this way to tell me about him.” Magnus said with feigned empathy he knew Alec would see right through. When Alec tried to say something else, Magnus bit down harder. Alec arched up closer to him in response, “I want to know what I’m going up against.”


  “Fuck.” Alec swore beneath his breath. He tried to look away, and Magnus caught his chin between his fingers and turned Alec’s head back, refusing to let him even attempt it again, “Eyes on me, angel.”


  “Is that what this is about?” Alec asked, swallowing hard. His words sounded choked out, “You’re punishing me because I suggested you need to 
  
    protect yourself?”
  


  “This isn’t a punishment.” Magnus said, “But whether or not I make you come does depend on how much I like your answer.”


  "I'll just let your ego get you killed next time."


  Magnus bit down again, hard enough to leave a faint imprint, and Alec made a sound that was something between a moan and a strangled yell.


  “He’s an ass.” Alec said, breathing hard, “But he’s good at what he does. He’ll do anything if he thinks it’s the right thing to do.” 


  “He’s dangerous?”


  
    “Yes.”
  
   Alec said, but it came out as a moan as he writhed underneath Magnus’ touch.


  “Would you hate me if I killed him?” 


  Alec was looking straight at Magnus, and Magnus could see every single emotion that crossed his face. He couldn’t hide from Magnus like this, he’d never been able to, and so Magnus saw the exact moment that Alec thought the word 
  
    no.
  


  
    Interesting.
  


  He didn’t call him on it. He shifted again so that his thigh was in the perfect position for Alec to grind against it, pressing in so he could rub against Alec’s cock. The reaction from Alec was immediate and 
  
    fucking beautiful,
  
   his eyes slamming shut as he pushed against Magnus’ thigh with a stuttered out gasp. Magnus was sure that he could make Alec come like this if he let him grind against him for long enough and he was almost tempted to do it.


  Alec’s hands were fisting the sheets, opening and closing around the fabric as though he didn’t quite know what to do with them. Magnus took them both in one of his hands and moved them to the top of Alec’s head, holding the Prince down by his wrists. He gave in, his own desire to see Alec come with Magnus’ hand around his cock winning out over anything else. With his other hand, Magnus stroked him until Alec was almost sobbing from it, and it didn’t take more than a couple of minutes before Alec was losing himself to his own pleasure. 


  He cried out Magnus’ name in the most wretched, beautiful voice, tugging at something deep within Magnus’ chest, and Magnus closed whatever distance there was between the pair of them to swallow Alec’s cries with his own mouth once again.


Isabelle left the Silent City trying -and failing- to process all that had taken place during her visit. Her rage abated itself somewhat as she got to the top of the stairs, leaving in its place only confusion. The only thing that she was now sure of was that she needed to find Alec. Alec would have a plan, a good one, and he would know what to do.
She was still thinking of that when she walked out into the darkness, her head still spinning with questions and worries and now newfound fears. She was so preoccupied with her own thoughts that she didn’t quite notice the person lurking in the shadows beside the gate until they had stepped out and grabbed her by her wrist, yanking her aside. Isabelle yelled, her hand raised to fight back, until a witchlight appeared in front of her and illuminated her assailant's face.
“Lydia?” She demanded, and for some reason her fury only increased at this realization.
“Where’s the witch?” Lydia asked. Fear gripped Isabelle tightly, her first thought being that they'd been caught. She looked around, expecting to find her father and the other Guard's swarming the place, but no- Lydia was alone. She opened her mouth to respond, but Lydia’s question was answered for her when Tessa and Clary appeared.
Lydia dropped Isabelle’s hand and darted forward, a hand going to her belt to slip out the short-sword she'd attached there.
“Lydia!” Isabelle yelled, panicked. She pushed herself forward, but it was already too late. Lydia shoved Clary aside so that the girl stumbled and fell into Isabelle’s arms, and by the time Isabelle had righted them both, Lydia was advancing on Tessa with determination.
Tessa’s witchlight clattered to the ground, her hands raising defensively. Isabelle saw golden sparks flickering between Tessa’s fingers and had just enough time to yell out to her in an unsuccessful attempt to stop it, before Tessa was extending her hands towards Lydia with a forceful, open palmed gesture. Lydia went flying backwards, landing on the ground with an audible thump.
“Lydia!” Isabelle cried out.
Lydia’s blade slid out of her hand, landing just beside her body, close enough that it only took her a few seconds to snatch it back up. She didn't seem to hear Isabelle at all as she pushed herself back to her feet. All of her focus was trained on Tessa, moving towards her again, “Name yourself, witch!”
“Lydia- Lydia, stop it!” Isabelle demanded. She threw herself between the pair of them, holding up her hands to stop Lydia moving any closer. Lydia watched Isabelle with narrowed eyes, her gaze still darting behind her as though she didn’t entirely trust Tessa enough to let her out of her sight.
“What spell do you have her under?” Lydia demanded of Tessa. Her sword was still clutched tightly in her hand, “Release them both now, or I will take-”
“She doesn’t have me under a spell!” Isabelle said exasperatedly, “Please, will you just listen to me?”
Lydia stopped. She moved closer to Isabelle and looked at her intently, searching every feature of her face for something- Isabelle wasn’t sure what, but she let her look anyway.
“I’m here willingly.” Isabelle said. Lydia pulled back from her, though she didn’t look entirely certain of whether or not she believed what Isabelle was saying.
“Who is this?” Tessa asked.
Isabelle stiffened. She'd almost forgotten that Tessa was still there. She cleared her throat before responding, as steadily as she could manage, “This is Lydia Branwell, one of the Palace Guard's. Lydia, this is Tessa Gray.”
Lydia turned, glaring in Tessa's direction, “Is that her real name?”
Isabelle was about five seconds away from snapping. She would probably break something, if there were anything in her hands to break. Lydia knew Tessa. She’d known Tessa for years, but she looked at her now as though Tessa was a monster.
“Yes.” Tessa interjected, cutting Isabelle off just as she’d been about to say something, “My name is Tessa Gray.”
Tessa didn’t sound like herself, and Isabelle couldn’t blame her for the rage that was clearly simmering just below the surface of her carefully held together composure. Clary watched the scene unfold, moving tentatively towards Isabelle with slow, careful steps.
“What are you doing here, Ms. Branwell?”  Isabelle asked rigidly. Lydia had dropped her hand, though her grip on the blade didn't relax.
“I came to get you.” Lydia said, as though this were the most obvious answer in the world, and Isabelle was somehow in the wrong for not having figured that out. Lydia glanced back at Tessa and Clary once more, “What is this? Why did you come here with- with her?”
Isabelle bristled, and Lydia clearly realized she’d said something to further upset her because she retracted almost instantly;
“Can I speak to you alone?” She asked, “Away from... them?”
Isabelle almost refused, but there was still that small part of her that was unable to deny Lydia anything if she asked for it.
Isabelle nodded. She didn’t look up, but she heard footsteps behind her as Clary and Tessa walked off, back towards where Thomas awaited them. Lydia slid her blade back into her belt, rounding on Isabelle with a hard look, “What were you thinking?”
“I was thinking that no one in that palace ever tells me anything!" Isabelle snapped, "You all see me as some sort of helpless child that can’t take care of herself and I’m tired of it. I was thinking that Tessa is the only person that seems to think I should know what’s going on-”
“You do know what’s going on-”
“No!” Isabelle yelled, “No, I don't! And neither do you.”
Lydia’s brows furrowed, clearly not following the direction Isabelle had just, unintentionally, taken their conversation, “What are you talking about?”
“The Silent City.” Isabelle said. She lowered her voice though there was no one around to hear them anyway, her hands folded tightly around herself, “Everything we were told about what happened with magic, with the warlocks and the Great War- all of it was a lie, Lydia.”
Lydia stared at her as though nothing Isabelle said registered in her brain at all. And then her expression morphed, slowly, from confusion to anger, “This is the witch’s magic.” She hissed, grabbing onto Isabelle’s arm, “Isabelle, she has you under her spell, she did something to you-”
“Oh for the love of the Angels- Lydia.” Isabelle begged. She did not attempt to get Lydia to release her, just took a deep breath and stepped closer to her, putting herself into Lydia’s space. Lydia's eyes widened just a fraction at the suddenness of their proximity, and Isabelle was distantly aware that they had not been this close since that night.
She ignored the way her voice shook slightly as she said, imploringly, “This isn’t a spell. I’m not under anyone's magic. This is just me, and you. You know me, Lydia."
Isabelle cut herself off, her voice quiet as she forced herself to continue, "You probably know me better than anyone.”
Isabelle glanced away from her at the truth of the words, suddenly unable to stand the intensity of this moment. “You would be able to tell if this was a spell.” She said softly. Lydia’s grip on her wrist loosened. 
“It can’t be.” Lydia said, rushing to continue before Isabelle could contradict her, “No, Isabelle. I… I’ve been around magic before. Whatever you heard inside there, whatever the wi- whatever they told you, it isn’t true. It can’t be true.”
There was something heartbreakingly earnest about the words as Lydia spoke them, something that quelled the rising annoyance within Isabelle at not being believed and made her realize that this was way beyond her. Something had happened, Isabelle realized. Something before her, with Lydia and with magic, something Isabelle didn’t know of.
“We have to go.” Isabelle said, and then, despite the pain in Lydia’s eyes being so evident and so clear that it tore at Isabelle’s own heart to cause more of it, she said, “I need to go after Alec and Jace.”
Lydia had the reaction that Isabelle had expected. Her head whipped up, eyes incredulous, staring at Isabelle as though the only explanation for what she’d just said was that Lydia had heard it wrong. Isabelle held her ground, however.
“You don’t have to believe me.” Isabelle said, “You don’t even have to trust me. But I know that what I heard in there wasn’t a lie. I can’t go back to that palace, Lydia. I just can’t.”
Lydia’s mouth pressed itself into a firm line, “I can’t let you leave.”
“If you’ve ever cared for me-”
“Don’t ask me to prove my love for you by letting you walk to your death-”
"Alec and Jace could be in danger-"
"And the solution isn't to put yourself in danger with them!" Lydia snapped. Her eyes were wild. Frost-cold blue staring at Isabelle through the darkness, visible only by the light of the witchlight clutched tightly in her hand. Lydia didn’t sound angry though, only desperate for Isabelle to understand her. 
"I can't lose you." Lydia said, and instead of anger Isabelle was aware of only the undeniable brokenness of the words, as though the thought of losing Isabelle was the worst thing that Lydia could ever fathom, as though Lydia had lost before and couldn't stand to lose it again. And Isabelle had always been aware that there was a whole side of Lydia that she'd never been allowed to see, but her first glimpse at it wasn't as pleasing as she might have hoped it would be. It was always hard to stay mad at Lydia when there was so much Isabelle didn’t know. But that was the whole reason she was mad at her to begin with, wasn’t it? Isabelle had given away so much of herself, so quickly, and in return Lydia had always given only pieces. She kept so much of herself locked away- it was hard to believe that Isabelle knew her at all, sometimes.
She looked away.
"I know." She said, though she doubted that she did. She took a deep breath, "I can’t lose you, either.”
She meant it. She really did. She saw the faintest hint of satisfaction in Lydia's eyes as the other woman assumed that Isabelle was giving in, and a part of her heart yearned to do so just to spare Lydia whatever immeasurable pain this was causing her.
"But I can't go with you to the palace." Isabelle said, not meeting Lydia’s eyes as she said it, not able to bear the torment of it, "I have to go after them. I have to."
Lydia's voice was pleading, though reluctantly accepting, "I can't change your mind at all?"
"They’re my brothers.” Isabelle said.
Lydia sighed.
“Michael.” She said, “Michael is planning an ambush. He’s heading into the woods in less than an hour. He’s going after the warlock, and if Alec is still there…”
Lydia didn’t finish, but she didn’t need to. Isabelle was suitably horrified without the words being spoken out loud.
"I’d rather you go with me than on your own." Lydia said finally. Isabelle watched her, hope blooming in her chest before she could stop it.
“Does that mean…”
What did that mean? Lydia going with her into the Woods so she could ensure Isabelle didn’t die wasn’t some grand declaration. Reading too much into it was sure to end badly for her.
And yet…
“We have to hurry.” Lydia said, “We have to get there before Michael does.”
Lydia’s hand jerked forward where she held it at her side, and Isabelle’s heart skipped a beat. Lydia turned away from her before anything could come of it, and Isabelle tried not to think too much about maybe's and what could have been’s as she followed Lydia through the darkness over to where Clary and Tessa were waiting.
She’d done that once before, where Lydia was concerned, and it had only ended up with her, alone, with nothing but a broken heart to show for it.

"You said that your mother died?"
At Magnus' words, Alec slowly started to come back to himself. Magnus was laying next to him, his hand on Alec’s hip, keeping him close in a way that Alec thought he should find comforting, but was instead the exact opposite. The words Magnus had just said were like a bucket of iced water being thrown over him, and everything felt like too much.
Alec pulled away, stifling a groan at the way his muscles ached, “You feel sorry for me now?"
Something -Alec wasn't quite sure what- flickered over Magnus' expression as Alec got to his feet. Magnus didn’t argue or try to stop him, though for a brief, horrible moment, Alec thought that he might. Alec didn't have the willpower to say no to Magnus; if Magnus asked him to, he knew he would stay for however long Magnus wanted. He was still surrounded by all the evidence of what had just taken place. The bone deep ache in his body whenever he moved, Magnus' come drying on his stomach and the taste of it still lingering on his tongue. Everything betrayed what Alec had just done, making it impossible for him to forget.
And worst of all was the way Magnus was looking at him right now like he saw right through to Alec's soul without even trying. It was disconcerting, as being around Magnus usually was, and Alec’s desire to get away was just as intense as his desire to stay.
Instead, however, Magnus pushed himself to his feet and snapped his fingers. A blue silk robe appeared in his hand, and Magnus pulled it over himself. Alec couldn't look away and it was like he was watching Magnus close himself off not just physically but emotionally as well. This felt like a goodbye. A real one. A final one. Something somber and heavy had come over the room, and Alec hated everything about it.
“Feel free to take a bath before you do.” Magnus said almost absently, motioning a free hand towards the door leading into the adjoining bathroom. Magnus started walking towards the other door before he’d even finished speaking, and Alec stared after him, arguing with himself about saying anything further. What would he even say? There was nothing left for him here.
“Where are you going?” He asked.
Magnus paused just as his hand touched the door, turning back to Alec with that same cold, distant look he’d had last night.
“I’ll use the bath downstairs.” Magnus said. He slipped out of the room before Alec could even consider saying something else, and Alec found himself all alone in a room that was suddenly too big, and way too quiet, for him to ignore the emptiness that Magnus had left behind.
  
    Chapter Text
    Magnus didn't return to the bedroom by the time Alec finished with his bath, and Alec squashed down his disappointment with a sharp reminder to himself that he had no reason to feel that way. He tugged on the clothes he’d been wearing the night before, his fingers slipping up on the buttons more times than he could keep track of before he managed to complete the task. His bow and quiver had been returned and were resting on top of the table, and as Alec retrieved them, fastening both into place, he wondered if letting Magnus know he was leaving was worth the torment of enduring another conversation with the man.If he moved too much or too quickly Alec could still feel where Magnus had been inside of him. If he closed his eyes and really focused he could imagine Magnus’ fingers ghosting across his skin. He could still hear Magnus’ voice in his ear and feel Magnus surrounding him completely until there was nothing left but the two of them, so close that they practically breathed the same air. It was all too much, and yet somehow when faced with the knowledge that this was the end, Alec felt as though it wasn't actually enough at all. He crept out of the room and made his way towards the staircase, the tightness in his chest only getting worse with every step. And then he slammed himself to a stop about halfway down, his internal dilemma about seeing Magnus replaced with a sense of panic as the sound of a voice that very clearly did not belong to Magnus rose up to meet him. He pressed himself closer to the wall, listening in even as he knew he should turn around and leave. One of the voices belonged to Magnus, he realized, and the other voice sounded like the woman he’d met before. What had Magnus called her? Catrina-Catarina. The one with the white hair and the piercing eyes. The one with the magic, who had held Elias as he’d bled out all over her.  Alec pressed his eyes shut so tightly they began to hurt, forcing away the memory of the young boy staring up at him in fear, silently pleading for Alec to do something to save him.I should go back upstairs, Alec thought again. He had no idea what Magnus would do to him if he found out Alec had listened in on his conversation with Catarina and he had no desire to find out, but something stopped his body from moving even as his brain told him that he should; the sudden realization that he didn't actually know much -if anything at all- about who Catarina was or why she had been with Magnus that day. How long had they known each other? Were there others like her and Magnus living in Brocelind?Alec focused on the voices and tried to pick apart the muffled words that were being said. He could almost understand some of it, if he listened closely enough.“-Sure you’ve looked everywhere?” Catarina asked, her tone speaking of great urgency. Alec leaned forward. He couldn’t quite see either of them, but he knew that they had to be in the drawing room. Alec was hidden well enough by the curved wall that he knew they couldn’t see him, not unless one of them walked in his direction. But both Magnus and Catarina seemed to be staying where they were, and Alec listened in closer to catch the tail end of Magnus’ response: “-nothing.”“There has to be something.” Catarina said, “He couldn’t have created such a spell out of nowhere.”Alec leaned forward. He didn't hear enough of what was said next to make any sense of it. In a few short seconds, Catarina’s voice cut clearly through the room again, “Are we even sure that it worked?”“His heart is beating.” Magnus said after a pause, “He is alive. Whatever spell my father found to bring him back, it worked.”Alec felt a chill run down his spine at the mention of Magnus' father. To bring back who? And, worst of all, what did he bring them back from?“Necromancy is one of the most ancient forms of magic. It’s also one of the most dangerous.” Magnus said, “Warlocks throughout all of history have gone to great lengths to keep it hidden.”The single word lingered in Alec’s head: Necromancy. He immediately felt sick at the implication it carried with it, but he was still unable to convince himself to move away from where he stood.There was a harrowing silence after Magnus’ words, long enough that Alec began to think the conversation was over. Someone slammed a book shut, and there was an abrupt change in atmosphere that Alec felt even before anyone said anything out loud. His heart picked up in his chest, beating wildly as he realized he'd been caught. He desperately pleaded to the Angels that he was wrong, glancing back up the stairs and wondering if it was worth the risk of making a run for it. It didn’t seem as though Raziel or anyone else was listening to him right at that moment. Alec stayed where he was.Magnus’ voice rang out across the room, "Alexander."Not a question. Nor was it a request. He knew Alec was there, knew he'd been listening, and Magnus spoke with a chilling sort of calmness that did nothing to curb the fear that shot through Alec at the sound of it. Still, he couldn’t get what he’d heard out of his mind, Necromancy being a more terrifying a concept to Alec than anything he’d ever encountered before. Alec tightened his grip on the strap running across his chest, the weight of the weapon providing him with a small amount of comfort even as he knew Magnus could easily make it disappear with nothing more than a snap of his fingers. He pushed himself forward and appeared at the entrance of the drawing room, finding both Magnus and Catarina looking right at him. Neither appeared entirely surprised to see him, and Catarina seemed to be putting conscious effort into not reacting.Magnus’ expression was as closed off as it had been earlier, and the only thing that gave his anger away was the rigidness of his next words, “Catarina. Let me show you out.”Catarina stood without argument. She didn't look at Alec as she passed him, and Alec avoided meeting Magnus’ eyes. He didn't turn around to watch Catarina leave and he tried not to tense even further as the door opened and closed again with her departure.He wasn’t afraid of Magnus, he reminded himself. Even though he had good reason to be. He might not be afraid, but he certainly didn't want to have whatever conversation he knew would come next.“How much of that did you hear?” Magnus asked from behind him, sounding much closer to Alec than Alec was comfortable with.He set his jaw, “I heard enough.” "That's not an answer." Magnus said, as a small, impossible, distant thought took its place in Alec's mind. Alec slammed a lid over it faster than he’d ever done for anything else.He couldn’t -wouldn’t- go there.In an effort to distract himself further, he turned to look at Magnus. Magnus watched him warily, but Alec’s mouth went dry almost instantly at the sight of him. Magnus was fully dressed, wearing his usual skin tight pants that clung to the shape of him, a low v-cut shirt that made room for his signature necklaces dangling around his neck and a vest fitted over it. Around his waist was the belt he’d been wearing yesterday, his Keris fastened on the left side where it usually was, as golden as the color of his eyes. Magnus held himself as he always did, like a man who was entirely aware of how he looked and how much of an effect it had on the people around him. Specifically Alec, who wrestled with the infuriating thought that Magnus could still be beautiful to him despite all that had happened between them.“How many secrets have you kept from me?” Alec demanded, grappling for an excuse that would be enough for Magnus to let him out of here unscathed, “How can you demand I share mine with you?”Magnus’ eyes hardened, “I have no doubt that you have more than your fair share of secrets-”“All of which you already seem to know about. You seem to know everything about me.” Alec said.Magnus fell silent, watching him with a deliberating look. Alec almost shrank back under the intensity of it and the realization that Magnus was studying him, but he pulled himself up straighter and held his ground.And still, the word necromancy was still present in his thoughts, the thought that had come to him before growing stronger and more difficult to ignore. He would have laughed at himself, just a few days ago, for even thinking about something like that. But he had seen so much in such a short time- the word impossible didn’t hold much weight for him anymore. And this...“I could take your memory of it.” Magnus finally said, his voice as casual as if he'd been speaking about the weather, “I could make you forget all about what you heard.”Alec wasn’t sure what expression he wore as a response to that, but Magnus rapped his fingers against the hilt of his Keris and watched him steadily, waiting for an answer.“You wouldn’t.” Alec finally said, once he recalled how to form words.“No.” Magnus mused, and it took Alec a moment to realize that Magnus was not confirming what Alec had said but rather repeating Alec’s own answer back to him, mocking him, “I imagine you want to remember, don’t you?”Alec said nothing, and Magnus took it as an invitation. He walked forward so that he was close enough to reach out and grip Alec’s wrist in his hand, his grip just on the verge of being too tight. Paralyzed by his own trepidation, Alec did not fight back, though the challenge in Magnus’ eyes certainly encouraged him to do so. Alec held his ground.Magnus seemed intent on giving Alec reason to fear him, and Alec refused to give allow it.With his free hand, Magnus pressed two fingers against Alec’s temple. Alec braced himself for the feeling of magic entering him and tried to settle his nerves. He didn't need to have great knowledge of magic to know that nothing good could come from practices such as what Catarina and Magnus had been talking about. They’d said it themselves; Alec had heard the concern and fear in their words despite the fact that they had been speaking about something they actually knew about. Maybe it was best that Alec didn't go looking for things that would only hurt him in the end. Maybe it was best that he didn’t spend his life wondering... What if he had…What if-"You would let me do it?" Magnus asked, pulling Alec out of his thoughts. Alec blinked his eyes open. He hadn’t even realized he’d closed them."You wouldn't hurt me." He said.Magnus' brows furrowed, seeming at a lost for how to respond to that. He shook his head slightly."What did it feel like?" He asked, "My magic. Last night. What did it feel like for you?" And Alec thought about it. He remembered it in fragments, the entire event little more than a blur in his memory. He could, however, recall with some clarity the cool, steady power that had flowed through his body, so unlike anything he'd ever felt before. He could remember Magnus' hands on him, the desire coursing through his veins with the force of a dam breaking. He could remember how it had taken over every function in his body until nothing else remained, and the only thought he'd had at the time was that it had been Magnus causing it- Magnus' magic making him feel that way.Alec had wanted it to end, but at the same time he'd felt like he would die if it did. "You." He said simply, "It felt like you."Magnus made a quiet sound and Alec got the feeling it hadn't been intentional on his part. Before he could try to decipher what the sound had been, or what it meant, Magnus suddenly went rigid, his grip on Alec's wrist tightening.“Someone’s here.” He said. His hands dropped where he’d been touching Alec and in it appeared a sharp, silver dagger. Several smaller ones materialized in his belt, and Magnus spun around in the direction of the foyer. Alec reached behind himself and swung his bow around. He hadn’t been expecting Michael to come to Magnus’ so soon, but Alec found himself relieved that at least he was still here. He glanced at Magnus, “How do you know-”“Glamours.” Magnus answered, “The magic that surrounds the house and hides it from view. Someone's trying to get past it.”Alec felt his fear lift, just slightly, “So can’t we just wait them out?”Magnus' mouth curved into a sinister smile, “Sure, we could.”And then he was moving. Alec swore under his breath and followed, making the short distance from where they’d been standing to the front door. He peered through one of the windows just as Magnus reached the door, and Alec stopped short as sinking terror bloomed in his chest.“Isabelle?” He demanded. Magnus stopped what he'd been doing, one of hands still on his dagger, and stared at Alec.Alec pushed past him and stalked towards the door, worry and fear and confusion consuming him as he flung it open. He ignoring Magnus’ complaints and came out at the top of the stairs, looking down at his little sister, flanked by Lydia and Clary, all three of them looking right past Alec as though they couldn't see him there at all. Magnus appeared beside him with a look of contempt twisting his face as he spotted Lydia.Alec looked at him, “It’s my sister-”“And the Guard that stole from me-”“If Lydia hadn’t taken your Keris and given it to me, you would have never gotten it back.” Alec pointed out heatedly. Magnus glowered at him, but said nothing to contradict his statement. Alec sighed impatiently and waved a hand down the stairs.“Please.” He said. Magnus looked at him for a second, and then he raised a hand with visible reluctance. He snapped his fingers once, and Alec watched in fascination as the glamour around the house lifted. It was like a shimmering, translucent curtain being pulled down, and all three women on the other side of it jolted backwards with yells of their own.Lydia’s hand flew to her sword. She jumped in front of Isabelle and Clary without a second thought, and Alec spared a moment for gratitude even though her reaction was unnecessary.Magnus, however, folded his arms over his chest with an unimpressed glare in Lydia's direction, clearly not pleased with whatever was happening. The curtain dropped entirely, and Lydia lowered her hands as she blinked up at them. “By the Angel.” Clary whispered, sounding awed, a sharp contrast to the skepticism and fear in Lydia’s expression. Alec clambered down the stairs, heading straight for his sister, “What in the name of the Angel are you-”He cut himself off with a huff, the breath knocked right out of his chest as Isabelle ran into him, her body colliding hard against his. Isabelle threw her arms around Alec and buried her head in Alec’s neck, and Alec, stunned, shocked, and very confused, felt himself relax instinctively into her. It had been too long since he’d hugged her, he realized. Since he’d really hugged anyone.“You’re okay?” Isabelle asked urgently. She pulled away but her hands never left him, running down his arms as though feeling for an injury through his clothes, “Are you?”“I’m okay.” Alec assured her. Her shoulders dropped with momentary relief, and then her gaze sharpened again as she caught sight of the person standing behind him.Alec didn’t have to turn around to know that Magnus’ eyes were on them, but he did anyway, and found exactly what he’d expected. Magnus had not gotten rid of his dagger and Lydia did not re-sheath her sword, and both of them were glaring at each other from across the short distance between them, looking like wild animals ready to pounce at any given second.“What are they doing here?” Magnus demanded, turning his glare to Alec. Alec didn't answer, realizing that he wanted to know the same thing. He looked to Isabelle and immediately regretted it, as she raised her chin in defiance and starting stalking towards Magnus, “Is this him? Is this the warlock that lied to you-”“Izzy-”Alec grabbed onto Isabelle’s hand and yanked her back. He had no idea what she’d even intended to do, and he didn’t want to find out. Magnus watched her as one might look at a bug that posed only a small inconvenience to them but was nonetheless a disturbing presence, and Alec bit back his irritation."Where's Jace?" Clary asked, looking between Alec and Magnus with a small, hopeful glint in her eyes, "Did you find him? Is he here?"Alec's heart dropped. He hadn't missed the way that Jace wasn't a part of the small group that had just arrived, and the unwelcome reminder that his brother was still missing and no one had any idea where he’d gone hit Alec as though he’d walked right into a brick wall. Clary's pain was evident on her face, even as she turned away from them and tried to hide it."Did you look for him, then?" She asked insistently. Everyone was quiet. "He's probably in the woods somewhere, or..."Alec could feel all the eyes piecing into him, most notably Magnus', and he forced down his guilt. Neither of them said anything.It was Lydia who spoke next and saved him from having to explain what he'd been doing in Brocelind since last night. Her voice cut across the moment like a whip, her eyes hesitantly moving away from Magnus and finding Alec’s instead, "We don't have time for this. Michael will be here at any moment, and we'll all be considered traitors for coming here and attempting to stop him.”Stop him? “What are you-”“We came here for you.” Isabelle said, “You’re not in this alone. Maybe if you listened to me sometimes, you would know that.”Alec stared down at her as though she’d lost her mind, and he was suddenly overwhelmingly convinced that she had. He turned back to Lydia.“You brought her here?” He demanded, trying and failing to stop the harshness in his voice. Lydia paled in response, stammering out an explanation, “I-”“I asked her to.” Isabelle interjected, “I insisted. I would have come anyway, and Lydia only joined to ensure I stayed safe.” “You shouldn’t have come here, Isabelle.” Alec said imploringly, “Why did you even think-”And then he heard it- the harsh thud of horses making their way through the trees. The leaves seemed to rustle with the force of their arrival, and Alec reacted swiftly at the sound of it. His hand circled Isabelle’s upper arm and tugged her behind him even as she gave an indignant shout in response. Lydia approached Clary and pulled her out of the way as well, the four of them backing up towards the house. Magnus had come down the stairs and settled himself next to Alec, close enough that their shoulders almost touched.       The first sight that Alec caught of the Guard was as bleak as a storm, all of them dressed in the black armor of battle. There were about twenty of them swarming the area on tall horses, each adorned with weapons of their own, and Michael lead them with a grim, disdainful look as he pulled Hugin to a halt a mere few feet in front of Alec.  Alec felt someone coming to stand on his left, opposite Magnus’ side, and glanced down to find Lydia there. She clutched her sword and stared at Michael as he glowered down at her as though she were an errant school child who had stepped out of line.“Branwell.” Michael snapped, his voice laced with annoyance, “What is the meaning of this?”Lydia squared her shoulders and took a deep breath, like she was mentally preparing herself for whatever came next, “If you’ll hear me out, Sir, I believe you’re going about this the wrong way.”Michael bristled. He took himself down from Hugin, flanked on either side by Emil Pangborn and Andrew Underhill who followed his direction, and Andrew looked at Lydia with a sad expression. She walked towards them with her hands up in front of her as a show of good faith, but Alec still felt himself tense as she approached the crowd. “You were right,” She said to Michael, “I do know the Prince. I know him well enough to know that he would never turn his back on Idris. He would never do the things that you accuse him of. This army is unnecessary.”“My issue is not with the Prince, and my Guards are not here for him.” Michael said. His eyes moved darkly past Alec, contradicting every word he’d just spoken, and landed on Magnus instead. Magnus only stood taller at the attention, one finger stroking absently down the length of his dagger with a murderous look in Pangborn's direction. Alec recalled that Pangborn had been the Guard who'd assisted Michael with Magnus' interrogation, and Magnus' actions were a clear warning- one that Michael sneered at.“I concern myself only with the warlock.” Michael said, “If he does as we say and comes willingly, then we will have no reason to fight here today.”“You must be denser than I'd thought, to think I would go anywhere with you.” Magnus said, sounding amused, “And the bar wasn't very high to begin with.”“You have been charged with treason against the Kingdom of Idris and must withstand trial.” Michael continued on as though Magnus had not said anything at all, “You will be brought before the King and the Council and made to answer for your crimes. You have plagued our city with a darkness, a curse of magical origin. You have stolen one of the children of Idris, one who holds close proximity to our royal family. You have poisoned our Queen and led to her untimely death. You will come willingly, and you will face the consequences of your crimes, warlock, or blood will be spilled on the ground of Brocelind today, and not a drop of it will be from my Guards.”Deafening silence rang out around them. Underhill had not taken his eyes off of Lydia, and he seemed to be in the process of silently pleading with her to stop what she was doing by going against Michael.“That was a nice speech.” Magnus said calmly. He stepped forward, past Alec, closer to Michael, right near Lydia, and Alec watched him, desperate to go after him but unwilling to leave either Clary or Isabelle undefended to do so. Magnus tilted his head up to stare directly at Michael, “I’m almost sad to say that I have to turn down your… generous invite into Alicante.”There was a pause. Alec wasn’t sure he took a single breath the entire time. And then Pangborn inched forward, his hand going to the blade at his waist. In one swift movement that was almost too fast for Alec to notice until the damage was done, Magnus' arm extended in the Guard's direction. There was a yell as Pangborn stumbled backwards, a hand over his shoulder where blood had already begun coating his clothing and skin. A small, black handled knife stuck out just below his collarbone, and Magnus had already pulled another two into his hands."I should have killed you the other night." He said lowly, "I did you a favor by keeping you alive. I won't do it again."Pangborn snarled, yanking the knife out of its place and throwing it to the ground. He grabbed the blade he'd been going for, "Guards!"And the clearing exploded into action.The Guards dismounted their horses and reached for their respective weapons, and Magnus' hands -both free now- were crackling with violent flames of blue that shot out towards them. Alec's bow was in his hand, an arrow knocked and directed outwards even as his heart hammered against his chest with how wrong it felt to be attacking his own Guards- Lydia darted forward as one of the Guard's reached for her, and both of their swords clashed against each other with a loud clang. Guards were still approaching, albeit tentatively now that Magnus was fighting them off, and Alec turned to Isabelle and Clary with a shout, “Go inside!”Isabelle shot him a nasty look, “We’re not-”“You’re not armed, and Clary doesn’t know how to fight. Go inside!”“Listen to your brother.”Lydia had returned to Alec's side, her voice quiet and pleading as she looked at Isabelle. Splotches of blood stained her clothes, a Guard with a slit arm standing behind her as she said again, “Go inside. Please.”Isabelle still didn't move immediately. She looked at Lydia again, and Alec knew her well enough to know that she wanted to argue but also knew that she had no other choice. There was a loud yell from behind them, and Alec turned to see that Magnus had Michael cornered and that Michael was grappling with a blade of his own, only narrowly avoiding the blasts of magic that Magnus sent flying towards him. Alec noticed two other Guards closing in on Magnus as his back was turned to them, and with a mixture of rage and fear at the sight of it, acted on instinct.Two arrows- Alec released them both in quick succession, both piercing the Guards above their knees, one right after the other.“Raj.” Lydia said. She stared out at them in horror as they both fell to their knees in shock and pain, and both of them glared back at Alec. Alec was all too aware of the looks of betrayal that the others shot him, and despite his own resolve, knowing that he was turning his back on the people that had trusted him was as painful as daggers carving into his skin.Alec turned to find Clary grabbing onto Isabelle’s arm. Isabelle didn’t resist as Clary dragged her up the stairs, but Alec’s relief at seeing his sister go to safety was short-lived.Two Guard's went down with an aborted yell as Magnus' magic slammed into them, another three following when they got too close. The others hung back, visibly hesitant now, and Magnus stalked towards Michael and Pangborn with his hands raised and sparks of blue twisting furiously between his fingers, like bolts of lightning dancing at his command. It would have been beautiful, in its own way, had Alec not been so terrified of whatever would follow it.“I didn’t get to enjoy your suffering the last time we met." Magnus said to them. Michael had begun to draw his sword, and Magnus scoffed at it, “I intend to change that now.”They charged towards each other, and Alec was distracted yet again by Lydia calling out to him, "What do we do!"He forced himself to look away from Magnus, who was battling both Michael and Pangborn at much too close a distance for Alec's comfort. He nocked another arrow, sent it flying, and yelled out in response- "Keep them away from Magnus!"If Lydia hesitated or didn't agree, Alec didn't see it. He was firing off arrows at rapid speed now as the Guard's drew closer to them, and the sound of Lydia's sword hitting metal as she fought alongside him was enough to make Alec not want to look back at her. While Alec and Lydia focused on keeping the Guard's away from Magnus without actually dealing anyone a fatal blow, Magnus clearly had a much different idea. He blasted Michael and sent the man flying across the air. He landed with a grunt on his back a few feet from where he’d been standing, the other Guards looking between Michael and Magnus as though they were at a loss for what to do. Lydia was fighting Underhill now, though there was clear reluctance in both of their movements as a heated argument that Alec couldn't overhear occurred between them. He remembered that Lydia and Underhill were friends and felt a small twinge of pity and of guilt that he'd caused this, before his attention was taken up by a sickening crack. He spun in the direction it had come from and found Pangborn slouched against the staircase; whether he was dead or just unconscious Alec couldn't tell, but his eyes were closed and he wasn't moving, and Alec felt like he was about to be sick. His looked over at Magnus and Michael even as he continued to fired off arrows. Michael’s sword had left his hand, and as he rolled towards it in an attempt to get it back, Magnus approached and kicked it out of his reach. He sent another sphere of his magic towards the man laying on the ground beneath him, and Michael rolled out of the way with a loud curse. The spot where he’d been was scorched black.Alec faltered, just slightly, enough that he didn't notice someone getting close too him until his bow was knocked from his hand. His head snapped up and he found a Guard in front of him."Raj." He said in recognition. The Guard -Raj- was breathing heavily, his eyes wild, the sword in his hand extended towards Alec as he opened his mouth to say something. And then Raj was being yanked back, a tight blue cord twisted around his ankle and practically dragging him towards a tree, winding around the trunk and fastening him there as he wriggled and struggled to break himself free with no success. The cord only pulled tighter. Alec turned, found Magnus looking at him, and had only a brief moment of panic before Michael was lunging towards Magnus with his sword raised high- Magnus turned at the very last second and blue light exploded out of him, his magic swirling around the clearing in bright enough rays that Alec had to shield his eyes from them. It took him only a second to adjust and then he was taking off in a run, abandoning his fallen bow as he snatched a discarded sword up from the ground. Magnus blasted Michael again, and this time he managed to get the upper hand. Michael was sent backwards once more, and just as he began to rise up onto his feet, Magnus’ magic snaked around his torso in ropes of sparkling blue that forced him to stay on his knees. Magnus advanced on him, and Alec recognized what he was doing immediately, the memory of the night Magnus had been placed on his knees before Michael still too clear in Alec's mind. He understood immediately. And it only scared him more, as he realized he truly had no idea what Magnus was capable of or how far the man was willing to go now that he had Michael in a similar position.
  Would you hate me if I killed him?
Alec rushed towards Michael, who was struggling in vain to break free of his bindings. Magnus seemed to be preparing to blast Michael again with pure rage and hatred in every step he took. and Alec kept his eyes on him as he pressed the point of the sword against Michael’s back, between his shoulder blades, with enough force that Michael would feel it. Michael froze where he was, and his sudden fear rolled off of him in waves even as he held his head high. He was trapped, and he knew it.Magnus drew himself to a slow stop, regarding them both, as though contemplating his next move. The sparks of magic that twisted around his fingers began to simmer down."Enough!" Alec snarled at them both. Magnus was standing next to them in an instant, and the same dagger he’d had earlier was back in his hand and pressed against the base of Michael’s neck. Alec let himself have a moment of relief that Magnus had chosen to forgo sending Michael’s body up into flames with his magic despite his clear irritation at having been interrupted. He sent Magnus a cautioning look, silently pleading with him to hold off just a bit longer. Magnus raised his free hand to warn off the other Guards surrounding them, and the threat was clear in the sphere of magical fire that materialized itself in his palm. Alec stared at him, focused on the blood-lust in Magnus’ eyes that seemed to darken their golden color. He knew Magnus desired revenge, and he understood. It also scared him more than anything else did."Stand down." Alec said to the man kneeling between them, "I don't want to hurt you, Michael, but I will."Michael made a harsh sound that could have been either a laugh or a cough, raising his head enough to look over his shoulder at Alec. Alec faltered, just briefly, before stabbing the sword against Michael harder. Alec felt as though there were two sides of himself going to war within his mind."You would mark yourself a traitor?" Michael asked, his eyes blazing with disbelieving fury, "You would turn your back on your own people? Over a warlock?"He spat the word as though it were a curse, and Alec looked up to meet Magnus’ eyes once more. If Michael’s words bothered him at all, Magnus didn't let it show. Alec’s grip on the hilt of the sword tightened. Michael was wrong, he thought. Michael, his father-- Idris was wrong. They had to be."Yes.” Alec said, and the firmness of his voice surprised him, "If this is treason, if I choose what I know to be true instead of your superstitions and Idris calls me a traitor for not agreeing to the death of an innocent man, then fine. I will be a traitor.”Michael blanched, and Alec wondered what it must be like for him, to be so sure of himself and his own strengths and to have it all ripped away from him in under thirty minutes.“And what of your father? Your brother?” Michael demanded, “What of all that you leave behind?”“You misunderstand me, Michael.” Alec said, “I don’t intend on going back with you now, but I will return to Alicante. I’ll find whoever is actually responsible for this and I’ll see them brought to justice. Real justice, not whatever your version of it has become.”Alec thought now that perhaps that had always been his plan, though it had taken him this long to realize it. Had he ever really intended on going back to the palace at all? How could he have ever thought he would come here and then walk away, and go back home as though nothing had ever happened?Michael took a harsh breath, “I will be telling your father of this. He will know what you have done. He will know what you chose. And when you die for placing your trust in these… people, you will be remembered not as a Prince, not as the Heir, but as what you are now. What you chose to become. A traitor.”Alec removed the sword. He heard Michael make a small, wounded sound and looked in time to see Magnus pull his dagger away as well. Blood tricked down its silver blade, but the cut on Michael's throat was not nearly deep enough to cause any real harm. Magnus looked desperate to change that.Magnus’ jaw was tight as he stared down at Michael, “You leave here now, and this is the last time you or any of your Guards set foot in these woods.”There was a beat, in which Alec knew that Michael was genuinely considering disagreeing, but any hesitance on Michael's part was gone as fast as it had come, to instead be replaced by only deep hatred.“You have my word.” Michael said stiffly, as though the words were being forced from him, “We won’t return here.”Magnus dropped his hand. The ropes faded from around Michael’s body, and Michael immediately clambered to his feet.“Stand down!” He called out to his Guards. The few who remained standing were bleeding and bruised in some places, but no-one seemed injured beyond the point of healing. Eventually. Alec looked in Pangborn's direction. He was breathing, and even his fingers twitched slightly. Alec wasn't sure how he felt about that, and decided not to linger on the part of him that was unhappy about it.Michael stared at both Magnus and Alec, that same fleeting look of deliberation crossing over his face again and leaving again just as quickly as it had the first time. Behind Michael, Alec saw Isabelle and Clary standing at the door of the house. Lydia went over to Isabelle, saying something to her that Alec couldn't hear. Clary stared back at Alec.We came for you, Isabelle had said.
  We came for you.
Magnus slipped his dagger back into his belt. Distantly, as he caught sight of the Keris sitting there untouched, Alec wondered why Magnus never used it to fight. Alec opened his mouth to say something to him though he had no idea what that something would be, and he didn’t get a chance to figure it out. Magnus turned sharply and walked away from him, disappearing into the trees that surrounded them without a second glance back. Alec stared after him, his hands falling to his sides. Everything suddenly felt too heavy- his clothes, the weapons-And what Michael had said. Alec’s chest felt tight with the painful reminder, thinking of Jace, who was still missing. And of Max, who would be safest in the palace but who he still wished could come with them solely because Alec could not bear the thought of being separated from any more of his siblings. And of his father, who would hear that Alec had chosen Magnus over his duty to his Kingdom, and would perhaps not be surprised at all.“Where’s he going?” Isabelle asked, watching Magnus walk off into the trees. Michael had moved back over to his Guards and was speaking to them in a low voice that Isabelle, much to her annoyance, couldn't overhear. Andrew Underhill, who had briefly pulled Lydia aside to speak with her, stood amongst them.She turned to Lydia, “Is this it, then? The fight is over? What happens now?”Lydia looked oddly pale. Her mouth opened with the beginning of a response, but Alec returned to them at that moment and placed a hand over Lydia's shoulder. He said something to her that was also too quiet for Isabelle to hear, and then looked in the direction that Magnus had taken off in. He turned to Isabelle.“Are you sure you want to stay?” He asked, “You don’t need to come with me."If it had been anyone else, Isabelle might have taken offense to the question. But she knew that Alec only cared for her safety, as infuriating as it sometimes was to be on the receiving end of his overprotectiveness. She knew that she could choose right then to go back to the palace, and Alec would never begrudge her that, even though she could see it clearly in his eyes that he was grateful for her being there.“Jace is still out there. Someone has to find him.” Isabelle said, nudging Clary's shoulder lightly, “And someone has to figure out what this curse over Alicante is.”Alec’s eyes drifted away again, back to the trees, and then back to them. He seemed conflicted.“I’ll be back.” He said suddenly, not entirely unexpectedly, and he shrugged off his bow and his quiver and gave it over to Isabelle.“Stay in the house.”He was going down the stairs and following after Magnus before Isabelle could respond.Lydia was exhausted, in more ways than one, and she felt as though she was about to collapse under the weight of it all. Isabelle looked at her oddly, her eyes holding a million questions, and Lydia waited, perhaps wished, for her to ask at least one of them. She never did. Instead, Isabelle pushed open the door to the house and walked inside, Clary following after her.Lydia’s heart felt as heavy as a stone lodged in her chest, but there was the unmistakable hint of relief at not being made to answer questions she wasn’t yet ready to give the answers for. She turned back to where the Guards had begun to ride away, but Michael, sitting atop Hugin, lingered behind them.Anything, she had said to him. Her hand tightened around the hilt of her sword.
  I want you to kill the warlock.
Michael’s eyes met hers from across the clearing. She remembered what she’d told herself just a few days ago, that the right thing was always the most difficult. But was this the right thing?Are you sure you can do it? Michael had asked her afterwards. And Lydia had only been able to remember that little girl she’d been when she’d first joined the Guard, desperate to prove herself to the only person who’d believed in her.Standing in Michael’s office, being told that he trusted her with something so important, Lydia had been that little girl again. She’d been given a purpose. A goal. Any of her doubts had been replaced with only the knowledge that she owed Michael. She owed this to John.Our Adamas no longer works against magic, she had said to him, reveling in the way he had smiled at her. He'd been proud of her.
  We will have to wait until he least expects it.
Now, Michael waited with an unvoiced question evident in the way he looked at her. Despite the fight that had just taken place, he was waiting for her to confirm that she was still on his side. The right thing was always the most difficult, she reminded herself.Alec would never forgive her. Isabelle might hate her forever. But they would both be safe. Idris would be safe. Lydia wouldn't have to leave the palace, and she wouldn't have to lose anyone else.Michael smiled. Lydia watched as he disappeared with the rest of the Guards, the trees obscuring their retreating form.Her eyes fell shut for a moment. Exhausted didn’t even begin to cover how she felt. With a sigh, she turned and walked into the house.
  
    Chapter Text
    Magnus didn’t go far. Alec followed the path that his footsteps had carved out in the ground and found him easily enough after only a few minutes of walking. Magnus was leaning against a tree, his  Keris out of its sheath and in his hand. Magnus twirled it idly- or he appeared idle. Alec knew better. There was rarely ever a time when Magnus was not in complete awareness and control of himself, no matter what he was doing. It was knowing this so well that caused Alec to slow down as he neared the other man, his movements growing more tentative the closer he got. Magnus watched him closely, and the heat behind those golden eyes told Alec everything else he needed to know. Specifically, that Magnus was still angry with him.“Have they gone?” Magnus asked. Alec came to a stop in front of him. Neither of them broke eye contact.“Yes.” Alec replied, thinking of Michael and the other Guards leaving. Magnus frowned, “I was referring to your sister, and that insufferable-”“Lydia is my friend.” Alec said warningly, before Magnus could finish the insult. To his surprise, Magnus stopped. He raised a brow curiously, “And the other girl? The one with the red hair?”“Clary Fray. Jace’s girlfriend.” Alec said, feeling that familiar pang of worry that accompanied every thought he had of Jace, “And no, to answer your question. They’re staying with me.”“Which means they’re staying with me.” Magnus said, sounding neither pleased nor aggravated, “Because you don’t know what you’re doing. You don’t even know where to start. You said a lot of things back there, but you’re only going to rely on me to figure it out.”Alec felt his own anger begin to flare up, simmering just below the surface of his skin.“You have just as many reasons to find Asmodeus as I do.” He said, “How long has he been lying to you? You can’t tell me that you have no interest in figuring out what he’s been doing all this time. And he killed Elias-”Magnus moved so quickly that Alec barely had the time to notice it, much less react to it. Magnus simply blurred into motion, and the next thing Alec knew he was in Magnus’ place, his back slammed against the tree, and Magnus was holding the  Keris  to his neck. Faintly, Alec found it humorous that this wasn’t even the first time they’d both been in this position.“Speak of Elias again.” Magnus said icily, daring Alec to do it. Alec, wisely, stayed silent. His curiosity however was piqued. Magnus had had the same reaction every time Alec mentioned Elias, and Alec was starting to get the sense of a pattern. Who was the boy? And why was Magnus so fiercely defensive of him?“Okay then.” Alec said, “Then we can talk about something else.”He pressed his hands against Magnus’ chest and gave one solid push. Magnus went easily, though he didn’t stop glaring at Alec even as he dropped his hands. Alec glared right back. “Tell me about necromancy.”
Isabelle rattled the handle of yet another door and stepped back with a stifled, frustrated sound when it didn’t budge. She kicked at it with the base of her shoe, and still nothing happened. She’d tried every door on the first floor of the house, and all but one had refused to make even the slightest movement. The only door that opened was located down one of the corridors, and it led into a bathroom. Isabelle had stared at it blandly when she’d realized what it was, and Clary had joked that at least Magnus was considerate.She marched back into the foyer and found Clary just as she appeared at the top of the stairs. Clary shook her head, her bright red curls shaking around her face as she did, and Isabelle sighed with resignation. They were limited only to the bathroom and the drawing room, which led directly into the kitchen through an opened archway that separated the two rooms from each other. Aside from those three places, most of the house was barred to them. Isabelle peaked outside and found Lydia where she’d left her, sitting atop the step with her sword in her hands. Lydia had refused to offer them any assistance in looking around the house and had instead dedicated herself to keeping a lookout for any danger. Isabelle never expected to feel relief that Lydia wouldn't be close to her, but that’s exactly what she felt, and she didn’t know what to make of it.She opened the front door and went outside, Clary on her heels. Lydia looked up at them as they approached. Her mouth was curved down into a frown.“Nothing.” Clary said, “Everything’s sealed shut.”Lydia didn't look surprised to hear that. “What did you expect?” She asked, “This is a warlock’s house. Magic is all over the place-”She cut herself off harshly, as though realizing she’d said something she hadn’t intended to. Isabelle watched her closely, remembering Lydia’s face when Isabelle had told her about the Silent City. Lydia didn’t know the full story, not yet- Isabelle was waiting until Alec returned. But Lydia hadn’t asked and showed no interest in hearing what Isabelle had to say anyway. Isabelle was not familiar with this version of Lydia and she wasn’t sure that she liked it. She preferred  her  version, the one who listened to her ramble on about whatever new thing caught her interest and did so with a spark of joy in her eyes. This Lydia was colder, more distant, and felt like an entirely different person. It should have made it easier for Isabelle to turn herself away and to forget what she and Lydia had shared, but it didn’t. Instead Isabelle was left feeling only emptiness and the desire to figure out what was wrong.Lydia got to her feet.Without looking back at them, she began walking down the stairs.“I’m going to walk the perimeter again.” She said. Isabelle stood still and watched until Lydia disappeared around the side of the house.
Magnus’ glare turned into cold understanding. "So that's why you stayed." He said.Magnus didn't wait for Alec to answer. He shoved the  Keris  back into its place and walked off, further into the woods, leaving Alec to chase after him."I stayed," Alec seethed, his voice rising against Magnus' back, "Because there's a curse over my city, and because my brother is missing, and the only thing that links those two things together is  your  father. I stayed because as much as I might not like it, you're the only person who can help me find him."Close enough to Magnus now, Alec reached out to grab onto the other man's upper arm, halting his movement and spinning him around so they were facing each other again, "You don't just get to walk off. We wouldn't even be in this situation if you had simply been fucking honest with me-"Magnus yanked his arm out of Alec’s hold, fury lining his features. "Honesty?"  He asked, "You're one to talk to me about  honesty,  or have you forgotten the lies that you told-""I am Idris' Heir!" Alec yelled, "That was a necessary lie! I could've put my family in danger, my entire Kingdom-""No,” Magnus cut him off, closing the distance between the pair of them until he stood just a few inches in front of Alec, his gaze scalding, “The only reason you lied was because if you had told the truth, it would've meant giving me up. Giving  this  up. And you didn't want that. You wanted the lies, and the secrecy, and the getting to pretend at being someone else. Don't place all the blame onto me just because  your lies  all came crashing down on you."Alec jerked back. The realization that Magnus was right was an unwelcome one, and he bit back his further arguments. What would he say? Magnus knew him, through and through, even if Alec couldn’t say the same thing about him, and it was that thought that Alec realized hurt the most. Alec could rationalize his own lies and give a good enough justification for why he'd done what he’d done, but he'd always believed that he was the one with the upper hand. He'd believed that he was the one who held the greater secret between the pair of them, the only secret capable of this much destruction. But that had never been the case, he knew now, and Magnus had always been aware of that. “And what did you get out of this?" Alec asked instead, his voice quiet, "You didn’t answer me when I asked you that before. What did  you  get, Magnus?"Alec saw that he had caught Magnus off guard with that question, and the struggle that came afterwards as Magnus worked through whatever internal dilemma Alec had thrown at him was evident in the way he didn't immediately answer, looking at Alec as though he was genuinely contemplating every possible word he could say. It made Alec even more cautious of the situation, all to aware that he hadn't even scraped the top of the lies Magnus had told him over the past year.Finally, Magnus shook his head. And then between one second and the next, Alec was being grabbed by the front of his shirt and walked backwards, until he found his back connecting with the rough surface of a tree yet again, the air being knocked out of him not by the force of it, but by the knowledge that there really weren't many other places he would rather be, even now. Alec was taller than Magnus by several inches and Magnus had always found ways to even that out- pressing Alec up against things just happened to be one of his favorites, because he knew just how quickly it got Alec to give in to him.Magnus wasn't gentle. His mouth was on Alec's in a rough kiss, and every inch of Alec’s body reacted to it instantly, flaring up underneath Magnus’ touch. Magnus’ body against Alec’s felt like it always did, a double-edged sword that was certain to stab Alec right through his chest no matter which side he chose. He tried moving his hands up Magnus’ arms, desperate to pull him in closer, and instead felt the muscles of those arms flex as Magnus caught Alec’s wrist and held it tightly. Alec gasped into Magnus’ mouth, and it only enabled Magnus to deepen their kiss further, twisting Alec’s arm until it was pinned behind his back instead. Alec’s other hand remained free, but Alec had gotten the message clearly. No touching. He clawed at the tree instead as a way to ground himself, which increasingly became more difficult when Magnus kicked his legs apart and pressed his thigh between the space he’d made. Alec felt it like a burst of energy shooting through his body, lighting his veins on fire until he was burning up from the inside.Magnus held him there, keeping Alec pinned under him, and Alec kissed him back with as much intensity as Magnus was pouring into him. He wasn’t sure how long they stayed like that, just that by the time Magnus finally pulled back, Alec was breathing heavily and he was sure that he was flushed red all over. Magnus’ eyes darkened as he looked him over, trailing over Alec possessively, as if to say:  that’s mine. I did that to him. Alec’s head fell back against the tree. He knew that the kiss had only been a distraction, but it had worked exactly the way Magnus had wanted it to. Alec was so fucking far gone, his brain a jumble of half formed thoughts and questions he might have asked had he been able to think them through clearly. The only thing he was sure of at that moment was that Magnus was in front of him, and Alec didn't think he could survive if that wasn't true. There was no coming back from this, and maybe there never had been, despite all of Alec’s desperate attempts to believe otherwise.Abruptly, Magnus released him and stepped back.“Come on.” He said, his voice hoarse. He quickly turned away from Alec and began moving again, walking away as though nothing had just happened between them. Alec stared after him despairingly, and yet he was still somewhat relieved to have avoided any real acknowledgement of that kiss.“Where are you going?” He demanded.       Magnus looked back at him, “You wanted to talk. We’re going to talk.”“And why can’t we do that here?” Alec asked, gesturing, “Or back at the house? Why are you going further into the woods?”And Magnus, maddeningly, gave one of usual cryptic answers before walking off again, “You  know  where I’m going.”Understanding dawned on Alec, tugging at yet another memory. It was a distant one -a cherished one- and one of the first that he’d tried to bury. He  did know where Magnus was going. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to go with him. And yet he knew, just like every other time, that there was no real question of whether or not he would follow.He pulled himself away from the tree and went.
The lake sparkled with sunlight reflecting off its pale blue surface. They had walked a good amount to get here and had done so in silence, and the sight of the lake stretched out before him now made Alec breathe just a little bit easier, even as the thrum of his heart steadily increased. He remembered Magnus bringing him here months ago, whispering in Alec’s ear that it would have to remain another secret shared between the two of them. Alec had shivered at the feel of Magnus’ cool breath against his skin before turning to him, to find the man already undoing the buttons of his shirt and pulling it off of his shoulders, a wicked smile on his lips.They were surrounded by green hills and trees filled with brown and orange leaves on either side, caging them into this shared space, blocking them off to the rest of the world.Alec remembered coming here countless times after that first time. He remembered his body, tangled with Magnus’, in the water, on blankets thrown across the grassy surface just beyond the lake’s bank. He remembered the sound of Magnus’ voice in his ear, the feel of Magnus’ legs around his waist and Magnus’ hands in his hair, hours of the two of them moving against each other until  Magnus  was the only thing that Alec knew. Most people in Idris avoided Brocelind Woods no matter what, and no one ever dared come this far into it. They could be alone here, and Alec had started to think of the lake as  theirs,  a place far removed from everyone and everything else, a place that belonged only to them, and standing here with Magnus now was like a punch to the gut, as he realized that nothing had actually changed. In his mind, this place was still his and Magnus’.But there was no  his and Magnus’  anymore. There was no more of anything being  theirs.  In reality, everything had changed, even if Alec’s mind hadn’t caught up with that yet. Magnus stood on the bank looking down at the water, his hands shoved into his pockets. He didn’t look up as Alec approached him, but his shoulders noticeably stiffened the closer Alec got. Good, Alec thought. He was always pleased to see Magnus being visibly affected by him in any way. To know that it wasn’t just himself who felt something. Alec came to a stand beside Magnus, purposely getting close. If he leaned in a little closer, his shoulder would brush up against Magnus’, and it took every bit of restraint in his body to avoid doing so.Magnus didn’t move away like Alec had expected him to.Instead he said, “I can’t bring your mother back.”Alec felt a flare of disappointment threatening to take him. He hadn’t yet allowed himself to think those words in such explicit detail, and being shut down like that hurt in ways he had hoped to avoid.Still, his thoughts began to spiral around Magnus’ earlier words, and Alec’s desperation forced him to cling at that last tendril of hope, “What you said-”“What you  heard,”  Magnus corrected him sharply, “Was a private conversation that you had no right listening in on. Don’t go running off with speculations about things you know nothing about.”“Someone was brought back to life.” Alec said, looking over at Magnus. He sounded petulant even to his own ears. Magnus’ shoulders tensed further, his jaw shifting as he grinded his teeth together.Alec took a chance and pressed on. “It was Elias, wasn’t it?” He asked.Magnus scoffed, with more disbelief than annoyance. He rolled his neck back and peered up at the sky.“It was, wasn’t it?” Alec continued, thinking of the young boy who’d been spread out below Catarina’s hands, blood dripping from the sides of his mouth, “If he was brought back, then why can’t-”“Because that wasn’t magic you want to get involved with, Alec.” Magnus said sharply. He shifted his gaze, finally, until he was looking at Alec.“Whatever brought Elias back isn’t something  I  want any involvement in.” Magnus said, “And even if I was willing to do this, do you not know what your own people think about magic? What do you think their response would be to something like this?”“No one outside of the palace knows about this yet.” Alec said, “With the Fog, there hasn’t been any kind of official statement. People are stressed enough as it is. Her funeral has been postponed. Her body is still in the palace.”“I don’t care.” Magnus said, shaking his head, “My answer is no.”Alec was shaking, ever so slightly. That voice inside of him repeated  what if  like a mantra, overshadowing all of his doubts. He clung to the barely formed idea in his mind. He had already gone too far, he realized, not that it deterred him at all. He wanted this. He  needed this.“If there’s a chance,” He tried again, slowly, desperately, “Even a small one, that I can bring my mother back… Magnus-” “No.”  Magnus said resolutely. Nothing about his expression spoke of a willingness to change his mind, and Alec bit back his desire to snap at him.“I’ll find someone else.” Alec said coolly.  Calm, he reminded himself, calling on all of the training he’d ever received. Calmness and patience. Losing sight of his goal just to give in to his anger would not do him any good.Magnus gave a short, derisive laugh, “And who would help you?”“There are other warlocks-”“This was my father’s magic.” Magnus cut him off, “He’s the only one that can do this. I haven’t even been able to find anything about it in any of the books I own, and I have a rather extensive library. Catarina doesn't know anything either. I’ve written to a few of my acquaintances, but I highly doubt they will have any answers to give me. Necromancy is  dark  magic, Alexander. I know that you don’t think very highly of warlocks, but this isn’t the sort of thing we do. And there’s always a price to be paid for magic such as this.”Alec swallowed hard, “I’ll pay whatever price is necessary-”“I doubt this is one you’ll be able to afford.” Magnus said. He turned away from Alec and moved up the bank, heading towards the grass. Magnus sank down into it with his arms stretched out over his legs. Alec followed. It didn't really hit him just how tired he was until he was no longer standing, and relief coursed through his entire body as he sat down.“How do you know Elias?” Alec asked. He was still hesitant as he said it, cognizant of Magnus’ tendencies to react negatively when Elias was brought back. But Magnus didn’t do anything this time, just stared out at the water with his mouth shut.Alec ran a hand through his hair and tugged at it, frustrated, “You can’t keep doing that. You can’t keep hiding things from me. It isn’t fair, not when you know so much about me-”“Here’s a bit of honesty for you.” Magnus cut him off. He turned his head to look at Alec, his gold-green eyes as sharp as a cat’s. “Do you recognize this place?”Alec felt as though he had a headache coming on, “What do you mean, ‘do I recognize this place?’ Of course I recognize it, Magnus. We’ve been coming here for mon-”“No.” Magnus said, “I mean, do you know what it is? This lake?”Alec stared at him blankly. He was clearly missing something, the insistence in Magnus’ voice told him as much. He looked back out at the lake, and he wasn’t sure what exactly triggered the pieces of the puzzle clicking into place, but something did.“Lake Lyn.” He gasped. His mouth opened in shock, and his head snapped back in Magnus' direction, “Is it? It can’t be. Lake Lyn doesn’t exist-”“A few days ago, you didn’t think that warlocks existed either.” Magnus pointed out. It stopped Alec short. That was true, sure.But Lake Lyn-“So then it’s  all  true then?” He asked dubiously, “Jonathan Shadowhunter. The Angels.”  Raziel. Magnus raised a brow, “You didn’t think it was?”“I never really knew what I thought.” Alec said carefully. He went back to looking at the lake, not quite sure what to make of it now that he knew the truth.“I know what I was taught." He said, "But I don’t think I’ve ever been given much reason to believe in Angels. I thought-” I thought they were a story. A legend. Alec shook his head. He was sure he had a headache coming on now. “You brought me here.” He said, “You knew what this was-”Alec was now slightly horrified. He thought of all the things they had done in the lake.  The Lake of the Angels.  The majority of Idris might assume that Lake Lyn didn’t exist or maybe that it had been destroyed over the centuries, but there was still a sense of reverence that came with the idea of it. That lake had been the place where Raziel first appeared to Jonathan Shadowhunter. It was, essentially, the birthplace of all of Idris, and it was as sacred to them as any place of worship might have been. And now Alec was faced with the realization that Magnus had purposely brought him here on more than one occasion, knowing what it might mean for Alec to be in this place,  enjoying  the thought of having him here-If Magnus shared his horror or had any sympathy for it at all, it didn’t show on his face.“Why?” Alec demanded.Magnus shrugged, “Isn’t it obvious?”At Alec’s blank expression, Magnus looked at him with an exasperated roll of his eyes. “Oh stop being so obtuse, Alexander.” He said, "You asked me why I did it. What do you think? I knew who you were from the very beginning. I recognized you immediately. Idris' H  eir,  the perfect Prince. I heard things about you before I'd even met you. What an  outstanding  person you were, how you embodied everything Idris stood for, what an excellent King you would make one day. I heard so much about your supposed greatness that by the time I finally saw you myself, I'd developed a sort of... intrigue.”Alec stared at him, the words cutting through him like knives against his skin. But he didn’t interrupt. He didn’t think he could’ve, even if he wanted to. His throat felt tight, making it harder to breathe much less to speak.So Magnus continued, bitter resentment in his tone, "When I saw you that day, when I brought you back to my house and saw the way you looked at me... you have to understand, Alexander. Idris' history with magic is a long and complicated one. So much of it has been changed and altered by your people, but warlocks know. We never forgot. When the chance to seduce you presented itself to me, when I had the opportunity to make you fall for the thing you were meant to hate..."Magnus’ words trailed off, but he didn’t need to say anything else. Alec had gotten the idea. He looked away, suddenly unable to bear the sight of Magnus in front of him."I'd always told myself that I would be nothing like my father.” Magnus continued, and Alec realized that he could no longer feel the burn of Magnus’ eyes against him. Magnus had looked away from him too. “My father was-  is,  a cruel, vindictive, vengeful man. But when I saw you, all I could see was Idris. All I could see was a chance for revenge. All I could think of was the look on your face when you eventually found out who I really was."Magnus laughed once, but there was no humor to be heard in it, “I suppose that I’m exactly like my father.”And Alec thought,  maybe you are. He wanted to ask Magnus if any of it had been real for him. Had Magnus only been playing a part? Had he spent the past year disgusted by Alec whenever he saw him? Had all of it been a lie? He wanted to ask. He wanted Magnus to confirm his worst fear. If Magnus admitted that he’d never felt anything for Alec other than hatred, then Alec might finally be able to move on.But when he opened his mouth with those questions on the tip of his tongue, what actually came out was, “What does Asmodeus want from you?”He filed whatever he was feeling away for another time. He told himself that he had more important things to deal with at that moment and that it would be best to focus on that. His emotions would cloud his judgement, make it harder to keep the actual goal in mind, and the stakes were too high for him to allow that.“Me.” Magnus said simply. He turned his hands up, palms flat, as though examining them, and Alec could almost see the wisps of now familiar blue magic appearing there, “He wants me.” “Why?”  Alec pressed.“I left my father’s house two years ago.” Magnus said, “I’d been planning my escape for about a year before that, but mostly I’d been trying to convince myself that I was actually capable of leaving. My father was never a nice man, but after my mother died, he was all I had. He protected me. He taught me magic. He taught me how to be strong, and how to forget about the pain that my mother had caused me. He taught me how to be like  him.” Magnus’ eyes met Alec’s, and Alec wasn’t sure exactly what he’d expected to see in them, but it wasn’t the coldness that met him. Magnus spoke of his father as though he had no personal attachment to what he was describing, as though, over the years, he had taught himself to view the situation not as something he’d experienced but as something he’d merely witnessed happening to someone else. It reminded Alec a little too much of himself and Robert, and he couldn't mask the sympathy that arose at Magnus' words.“Your father knew about me." Alec said, "He knew about-” he stopped himself as he’d been about to say ‘us,’  swallowing thickly before continuing, “He knew my full name when he spoke to me the other day. He looked at me like- like he  knew  me.”Alec remembered the way he’d felt under Asmodeus’ gaze, like he'd been torn open and propped up onto an exam table. As though Asmodeus had been looking directly into his soul and seeing everything Alec had ever thought about. He shivered at the memory.“So is there a chance, even a small one, that all of this,” Alec said, waving a hand around them, “Alicante. My mother. Jace’s disappearance. Do you think that he could have had something to do with it? That maybe he was trying to get to  you,  by attacking  me?” Magnus seemed to hesitate for a moment, before he reluctantly nodded his agreement. “I suppose that it’s possible.”“Why is it so important for him that he has you back? Is there something you have that he wants?” Alec asked, thinking of his own father who had not even tried to talk Alec out of leaving himself, but had sent a small army of Guards in his place. He couldn’t imagine Robert going to so much trouble on his behalf. His father would probably count himself as lucky and move on to his next heir. Or on to finding a way to make  Jace  his next heir.“He wants what he worked for, ”  Magnus said, pulling Alec out of his thoughts, “He wants the child that he raised to come back to him. He hates that I abandoned him. My father spent years training me, shaping me into everything he wanted me to be. When you put that much effort into something, you would do anything to get it back.”Magnus didn’t appear upset or surprised or even angry at his own words. He sounded almost resigned to this fate. Alec remembered what Magnus had just said about Asmodeus- that he was cruel, and vengeful. Most of all, he remembered Asmodeus telling him that  Magnus  would ultimately be the one who killed him, even though Alec had tried his absolute hardest to forget that. He had hoped, at first, that Asmodeus had only said it to frighten him. After all, how could Asmodeus actually know something like that about the son he’d not been in contact with for over two years?But that had been before Magnus had killed those Guards, and before he’d strung up Michael with the intent of killing him too. Somehow, as terrifying as that had all been, Alec still had the feeling that he hadn’t yet seen even half of what Magnus could do, or  would  do, if he was pushed far enough. Where did Alec currently fall on that spectrum that seemed to determine who Magnus considered a friend and who he considered an enemy? Was Alec closer to Elias in that regard, or did Magnus still look at him and see only the sins of his Kingdom?Alec pulled his gaze back out to the water. He was starting to think that perhaps Asmodeus hadn’t been wrong at all.“We should get back to the house.” Magnus said, before Alec had the chance to say it himself. Alec nodded wordlessly and got to his feet. Just as Magnus rose up behind him, there was a crackle in the air between them and a burst of orange sparks that Alec, instinctively, jolted away from. Magnus’ hand shot up at it, reaching out to grab onto the folded parchment that had appeared. The sparks dissipated, and Magnus turned the letter over in his hands, the color draining from his face as he read what it said.“What?” Alec asked, immediately alert, “What is it?”“This is a fire message.” Magnus said without looking at him, “Warlocks use it to send messages to each other. Very convenient.”“As fascinating as that is,” Alec said stonily, thinking that at any other time, he really would have meant those words, “I meant, what does it say?”Magnus looked at him, “It’s from Catarina. Whatever spell my father used to resurrect Elias left him alive, but unconscious. Catarina is exceptionally skilled at healing magic. She’s been taking care of him.”Magnus crumbled the parchment between shaking fingers, a haunted look coming over his features that left Alec feeling slightly nauseous even before Magnus confirmed what he was thinking.“Elias just woke up.” He said, “And Catarina says that I need to come see him.”
  
    Chapter Text
    Elias’ parents died when the boy was just twelve years old, and Magnus had practically raised him ever since then.He’d come to live with Magnus and Asmodeus, timid and terrified of himself and everyone around him, too afraid of his own abilities to even try using his magic. His parents had not been very outgoing people and so Elias had spent his earliest years mostly by himself, with no friends or other family that anyone was aware of. It had taken Magnus several months of constant perseverance to encourage the boy to actually talk to him, and still their conversations never progressed far beyond simple sentences.Elias usually stayed by himself, staring off into nothing with a haunted look in his eyes that spoke of a pain Magnus had never fully been able to comprehend despite their shared experience with loss. Magnus got the feeling that Elias’ parents had been abusive, but the boy so rarely spoke of them that Magnus had no real way to prove that. Part of the reason Magnus always tried so hard with him was because Magnus knew the dangers of a warlock whose powers went untrained the way Elias' was. Magic was something that warlocks were born with, but what you were given at birth was only raw potential. It was then up to the warlock to nurture it and grow it into what it could be. In that sense, it was also a sort of burden, as magic couldn’t simply be left to its own devices. It required studying and cultivating, and most warlocks spent years learning how to control it, and eventually how to master it. Wild magic, magic that was never developed but instead stayed as pure energy with no real direction, was amongst the most dangerous forms, both to the warlock and to those around them. It could easily spiral out of the warlock's control and wreak havoc on anything in its path, and Magnus had worked to prevent Elias meeting that fate.While Magnus had been cautious with the boy, he’d never been afraid. Elias was like a little brother to him, and Magnus had only ever felt protective. He wasn’t sure what he felt now, though, as Catarina’s cottage appeared in front of him, sitting unassumingly at the edge of the river running behind it. Anyone passing by would be completely unaware of what horror lay on the other side of those walls, and Magnus himself felt a deep sense of foreboding the closer to it that he got. Elias was inside there, and Magnus had never been less enthusiastic to see him. Alec walked beside him, but Alec’s eyes moved right past the cottage as though seeing nothing at all, and Magnus sighed as he made himself focus until, sure enough, he felt the light flickering of magic in the air around them, exposing the glamour that Catarina had put up around the area. Magic, whenever it was used, left a sort of residue behind. Each warlock had a distinct magical signature, and the more familiar you were with that warlock, the easier it was to identify their magic, or see right through it- most of the time without even realizing it was there.Magnus placed a hand on Alec’s arm and stopped him from going any closer, just as the door to the cottage opened and Catarina stepped out. She looked slightly frazzled, with her white hair held back haphazardly and dark splotches under her eyes. Those same eyes narrowed warily as Catarina noticed Alec, and then shot back to Magnus with an incredulous look. Alec, however, was watching Magnus. He hadn’t seen Catarina at all.“You brought him?” Catarina hissed, “Magnus, for Lillith’s sake-”“He brought himself.” Magnus said. Alec startled, staring around, settling when Magnus gave him a placating glance. He was suddenly exhausted- not only physically, but mentally drained. Physically, Magnus felt only anxious. He would be picking at his own skin if he weren’t around so many people, desperate to alleviate the feeling that each of his nerves were currently on fire.“Take it down, Catarina.” Magnus said with a sigh, “Please.”“He is-”Magnus’ gaze sharpened, “I know who he is. He’s with me.”Catarina looked like there was a lot more she wanted to say. Her lips pressed together firmly, disapproval clear in her movements even as she stepped fully outside and raised her hand. Her magic was burnt orange, the same beautiful color of the sunset, and it melted away the glamour around her cottage as though she were setting the air ablaze. Alec blinked through it, but he was becoming familiar enough with the strangeness of magic that he did not look afraid or particularly confused when everything appeared.“I won’t bow.” Catarina said. She raised her chin with a disdainful scowl, and Magnus remembered all at once why he had always liked her. Alec looked stunned.“I didn’t expect you to.” He said. He was looking beyond her, through the open door of the cottage, and Magnus didn’t blame him. Alec had seen Elias die, and Magnus suspected that he didn’t fully believe the boy had been brought back to life either. Catarina followed his gaze, the tension in her shoulders clear, though Magnus couldn't tell if it was Alec or Elias that troubled her the most.“He’s in his room.” She said, “He refused to eat anything, though he drank some water earlier. He says that he will only speak with you.”Magnus’ heart squeezed painfully tight in his chest. He nodded solemnly, and went ahead of Catarina and Alec into the cottage. Magnus couldn’t hear whether or not they followed behind him through the ringing in his ears. He was aware only of the last room, the opened door leading into it, and the knowledge that Elias was waiting for him there, alive and awake as he shouldn’t be.His first glimpse of the boy did not give Magnus the feeling he had been expecting; a surge in his fear, perhaps, horror or anguish. Instead, he didn’t really feel anything. Elias looked up at Magnus as Magnus appeared at the door, and he looked… normal. Still too thin for his age, but his hair was neatly brushed and he wore clean clothes, and his dark eyes appeared as human as they had always been. He looked like Elias, and like he had never died at all. And Magnus didn’t know what to make of that.Elias held a half empty glass of water in his hands, and it shook slightly as he reached out to place it onto the table beside his bed. With a deep breath and careful steps, Magnus walked into the room. Elias’ gaze moved past him, his mouth turning down into a frown, “You were at the house. When I- When it happened.”Magnus turned. Alec was right behind him, as silent and still as a statue, his expression unreadable. He nodded stiffly, “I was.”Elias made a soft sound of acknowledgement before looking back at Magnus, “I only want to talk to you.”Magnus hesitated, and silently cursed himself for it. He did not want to be alone with Elias, but he didn’t want to risk making the boy angry. He wasn’t sure how necromancy worked, or how he should go about dealing with a person who had quite literally died and been brought back to life, but he felt as though he were walking on eggshells while he tried to figure it out. Elias didn’t seem to notice Magnus’ internal dilemma, and if he did, he didn’t show it. Eventually, Magnus turned back to Alec. Catarina was hovering just outside of the room, her hands folded tightly around herself.Magnus was presented with a new problem. He wasn’t entirely certain that Alec and Catarina wouldn’t kill each other if left alone for extended periods of time.Alec stepped closer to Magnus, though his eyes didn’t leave Elias as he leaned down to whisper, “Are you sure…?”Magnus nodded. “Go. I’ll talk to him.”Alec went. Catarina closed the door once they were both on the other side of it, and Magnus found himself closed into the room with Elias alone. He went over to the bed and sat down on the chair that had been placed next to it, probably by Catarina. He kept looking at Elias, trying to find some sign that would give away what had happened to him, but there was none to be found. Elias looked entirely human.He reached out to take one of Elias’ hands in his own, but the boy flinched away from the touch as though Magnus had burnt him. Elias looked away, shaking his head rapidly, and Magnus had never longed so desperately to reach out and hold someone. Somehow, like this, Elias looked so much younger. Magnus could almost see in him the twelve year old boy he had been when Magnus had first met him. He’d been entirely innocent, and yet so scarred by the world already.“I always wondered,” Elias said, with a deep, ragged breath, still not meeting Magnus’ eyes, “What it would feel like when he finally let me free. But I just feel empty.”“Elias.” Magnus said, and heard his voice break on the word, “What do you mean?”“Asmodeus.” Elias said harshly. There were so many things cramped into that single word- anger, exhaustion, fear, and most of all, a deep, immeasurable sorrow.Magnus dropped his hand. It had been hovering near Elias’ ever since his attempt at touching him.“Asmodeus brought you back.” He said, keeping his tone gentle, “Do you know why?”“I have to tell you what he’s going to do.” Elias said, “That’s why he brought me back. He needed me to tell you. But I need… I need you to just let me talk.”Magnus wondered if this was the most he had ever heard Elias speak all at once in all the years he had known him. His mouth felt dry, and his stomach was twisting itself into knots as he worried about what was to come, but he agreed anyway.“Tell me.” He said, wishing that he could refuse. Elias was shaking, ever so slightly, his voice barely above a whisper as he launched into his story.
  The boy sat in the corner of the room, making himself as small as he possibly could, the way he’d learnt to do over the years. His feet were pulled up close to his chest and his arms formed a bracket around them, keeping them firmly placed there despite how hard he was shaking all over. He could hear yelling coming from downstairs, but his parents had told him to stay where he was, in his bedroom in the attic, hidden away and safe.

  So he stayed.

  Even when he felt the blast of magic shooting through the floorboards, crawling up the walls, brushing past him with so much intensity that Elias started to choke on it. It was unlike anything he had ever felt before. His parents were both warlocks, the same as he was, but they had always been more interested in magical theory and research, and they rarely discussed even that with him. Elias didn’t know much about magic aside from potion making and simple spells. 

  Whatever magic this was was unlike anything he'd ever felt before, so strong that the force of it nearly knocked him over.

  There was a final sound, a loud, horrifying wailing, and then the silence settled in. It was the sort of silence that weight heavily on his chest. He was certain that something had gone terribly wrong.

  Red light clouded his eyesight. There was still a lot of magic pulsing around him, and Elias finally released himself to crawl across the floor with unsteady movements. He peeked through the space underneath the door just in time to see feet approaching him. He scrambled backwards, falling down in the process as he failed to brace himself on his hands. When the door creaked open, a man stood above him, peering down at him with gold-green eyes and a wide, sharp-toothed smile.

  Elias had seen him before. The man had been to the house before, to visit his parents, but his parents had always sent Elias away whenever the man came over. “He can’t know that you’re here." They'd said, "He’s dangerous.”

  Elias knew the man’s name even before he introduced himself. He’d heard his parents utter it many times in hushed, petrified voices, whispering to themselves in the late hours of the night when they thought Elias had gone to bed. His mother had been crying once, but no one had seen Elias standing behind them, watching, and he’d never worked up the courage to ask about the strange man that had them so worried all the time. 

  The man extended a long, slender hand towards him. Elias stared at it.

  “My name is Asmodeus.” He said, confirming that he was who Elias thought, “You will be coming with me.” 

  He reached down and grabbed onto Elias’ hand before the boy had a chance to object, and Elias was too scared to struggle against his strong grip. Sharp nails dug into the skin of his arm. The man watched him curiously, and out of the corner of his eye, Elias saw the red sparks that had started to materialize around his hands in warning. The man squeezed Elias’ arm tighter, and Elias began to feel lightheaded.

  “Where are you taking me?” He asked shakily, dreading the answer. He did not want to go anywhere with this man. He just wanted his parents.

  “You will be staying with me and my son.” The man said, “Your parents can no longer take care of you, and they have entrusted you to my care.”

  Asmodeus didn’t give Elias any chance to argue further or to ask any more questions. He dragged the boy behind him, down the stairs and into the living room. 

  Elias found his parents there. 

  They were laying on the ground, near the fireplace, and he couldn't tell if they were breathing or not. He screamed out for them, but they didn't answer him. 

  The man seemed to take pity on him. “They are alive.” He said, sounding impatient, “But you must tell everyone that they are dead.”

  Elias started to cry, the bitterness of salty tears on his tongue, “I don’t understand!”

  “You will tell my son, and anyone else who asks, that your parents are dead and that that is the reason you have to live with me.” Asmodeus said. He sounded entirely casual about this, as though he was not ripping Elias away from his family to take him off to some place that he didn’t want to go to. Elias yanked at his arm, and the man’s grip didn’t falter even slightly.

  “I won’t do it.” Elias said, putting as much force into the words as he could, “I won’t-”

  The man placed a hand against Elias’ head, and Elias froze. Asmodeus’ eyes were cold and inhumane. The red sparks from earlier had returned to his fingers. There was a brief second in which Elias thought of his parent’s once again, silently begging them to wake up and save him, and then the pain hit. It shot through his body like lightning, tearing a scream from his throat. Elias could taste blood as he bit too hard at his own tongue, and he was sure that the frantic, incoherent begging he heard was his own- begging for anyone, anything, just pleading for it to stop. The world faded to darkness, but Elias still felt every jolt of pain that went through him just as intensely as he would’ve if he’d been awake. 

  It seemed to go on forever, after that.

  Slowly, the world turned from blurred shadows to actual objects, but one in particular caught his eyes. Elias stirred where he was laying on the ground. He couldn't tell how long he'd been unconscious for, but every part of his body hurt. 

  Asmodeus stood above him, watching the boy and looking greatly bothered to have had to wait so long for him to wake up. Asmodeus took him by his arm once again and brought him to his feet, and Elias swayed on the spot. His body still felt tight with pain, aftershocks of whatever had been done to him making him shake and hunch over on himself. His head was a jumble of thoughts that wouldn't focus.

  “If you argue with me again,” Asmodeus said calmly, “I will do much worse to you. Nod if you agree.”

  Elias looked up into that deep, soulless gaze. 

  Wordlessly, he nodded.

  The house that Asmodeus took him to was a nice one. A young man, appearing to be either in his late teenage years or early twenties, came out to greet them. Elias hovered uncertainly in the doorway. He’d been allowed to pack a small amount of his clothes, but his fingers were still numb where they held onto the handle of his bag. He really wanted to lie down somewhere. 

  “Magnus.” Asmodeus said, “This is Elias. His parents unfortunately died recently, and he has no other family. He will be staying with us.”

  Magnus looked at him, and Elias stifled a gasp. He tore his gaze away. Magnus' eyes were the same gold-green color as his father's, and it was almost unbearable for Elias to look straight at him. He found himself terrified that Magnus would be just like his father in every other way as well, and he suddenly wanted to cry again. His eyes burned and he knew from when he’d glanced at himself in the mirror back at his house that they were stained red. He shifted his bag into his other hand, and Magnus moved closer to him. Elias flinched away automatically, berating himself even as he couldn't stop shaking, preparing to be struck with pain again.

  Magnus, however, stopped. He gave Elias a small, tentative smile. “I was only taking your bag.” He said, “You look tired.”

  “It has been a long trip.” Asmodeus intervened before Elias could say anything, “Please, Magnus, show Elias to the spare bedroom.”

  Magnus gave his father a curt nod and took the bag from Elias’ hand. This time, Elias let him.

  “Come on, then.” Magnus said, heading down the hallway. Elias glanced back at Asmodeus, who was watching him with a darkly contemplative look. Neither of the options seemed entirely appealing, but Elias was desperate to get away from Asmodeus. He hurried down the hall in the direction Magnus had disappeared.

  The next several days passed by slowly, each new day blurring into the other. Elias spent most of it in bed, curled in on himself, trying to forget the existence of anything outside the room he had been placed in. Magnus came to visit him often, sitting beside him on the bed or in a nearby chair. Sometimes he even just stood, leaning against one of the walls. Magnus usually talked to him, but more often than not they sat together in silence. Magnus had given up trying to get Elias to speak back to him and Elias found himself grateful for that, even if a small part of himself wished that he hadn’t stopped. 

  Magnus, as it turned out, was not what Elias had expected him to be.

  But still, he found it hard to trust Magnus, even though he seemed gentler and kinder than Asmodeus. Elias rarely even saw Asmodeus- the man spent most of his time away from the house or in his study, working. Magnus didn’t talk about his father much with Elias; he seemed to have realized that Elias didn’t appreciate that topic of conversation very much. Instead, Magnus talked about magic, trying and failing to coax Elias into using his. He talked about his mother, and what it had been like for him when she'd died. He told Elias that he understood what he was going through and that he would be there for him if Elias needed anything. That they could bond over their shared loss. 

  In response, Elias hugged his knees close to his chest and cried.

  At the end of the first week Asmodeus called Elias into his study. 

  “Magnus has left on a trip for a few days.” Asmodeus said, “I figured it would be a great opportunity for the two of us to get to know each other better.”

  Elias pressed himself against the wall, wanting to run and knowing that it would only end badly for him if he tried. Whatever magic Asmodeus had used on him the day he’d taken him from his home, it had not disappeared quickly. His body still hurt for days afterwards, some days worse than others, but each one more than enough to remind him that he never wanted to experience something like that ever again.

  “Are my parents dead?” Elias asked quietly. He regretted the question as soon as he asked it. He didn’t want to know the answer if it was a bad one. The hope that his parents would find him and take him away from there had been the only thing keeping him going the past week. 

  Asmodeus nodded, “They are alive. I will tell you about them, but in return you must do something for me.”

  Elias sensed the trap immediately, but he thought of his parents, and he agreed. 

  “Your parents are researchers.” Asmodeus said, “And they are particularly knowledgeable about something that I am interested in learning more about. The Lost City. Edom.”

  The words meant nothing to Elias. They were entirely unfamiliar to him, but he hung onto each one anyway, telling himself that they put him a step closer to getting his parents back. 

  “I need to find Edom, and your parents are the only ones who can help me do that.” Asmodeus said, “But for whatever noble reason they have convinced themselves of, they have chosen not to disclose this information to me. I have taken them to a secure location until such a time comes as they change their mind. And they will. They all do, eventually, and I am a very patient man.”

  Elias didn’t like the way Asmodeus talked, like there was far more to his words than what he was actually saying, some underlying meaning to everything that Elias hadn’t yet learnt to interpret. 

  “Now.” Asmodeus said, with an air of finality to his words that startled Elias momentarily. He realized that they were done talking about his parents now, but he still had more questions. Asmodeus flipped open his hand, and Elias gasped as a black leather-bound book appeared in it. 

  “I have been developing a new set of spells and enchantments.” Asmodeus said, “It is part of the reason why I need to find Edom. There is a place there that contains magical information far beyond our knowledge. Once, warlocks were allowed access to this place as our birthright, but it has since been locked away from us and we are forbidden from seeking it out.”

  Elias stared at Asmodeus, whose voice had taken on a self righteous quality. He spoke with a careful determination as he continued, “I have been able to figure out certain things. I have spent years creating new spells, new potions, new curses, things that I have not been able to find anywhere else. But I still need Edom, and the Spiral Labyrinth, to really put it all together.”

  “I… I’m not sure I understand.” Elias admitted. Asmodeus gave him a nasty look for the interruption.

  “Until such a time comes that your parents are willing to reveal what they know about the location of Edom and the Labyrinth, I still need to work on my grimoire. I need someone to help me as I test out my spells, so that I can figure out what is missing from each one and properly develop them. Perhaps,” Asmodeus sneered the word, “If your parents would do what I keep asking them to do and simply tell me what I want to know, we would have no need for this situation. But alas.”

  Elias’ eyes widened. His heart picked up in his chest as he stammered out helplessly, “I- I’m sure they will soon-”

  “I cannot afford to do nothing while I wait.” Asmodeus said. He flipped open the book, "You staying here is not entirely because you have nowhere else to go.” Asmodeus continued, but his voice had trailed off into low murmuring, like he was no longer speaking to Elias at all, as he moved through the pages of his book.

  “I could have easily kept you with your parents,” He said, “But I believe you will be of better use to me here. You are the perfect test subject. You are young, and you are not formally trained in magic and thus have no natural protections against it.”

  He said the words as though they were perfectly logical, with a sort of calmness that sent a chill up Elias’ spine.

  “What will I have to do?” Elias asked. He reached behind himself while Asmodeus was distracted and attempted to open the door. It remained locked.

  “Nothing. I require only your cooperation, and your silence.” Asmodeus said. He raised a hand, his fingers spread out before closing in abruptly, red magic moving furiously around him. Elias had the distinct feeling of ropes surrounding his body. They yanked him forward until he stood right in front of the man and he was unable to twist out of their hold. He shook his head rapidly, tears rolling down his face as he cried out, even though he knew now that there was no one coming to rescue him. His parents were locked away somewhere. Magnus had left. He was all alone.

  “Please.” Elias whimpered, “Pl-”

  Asmodeus didn’t appear to hear him. His eyes were glittering with intention as sparks flew out from one of his hands, the book held firmly in the other. He murmured enchantments under his breath. 

  Elias began screaming even before the pain hit him.

  Elias wasn’t sure when he stopped fighting. 

  The days began to blur into themselves, bleeding into months, and turning into years, and eventually he became so numb to the pain that he started to forget what it had once felt like to exist without it.
It took Magnus several long moments of silence to realize that Elias had actually finished speaking. The boy’s eyes were wide and filled with unshed tears, and he had his arms wrapped so tightly around himself that it was almost as though he feared he would break apart without it. Magnus’ hands closed tightly into fists where he held them in his lap, and it took everything within him not to lash out at something as fury laced through him.Elias’ words replayed themselves in his head.He stood and went over to the bed, desperate to reach for Elias but suspecting he would only be pushed away if he dared to try. Elias would have every right to push him away, and Magnus wouldn’t be able to bear it when it happened.“I had no idea.” Magnus said. He felt sick.“I had no idea.” He repeated, his throat feeling tight, “I should have known.”Elias looked, more than ever, small and frail as he cowered in on himself, sitting with his back pressed against the wall. He looked exactly like the boy Magnus had taken in all those years ago and silently vowed to protect. He looked like the boy Magnus had sworn he would never let any harm come to, the one he had promised he would always be there for. Magnus swore under his breath and knelt down beside the bed, clutching the sheets in a tight grip. He couldn't stop thinking of Elias, alone, all those years, crying out for someone to save him. Magnus had been right there. And he’d never done anything. He’d never even noticed.“I’m sorry.” He said again, desperate for the words to mean something, for Elias to know that he meant them, “Elias. I’m so sorry.”Elias wasn’t looking at him. His head was down, staring at the crumpled sheets. He was breathing steadily but deeply, each breath seeming to shake his entire body. His skin was ghostly pale.“I should have known.” Magnus said despairingly, “I should have figured it out and gotten you out of there sooner.”He should have done so much, but that all meant nothing now. It was useless, to think of what he could’ve done, when he had spent all those years only focused on himself and feeling sorry for himself, rather than seeing that Elias was suffering so plainly right in front of his eyes. His rage at his father built up inside of him. He would fix this, he thought. He might not be able to change the past, but he could make Asmodeus pay for what he had done.Edom, he remembered. Asmodeus was trying to get to the Spiral Labyrinth, the home city of warlocks in Idris, long lost to the Great War. Magnus had no idea how he would even begin to find it, but he would. He would do whatever it took.Elias looked up at him finally, and the look of absolute anguish on his face made Magnus’ heart hurt. He had caused this. This was his fault. Elias had suffered all these years because of him-“He placed another spell on me.” Elias said quietly, the words so soft that Magnus almost missed them, “It made it impossible for me to speak of what was happening. I couldn’t tell you anything, no matter how much I might have wanted to. He made me tell him everything about you. He tortured me until I confessed it all. He knew that you were planning to leave with me, and that you were taking us to Idris. He suspected that you would take the grimoire with you and he created an empty duplicate of it for you to take instead. There was a curse on it that would be released when you opened it, and I couldn’t stop you from trying.”Magnus paled. “Alicante.” He said, knowing without needing to ask, “There’s a curse over Alicante. The entire city has been plunged into darkness. It shouldn’t be possible, but the Adamas that surrounds the city was destroyed. The grimoire did that?”Elias shook his head. "No. The grimoire was meant only for you." He said, "Asmodeus doesn't approve of your relationship with the Prince. He hates everyone in Idris, but especially the Royal Family. The curse over Alicante was a warning to them."None of that surprised Magnus. But he didn't want to know what Asmodeus' warning preluded. He recalled opening the grimoire, and the resulting attack on himself and Catarina. He remembered Catarina telling him about the light and how it had saved them both; the light that Magnus still had not uncovered the source of, and wasn’t sure that he wanted to. “What else?” He asked Elias, pushing that thought out of his mind. Bad things seemed to lurk down whatever path those thoughts sent him.With a small shiver, Elias continued, “I avoided the worst of his torture after we moved here, but I was still bound to him and he did not stop using me to keep track of you. He’s been watching you the entire time we’ve been in Brocelind. He made me tell him everything about your relationship with the Prince, and about Catarina. He wanted to know everything you did. He said that he would make himself known again eventually, but that for the time being, he was staying away to focus on finding Edom.”So he had never gotten away at all, Magnus realized. Asmodeus had known everything, all this time. Magnus had never actually been free of him. And neither had Elias."What do you mean 'bound to him'?" "It's one of his spells. He can place someone entirely under his control. Their magic, their thoughts, their actions... everything. There was no way for me to be released from the spell without one of us dying, so that's what he did. And then he brought me back."“Why didn’t he tell me any of this himself?” Magnus asked, his voice hollow, “Why bring you back?”“Because he did it." Elias said, "He opened Edom. He found it only a few weeks ago, and whatever he needed to do to reopen it, it left him weakened. His magic was depleted, and then he used whatever little of it was left to resurrect me. He needs the time to rebuild his strength, and he doesn’t trust you not to take advantage of that. He’s hiding out there until he is strong enough to face you.”Magnus pushed himself to his feet. He understood Elias’ fear. If Edom and the Spiral Labyrinth was anything like Magnus knew it to be, then Asmodeus having unmonitored access to it was the worst possible thing that could happen. The Labyrinth had been closed off for hundreds of years, and with good reason. He doubted that his father had spent all this time looking for it just for bragging rights. No, Asmodeus was planning something. And Magnus needed to know what it was.“Do you know where it is?” He asked, “Do you know where Edom is?”Elias said nothing. Magnus bit back his disappointment just as Elias swayed slightly where he sat, and Magnus reacted on instinct to dart forward and hold the boy in his arms. Elias’ skin was ice-cold, unnaturally so, and Magnus stopped himself from yanking his hands back in shock. Elias relaxed into his touch.Whether it was because he didn’t want to or because he was simply too tired to manage it, Elias did not fight him.“I’m tired.” He said. His lashes fluttered, his eyes closing down as he leaned in closer to Magnus. Magnus had wanted to ask him more about what his father had done to bring him back to life, but he knew that Elias had done more than he could handle for one day. He shifted them both so that he could lay Elias down onto the bed, and he went easily, his head falling back onto the pillows with a sigh. There were lines creasing his features, premature markers of stress that stood out on a face that still looked no older than fifteen. With a sharp pain twisting itself in his gut, Magnus slowly got to his feet. Elias did not react to the movement.I’ll find him, Magnus swore silently, thinking of his father as he looked down at Elias' sleeping form. Elias did not sleep peacefully. His eyes moved rapidly behind their closed lids, his breathing shaky even as he drifted off into unconsciousness. The corners of his mouth were turned down, a perpetual look of despair marring them.Magnus would find Asmodeus, and this time he wouldn't hesitate to kill him.
  
    Chapter Text
    Magnus emerged from Elias’ room as silently as he could and found Catarina waiting for him in the corridor.“Where’s Alexander?” Magnus asked. Catarina’s mouth twitched in a way that let Magnus know she was holding something back, but after a beat she said, “He left. He went back to your house, and he mentioned that he had left his sister there?”Magnus realized how this all looked to Catarina, who had never fully trusted Idris and reserved a specific part of her contempt for their royal family. He knew that she was only worried, for herself and for him.“They came to me." He said, "I didn’t invite them-”“And yet you didn’t send them away.” Catarina interrupted, “Magnus, what are you thinking? He is Idris’ next King! This isn’t just some simple affair! I tried to warn you since that night you saved him-""Stop." Magnus ordered, the reminder of that as sharp and as unwelcome as if he’d been stung, "Stop it, Catarina.""He'll be your ruin, Manus." Catarina said, shaking her head dismally, "He will destroy you. Idris always chooses their own, that much has always been true. And yet here you are, prancing around with the royal children, getting yourself involved in things that don’t concern you."“My father is the one who caused the curse over Alicante, and he did it because of me.” Magnus said, “He wanted to send a warning about my relationship with Alexander. I know you don't agree with me helping them, but I caused this problem. I intend to fix it.”Catarina fixed him with an incredulous stare. “They would never put this much effort into saving you. Why must you save them?”
  "Catarina."
“It’s the truth!” She insisted, “What about Elias? You're the only one that he trusts, Magnus. He relies on you too much for you to let yourself be ruled by these frivolous little games you’ve caught yourself up in-”"Catarina, enough!" Magnus growled. He slammed his hand against the wall and blue sparks flew from his fingertips, shooting out around them.Catarina didn't flinch, not even a little. Magnus stared at it in horror and folded his hand into a fist until his magic was back under his control."I keep you around," He began slowly, turning to Catarina, "Because I value your expertise. I don't need you to make judgments on my life and my decisions.”Catarina’s mouth opened, and then slammed shut. A moment of sickening silence passed between them, but Catarina’s eyes burned with as much fire as they had a moment ago, and she stared at him with nothing but defiance.“You don’t keep me around.” She said stonily, “I stay because I care about you. I assumed you felt the same towards me.”The words, the sincerity of them, cut Magnus deep. He suddenly felt too crowded in this small space, and desperately needed to be out of it.“I have to go.” He said abruptly. With a single glance back at the closed door of Elias’ room, he went. Catarina did not call out for him, and Magnus ignored every part of himself that urged him to go back.
Alec stared across the dining room table. Isabelle sat at the other end and had just finished telling their small group about her visit to the Silent City. He felt uneasy, not just for the fact that Isabelle had done something so risky and he hadn't been there to help her, but for everything she’d learned about Idris and the Great War.“And you’re sure?” He asked, though he knew that she was, “You’re certain that they were telling the truth.”Isabelle nodded, “You know Tessa, Alec. She would never lie about something like this. If she trusts Jem, then I do too."Lydia sat next to Alec, her hands clasped firmly in front of her on the table. She was stone-faced and had not looked up at either of them or said a single word the entire time.Clary’s gaze flickered from Isabelle to Lydia, and then back to Alec, “I know it’s hard to believe it-”“I believe it.” Alec said. He meant it.                                                       “It makes sense, doesn’t it?” He continued, remembering what Magnus had said to him that night in Alec’s room, “Why else would they go to such trouble to keep us away from the Silent City?”“Not all of us.” Isabelle said quietly. She looked at him, “You’re going to be King. You would have known eventually.”Alec’s heart skipped a beat. He knew that Isabelle felt, to some degree, that Alec was better than everyone who'd come before him. That she held him to a different standard and expected him to always have the right answers, to do the right thing. He couldn’t explain to her how wrong she was.She had never been in the position he’d held since birth, and she didn't know that this wasn't so simple as just doing the right thing. He’d been raised his entire life to put his responsibilities to Idris ahead of his own personal convictions. As far as the throne he would one day occupy was concerned, Alec had no personal convictions. He’d grown up studying the Kings that had come before him, each one having made difficult, sometimes impossible decisions throughout their reign, knowing that one day he would be in a similar, if not worse, position.All of them had known the truth about this, and all of them had made the difficult and impossible decision to stay quiet. Was Alec really any different? Could he blame them for not coming forward? To them, to Alec, he knew that it had been just one other thing where personal convictions would have had to be ignored.The rules had been written long before Alec and they’d been upheld by everyone who’d come before him. They'd been put into place for a reason.For the good of the Kingdom, Michael has always said. Who was Alec to spontaneously decide that things would be different?And yet, he could not stomach the idea that he would be the same. He couldn’t stand the thought that he would choose fear and lies over what he knew to be right. So many people had suffered because of what happened during the Great War. Tessa, his friend, had suffered because of it.
  And Magnus...
Perhaps doing what he was expected to do would make Alec a great King, but what kind of person would he be?He didn’t get a chance to try to answer that question. The front door opened and slammed shut, and by the time the four of them had clamored to their feet -Alec already reaching for his bow and Lydia unsheathing her sword- Magnus appeared in the entryway of the dining room.He didn't react to the obvious defensiveness in the way they all stood.“Good.” He said, though he sounded as though he felt the situation was anything but that, “You’re all here. We need to talk.”
Magnus approached the table, touching the edge of it lightly. He was hyper-aware of four pairs of eyes on him, and he very decidedly ignored each one of them. Particularly Alec’s.Alec sank back down into his chair after a few seconds, and Clary and Isabelle followed after him. Only Lydia was left standing, looking around like a lost little lamb. Magnus might have taken pity on her, if he didn’t quite despise her as much as he did. She was clearly not used to being in unfamiliar territory, and the home of a warlock was as unfamiliar as it got to someone employed by the Palace Guard.Eventually, Lydia seemed to make up her mind about what her next action would be, and she chose not to join her friends in sitting down. She mumbled something about the bathroom before disappearing out of the dining room and scurrying down the hall, and Magnus watched her go with poorly disguised delight at her departure.“Is she always like that?” He asked curiously. Isabelle’s jaw twitched slightly and he thought he almost saw her smile, but no one responded. Interesting, he thought, focusing on the Princess.“Alright then.” Magnus said. He splayed his hands out on the table and concentrated. A few seconds later, the entire thing was covered in food. Clary almost fell out of her chair in her haste to get away from it, and Magnus rolled his eyes.“It isn’t poisoned, if that’s your concern.” He said, knowing that it wouldn't do much to alleviate any of their worries and not caring either way. Let them starve, if they so chose. “I summoned it from a nearby village. Usually, I choose somewhere in Alicante, but given the current… situation… I don’t think that’s a possibility.”Isabelle stared at him, “Did you… is this stolen?”Magnus didn’t answer. “Eat.” He said instead, “Let no one say that I didn’t show you any hospitality.”Magnus could feel Alec’s eyes practically burning holes into him with sheer force of will. If Alec looked any harder, Magnus might go up in flames. He found himself not wanting to stick around long enough to test that theory, and changed his mind about what would be happening tonight.“It’s late,” He said, “We’ll discuss further plans in the morning.”“Further plans?” Alec asked, seeming to have finally rediscovered the use of his voice, much to Magnus’ annoyance, “Does that mean you’ll help us?”Magnus reluctantly turned to where Alec sat. He tried not to betray any hint of a reaction to the sound of Alec’s voice or the way it felt like little shocks of lightning shooting through his body every time he heard it, now being no exception.“Try to keep up, Alexander.” He said derisively. He spun around before Alec could say anything else and stalked out of the room. He made it all the way to his study before the unsurprising sound of Alec’s footsteps behind him picked up. He didn’t look back as he walked through the door, nor did he give in to his desire to look when Alec entered and closed it behind them both. Through his peripheral vision, Magnus could see Alec very pointedly twisting the lock, never taking his own eyes off of Magnus as he did it.Magnus leaned against his desk, and suddenly his mental exhaustion very quickly spiraled into a physical one as well.“What did Elias say?” Alec asked, wandering further into the room. He took extra care to stay as far away from Magnus as he could manage. Alec didn’t seem to trust himself to be alone with Magnus any more than Magnus did."You were right." Magnus said. Alec stared at him, as puzzled as Magnus had expected him to be. "My father does know who you are." He explained, "He's been watching me this entire time." Alec inhaled sharply, and Magnus told him about the grimoire and the curse. As he spoke, he recalled the conversation he'd had with Elias. He'd not yet forgotten the sounds of Elias’ crying, and thoughts of the years of suffering Elias had been made to endure because of him were still fresh in his mind. He didn’t mention any of that to Alec. He couldn’t. Alec wanted to know about necromancy, and the chances he had of bringing his mother back, but as much as Magnus had mourned for Elias’ death, he was starting to wish that the boy had never been resurrected at all. It seemed a cruel fate to have him back here now, after all he’d been through in his short life, instead of allowing him to rest peacefully.It was yet another thing that Magnus marked against his father. "Isabelle and Clary went into the Silent City." Alec said when Magnus was finished talking, "They told me everything. Edom. The Great War. The Labyrinth."Magnus was silent. He hadn't been expecting that, but he found himself mildly impressed to hear it. He knew enough about Alicante to know that the Silent City was strictly off limits to everyone, and he realized that he might have greatly underestimated Isabelle and Clary, if they were willing to bypass one of the oldest and strictest of their Kingdom’s laws. “You never mentioned it.” Alec said, and he sounded almost accusatory, “You let me think-” “Would you have believed me if I had told you the truth?” Magnus asked him. Alec said nothing. His hands were clasped firmly behind his back. Magnus wondered if Alec was aware of how often he did that, or if he could see the things it did to Magnus whenever it happened. Alec was a Prince. He would one day be a King. Subconsciously or not, Alec embodied the position he had been born to fill so completely that it was often difficult to separate him from it.He couldn't look at Alec and not see everything that Idris had done.“Do you trust me enough for that?” Magnus continued, pressing further, “To believe me over everything you’ve always known?”Alec’s answer was not immediate, but he didn’t look away from Magnus as he thought it through silently.“I don’t know who I trust.” He said eventually. Magnus pressed his lips together and pushed aside the thought. This was getting too personal, and they had more important things to focus on.“The Labyrinth is the center of all warlock magic.” Magnus said, “Before the Great War, it was guarded and protected by the Spiral Council, a group of ancient warlocks who had been entrusted with the task of ensuring that the knowledge kept in the Labyrinth never fell into the wrong hands. When Jonathan Shadowhunter approached them with his Accords, the Council turned him away. When he didn’t listen, and proceeded to launch Idris into a war, the Council foresaw that they needed to take more extreme measures than a simple ‘no’. They knew that Jonathan Shadowhunter would stop at nothing to get what he wanted, and so they formed a plan that would keep him away from the Labyrinth even if the circumstances of the war fell in his favor.”“They hid it.” Alec said. His eyes were sharp with focus, “Jonathan searched for it for years after the end of the war and never found it.”Magnus nodded. “No one knows how, or where it went. The area that was Edom is now nothing but a scorched wasteland, most of it sunken into the sea. Jonathan wasn’t the only one who looked for it after the war. Warlocks have spent centuries searching, attempting to find the place we had once called home. But wherever the Council took it, it seemed to be gone for good.”“Seemed.” Alec repeated, “As in, it isn’t gone anymore?”Magnus nodded stiffly, “No. Not anymore. My father found it. He’s opened the Labyrinth.”“...And how bad is that?” Alec asked, clearly hoping that Magnus would say it was not actually as bad as it sounded, “How worried do we have to be?”“Whatever my father found in the Labyrinth,” Magnus said gravely, “He was able to create a necromancy spell. He broke down Adamas, a heavenly material placed around Alicante by the Angel Raziel himself. Those two things should have been impossible. My father is the last person that I trust with that kind of power. The sooner we find him, the better.”
Isabelle pulled her coat tighter around her body as the chill of late night air hit her. She stepped down the first few steps of the house, craning her neck to see around the side of it. She found Lydia easily enough, pacing at the edge of clearing, near the start of the trees that extended backwards into the darkness of the woods. She tried to move silently, but Lydia heard her anyway. “What are you doing out here?” Lydia asked, slowing to a stop. She looked around, and Isabelle could tell that she was trying to find an excuse to leave. She gave up quickly when she realized that there were none, her hands dropping restlessly to her sides as she said, helplessly, “It’s cold.”A couple of months ago, in what now seemed like another life entirely, Isabelle would have responded with something like, well, maybe you could keep me warm.Now however…“I wanted to talk to you.” She said, “You’ve been avoiding me. And you haven’t eaten yet.”The food Magnus had summoned for them had been surprisingly good, and once Isabelle and Clary had finally given in to their hunger enough to dispel any lingering worries about trusting the warlock not to poison them, they’d hardly been able to stop eating. Lydia had stayed away the entire time, and eventually Isabelle had given up waiting for her to come back inside.Lydia seemed content to run and hide from their problems, but Isabelle couldn’t just get rid of the gaping hole left in her as a result of Lydia’s absence. She had thought, at first, that she didn’t need any type of real closure, and she’d quickly proved herself wrong.“I’m not hungry.” Lydia said. Her hair was pulled back in a tight braid and she tucked the single strand that had escaped it behind her ear. Isabelle shifted on her feet, feeling suddenly out of place. The silence that stretched between them was deafening.Finally, Lydia was the one to break it with a soft, almost regretful, sigh, “Why did you really come out here, Isabelle?”And there was something about the way she said it- that thin layer of formality that might have been unnoticeable to someone else, but that Isabelle, who was one of the few people who had ever had the pleasure of hearing Lydia when that wall was broken down, picked up on immediately.“I want an explanation.” Isabelle said. Alec was always straightforward in his requests, and it seemed to work out well enough for him. Perhaps Isabelle should give that a try, too. “I want to know why we can’t be together. You told me that you needed time and I gave you that, but then you came back and said there was no chance for us at all. I want to know what happened between those two events to change your mind. I want to know what I did to break us so badly that you felt there was no chance of fixing us-”“It’s not because of you.” Lydia said. Her eyes were wide, and slightly horrified, at the idea that Isabelle could think such a thing, “It was never because of you. I told you-”“That there were things you needed to work through, I know.” Isabelle said. She tried not to show how much this conversation pained her, “But you never told me what those things were. You just… left. You stopped talking to me, you stopped looking at me. You barely even allow yourself to be alone with me anymore-”Lydia let out a delirious sounding laugh, sobering up quickly to say, “The last time we were alone together, we-”“I know.” Isabelle cut her off, and the memory of it stung harder than it should’ve, given how happy she’d been that night, “I remember. I was there too. I just didn’t run away afterwards, like I’d made some horrible mistake-”“It was a horrible mistake!” Lydia said sharply. Isabelle’s mouth snapped shut, hurt flaring through her. Lydia was instantly aware of what she’d just said and regret was evident in her wide eyes. She moved as if to come closer to Isabelle, her hand outstretched to reach for her, and Isabelle jolted backwards almost automatically. “Don’t.” She said icily. It was the first time in a long time that Isabelle didn't want Lydia anywhere near her. Why had she come out here again? She couldn’t imagine that this feeling was any better than what she’d been dealing with before.Still, Lydia’s gaze was imploring, bordering on desperation. “We can’t be together, Isabelle.” Lydia said, “We just can’t. Michael would throw me out of the Guard- I would have to leave the Palace, maybe even leave Alicante entirely. And you, do you really think you would be allowed to be with me? You're the Princess! You're going to marry someone with an actual title, someone who can be what you need- Isabelle, it can't be me."Isabelle faltered. Despite knowing that Lydia had a fair argument, it wasn't enough for her to give this up. Isabelle had spent years silently pining after Lydia. She’d spent years dreaming of what if's and maybe’s, and she’d hid it all with a smile and whatever new relationship she could find to distract herself from the fact that there'd only ever been one person for her.It had always been Lydia. She'd kissed her for the first time only a few months ago. She had leaned in, holding her breath, and finally asked for what she'd always wanted. She'd known the risk then. Through the next several hours of all that had come afterwards, Isabelle had never been under the impression that things between the two of them would be easy. In her mind, Lydia had always been worth the risk.She wished now that she'd been turned away that night. If Lydia didn’t feel the same, then this rejection might not hurt so badly. At least then Isabelle would have a reason for it. Now she was just left with a million questions, and the only person that could answer them refused to talk to her."Do you think that this isn't scary for me?" Isabelle demanded, after yet another moment of heartbreaking silence had passed, "Do you think that I'm not terrified of this, too? The only difference between the two of us is that you're too afraid of all that could go wrong to even try. You won't even give us a chance, Lydia."“And that’s not even half of it.” Isabelle continued, “You’re hiding things from me, I know you are. You won’t tell me anything about your past, or why it’s preventing you from being with me now-”“I tried!” Lydia insisted, “I tried, and it didn’t work, Isabelle! What more do you want from me?”“I want you!” Isabelle exclaimed, “I just want to understand. I feel like there’s a wall between us and I’m the only one trying to break it down.”Lydia recoiled. Her eyes were shining with tears that Isabelle knew she would never allow herself to shed. Lydia didn’t do vulnerability, not really, and it was the reminder of that that made it clear to Isabelle: no matter what she said, any attempt to get the truth from Lydia would only be met with resistance.The conversation was over, she realized, and once again she’d gotten nothing.
Alec made his way through the house some hours later, the silence of the night having long since settled over them. He passed by the drawing room as he went and found Lydia laying across one of the couches, with minute twitches giving away her restlessness even as she slept. Isabelle and Clary were sharing a bedroom but the only other spare room in the house belonged to Elias, and Magnus had not offered up its use.The door to Magnus’ study was closed, but there was light coming out from the space it made at the bottom. If Alec listened extra closely he could almost hear the muted sounds of movement coming from the other side of it. It brought him to a pause, however, as he slightly hesitated with his hand hovering over the handle.It was late, and Magnus had yet to come upstairs.Alec had been somewhat grateful for having a few hours to himself, but he’d been unable to fall asleep without knowing what Magnus was doing. Now that he was actually here he only contemplated further, trying with difficulty to make up his mind about interrupting. And then the decision was made for him: The handle twisted itself and the door swung open slowly. Alec jerked his hand back from it as though it had burnt him.Magnus sat on top of his desk, his expression unreadable. His Keris was out of its sheath and Magnus held it carefully in his hands as he watched Alec.“I was-” Alec began, realizing that any excuse he gave would be useless. He’d clearly been caught, and Magnus had never had much patience for excuses. He cleared his throat and tried again, “It’s late.”Magnus didn’t answer, not that Alec had expected him to. His eyes spoke clearly of the request that his mouth didn’t. Letting out a shaky breath, Alec walked into the room and crossed the short distance until he stood between Magnus’ spread legs. He was cognizant of the dagger that Magnus held between their bodies and urged himself not to look down at it. He didn’t take his eyes away from Magnus’, not even as Magnus raised a hand and, with a small flick of his wrist, closed the door. Alec didn’t have to check to know that he’d locked it.It was always like this, Alec thought, somewhere in the back of his mind, in the place that could still process thoughts outside of how much he wanted Magnus. It was as though Magnus had a direct line to every fiber of Alec’s being, and it didn’t take much from him to ignite each one. He could bend Alec to his bidding whenever he desired, and Alec would go willingly each time. He would surrender each time. It had always been like this, and still the magnitude of whatever he felt for Magnus still terrified him. There was the soft sound of metal connecting with the hard wooden surface of the desk, and Alec glanced down to see that Magnus had placed the Keris to the side of him. His hands were resting on his lap, no part of him touching Alec, but Alec still felt as though Magnus’ touch was all over his body anyway. He shivered against the feel of it, pulling himself back slightly and noting the way that Magnus’ lips twitched in displeasure.Alec focused back on the dagger. He'd never asked about it before. Not asking about the Keris had always been one of those unspoken rules between them, despite the fact that Alec could hardly recall a time he’d ever seen Magnus without it.One of Magnus’ hands came up to encircle Alec's wrist. Alec didn’t pull away.“You said it belonged to your mother.” He said. Magnus watched him warningly. It unnerved him, just enough that Alec really contemplated how much he wanted to push this topic of conversation. He placed his free hand over Magnus’, ignoring the jolt that the additional point of contact sent through his body.“How did she die?” Alec asked slowly, “You never talk about-”“She killed herself.” Magnus said. Alec broke off, surprised both at the revelation and at the callous way that Magnus said it. He was even more shocked by the absolute lack of emotion in his eyes as he spoke those words that should have devastated him. “The Keris was her parting gift.” Magnus continued, his tone giving away no hint of affection, “She killed herself with it, and left it to me. I was ten.”
  Oh.
“I’m sorry.” Alec said reflexively, instantly regretting the words for the way that Magnus’ gaze hardened even further at the sound of them. The hand that was holding onto Alec’s wrist released him abruptly.“Don’t be.” Magnus said, “I’m not.”Magnus pushed Alec away and then got to his feet, turning his back as though he couldn’t stand to look at Alec any longer. He picked up the Keris and placed it into its sheath, but despite what he’d just said he handled the dagger as he always did, with just a hint of reverence in each movement. Despite the darkness of its history, Magnus clearly felt deeply about it, and Alec found himself wondering about the woman it had belonged to before Magnus. He’d met Asmodeus, the man who Magnus accredited with being responsible for all the worst parts of himself. Who had his mother been?“Was she anything like Asmodeus?” Alec asked.There was a beat, and then- “No.” Magnus said stoically, “She was nothing like him.”Alec considered that for a moment, and then, acting on instinct, moved towards Magnus. If Magnus was aware of him coming closer -which he undoubtedly was- then he didn’t show it. Alec pressed himself against Magnus’ back, trapping the other man between Alec’s chest and the edge of the desk. The Keris had disappeared, and Alec knew Magnus had magically sent it somewhere. Magnus’ hands spread out flat against the wooden surface of the desk, and Alec reached forward with his own hands to intertwine their fingers together as he leaned in even closer.“Alexander.” Magnus said, the word sounding choked off, as though it was being reluctantly pulled right from his chest. Alec wanted to press Magnus for more information. He wanted to ask more about Magnus’ mother, and about the Keris, and about Elias, and about Magnus’ life before he’d come to Brocelind- all the things that had happened to make him who was now. But he could see from the tautness of Magnus’ shoulders and the strained note of his voice that he wouldn’t be received well if he did.“Alec-”“Shh.” Alec urged him. His own voice was rougher than he’d anticipated. Now that he’d pushed aside his curiosity for a later date, the initial desire that he’d felt when he’d come into the room earlier was back, scorching at the surface of his skin the way his desire for Magnus always did. Magnus was practically vibrating with need of his own, and Angels- Alec’s breath caught in his throat. He wanted so badly it hurt.Apparently Magnus did too. He spun himself around and reached up to tangle his fingers in Alec’s hair, dragging Alec’s mouth to his before Alec had the time to argue against it. Alec went easily, his hands shifting to their new position so that he was still bracketing Magnus between them, even as Magnus moved again so that he was sitting back on the desk.Alec caught Magnus’ bottom lip between his teeth, eliciting a surprised hiss from the other man, and Magnus’ grip in his hair tightened to the point of pain in retribution. Alec groaned into the kiss, their mouths moving roughly against each other as Magnus’ legs spread wider apart. Alec settled himself between them. Blindly, he found the edge of Magnus’ shirt and began tugging it up, splaying his hands against bare skin. Magnus responded quickly enough, and then suddenly both of their shirts were up over their heads and scattered across the floor. Magnus’ fingers moved to the waistband of Alec’s pants almost immediately.“Off.” Magnus demanded, his movements becoming more frantic as the razor edge of desperation leaked into his voice, "Take it off, Alexander."Alec listened, and then they were naked, and Alec was pressing himself even closer to Magnus’ body, the warmth of it grounding him. Magnus’ nails scratched down the length of Alec’s back hard enough that Alec was sure he left an imprint behind. Alec reached down to wrap his hand around Magnus’ cock, jerking him off with quick and tight movements that Magnus arched into. Alec was burning up from the inside, desperate for more even though he didn’t know what more actually was. And Magnus was the only grounding point, the only thing keeping him tethered to everything else, the only thing that Alec was absolutely certain of-“Alexander.” Magnus breathed. Something brushed against the side of Alec’s hand, and somehow he wasn’t surprised to open his eyes and find the bottle of lubricant there. Magnus’ eyes were opened as well, bright and gold and wanting, and it knocked the breath right out of Alec, as it always did.And there was something else there too. Something was bothering Magnus, keeping him from sinking fully into what was happening at the moment. Alec couldn’t quite figure out which of the numerous things that had occurred was responsible for it, but he was sure that he would do everything within his power to make Magnus forget about it. At least for a little while.He cracked open the bottle, spreading the cool mixture over his fingers, and then moved his hand back to Magnus’ cock. Magnus’ made a quiet sound that Alec drank up greedily, bending so he could press their lips together again. Magnus was saying his name, repeated utterances of all four syllables because Magnus loved saying Alec’s full name in a way that no one else really did, with stuttered out gasps and broken moans that played like music in Alec’s ear.With one last stroke over Magnus' length, Alec gripped him by his arm and yanked him up, perhaps a bit too harshly, pulling him off of the desk and turning him around in one fluid movement. Magnus adjusted to the new position immediately, spreading his legs and bending over so that his elbows propped him up against the desk. His head dropped low, and he breathed harshly with anticipation as Alec kneaded at the firmness of his ass, spreading him apart.Alec spread more of the lubricant over his hand. He pressed a single finger against Magnus’ rim and circled him there. He received an ineloquent curse in response for the teasing that cut off with a sharp groan as Alec sank his finger all the way in.Magnus’ head fell down to the desk. He pushed himself back against Alec’s finger, and Alec didn’t have to do much else besides keep his hand still and let Magnus work for what he wanted. He prepped Magnus quickly, working up to another finger and enjoying the way that Magnus cried out each time Alec pressed against his prostate.“Fuck- Alec.” Magnus said harshly, “Fucking get inside of me, now.”Alec pressed a kiss between Magnus’ shoulder blades, pulling his fingers free and ignoring Magnus’ noise of complaint.“Good enough?” Alec asked. Magnus nodded before he’d even finished the question, and then Alec was reaching for the lubricant one more time and spreading it over his own cock, lining himself up with Magnus’ hole-“Angels.” Alec swore under his breath as he pushed in. Magnus enveloped him with tight heat the deeper Alec got, and he couldn’t help the groan that it punched out of him. The sounds Magnus was making spurred him on, the elegant arch of Magnus’ back as he pushed himself back for more, taking in all of Alec’s cock.Magnus cried out loudly, and Alec kept himself there, his hips flushed against Magnus’ ass. He allowed Magnus a moment to get used to the stretch brought on by only being prepped with two fingers. Only a moment though. He wanted Magnus to feel him, to leave an impression in the man’s mind so that Magnus would always remember him. The tension in Magnus’ shoulders was still there, but different this time. The good kind of tension, the one that spoke of anticipation and Magnus being just as eager as Alec was for what came next.Without warning, Alec pulled back until only the tip of his cock was inside of Magnus, and he thrust back in hard enough to jolt Magnus’ body against the desk. Magnus swore harshly, grappling for purchase as he groaned out Alec's name. He got louder when Alec did it again, and again, until Magnus’ words were all blurring into each other, one long intelligible jumble of more and harder and Alexander-“Magnus.” Alec gasped out, the word wrung out from the deepest parts of himself, “Angels, you feel so good.”Magnus’ cock was leaking onto the surface of the desk and the floor beneath them. He met Alec’s thrusts with just as much fervor, giving as well as he was taking, demanding just as much as he was begging, and Alec let himself be swept up into it. He lost himself to the feel of Magnus around him, the smell of sweat and sex in the air and the sharp cries it pulled from the both of them. It was intoxicating, and if Magnus was a drug, he was one that Alec was helplessly addicted to.Alec dragged one of his hands up from Magnus’ hips to wrap around his chest instead, pulling Magnus up and holding him there tightly, their bodies plastered together. He slowed his thrusts to a dirty grind, and Magnus’ head fell back against his shoulder with a low, guttural moan, his own hand coming up to tangle in Alec’s hair. Alec brought his lips to Magnus’ ear, angling himself at the same time so that he dragged the head of his cock against Magnus’ prostate. Magnus choked off a sob.“Touch yourself.” Alec whispered roughly, cutting him off on whatever he’d been about to say, “Magnus. Make yourself come.”Magnus did, wrapping a hand around his cock and jerking himself off with quick tugs that fell on just the right side of too rough, the way Alec knew he liked it best, especially when he got like this, so far gone that the only thing he had in mind was his release. Alec’s fingers dug hard into Magnus’ hips, pulling him back onto his cock even as Magnus thrust into his own fist. He seemed lost, like he wasn’t sure which sensation he wanted to follow more.“Come." Alec ordered, his voice low, needing to see Magnus lose himself and know that he was the one who had caused it, “Now, Magnus-”Magnus did, with a strangled scream that still managed to be loud enough that Alec spared a thought for everyone else in the house. He hoped to the Angels that they hadn’t heard anything and knew it was probably unlikely, but he was unable to care for that fact. Not with the way Magnus’ hips were moving against him now with broken little movements as he spilled his release over his own hand, until he collapsed back against Alec like everything he had in him had been wrung out.Alec wasn’t done. He pushed Magnus forward again, allowing his cock to slip out of Magnus for just long enough to maneuver them around the way he wanted. He brought Magnus’ leg up so that Magnus’ knee was raised and resting against the desk, so that he was supporting himself on only one of his feet, his upper body all but falling forward onto the desk entirely as his arms struggled not to give out.“Alexander.” Magnus said, sounding entirely wiped out, and Alec couldn’t tell if the low warning in Magnus’ voice turned him on more than the way Magnus still arched back for Alec to enter him again.“Yes?” Alec breathed out in response. He didn’t hold back now, pushing all the way in and finding back his momentum immediately. Magnus didn’t answer him, not with anything more than a gasp of Alec’s name as his body shook with the overstimulation. Alec kept him pinned through it all, making Magnus take it, breathing harshly as he felt his own climax finally begin to build.It tore through him so hard that Alec’s vision whited out, seconds of nothing but starlight bursting behind his eyes. Magnus was his only anchor, and Alec followed that feeling until he’d recovered himself. He was slouching against Magnus, and Magnus was pressed against the desk beneath Alec’s weight. Alec’s cock was softening inside of him, and yet he didn’t want to move. He didn’t want to lose it yet- this feeling of being intrinsically tied to Magnus in a way he’d never been with anyone else before. Magnus, Alec realized, was in a league all on his own, set apart from anyone else that Alec had ever been with. They had all been forgettable, and most of them Alec had forgotten the moment their interaction was over. The impression that Magnus had left on him was burnt into Alec’s consciousness and would remain there forever. He would never forget Magnus. He didn’t think he could stand the thought of Magnus forgetting him.He pulled out, and placed a hand to Magnus’ lower back, keeping the other man from moving. Magnus, to Alec’s mild surprise, didn’t fight him. His breathing was still rough, panting where he lay against the table, his head half turned so that Alec could see the side of his face. His eyes were squeezed shut and he was covered in sweat, his hair sticking to his forehead. Magnus made a soft, wretched sound, his hips twisting minutely. Alec looked down and found the source of Magnus’ problems easily- Alec’s come leaking out of him, a thin line of white trailing down the back of Magnus’ thigh.Angels, Alec thought. He closed his own eyes and reopened them after a second."Say it." Alec said, with a quiet desperation to his voice that shocked him. He hadn't meant to say the words out loud and Magnus didn’t seem to hear him. Alec called again, “Magnus.”Magnus blinked open his eyes and watched Alec out of the corner of them. There was a certain level of vulnerability that came with Magnus being like this, right after they’d had sex, and Alec never got tired of seeing it, even though he knew that Magnus was still mostly closed off to him in all the ways that might have actually mattered.He bent down and pressed another kiss against Magnus’ shoulder, moving upwards, along his neck, the curve of his jaw, until he was right near Magnus’ ear, and could whisper into them the way he knew would make Magnus shiver.“Say it.” He said again, needing to hear the words more than he needed air to breathe, "Tell me that this is for you, just as much as it's for me. Say it."He pressed a finger against Magnus’ hole, feeling the sore muscle twitch under his ministrations. Magnus groaned into it even as he cursed yet again, “Fuck you, Alexander.”Alec pushed a finger into him, not bothering to be gentle, “Tell me-”“I can’t give you what you want.” Magnus said. He tried to pull away from Alec and Alec held him fast, pressing down against him more firmly than he’d been doing. He angled his finger so it rubbed against that spot inside of Magnus, and Magnus’ hips jerked roughly against the unexpectedness of it.And then Magnus was pushing him away, catching Alec by surprise enough that he let him go. Magnus pulled himself up and spun around just in time for Alec to reach him again. He grabbed Magnus by the waist and pushed him back against the desk, "Say the fucking words, Mag-”Something sharp pressed against his throat. Alec stopped moving. He was sure he stopped breathing. He drew his head back slowly and found Magnus watching him coldly. Whatever moment of vulnerability had been there just a few minutes before, it was gone completely now. Magnus had a knife in his hand and he held it firmly against Alec, the blade not letting up its pressure even as Alec instinctively tried to pull away from it.“You can leave now.” Magnus said icily, “I’m done with you now.”“You’re a coward.”“Takes one to know one.” Magnus sneered. Alec felt the blade sink in ever so slightly; Just a little bit further and he had no doubt Magnus would actually cut him. His next breath caught in his throat, but he stopped trying to get away."I lied." Magnus said, "This morning, when you asked if I'd used magic on you before. I lied." "What the hell are you talking about?"Magnus' eyes flashed burning gold, "The night we met."Alec blanched, and still something within him rebelled at Magnus' words. He remembered that night- waking up in Magnus' bed after falling off of church... he remembered...Nothing. Nothing at all, he realized, between leaving the palace and waking up in Magnus' bed sometime after. He tried, desperately now, to recall even a small image of that night, anything at all to put his mind at ease, but it was as it had always been: a vast shadow of nothingness.He'd always believed it to be a concussion, because that was what Magnus had told him. Alec had never had reason to doubt him.He shoved Magnus back against the desk, knocking the knife away so it clattered onto the floor, "Why don't I remember that night?""You were alone, and defenseless, and another warlock in the woods attacked you." Magnus said, "I saw him knock you off of Church and he warned me to stay away, telling me to not get involved. I didn't know who you were at the time."Alec shook his head, "You're not making any fucking sense, Magnus. I would remember that-""I took your memories." Magnus cut him off, and Alec was filled with the worst sort of feeling. Anger, resentment, hatred, disbelief. It all culminated at one point, the only thing he was absolutely sure of even without his memories, even without needed to ask. But he did anyway, "You killed him. The warlock."There was a beat, and then, "He died, yes."Alec yanked himself away. Furious, he realized he was still undressed, same as Magnus, except Magnus appeared perfectly unbothered by that fact. Alec dressed himself with quick, efficient movements, refusing to look in Magnus’ direction the entire time even as he felt Magnus’ gaze scorching his skin, "Do you want to know what happened after that?""There's more?" Alec demanded, and immediately felt stupid for it. Of course there was more. There always was, where Magnus was concerned. Magnus stretched out a hand and the knife that had fallen to the floor flew to his palm.“I sent a fire message to Catarina and asked her to come help me take you back to my house." Magnus narrated in an almost bored voice, "You had a small concussion and a few bruises, all of which she healed. You were still unconscious, and I told her that I would keep you with me until you woke up. Catarina left, but then I started thinking... I had no way to know how you would react if you remembered what had really happened. You’d seen magic with your own two eyes, you could have reported us back to Idris and it could have spiraled into something much worse. I had Elias to think about.”Magnus spoke the boy’s name softly, just that single sentence before his tone hardened again, "I thought I had the grimoire and I was still in hiding trying to keep it away from everyone else. I couldn’t leave Brocelind. It was just easier, all things considered, to take that single memory away from you. And no, before you ask. I can't give them back to you. I didn't store them anyway.”Before that moment, Alec had never considered storing memories to be a possibility. But now that he knew it was, the fact that Magnus had taken his and hadn't stored them made him even angrier."And did you ever consider," Alec asked coldly, "What I would think about it?""No." Magnus said, with devastating ease, as though the thought of Alec's feelings had never crossed his mind at all. "Why should I believe you?" Alec asked, "You could have stored them somewhere and you're just choosing not to give them back. You could have done much worse to me-""That's the fucking point, Your Highness." Magnus snapped, "I'm not the hero in this story, Alec. I'm not the good guy. I'm not the one that's going to fucking save you from your life. What just happened here, and at the lake earlier, it didn't mean anything. It didn't change anything. Just because we have a common enemy doesn't mean we're on the same side." “Don't think I've forgotten.”“Good. Then we agree.”Magnus turned away from him, effectively dismissing him as he went back to his seat on the other side of his desk. With a wave of his hand, Magnus was fully clothed again.Alec felt a pang in his chest, a sharp stab of bitterness and betrayal that he told himself shouldn’t even be there. He forced himself not to look back at Magnus as he made his way to the door and slipped outside, feeling like weights were being attached to his ankles with every step he took towards the bedroom.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Part Three
 Magnus went to Catarina’s.The first rays of early morning sunlight had begun making their way through the trees by the time he arrived at the cottage, and he knocked at the door with their argument from the day before replaying itself in his mind.Catarina, to her credit, appeared neither upset nor surprised to see him. She led Magnus inside and waved him over to the couches, and Magnus sat gingerly at the end of one, unable to let himself relax fully even as Catarina shoved a tea-cup into his hands.“How is he?” Magnus asked. He glanced down the corridor, but there was no noise in the cottage aside from the two of them and Elias was nowhere to be seen. Catarina sighed, looking deeply troubled, “He woke in the middle of the night and started screaming for his parents. Eventually I gave him a potion to help him sleep better. It will wear off soon.”Magnus set the cup down onto the table. He didn’t have an appetite.“I stand by what I said yesterday.” Catarina said anyway, “I don’t believe anything good will come out of helping Idris’ royal family. We have suffered enough at their hands.”Magnus couldn’t begrudge her this opinion, and told her as much.Catarina gave him a small, knowing smile, “But it doesn’t change anything, does it? You care too much for him. He wouldn't be here if you didn't.”Magnus looked away from her, reminding himself that he had come here with a purpose, and that Alec was the last thing he needed to be thinking about. Still, it was difficult to get the words out, both for who and what it entailed and the unpleasant feeling that Catarina’s words had left him with.“What do you know about dimensional magic?” Magnus asked eventually. Catarina frowned, but didn't call him out on the abrupt change of subject.“Nothing much. Do you intend on revealing your reasons for asking?”“I’ve been doing some thinking.” Magnus said slowly, “About the Lost City.”“Edom?” Catarina asked in shock. At Magnus’ affirmative response, she inhaled sharply and set down her own cup. “Why?”Magnus told her about his father having managed to find Edom’s location, leaving out the parts of the story that involved what had happened to Elias. Catarina clearly knew that something terrible had taken place in Elias’ past, but she wouldn’t ask for any more than she needed to know and Magnus was unwilling to speak about it with anyone. He thought of Elias in the other room, and his own nightmares that had plagued him for years, and how he’d suffered not even half of what Elias had endured.By the end of it, Catarina appeared to be as horrified as Magnus felt. Catarina had only met Asmodeus very briefly, but that had been more than enough. She clearly understood the gravity of him having access to the Spiral Labyrinth and all the power it was said to possess.“And you think that… it was hidden in another dimension?” She asked. Magnus had been slightly hoping that Catarina would tell him that this idea made no sense and encourage him to abandon it, but she only looked deep in thought as she urged Magnus to continue with a small wave of her hand. Magnus sighed, and reluctantly did as he was asked.“My mother wrote letters.” He said, “To a man named Ragnor Fell.”He looked up at Catarina, but she showed no sign of recognizing the name. Magnus had never told Catarina about his mother or about her journal filled with unsent letters, and certainly not about Ragnor, the man who they'd all been addressed to, who’d plagued so many of Magnus' thoughts despite Magnus never having worked up the courage to seek him out.“She wrote once about his interest in dimensional magic.” Magnus continued, “It was only once, just that brief mention, but I-”
  But I’ve read those letters so many times that I’ve committed each word to memory.
“But I remembered it.” He said instead. His voice sounded as though it was being scraped across gravel, and he cleared his throat hastily. “Last night, after Elias told me about Asmodeus, I spent some time thinking about where Edom could have been hidden."“You’re not the first warlock to assume it was hidden in another dimension.” Catarina reminded him gently.Magnus nodded, “I know. But- my father is weak right now. He’s waiting until he regains his strength before he reaches out to me. I need to at least try to find him before that happens, and if Ragnor knows anything at all about dimensional magic, if Edom really is hidden in another dimension…”“Do you have Ragnor’s address?” Catarina asked, “Does he live in Idris?”Ragnor did live in Idris, but Magnus didn't mention the fact that Ragnor was one of the major reasons he’d chosen to move to Idris as well. Ragnor lived in Princewater, in a house Magnus had only ever seen from a distance, standing hidden by the shadows of a building and clutching his mother’s journal in his hands. He’d probably stood there for hours, but Ragnor had never left the house and Magnus hadn’t been able to bring himself to walk up to it.Ragnor Fell, whoever he was, had been a part of Anisa’s life once. And now Magnus had a chance to meet him. He wasn’t sure he wanted it.“You don’t have to help me.” Magnus said, “I'll understand if you choose not to. I already owe you far more than I can ever repay you for. But I do want to hear what you have to say about it.”“If you believe you can get answers from Ragnor Fell, then I wish you all the best in your journey to find him.” Catarina said, and Magnus’ stomach dropped, even though he’d expected this outcome, “But I won’t go with you, not if they’re a part of it.”Magnus lowered his head.“Just promise me one thing.” Catarina said, leaning forward. Magnus started to look up at her, but a soft noise from the side of the room caused him to turn away instead. It was Elias, looking upon the two of them with a tired, yet cautious expression.He jumped to his feet.“I heard you talking.” Elias said quietly, and the feeling Magnus had had yesterday, as though his entire world was being turned over, returned with full force.Catarina was on her feet beside Magnus in an instant, a wave of her hand sending the cups away. Elias’ eyes followed the movement.“I need to find an ingredient for a potion.” Catarina said, “It will take me a few minutes. The two of you can talk.”Magnus had no idea whether or not Catarina actually needed any ingredient for any potion, but he gave her an appreciative look as she slipped out the front door and went. Elias hovered in the space where he stood, looking out of place in the small room, his hands restless at his sides, tugging at the threads of his clothing.“You’re leaving.” He said. Magnus was startled, wondering exactly how long Elias had been listening to them talk, but he nodded slowly in response. He would take Elias with him, if the boy asked to come, but somehow he doubted that Elias would want that.“When you find your father,” Elias said, his voice barely above a whisper, “Could you ask him about my parents?”Magnus drew in a deep breath. Of course, he wanted to say, of course I will. But he didn’t think Elias would want to know the answer even if he got it, and Magnus didn’t want to be the one to deliver that final blow.Elias seemed to realize what the expression on Magnus’ face said, and he slumped back against the wall, “I’ve accepted that they’re probably dead, but I don’t know how much of what he told me about them is a lie. I’ve spent eight years wondering, and I would like to not have to wonder anymore.”“I’ll find out.” Magnus promised. Elias nodded once, and then averted his gaze away from Magnus. He did that often, Magnus knew, but he’d always assumed that it was because of shyness. He’d never thought…“Elias.” Magnus said, keeping his tone steady, “There are no apologies in the world that will be enough to tell you how sorry I am. I would understand if you didn’t want to live with me after this. We could make other arrangements. You could go back home, or stay somewhere in Idris if you like, or… you can go wherever you want.”Elias was quiet for a long time, and the silence was a heavy presence in the room with them.His words when he finally spoke were soft, and he’d still not returned his gaze to Magnus’, a fact that hurt Magnus more than he’d expected it to.“I never hated you.” Elias said.Magnus’ relief flickered out before it had even settled itself. He was reluctant to believe it, not able to understand how Elias couldn’t hate him. Magnus’ own self loathing had been eating away at him since he’d found out the truth, and Elias had had years to let those feelings fester. What else was there to be felt besides hatred?“You're eyes are just like his.” Elias told him, “Looking into your eyes is like seeing him. I couldn’t bear it most of the time, but I always knew the difference.”What difference? Magnus thought. He’d spent hours looking into mirrors and despising the eyes that stared back at him, the ones that marked him as Asmodeus’ son, his father’s legacy imprinted on him for the world to see. And worst of all, they were the eyes that his mother had hated. She’d said that they looked like a monster’s. His eyes were the ones that had driven her to suicide, just to escape having to see them ever again.And Magnus couldn't even blame her for it. “I do have one more request.” Elias said suddenly. He looked back up at Magnus, his face twisted into a pained grimace that, if Magnus thought about it hard enough, he could recall having seen variations of a thousand times before.And maybe Elias’ request was not actually that surprising. Maybe it made perfect sense, in his mind, to ask for such a thing, even though the thought of it was one that was unfathomable to Magnus.Elias took a deep breath, “Take away my magic.”Magnus closed his eyes. He would do everything within his power to ensure that Elias never had cause for pain ever again. He would give the boy anything he asked for, so long as it was possible. But this…“It can’t be done.” Magnus said. He could lie, he told himself. He could allow the boy to have a few days worth of hope while Magnus trekked out to find an answer. Maybe he would find one at the Labyrinth.But what Elias was asking for…
  Magic such as this always came with a price.
“Magic has never caused me anything but pain.” Elias said pleadingly, “I want nothing more to do with it.”“You don’t understand.” Magnus told him, “Magic isn’t separate from you. It’s not like changing the color of your hair. Your magic is you, it's woven into the deepest parts of your being. Taking it away… you’re not likely to survive something like that.”Elias’ face fell, disappointment and anguish and, for the briefest of seconds, burning resentment taking over his features. Magnus was not sure where that resentment was directed- whether it was at Magnus or at Asmodeus. Elias, however, recovered himself quickly. He gave a sharp nod, turned on his heels, and walked back down the corridor.Magnus stared after him in despair. Not for the first time, he felt as if he truly understood what his mother had meant when she’d called him a monster.“Lydia.”Lydia tensed as Alec called out to her. She was out at the front of the house again and had been there for most of the morning. She told herself that she was just keeping watch for any danger, but she knew that she was mostly avoiding any encounters with Isabelle.She was avoiding Alec, too. She didn't want to look at him and be made to reconcile his trust in her with the fact that she had agreed to betray him in a way he would deem unforgivable.Alec descended the steps and came to a stop beside her. He seemed somewhat contrite, his head bent low and his hands dangling awkwardly at his sides in a way that was unusual for him.“You've seemed distant ever since we left the palace.” He said, and he held up a hand when Lydia immediately opened her mouth to argue, “I should have checked that you were okay with all of this. I know that you had -have- reservations about magic. And Magnus."“You don't need to check up on me.” Lydia said honestly. Alec was under an enormous amount of pressure. He always had been. Lydia felt, given all that he went through and the weight of the burdens that rested on his shoulders, he deserved a break from looking after everyone around him. She’d never questioned whether he cared about her wellbeing or not. She knew that he did.“But I do.” Alec insisted, “You're only here because of me, and perhaps the fact that I haven't talked to you about it yet would be acceptable of me as the Prince and as the future King, but as your friend…”He hesitated, dark blue eyes sweeping up to meet hers.“As your friend…” He continued apprehensively, “That’s not what I want our relationship to be. I don't want you to feel as though your opinion isn't being heard."Guilt pooled deep in Lydia’s gut, but she forced herself not to show it.Once, those words had been all she’d ever wanted to hear. She’d gone so long without anyone that she considered a friend, and who felt the same way about her, that she’d convinced herself she was destined to be alone. She supposed Alec had always been her friend, even more so now that she’d confessed to him the truth about John.But what had that confession gotten her? She was here, sure, but she was still conflicted about everything. She didn't trust the warlock. She didn't trust Isabelle and Clary and what they'd said about the Silent City. She didn't trust herself. A part of her still wondered if betraying Alec and killing the warlock would be the right thing to do, and what kind of friend would even think to do something like that?Alec was watching her expectantly, and at Lydia’s delayed response, she saw him start to panic. Lydia swallowed back her feelings of unease and made herself smile. She wasn’t sure if it reached her eyes.“Thank you.” She said. Alec relaxed marginally, but Lydia couldn’t bring herself to do the same. He motioned with a tilt of his head towards the steps, and Lydia followed him to take a seat.Suddenly, staying outside didn’t seem to be a much better option.Magnus had made it back to his house by the time he saw Catarina again. She stood leaning against a tree and covered in enough glamours that she was completely invisible to the two people who sat on the front steps, their mouths moving in a conversation Magnus could not overhear from the distance.Lydia and Alec caused entirely different, wildly conflicting reactions in Magnus, and he ignored all of those in favor of moving closer to Catarina. Magnus himself was hidden by the trees, and Lydia and Alec were turned away from him enough that he didn’t feel at risk of being seen. Catarina angled herself to better face him as the sound of his approaching footsteps breaking apart dried leaves alerted her to his presence. There was a sympathetic look on her face that only deepened once she saw Magnus walking towards her.“What can I do?” She asked.Magnus stared at her. Come with me, he wanted to say. I don’t know if I can do this on my own.But he couldn’t ask Catarina to do that, not when she’d already made it clear that she wanted no part of this. And besides, Catarina needed to be here, with Elias. Someone needed to monitor him and ensure that his recovery went well, and there was no one Magnus trusted to do that more than Catarina.“There was something you wanted to ask of me earlier?” Magnus asked instead, “Before Elias came in.”Catarina hesitated, “I just... Be safe. We'll have a drink when you get back."Magnus was unable to help the smile that tugged up the corners of his mouth. Catarina, however, shifted on her feet, and Magnus narrowed his eyes at her.“There was something else.” He said knowingly. Catarina sighed, but didn’t deny it.She reached for him, resting a hand over his arm in a way that was just a bit too awkward. They had still not gotten much practice in the realm of physical affection.“You care for the Prince.” Catarina said, repeating her words from before. It wasn’t a question, and Magnus didn’t answer it. He resisted his overwhelming urge to look over at Alec.He expected Catarina’s disapproval, or her anger, or for her to hold him down and make him take a potion that would cure him of those feelings he’d buried so deep inside himself that he sometimes wondered if they were even there at all. He almost begged her to do so. But she only looked at him with understanding.“Be careful with your heart.” She said, “Hearts have a tendency to make us do stupid things.”They were all gathered together in the drawing room, a map of Idris spread out before them. This, however, was Magnus’ map, a warlock map. One that displayed the ruins of what had once been Edom. It was nothing more than an orange-and-brown section of the map signifying what was now nothing but a burnt area, and the jagged edges that cut off where the sea met the land. ‘The Lost City’ was scrawled across it.“We need to go there?” Isabelle asked. She sat on the handle of one of the many chairs, Clary taking up the actual space that was designated for sitting. Lydia leaned against the wall behind them, her hands shoved into her pockets and her expression as it always was- as though she couldn’t quite decide if she should give in to her desperation to flee the situation entirely.Magnus had come to find that it was best if he ignored her. He could, however, see himself growing to like Alec’s sister, Isabelle, who managed to be just like her brother but somehow nothing like him at all. Isabelle stared down at the map with a sort of eagerness that vibrated off of her. She looked like a child who’d just been presented with an amazing gift. Where Alec usually headed into every situation cautiously, weighing each of his options carefully before deciding on the right move, Isabelle seemed to be the exact opposite. She would charge directly at her problems and face them head-on, and deal with the consequences they presented afterwards.And Clary, who looked at Magnus as though he was a particularly difficult puzzle that she’d not yet figured out and wouldn’t stop trying until she did, was also a much more preferable presence. She was Jace’s girlfriend, Magnus recalled, and he could tell from the way that her nervousness was an almost living thing besides her that she was deeply worried about him. Magnus hadn’t spent much time being worried about finding Jace, but looking at Clary now, he couldn’t help but wonder what he would be like if it was Alec who had been missing.“No.” Magnus said, in answer to Isabelle’s question. Alec was next to him, and he sat up a bit straighter as Magnus moved his hand over to where the city of Princewater was located on the map.“Here.” Magnus said, ignoring the way Alec’s proximity stirred something inside of him, “A man named Ragnor Fell lives here, he will be able to tell us more about this.”Isabelle cast Alec a furtive look that she tried to hide from Magnus.“Princewater?” Alec asked. Magnus turned to him, but Alec steadily avoided meeting Magnus’ eyes. And- oh. There was something Magnus wasn’t being told, which made him all the more interested in finding out what it was.“Yes.” He said, choosing to play into their games and their lies for a little while longer. At least until he got Alec alone for long enough to ask. Magnus had left Catarina's thinking of ways to avoid being alone with Alec, but that plan had flown out the window the moment he’d come back to the house.“Is there no other way?” Isabelle asked, pulling Magnus back into awareness of their conversation.“Is there a problem with Princewater?” Magnus retorted with a feigned confusion, “I wasn’t aware that there were parts of your Kingdom that you wanted to avoid.”Isabelle pressed her lips together, and Alec paled even further. Not a place then, Magnus realized. They were avoiding someone.Still, Alec gave nothing else away. “No.” He said, looking at Magnus, “There’s no problem. When do we leave?”Magnus pressed back his annoyance. He wondered if Alec was aware that Magnus could always tell when he was lying, especially when he was lying to Magnus. Whoever Alec was trying so hard to avoid in Princewater, Magnus now had every intention of finding out.“It’s only a day's journey. Is anyone opposed to leaving right away?” Magnus asked. He gave them all a brilliant smile, turning it especially on Alec, who sank back into his seat with a look of silent distress. Given what had happened between them last night, Magnus had been anticipating some sort of retaliation from Alec today. But Alec had been nothing less than civil, if not distant, the entire time. Magnus wasn’t sure who the performance was for- whether it was for his sister and his friends, for Magnus, or for Alec himself.He got no responses to his question, and so he rolled up the map and got to his feet with a single clap of his hands. “Great.” He said, “Then let’s prepare to leave.”No one in the room spoke as they all dispersed into different directions, and it took every ounce of self control that Magnus had not to follow Alec out of the room.“What’s in Princewater?” Clary asked.They were standing outside the stable, and had just finished fastening Church and The Chairman to Magnus’ carriage, a grand black vehicle with an embellished MB engraved on the side in gold. Alec stroked down the length of Church’s neck, the horse making a soft sound in response, and ignored the way he tensed at Clary’s question.                        Isabelle poked her head out from where she sat inside, finding Alec easily.“Magnus doesn’t know about Aline, does he?” She asked, though it was clear from her disapproving tone that she already knew the answer. Magnus was inside the house and had instructed them all to wait while he pulled together a few things, and Alec had already gone through no less than ten different excuses he could potentially fabricate as to why they needed to change their plan.“Aline?” Clary asked, “Aline Penhallow?”It was Lydia’s turn to speak, turning to Clary with mild surprise from where she sat atop the driver's seat, “You know Miss Penhallow?”“I know her family.” Clary said, “Of course I do. Her mother was the Consul before… before-”Clary broke off, her expression turning to one of sadness the way it did whenever she spoke of something that reminded her of her father. The Consul was appointed by and served as a consultant to the King of Idris, and was perhaps the second most powerful person in the Kingdom. They were the head of the Council, a group of elected jurors who presided over official political matters. Aline’s mother, Jia Penhallow, had served ten years as Consul before the role was offered to Stephen Herondale, instead of Valentine Morgenstern as many had suspected it would be.Valentine had never confirmed it, but many assumed that that had been his motive for what he’d done.The current Consul, Malachi Dieudonné, lived with his wife at their estate on the outskirts of Alicante.Clary shook her head, as if physically dispelling the thought, “What’s wrong with Aline? Why can’t Magnus know about-- oh.”Alec wasn’t sure if Clary had just put it together herself, or if whatever she saw on his face gave it away for him, but he abruptly turned away from her and climbed into the carriage, fitting himself in opposite Isabelle.“We won’t say anything to Magnus.” Isabelle said to him, reaching across the space and placing a hand over his, “But you should tell him yourself. If we’re seen in Princewater, word will inevitably get back to Aline, and Magnus is going to find out.”Alec knew she was right. Of course she was right. But the only thing he felt at her words was resentment as he remembered what happened with Magnus the night before. He'd never thought much of that missing space in his memory, but now he could think of nothing else. There was nothing to be found there no matter how hard he tried to reach for something, not even the slightest fragment of what Magnus had said. Alec couldn't wrap his head around Magnus literally removing a part of his memory, and he forced himself not to think of all the other times that Magnus could have done the same thing.
  I'm not the hero.
“It doesn’t even matter.” Alec said. He looked out the window and saw Magnus approaching. Clary joined them in the carriage and watched Alec with a concerned look that made his stomach churn.“What’s between Magnus and I is over.” He said, speaking to no one in particular, the words tasting like acid on his tongue, “There’s no reason for him to know.”
  
    Chapter Text
    The woods gave way to an expanse of flat terrain, filled with high green grasses and wildflowers, mountains peeking up from either side and off to the far distance. Alec was sure that Isabelle and Clary and, if he could see her from where she sat at the front of the carriage, Lydia as well, all relaxed considerably as they drove along the Brocelind Plain. The plain that connected Alicante to the smaller villages that were scattered along the way to Princewater was a regular route for travel, and they’d all traversed it many times under, admittedly, much more pleasant circumstances. Behind them, Alec could see the fading silhouette of the city, tinted by darkness. He was relieved when it finally disappeared from his sight entirely as they rolled along in a silence that was filled with the tension of unspoken words.The sky had started to change into shades of pinks and oranges by the time the carriage crossed over Silversteel bridge, spilling them onto the familiar streets of Princewater. The curtains were pulled back to avoid the risk of anyone looking in and recognizing them, but Alec could feel Isabelle’s eyes on him, her worry for him palpable in the small space they currently shared, and he almost wished that he was able to distract himself by looking outside. As it was, he stared down at his hands fisted tightly in his lap, ignoring the faint red lines from when he'd pressed his nails into his skin. He hadn’t even realized he’d been doing it.“Do you know Tessa Gray?”                            Alec looked up. It took him a second to realize that Isabelle had not been speaking to him, but to Magnus, who’d spent most of the trip flipping through an ancient looking book, occasionally making notes on the worn out pages.“The writer?” He asked, in answer to Isabelle’s question. Magnus turned to her. He clearly hadn’t been expecting to be asked anything, much less by Isabelle, but his initial surprise gave way quickly as he continued, albeit tentatively, “I’m familiar with her work. Her book The Infernal Devices is a favorite of mine, actually. Why?”Alec stared. He knew why Isabelle was asking, obviously; Tessa was a warlock, a piece of information Alec had learnt and quickly buried somewhere in the deeper parts of his memory where he would deal with it some other time, but he couldn’t decipher from Magnus’ tone whether or not Magnus was aware of Tessa's secret as well. As Alec attempted to figure out another reason as to why Magnus would voluntarily give up any information about himself when he’d always been decidedly closed off to Alec, Isabelle gave a nonchalant shrug.“No reason.” She said, “She’s one of my favorite writers too. I was just curious.”“Oh?” Magnus asked. He was in the seat near Isabelle and seemed genuinely intrigued, “Which one of her books is your favorite?”Isabelle’s enthusiasm was obvious, and Alec pushed back the sudden jolt that he recognized as jealousy. He had read Tessa’s books as well, he wanted to point out. Not that Magnus had ever asked. Magnus and Isabelle launched into a discussion about Tessa Gray’s career as Alec watched them, baffled, trying to make sense of what was happening and failing to do so. In his wildest dreams he had never been able to conjure up the image of Magnus and Isabelle talking and laughing with each other, with all the ease of two people who might have been friends in another lifetime. It made him uncomfortable. Besides him, Clary looked just as stunned as Alec felt.“Do you think your friend will bite my head off if I go up there to give her directions to Ragnor Fell's house?” Magnus asked suddenly. He waited, a faint smirk on his lips and a single brow arched with wry curiosity.“It isn’t unlikely.” Isabelle said musingly. Alec sighed.“Lydia isn’t a bad person.” He said, feeling the need to defend her. It was true; Lydia was just protective. She’d been through enough that he understood her need to constantly be on the defense. He’d thought that Isabelle would understand too -she and Lydia were friends as far as Alec knew- but Isabelle only rolled her eyes and said nothing more.Magnus hummed. The carriage had slowed to accommodate the crowd moving around them, and he unlatched the door to swing himself up and around to the front of it. Alec tried not to think of Lydia’s reaction to the suddenness of Magnus’ appearance as he reached out to clasp the lock back into its place.Isabelle sat back in her seat, looking entirely too pleased with herself.“He isn’t that bad.” She said, grinning at Alec, “I can see why you like him.”Alec blinked. He suddenly, and desperately, needed to be out of this carriage. He didn’t entertain Isabelle with a response, but the smugness was written clearly all over her face. She’d gotten her answer anyway.Ragnor Fell lived near the beach, in a small stone house covered by a gabled roof. There were a handful of other houses around the area as well, though Ragnor’s was hidden away behind a high enough wall that it appeared isolated. Alec’s sense of trepidation kicked up as the carriage slowed to a stop in front of it. He unclasped the lock just in time for the door to be pulled open, Lydia standing on the other side. Magnus was behind her, though not facing them. His attention was entirely on the house, an unreadable expression on his face. Alec fought the urge to go over to him as he climbed outside and then turned back around to offer his hand to Isabelle and Clary.“It’s a nice house.” Clary said, something like awe in her voice as she looked around, “It looks like something out of a fairy tale. This entire city does.”Alec remembered that this was Clary's first time outside of Alicante in years. He agreed with her words, but he found it difficult to appreciate the beauty and serenity of Princewater at the moment. They were a good distance from Aline’s house, far enough that he could hope there would be no chance of encountering her, but just the knowledge that Magnus and Aline were both in the same place like this was enough to keep Alec on edge. Magnus was fiddling with his Keris, the action so clearly absentminded that Alec wondered if he was even aware of it, and doubted that he was.“Have you met Ragnor before?” Alec asked, suddenly realizing that no one had thought to ask that. Magnus’ shoulders tensed.“No.” He said, not looking back at them. He dropped the hand he’d had on the Keris with a deep breath, at the same time that Lydia’s eyes darted over to where her sword was resting inside the carriage.Alec moved forward, closer to Magnus, “So how do you know he’ll help us?”Magnus’ hand was on the front gate. He pulled it open while still avoiding turning his gaze to Alec.“Magnus-” Alec said, reaching out to stop the other man from just walking up the front door of a warlock he’d never met before, which so far seemed to be the only plan Magnus had in mind, but Magnus was already out of his reach.Alec swore, turning back to the others, “Stay here.”He saw the flash of irritation on Isabelle’s face, but hurried after Magnus up the winding stone path that led the front door of the house. Magnus stalked straight ahead with a single-minded determination and paid him no attention; it was as if Alec wasn’t there at all. They reached the door at the same time, yet another warning on the tip of Alec’s tongue as Magnus reached up and knocked three times in quick succession.Alec’s heart skipped a beat.He leaned in to hiss in Magnus’ ear, “How do you know where he lives if you’ve never-”The words were cut off as the door opened.A man appeared before them, and Alec had to stifle his gasp of shock. The man was tall and lean, and there were faint lines of age creasing his face. He did not seem particularly threatening- in fact, he looked like he could’ve been one of the tutors Alec had had as a child. The only thing that stood out about him was the color of his hair, which was a very unusual and very bright shade of green.Alec’s mouth was hanging open, and he promptly slammed it shut as Ragnor’s gaze fell upon him, and then flickered down the pathway to the carriage, where Isabelle, Clary, and Lydia were waiting.“My!” Ragnor said, “To what do I owe the honor of a royal visit?”Alec bristled. The words were heavily tinged with sarcasm, and it was obvious that Ragnor did not feel as though their presence was an honor at all. He looked between Alec and Magnus expectantly, but Magnus only stared back as though he was seeing a ghost.Alec cleared his throat, searching for the right words and coming up blank. None of his lessons had ever brought up the appropriate way to greet a warlock, but it didn’t seem as though Magnus was prepared to be of any help at all.“Good day, Sir.” Alec finally said, feeling entirely out of his depth, “We’re here on a most pressing matter.”He waited for Ragnor to ask what it was, or to show interest in Alec continuing on, but none of that ever came. Sharply, Ragnor straightened up and turned fully to face Magnus, his eyes narrowing in suspicion. Alec saw the moment it clicked into place for Ragnor that Magnus was a warlock like him, though Alec had no idea how he knew.“What are you doing here?” Ragnor asked. His voice had gone cold. Alec turned helplessly to Magnus, silently pleading with him.Magnus blinked a few times as if being snapped out of a trance. His mask slipped back into place as easily as if it had never been there at all, looking nothing less than perfectly sure of himself as he stared back at Ragnor.“We need your help.” He said, “It’s of great importance.”“And why would I help you?” Ragnor asked.Alec waited. He, too, was curious about the answer, and wished on the Angel Raziel that Magnus actually had one to give.Magnus said nothing. He reached into the pocket of his coat and retrieved what seemed to be a small journal. Magnus looked down at it briefly, something Alec didn’t recognize passing over his features as quickly as it was gone again, and then jerked his hand forward.“You will help me.” Magnus said, in a voice that brokered no arguments, “Because of this.” Ragnor took the book and flipped it open. He looked down at it with mistrust, his eyes moving over the pages slowly, until-“Lillith.” He said. His eyes snapped up, his fingers curling protectively over the book, and Alec ached to know what was written in it.Ragnor watched Magnus with clear disbelief.“How do you have this?” He demanded, “Where did you get it?”“My name is Magnus Bane.” Magnus said, “Anisa was my mother. I want to know how you knew her.”Ragnor’s house was just as nice on the inside as it was on the outside, Alec thought as they settled into the parlor room. All of them were there except Lydia, who had taken the carriage and the horses to the stables where Ragnor kept his own, a few minutes away, going off of Ragnor’s directions. Alec held himself stiffly, unable to relax at all as Ragnor paced the floor in front of them. He had Magnus’ journal in his hands now -Ragnor had mentioned it containing letters- and was reading through each one with increasing fascination dawning over him.Even Isabelle and Clary were completely silent and still as they waited. Magnus was leaning against the wall closest to the room's entrance, his hands folded over his chest, the Keris glittering at his side. Alec had spent most of the day avoiding being alone with Magnus at all costs, but now he wished that they could have a moment to themselves. He was used to not being able to read Magnus’ expressions, but it had never unsettled him as much as it did now. He had no idea what Magnus was thinking, and it meant that Alec’s trust in him, as little as it had already been, was dwindling quickly.Anisa, Alec recalled. Magnus’ mother. The one who’d killed herself with the dagger that Magnus carried around as though it was as much a part of him as his limbs. Anisa had been friends with Ragnor, the warlock whose house they currently sat in. The warlock who would be helping them find Asmodeus, Magnus’ father, preferably before he regained enough strength to wipe Idris from existence.Alec’s head hurt.“I should have known.” Ragnor murmured under his breath. Alec strained to hear the words, but Ragnor’s volume picked up as he looked over at Magnus, “You look so much like her.”“I look like my father.” Magnus said.Ragnor shook his head, “You might have your father's eyes, but everything within them is your mother's.”Magnus opened his mouth, and then closed it. He looked away.“I just can’t believe it.” Ragnor continued, “I thought- I knew she had died. But I thought…”Ragnor shook his head, visibly stopping his train of thought. He set the letters down onto a glass table and sighed, “Why have you come here, Magnus?”“I do want to know about my mother.” Magnus said after a long while, “But we also need your help, and it is of great importance.”Ragnor appeared to think that over.“I never thought I would meet Anisa’s son.” He said eventually, “Your mother was a good woman. She was a dear friend of mine, and when the letter’s ceased in their arrival I suspected of her death and hired someone to look into it. Your father paid me a visit one day to deliver the news himself. He told me that you had both died in a travelling accident."Magnus bore all of this news with complete impassivity, and Alec schooled his face to show a similar lack of reaction. Magnus said nothing about how Anisa had actually died, and Alec couldn’t tell if the way his stomach twisted itself into knots was due to apprehension or to sympathy."You're here and she isn't." Ragnor said with a sad smile, "So I take it that she is dead.""She is." Magnus told him. Ragnor lowered his head briefly.“After your father visited me, I thought -and do forgive me, for I understand how terrible of a thought it was- I thought it was a blessing that you and Anisa had died." Ragnor said, "I knew the kind of man your father was, and I thought you were both better off dead than alive and with him. I should have spent more time looking for you. I would have found you. I could have hidden you-”“Yes.” Magnus cut him off, finally looking at Ragnor, “We all could have done things differently.”There was a pained look in Magnus’ eyes, so minute that Alec wondered if anyone else could see it, if anyone else was looking closely enough at Magnus to recognize that chip in his carefully constructed façade.If Ragnor noticed, he didn’t bring it up, “The point of all that is to say, not looking for you was a mistake I should have never made. For Annie, I will help you with whatever you need.”Magnus pushed himself off of the wall. “I’m happy to hear you say that.” He said slowly, “Because we need a lot.”Lydia returned to the house just as Magnus finished telling Ragnor everything they knew: Asmodeus, Edom, their theory about the Lost City being hidden away in another dimension. When he thought about it, Alec could imagine himself looking back on the past day and finding the entire thing humorous. He had not even questioned the idea of the existence of other dimensions when it was presented to him. He felt like an entirely different person from who he’d been last week. He no longer had any concept of what was real and what wasn’t.Ragnor was leaning forward with his elbows balanced on his knees, looking deep in thought. Lydia slipped into the room and walked over to Alec, and in his peripheral vision, Alec caught the way that Magnus’ eyes subtly followed her every move. If looks could kill, Alec thought, Lydia would have surely died several times by now.“Dimensional magic… isn’t easy to break through.” Ragnor said, drawing Alec and Magnus’ attention back to him, “Most can only be opened from the inside, which would explain why no one has been able to find Edom before. To break through something like that- It would require a great deal of magical energy, focus, the right combination of spells… we would need to know precisely where we were going, otherwise we risk the chance of being lost in Limbo-”“Limbo?” Isabelle asked, interrupting. She looked around their group.“The space that exists in between dimensions.” Ragnor explained patiently, “Much of what we know about dimensional travel is limited, but we know even less about Limbo; no one has ever been there and made it back out to tell the tale.”Alec shifted in his chair, trying not to sound as anxious as he suddenly felt. “But it’s possible.” He said, “If Edom is in another dimension, then we can travel there?”Ragnor hesitated, before saying reluctantly, “We wouldn’t be the first to try. We would be the first to succeed.”“Asmodeus-”“Asmodeus spent years studying and researching the location of the Lost City, from what you’ve told me.” Ragnor said. A heavy silence filled the room.“We don’t have years.” Clary said. Her face was ashen with a deep seated fear that Alec was all too familiar with. She looked over at Magnus, “If we don’t find Jace…”She didn’t finish the sentence. She didn’t need to. Clary had already lost so much; Jocelyn and Jace were all that she had.Magnus’ gaze had not left Ragnor’s. “You promised to help us.”“And I will.” Ragnor said, “I don’t want Asmodeus to have access to the Spiral Labyrinth any more than any of you do. The longer he remains there, the greater risk it is to us all. But I will need time, and I need you all to be aware of the risks we’re taking here.”“How much time?” Alec asked, dreading the answer, but knowing it was necessary to ask. Ragnor looked at him, and for a split second Alec was sure he saw something akin to pity in the man’s steady eyes. It did nothing to ease his worry.“A week at best, for a start.” Ragnor said. Isabelle looked as though she was about to be ill. It’s too long, Alec wanted to argue, we have no idea what could happen in a week. Jace could be dead-But Ragnor was unmoving. They could either wait here, and hope for the best after a week's time, or they could venture off on their own and perhaps take even longer. Both options left Alec feeling as hopeless as if he was drifting out to sea.
  
    Chapter Text
    Ragnor’s house was a lot bigger on the inside than it appeared to be from the outside. Magnus knew that it was the work of magic and many glamours invisible to the untrained eye, but he was still surprised that Ragnor chose to use magic in such a relatively public place. Aside from its close proximity to Alicante, one of the reasons Magnus had chosen to move to Brocelind Woods was due to how secluded it was, leaving him away from everyone else. There, he was free to practice magic as he wished without the risk of prying eyes looking upon him. It had been its own sort of peace, the ability to do as he pleased for so long, even though it had gotten unbearably lonely at times.There were three rooms in Ragnor’s house, two of which were used as guest rooms, though somehow Magnus didn’t get the impression that Ragnor took in a lot of guests. Lydia, Clary, and Isabelle occupied one, and Magnus and Alec had been given use of the other. Sharing a room and a bed with Alec was not a new thing for Magnus in any way, but it felt different now. Whatever had happened between them the night in Magnus’ study, it had flipped a switch that neither of them knew how to turn back. Magnus wasn’t entirely sure he wanted it to turn back. Had this, Alec leaving him alone, not been what he’d hoped for?“So many thoughts.” Ragnor mused. Magnus looked up at him, pulling himself back into awareness. They were in Ragnor’s study, a room of towering bookcases and a heavy oak table in the center of it, candles flickering all around and giving them enough light to see what they were doing. They were surrounded by books filled with ancient scripts that made Magnus wish for Catarina and her expertise in old languages, and symbols that hurt his eyes if Magnus looked at them for too long. A rustic looking warlock map was plastered to the wall, being held up by magic that shimmered around its edges.And Ragnor was looking at him in a way that unnerved Magnus.Ragnor Fell was… not what Magnus had been expecting. He’d spent years building up his idea of what the man would be like through the one sided, unsent letters his mother had written to him. He’d gathered enough from her words to know that Ragnor was someone Anisa had considered a good friend, though she’d never mentioned why or how they’d met. He’d expected Ragnor to be a bit closer to Anisa’s age, but the man looked to be a considerable amount of years older. Then again, Magnus thought, Anisa had been rather young when she’d had Magnus.“Are you thinking about your mother?” Ragnor asked curiously, though he wasn’t looking at Magnus anymore. He was flipping through the worn pages of one of his books.Magnus lied. Ragnor made a soft sound as if to say he didn’t believe Magnus at all, and Magnus looked away from him hastily.“I assume you have many questions about her.” Ragnor said in an easy, conversational tone. Magnus’ shoulders tensed, but he didn’t say anything in response.“You only need to ask them.” Ragnor continued, “I’ll tell you whatever you want to know.”I know, Magnus thought, thinking of his mother, and of those letters, and of all the burning questions she’d left for him after her death.He knew Ragnor would tell him everything, but Magnus wasn't sure he was ready for the answers.“You’re waiting for Magnus?”Alec looked up in the direction of the voice that had spoken and found Clary hovering in the entryway of the otherwise empty parlour room. Alec sat by the window looking out over the glittering lights of the city, and he supposed it was obvious what he was doing, even if he hated it being pointed out to him.The light emanating from the room that Ragnor used as a library had not gone out since he and Magnus had gone into it, even as the hours of early night crept by. It all felt too slow, waiting for one or both of them to come back out with an update on what they’d discovered. Alec had considered, a handful of times, going in there with them, but he wouldn’t be of any help even if he did, and even though it might work at appeasing his restlessness somewhat, it hardly seemed worth having to share a space with Magnus.“Where are Isabelle and Lydia?” Alec asked instead of answering Clary’s question. She didn’t call him out on it, but began wandering hesitantly closer to him, approaching him as though he was a wild animal that she didn’t quite know how to deal with.“Isabelle retired to our room.” Clary said, “I’m not sure where Lydia is.”Alec frowned. Lydia hadn’t been acting like herself for most of their trip and he was beginning to worry about her. He wondered if she’d mentioned anything at all to Isabelle, but Isabelle had also not been acting like herself lately. With a sigh, Alec looked back out of the window. He couldn’t stop himself from thinking about Aline, as much as he’d been trying to avoid doing exactly that. His last visit to Princewater had been an official one to finalize the details of their engagement, something that now seemed utterly incomprehensible to him. In a few months, he would be married. In a few years, he would be King.Alec pushed himself to his feet, mumbling something about needing some air and not waiting for a response before he began making his way through the room. Clary followed him, and Alec turned to face her as he got his coat from its place near the front door. She really is short, Alec mused as Clary approached him. She was clearly contemplating the wisdom of her decision.Alec had never had a close relationship with Clary. Even before the fire, Clary had been nothing more than an associate by proximity rather than someone Alec actually considered a friend. She'd been the girl who Isabelle loved being around because Isabelle had always secretly wanted a sister, even though she’d never admitted that out loud, and she'd been the girl that Jace had been obsessed with from the very first time he’d seen her.And then the fire had happened, and Clary hadn’t had any more proximity to Alec further than her clandestine affair with his brother and brief, awkward interactions between the two of them when they occasionally met each other at the Pandemonium Club.He couldn’t help but wonder what their relationship would have been like had it not been for Valentine Morgenstern’s actions forcing them apart for good. He would never meet that version of Clary, the person who she could have been, but he could get to know this version. The one who was currently doing the same as him- leaving everything she knew to venture off into the unknown in an attempt to save Jace’s life. The one who’d faced years of underserved persecution with nothing but a smile and somehow retained enough good inside of her that she was still willing to find a way to fix the curse plaguing the city that had turned its back on her.Alec had been part of that. Alec had turned his back on her without so much as a second thought.And yet Clary stood before him now and looked at him with neither malice nor resentment.“Walk with me?” Alec asked, offering her his arm. Clary stared at it for a beat, disbelief coloring her features. And then she slipped her hand across his elbow, resting it there tentatively. Alec smiled at her as he opened the door and they stepped out into the night. It felt like a real smile.Or, at least, it felt like something that had the potential to be real.From where she was hidden in the shadows surrounding the house, Lydia watched Clary and Alec depart down the stone pathway, through the gate, and down the witchlight-lit street. Lydia stared after them. She knew enough about their tenuous relationship to know that this was not a common occurrence, but neither of them seemed as though they were being made to withstand each other's company against their will, so Lydia did not reveal her presence to inquire about it.She crept back up along the side of the house, slipping through the door as quietly as she’d left it, and breathed a sigh of relief that she found no one inside to see her come back. Isabelle was probably asleep then, she thought. They’d all had dinner, and then the warlocks had gone to do research, and Lydia had been left alone with Clary and Isabelle, unable to stand the sight of Isabelle enjoying herself with someone else while she acted as though Lydia didn’t exist at all. Alec had been distracted, lost in his own mind and clearly unwilling to be disturbed, and so Lydia had eventually given up trying to find use of herself in the house and left.Now, she made her way through the otherwise silent hallways until she got to the room she was meant to share with Isabelle and Clary, pressing her ear against the door and listening closely for any noises on the other side. When she heard nothing, she sank further into her relief and twisted the handle.And stopped short.Isabelle was seated at the vanity, changed into a simple nightgown and brushing through her hair with small but efficient movements that stopped the moment Lydia came in. For a second, though it felt more like an eternity, they just looked at each other, Lydia’s breath caught in her throat, her hand still holding onto the handle as she contemplated leaving again. Stop it, she berated herself. You’re being dramatic.“I thought you were asleep.” She said instead. She did not let go of the door.Isabelle watched her blankly, as though she didn’t even recognize Lydia at all, and Lydia’s heart dropped.“Well,” said Isabelle, “I’m not.”Maybe Lydia should have stayed outside.Isabelle turned her attention back to the vanity and proceeded with brushing her hair, and Lydia entered the room and crossed stiffly over to the wardrobe. It had been stocked with clothing for them, courtesy of Ragnor Fell, though Lydia had no idea how or where he’d gotten them from. She didn’t think she wanted to know. Magic made her uneasy, and the thought that she was wearing something that magic had produced did not appeal to her. Gathering her clothes into her arm, she hurried back out the door and to the bathroom. It was a weird feeling, to find both solace and distress in the distance she put between herself and Isabelle, but she tempered it down as she prepared for her bath and forced herself not to think of it.The stars danced along the surface of the water, their silvery reflections standing out in the darkness. Clary hugged her coat tighter to herself as she and Alec drew to a stop; they’d walked a relatively short distance, the end of Ragnor’s street leading them to a short hill that overlooked the beach. They were alone- both the location of Ragnor’s house and the late hour meant that the street was almost entirely deserted, but still Alec found himself looking over his shoulder every few minutes. He wasn’t sure who he expected to find. Clary was looking down at the beach in clear admiration, and Alec wondered again what it must be like for her to see all of this -anything outside of Alicante- for the first time in years.He found that he didn’t actually know how to have a conversation with Clary. They were both entirely different people than they’d been when they were children, the last time that life had ever been easy for either of them. So he took a deep breath, and asked the one question that had been bothering him since he’d learnt it was one he needed to ask.“Tell me more,” He said, careful to phrase it as a suggestion, “About the plans that you and Jace had to leave Idris.”Clary looked up at him, “He really didn’t tell you anything about it?”“No.” Alec said. He tried not to let his hurt show. It made sense, he told himself, that Jace would not have told him. Alec had never been particularly supportive of his relationship with Clary. Despite this, Clary looked genuinely surprised to have this confirmed.“He wanted us to have a real chance at being together.” She said slowly, “We only talked about it a few times. I… I don’t actually know how serious he was.”“Why would you not think him serious?” Alec asked. If Clary asked for it, Jace would find a way to give her the moon. Alec had always thought that she was aware of that.“Because of you.” Clary said, as though this should have been obvious, and before Alec could express his confusion, she continued, “And Izzy, and Max. He loves all of you. You’re his family. He could never leave you all behind.”For you, he would, Alec wanted to say. And despite the fact that thinking of Jace being gone was like ripping out a part of his own soul, Alec didn’t think he could blame him for choosing to run away with Clary. What other option would he have had? Stay in Alicante, and live the rest of their lives in hiding? Alec had long since resigned himself to a similar fate, but how horrible of a person would he be to demand that of Jace, simply because he was afraid of losing him?So maybe they would get Jace back alive. And maybe he would choose not to return to Alicante with them, but to leave immediately with Clary instead. Alec had spent years disapproving of their relationship, driving up a wedge between himself and his brother in the name of following the path Robert had carved out for him. He would not do it again.“I know I’ve treated you horribly in the past.” Alec said, “But I've always appreciated you, for what you do for Jace. You make him happy. After his parents died, he was a shell of his former self. I was his best friend and even I barely recognized him.”The words were difficult for Alec to admit. They felt like an admission of his own failure, the recognition of his own guilt. Jace had been his brother even before he'd become a part of their family, and the same protectiveness and desire to defend against all hardships that Alec felt for the siblings he had by blood had always been extended to Jace. After Céline and Stephen’s death, Alec had tried everything to bring Jace back to who he'd once been. He'd slowly accepted over the years that that person would never come back.“And then you came back to him.” Alec continued, “You fixed him. It was as though he finally had a light within himself again. I won’t be the one that takes you away from him.” Not anymore.Clary blinked away at tears that had begun to gather in her eyes.“Do you think... do you think he's still alive?” She asked softly. Alec felt his heart revolt against the idea even as his brain acknowledged the possibility that their journey was a futile one. He wished that there was some way for him to know for certain, some way to reach out into the universe and assure himself that Jace was okay, but there wasn’t. There was only this endless abyss of nothing, the fragility and desperation of their own hope.Alec turned to her, and he wondered if Clary was thinking the same thing.“I think that believing he's still alive is the only thing keeping me together right now.” He said.“Why is your hair green?” Magnus asked.He’d been hoping to annoy Ragnor with the question, but the sides of Ragnor’s mouth only picked up with the hint of a smile, mostly hidden by the way his head was still bent in the dusty pages of an old book.“I lost a bet to one of my students.” He said, “Raphael thinks himself quite funny. He assured me that the color brings out my eyes.”“You’re a teacher?” Magnus asked, filing away the name Raphael. He was clearly someone that Ragnor cared for. That Ragnor was a teacher, however, wasn’t entirely surprising. He certainly looked like a teacher, and he was almost infuriatingly mild-mannered in a way that made Magnus want to purposely get under his skin.Ragnor peered up at him. “I teach children in Idris now, but before that I spent quite a lot of time teaching magic to young warlocks. Your mother was one of those students.” He said. Something nostalgic flickered over his expression, his smile turning somewhat sad, “She was one of my best, actually.”“I wasn’t aware that my mother had lived in Idris.”“She didn’t. At the time, I hadn’t been living far from where she grew up. Her village was a rather remote one and I moved around there for some years, using my magic to aid the locals where I could. They’re far more tolerant of these things than Idris is, as I’m sure you’re aware.”Magnus was aware. Magic existed everywhere, in all different forms. His home country also had legends about beings that possessed magical talents, and while the result of the Great War in Idris was that warlocks still lived rather secluded lifestyles wherever they went, there were quite a few places that did not shun nor fear them in the way that this Kingdom did.Magnus missed it, sometimes. Though he’d left for good reason.“Why did you move to Idris, then?” Magnus asked. He couldn’t imagine that any witch or warlock would choose to live here, not if they had the chance to be somewhere else.Ragnor thought about it, and then, “I’d spent many years studying and teaching magic. It was fulfilling and rewarding work, but it grew tedious after some time. I came to Princewater and began teaching here at the local school as a diversion, and I chose to come to Idris because I wished to try my hand at influencing change.”Magnus couldn’t help the incredulous laugh that the admission startled out of him.“Change?” He asked, “How noble of you. I don’t believe it’s possible. Not for Idris. Not after all this time.”Ragnor didn’t look upset to hear this. He tilted his head in curiosity, and Magnus got the feeling that he was being studied.“And what would you consider this?” He asked with sincere interest, “Your friends are royalty. One of them is a Palace Guard. The other is the daughter of Valentine Morgenstern, and you all seem awfully amicable with her.” “They are not my friends.”“No, of course not, forgive me. You’re much more than friends with Alexander, aren’t you?”Magnus stiffened. Ragnor gave him a knowing smirk, reclining back in his chair as if to start saying something else. He was stopped by the sound of a knock at the door that immediately had them both alert.Magnus glanced at him, “Are you expecting anyone?”“I don’t know if you’ve noticed, given my charming disposition, but I’m not exactly a fan of guests.” Ragnor said dryly, “Especially not those who show up at near midnight.”They went carefully through the house, Magnus looking worriedly down the hallway where he knew the others to be. He started calling his magic forward, noticing Ragnor doing the same, until they were within sight of the front door. Ragnor extended his palm towards it and the door flung itself open.Magnus dropped his hands.“Elias?” He asked, the word a breathy exhale in his shocked state. His eyes flickered to the person standing behind him, “Catarina?”“You know them?” Ragnor demanded, shooting Magnus an accusatory glare, “I didn’t expect even more of you. I was unaware of my new role as the keeper of stray warlocks. I must say, it might have been nice to receive a warning beforehand.”Magnus gave him a nasty look, but his frustration with Ragnor didn’t linger. He was delighted to see his friends, even if he was unsure of why they’d come. Before he could ask, or invite the pair of them inside, two figures appeared at the gate, peering up at the house and the new guests guardedly.Alec and Clary.Ragnor made a small sound of distress from beside him. “Well now it’s definitely a party. Should I wake up the others?”“I think that might be best, actually.” Catarina said, just as Alec and Clary came closer. She looked at Magnus, and it was only then that he noticed the harrowed look in her eyes, “Elias says that he knows how to create a portal into Edom.”By the time Lydia made it back to the bedroom, Isabelle had moved over to the bed. It had been spelled to be slightly larger than normal, and Lydia eyed it warily. She’d almost asked Ragnor why he couldn’t have just created two new ones, but the man intimated her enough as it was.Still, she now couldn’t help but wonder if this was worse. Isabelle had seen Lydia in far less than a modest nightgown, but she still felt naked under her gaze as she flitted around the room in an attempt to further delay the inevitable. The one and only other time she’d ever gotten into a bed with Isabelle hadn’t exactly ended well, and she was reluctant to repeat the actions that had led to their disastrous fallout.Lydia considered that maybe she should have left the door open.“I can leave.” She blurted out suddenly, before she had a chance to talk herself out of it. She gripped the back of the vanity chair just to give her hands something to do, and forced herself not to look away as Isabelle raised her head and regarded her warily.“Don’t be ridiculous, Lydia.”“I’m not.” Lydia said, “Clary isn’t here. Maybe it’s better if we’re not left alone...”Isabelle stared, “Do you even hear yourself right now?”Lydia closed her eyes, “Isabelle.”Isabelle sat up. The strap of her gown slipped back with the movement, the slightest hint of skin underneath sending pained want through Lydia's body. She'd mapped every inch of Isabelle with her mouth once, committed every part of her to memory, and she'd spent every moment since then wondering what it would be like to do it again.“I’m tired of you running away from me.” Isabelle said, “I’m tired of feeling like I’ve done something so horribly unforgivable by trying to love you.”Dark eyes looked at Lydia with the sort of intensity that could bring grown men to their knees. Lydia didn't know what to do with the swell of emotion that rose up inside of her whenever she was with Isabelle. She’d thought that she was doing the right thing by turning her away, by avoiding her, by refusing to give in to the things that they both wanted. It would hurt less, she’d told herself, if Lydia was the one to walk away. If Isabelle didn’t have to make that choice.Lydia couldn’t escape the demons of her past and all the baggage it had left her with, but she’d never wanted to make it a problem that Isabelle had to deal with too.And somehow she’d still failed.Isabelle sighed. “Just… come to bed.” She said, “We don’t have to talk, or even look at each other. We can just lay here in silence and both of us can be miserable until Clary comes back.”After a moment's hesitation, Lydia went. She climbed into the bed as gingerly as she could manage, but Isabelle still turned and pinned her with a look, watching Lydia fit herself in under the blankets with a quirk of her lips.“If you move even a bit to the side, you’ll fall off.” She remarked, and there was a hint of humor in her voice, though none of it reached her eyes. Lydia froze, and the smile quickly dropped from Isabelle’s face.“I said I wouldn’t talk.” She said, “I’m sorry-”“No.” Lydia cut her off, “I don’t mind hearing you talk.”Isabelle settled back into the bed, her hands resting lightly atop the blankets, plucking at them the way she usually did as she huffed out a breath and said softly, “I don’t know what you want me to say.”“Anything.” Lydia said. Isabelle could damn her to hell and Lydia would thank the Angels for the pleasure of hearing her voice one last time before she fell.Isabelle turned.“I love you.” She said. She had never said the words so plainly, and as she said them now there was only certainty and sadness mixing together, the voice of someone who had so clearly thought those words a million times before, waiting for the right moment to put them out into the universe, and knew now that that moment would probably never come.She didn’t know how to explain it in a way Isabelle would understand: That Lydia needed Isabelle in her life the way she needed air to breathe. That she never wanted to be apart from her, even though she had to be, and that the past few weeks had felt like torture even as she’d inflicted it upon herself. Isabelle was the one thing Lydia wanted so fiercely it felt as though her entire existence revolved around her, and she couldn’t have her. She couldn’t. But she didn’t know how to say any of that. She didn’t know how to explain that she returned her love, but that the only other time she’d loved like this had been when she’d loved John, and that John had died and left her so broken it had taken years to even start piecing herself back together, and that she couldn’t go through that again, and that maybe not being with Isabelle in the way she wanted to be was torture, but she could still see her, and hear her, and love her from afar. It was better that way, for both of them. Isabelle watched her through the darkness, and Lydia watched back.And then they were moving, their feet tangling in the blankets as they closed the short distance that had separated them just a second ago, and they were kissing. Lydia only registered that they were kissing by the way heat immediately flared to life inside of her. It was as it had been that first time, as though after years of blindly stumbling through life she finally had a reason to truly live, something that actually made her feel in a way she’d long since closed herself off to. It was all-consuming, heart-wrenching, burning her up from the inside. Lydia held Isabelle close to her and traced the line of her lips with hers, their tongues curving together, their hands moving over each other until Lydia no longer felt silk beneath her fingers but the softness of Isabelle’s skin.She’d dreamt of this for so long, and none of those dreams had ever compared. It was too good to be true. All of it was.Uncertainty began to cloud her mind like the murky water from the sewage draining out into the crystal blue of the ocean, filling her until that was all that was left. Lydia broke away with a gasp that felt as though it had been torn straight from her chest. Isabelle stared up at her with wide eyes, the flushed color of her cheeks a faint red that made Lydia want to kiss her all over again, but she couldn’t shake the voices in her head giving her a million reasons not to do that.Lydia bowed her head with a ragged breath, “Isab-”“Don’t say it.” Isabelle pleaded, the sound of her words cutting into Lydia’s heart like shards of glass. There were fingers in her hair, curling around the strands, tugging gently until Lydia reluctantly gave in. And suddenly they were looking at each other again, and Lydia could not think of a more cruel fate than this.The door opened with a bang. Lydia threw herself off of Isabelle, both of their hands grappling at the blankets and yanking it up over their bodies. They weren’t entirely undressed, not yet, but their clothes were still unkempt enough that it was obvious what they’d been doing to anyone that looked.And Alec stood in the doorway, gaping at them as though he couldn’t quite process what he was seeing.“Alec!” Isabelle demanded, “What are you doing?”Lydia desperately wanted the ground to open up and swallow her whole, but she couldn’t bring herself to look away from Alec.Alec blinked, and then his expression shifted. Lydia recognized that expression immediately. Something had happened.“We may have found a way to get to Edom.” Alec said, making Lydia’s heart pound against her chest for an entirely different reason. Alec opened his mouth again as if to say something else, then seemed to thought better of it, simply shaking his head before he turned and shut the door with a militaristic proficiency.Lydia stared after him despairingly. What had she done?“Lydia-” Isabelle began, but Lydia couldn’t hear her. She slipped out of the bed and crossed over to the wardrobe.“We should go.” She said, avoiding looking back. She yanked open the drawer with enough force that it almost flew straight out of its place.Elias sank back into the cushions of the chair he was seated on. His short black hair stuck up madly, giving off the impression that he’d haphazardly ran his fingers through it on more than a few occasions, though his hands were both clamped tightly in his lap and had been since he’d gotten here. He looked different, somehow, from the way Alec remembered him, though he couldn’t quite figure out what that difference was.Perhaps that was just what dying and being brought back alive did to a person.Magnus was kneeling beside Elias. Everyone else, like Alec, surrounded the room and looked on with equally worried expressions. Only Alec, Magnus and Catarina knew the truth of what had happened to Elias, but Alec wondered if the rest of them could sense that something was off about the situation as well.There was the sound of footsteps making their way down the hall, and Alec looked up to see Lydia and Isabelle coming into the room. Isabelle glared straight at him, but tempered down once she noticed the new faces that had arrived and the solemn atmosphere that had come with them. Lydia avoided looking at Alec entirely.“Did he say anything else?” Alec whispered to Catarina, who was standing beside him. Catarina looked startled, like she’d forgotten Alec was there at all or like the last thing she’d expected was for him to talk to her.“No.” She said, shaking her head, “Only that he remembered something about Edom, and needed to get to Magnus.”Alec returned his gaze to Magnus. Magnus’ mouth was moving, but whatever he was saying was too soft for Alec to hear the words. Magnus’ brow was creased with worry of his own, looking at Elias as though he didn’t quite know how to get through to him.After a while, Ragnor stepped forward, “He’s clearly traumatized. Perhaps a spell could ease his mind enough for-”“No.” Elias said instantly. Panicked eyes looked up at Ragnor. “No spells. No magic.”He said magic with the sort of vehemence that immediately gave Alec a whole set of new questions.“No magic, then.” Magnus promised, “But Elias, whatever you know-”“I can’t say it.” Elias said. His lips were trembling. “I can’t- he’ll know that I told you. He’ll-”Magnus reached out to grip Elias’ hand between his own, “He won’t. I promise that no more harm will come to you.”Elias tore his hands away with a sharp, ragged breath. He looked around the room, and then down at Magnus, his shoulders dropping as a look of abject misery came over him.“You can’t protect me.” He said, his voice shaking, “You promised that before, and you didn't.”Magnus blanched.He moved closer to the chair, the hand that had been holding Elias’ twitching slightly even though he did not try to reach for him again, “Elias-”“Stop it!” Elias yelled. He brought his feet up on the chair, hugging his knees close to his chest and burying his face between them. He was shaking violently, enough that even Alec wanted to go over to him. He couldn’t help but be reminded of Max in that moment, who had dark hair like Elias and who was as small as Elias was.Alec clung to where he was, though, forcing himself to stay still.Elias rocked back and forth in his spot, “Tell the other’s to go away. There are too many people in the room. Tell them to go away, Magnus.”Magnus looked up at them, his mouth opening, but no sound came out. He froze where he was, and for a second Alec thought that Magnus was looking at him, but no.His eyes were beyond Alec, and Alec and Catarina both realized it at the same time. They spun around, and Alec immediately saw what he’d been looking at. Ragnor’s witchlight chandelier was swinging itself on its hinges, moving faster and faster as they stared at it.Alec turned back to Magnus, who had scrambled to his feet and was now reaching out for Elias again. Alec started to call out to him, to warn him, to suggest that maybe that was a bad idea, but before any words could get out, Magnus had already done it.Elias reacted. His magic tore from his body in waves. Where Magnus’ magic was blue and Catarina’s was a sort of burnt-orange, Elias’ was an amalgamation of different colors, shooting out of his hands like a spectacular display of light. Alec felt hands on his arm, yanking him out of the way just as something soared past his head. It hit the wall behind him with a thud, and he looked down to find one of Ragnor’s books on the floor. Other things were moving as well, rattling in their places like the chandelier, magic darting out every which way.“Elias--” Magnus said urgently. His hands were raised, covering his face, shielding himself from Elias’ magic, though Alec might have pointed out that it didn’t seem to make an effective shield. Everyone else was crouched behind something, hiding away as various objects went flying around the room as if being swept up in a storm."Elias!” Magnus tried again, his voice sharper now. Elias didn’t seem to hear him. The boy was rocking himself with increasingly aggressive shudders, his hair and his clothes blowing up wildly around him. Catarina stepped forward from where she'd been beside Alec, and somehow Elias seemed to become aware of that. His head snapped up and pinned Catarina to her spot, and Alec only had enough time to yell out a warning to her before Catarina dropped to her knees, her face twisting in agony with a scream of her own.Magnus started towards her, and turned back to Elias, “Elias! What are you-”A mask of horror slipped over Elias’ face, “I don’t-”He looked down at his own hands. His magic had not stopped moving. Alec crawled over to Catarina, who’d ended up on her back and sprawled across the floor. Her eyes rolled back into her head as she jerked around on the floor, a thin trail of blood coming out the side of her mouth.“Ragnor. Ragnor!” Alec yelled, holding onto her, “Ra-”          Ragnor was next to him, muttering words in an unfamiliar language under his breath. He took Catarina out of Alec’s arms. Ripples of green shot out from his fingertips and towards the other warlock as Alec spun back around, fear shooting through his entire body.He saw Lydia, on the other side of the room, Isabelle and Clary next to her, all three of them looking on with masks of total terror plastered over their faces. Lydia’s eyes met Alec, and then she was darting forward. She threw herself into the chaos of colorful magical spirals, ran through it with lightning speed, and disappeared down the hallway.Alec pulled himself to his feet, clutching onto the wall for balance as wind roared around them. The glass of two of the windows shattered, spilling onto the floor in hundreds of little shards.“Magnus!” Ragnor called out from where he was still attending to Catarina, “Magnus- whatever this is, end it now!”Magnus looked as though he didn’t quite believe what was happening, “Elias, please-”“He won’t listen!” Alec said desperately, his voice rising, “Magnus- he isn’t-”“Be quiet!” Elias screamed. He jumped to his feet, his hands flying out and towards Alec. Alec had just enough time to see Magnus make a run for Elias before the shadow of a cabinet falling over him appeared. Reflexively, barely thinking through his panic, he put his hands up over himself and braced for impact.Nothing happened. He risked a look.The cabinet was hovering above him where it should have fallen. Wisps of familiar blue surrounded it, and he turned just enough to see Magnus watching him from across the room. He had one hand extended out towards Alec and keeping the cabinet from falling, and the other held tightly onto one of Elias’.And then Lydia reappeared, her sword glittering in her hand, and Elias turned to her.“I told you!” He cried, twisting himself free of Magnus’ grasp, “I told you, you can’t protect me! You’ll kill me! They all will!”“No one is going to kill you.” Magnus said. His voice was shockingly calm even as his eyes burnt a brighter, more furious shade of gold. Alec rolled out of the way of the cabinet just as Elias shoved Magnus away. The cabinet went down, spilling its contents onto the floor at Alec’s feet.Alec saw Elias’ rage-and-pain-filled eyes focus in on Lydia. He raised his hand-“No!” Alec yelled, running towards her just in time to catch her as she let out a deafening scream, her body convulsing in his arms. The sword clattered to the ground.  Elias extended his other arm towards Magnus and Magnus went flying, his back hitting the wall. He got himself back on his feet immediately, but Elias still had an advantage and was clearly using all of it for Magnus, throwing his magic at him with all the force he could muster.And Magnus wasn’t fighting back.He threw his hands up and blocked everything Elias sent his way, but he sent nothing back. He didn’t fight him off even as Elias grew more enraged, his spells gaining more strength, enough to send Magnus stumbling a few times.“Magnus-” Alec was cut off by Clary and Isabelle appearing at his side. His sister looked down at Lydia, her face as white as the first snow. Lydia was no longer screaming, but her breathing was so harsh it felt as though it was being ripped out of her, her body twisting underneath them so much it became difficult to keep their hold on her.And Ragnor was still occupied with Catarina.Alec looked back at Magnus and Elias. His eyes fell to the sword, and something went through him, so forceful it was as though he’d never felt it before. Anger? Fear? Doubt? He didn’t linger to think about it.“Hold her.” Alec said to Isabelle, but Isabelle didn’t react as though she’d heard him at all. Her hands curved around Lydia’s body where Alec released her, and Alec grabbed the sword up in his hands.Magnus’ eyes met his, one hand up to block Alec even as another defended himself from Elias' blows, “Alexander-!”But Alec was already across the room. He tightened his hold on the sword's hilt and drove it down, piercing Elias straight through his back just as Magnus’ magic flew out and knocked Alec off his feet.Everything was moving slowly.Alec groaned, twisting onto his side, only to have someone grab onto him before he’d gotten the chance to.“Wha-”“Are you okay?” A voice asked. Alec blinked his eyes open and found Clary looking down at him, eyes wide and panicked.“I- Lydia-”  He gasped out, the memory of Lydia crumbling like a piece of paper flooding into his mind as it cleared itself from the grogginess that had taken him over. He turned, and found Lydia where he’d left her, though now she was encased in green magic as Ragnor’s hands swiftly moved over her, still mumbling spells under his breath. Isabelle looked over at Alec, her face red and tear-stained, before she turned her attention back to Lydia.With Clary’s help, Alec pushed himself up so he could sit down instead. He found Magnus immediately, ignoring the way his head had started spinning with the movement. Magnus was crouched over Elias, his hands pressed over the boy’s chest as blue sparks crackled between his fingers. His fingers were stained red.Alec immediately felt sick as he turned ever so slightly, afraid to find what he knew he would. The sword lay next to Elias’ body, coated in blood. A ringing sound built up in his ears. He felt numb all over. The boy lay motionless, his eyes closed, his mouth parted into a small O.Alec crawled over to them, ignoring Clary calling out to him. He touched the tip of the sword with trembling fingers, his brain struggling to process what had clearly happened. Shock clouded all of his senses, dulling out everything else.“What did you do?” Magnus demanded, not looking up at Alec. All of his attention was on the boy laying between them. There was a sort of manic glint in Magnus’ eyes as his hands moved. Alec staggered back, stunned and overwhelmed, too hot and too cold, all at the same time.“Magnus.” He said. Magnus didn’t budge. Neither did Elias.Alec’s throat felt tight, and it took a few tries to get it to work well enough to form words, “Magnus, I-”Magnus’ hands fell away, and he threw himself back as though he’d been shoved by some greater, invisible force. He stared at Elias in disbelieving horror, and then his gaze turned up, slowly, chillingly, to Alec.Alec had spent all this time determined not to be afraid of Magnus, and that all went out of the window right then. He wasn’t just afraid.He was truly terrified.Where everything had been moving incredibly slowly just a few seconds before, suddenly everything was happening way too fast.Magnus lunged forward, and Alec had just enough time to drag his body to his feet before Magnus was on him.“He was dangerous!” Alec tried to reason with him, though Magnus seemed far beyond reason. He knocked Alec’s feet out from underneath him, and Alec went with his instincts and rolled, somehow ending up with Magnus on his back underneath him, blinking up at him with fury that seemed to have only heightened now.“Magnus,” Alec pleaded, “I had no choice!”Magnus’ hand twisted, and Alec saw the glittering gold of the Keris appear in it. Another panicked attempt at de-escalating the situation was on the tip of his tongue, just as Magnus shoved the blade forward.It never reached Alec. The Keris flew out of Magnus’ hand and soared across the room, landing all the way on the other side with an audible clatter that sounded even louder in the sudden silence that had descended upon them. Alec turned. Ragnor Fell stood behind them, his gaze thunderous.“Enough.” He said with deathly calm, “Stop it. Both of you.”Alec looked back down at Magnus, but Magnus was not looking at him. His head was turned to the side, facing Elias. Elias, who had died, and had come back to life, and had died yet again. Elias, who Alec had killed.The room was destroyed, evidence of what had just happened strewn everywhere. Lydia and Catarina were sitting up on the couches, hands wrapped tightly around themselves, their eyes drooping slightly even as they watched Alec and Magnus. Clary and Isabelle stood near them. A painful shudder ran through Alec as he got to his feet and held a hand out for Magnus to take. Magnus stared at it blindly, as though he wasn’t seeing it at all, for a long enough moment that Alec finally dropped it.The Keris lay in the corner of the room, out of Magnus’ sight and reach. For the first time since Alec first met him, Magnus didn’t seem to even be aware of it. He did not move towards it.No one moved at all for a long time.
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Magnus thought, for a long minute, that he was actually dreaming. He could conceive of no other explanation for what had just happened. 

  The room was deathly quiet, everyone frozen to their spots and looking straight at him- and worst of all was 
  
    Alec,
  
   standing above him with his hand outstretched and a pleading, desperate look on his face. 

  Alec’s regret was written plainly in his expression. And Magnus’ eyes fell down to the ground, to the blood-stained sword still lying next to Elias’ body…

  He pushed himself to his feet and with an almost absentminded gesture, summoned his fallen 
  
    Keris 
  
  to his hand. He remembered the way he’d thrust it at Alec’s chest, blinded by his rage and his desire to just
  
     do
  
   something about it.

  That rage was still there, lingering just below the surface of his skin, made worse the longer he stayed in that room with Alec’s gaze pressing into him. 

  “I’m going for a walk.” He said.

  His voice was shaky, his vision blurring around the edges as he stumbled towards the front door. He felt someone’s hand grab onto his arm and had just enough of a visceral reaction to the familiarity of it that he knew, even before he spun around, that it belonged to Alec.

  “Alexander-” Ragnor said warningly, stepping forward just as Alec yanked his hand back. Magnus couldn’t bring himself to say anything. Every thought he had was clouded by his shock, by his 
  
    pain.
  
   He forced himself not to look back in Elias’ direction- he 
  
    couldn’t.
  
   He had to get out of here. He had to be away from this.

  “Magnus…” Alec whispered, paying no attention to Ragnor even as the older warlock moved closer to him. Alec’s eyes were wide, 
  
    “Please.”
  

  Magnus shook his head. The back of his eyes stung, his throat closing up as he tried to form words around it. He couldn’t do this. 

  He turned and ran out of the door, letting the cold air wash over him as he stepped out into the dark.


  “It’s late.” Ragnor said. 

  Alec didn’t startle, even though his back was turned to the direction the voice had come from. He pressed himself closer to the window and stared outside, his arms wrapped tightly around himself for fear that he would break apart if he released his grip even a little bit. 

  Ragnor’s footsteps were soft as he padded across the floor, “Alexander. It wasn’t your fault.”

  “I killed him.” Alec said numbly, “How could it not be my fault?”

  It was still dark outside, and everyone else in the house had retired to their rooms. Magnus had not come back and Alec couldn’t bring himself to go to sleep without knowing where he was. He’d only barely managed to hold himself back from going after him, and the only reason he’d succeeded was due to Ragnor’s threats of forcibly keeping him there with magic if he dared to try. 

  Lydia and Catarina were currently under a magically induced sleep while they recovered from the curses that Elias had used on them. Ragnor had rattled off words to Alec in explanation when he’d caught Alec looking at them worriedly, but they’d all sounded too grotesque and horrible to Alec’s already traumatized mind. He’d held up a hand and begged Ragnor to stop, and Ragnor had given him a sympathetic smile before assuring him that despite their injuries, both women would survive.

  “Elias’ magic spiraled out of his control.” Ragnor said with an admirable amount of calm. Alec envied him. “Warlock magic is dangerous when it gets like that. From what Catarina told me, he had no formal training and he had spent years suppressing his abilities. Last night would have been much worse if you hadn’t stopped him.” 

  Alec knew that. He 
  
    knew
  
   Ragnor was right. He’d seen it himself. Elias had had Magnus pinned, he’d already attacked two people and would have been likely to hurt the rest of them. Alec had acted on instinct by doing what he’d done, and he’d regretted it the second the sword had pierced Elias’ back.

  He shut his eyes. 

  “Go get some sleep.” Ragnor said, placing a hand on his shoulder, “Magnus needs space, and so do you. There’s no need to torture yourself like this.”

  Alec disagreed. He could think of a lot of reasons to do much worse to himself. Begrudgingly, he made his way towards the bedroom and tried not to think too much about what Magnus would be like the next time they faced each other.


  Miraculously, Alec did fall asleep eventually. 

  Despite the fact that he had not slept for more than a couple of hours in what was now going on two days, enough adrenaline was flowing through his veins that he woke in time to see the sun come up the next morning. 

  He felt the warmth of sunlight hitting his skin and closed his eyes against it as it slowly got too bright. He wasn’t ready to get up and face whatever awaited him outside, and he stayed under the covers until his restlessness grew too much and he resigned himself to his fate.

  The ground was cold under his bare feet as he swung his legs over the side of the bed, and it got colder as the events of the previous night replayed itself in his mind.

  He had killed someone.

  
    He had killed someone.
  

  He remembered what Ragnor had said, and his guilt mingled with his relief that he’d done it before Elias could’ve caused more harm. It only made him feel worse. Just a few days ago he’d not been able to find the courage to ask Magnus how many people 
  
    he
  
   had killed, and now Alec had blood on his hands as well. 

  A knock at the door pulled him out of his nightmare. The person on the other side didn’t wait for him to reply, but pushed open the door and stuck her head in immediately after.

  “Izzy.” He sighed.

  Isabelle looked at him like she knew exactly what he’d been thinking. She came into the room and sat down beside him on the bed, her arms coming up to wrap around him. Alec didn’t allow himself to relax into her hug.

  Eventually, Isabelle let him go, though she didn’t move away. “Do you want to talk about it?”

  Alec shot her a look, “Do 
  
    you
  
   want to talk about Lydia?”

  Something flashed in Isabelle’s eyes, but he couldn’t quite place it. She glanced down at the floor with a deep breath.

  “No.” She said, “No, I don’t.”

  Isabelle leaned in, resting her head on his shoulder.

  “Let’s go to Aline’s.” She said.

  And maybe it was a testament to how truly mentally exhausted he was, how much being in this house or anywhere near Magnus was beginning to feel like someone was stabbing him through the heart, repeatedly, that Alec didn't hesitate at all before saying, “Okay.”


  Isabelle looked up as Clary entered the room, but she didn’t pull her hand away from where she was holding onto Lydia’s.

  “How is she?” Clary asked softly, though there was no need for them to speak quietly. Ragnor had said that nothing would wake Lydia and Catarina so long as his magic kept them under for however long it took them both to heal. Isabelle had been sitting here for so long that she knew it was true, even though her mind was still twisting itself around the past few hours, her first real experience with what magic could do, without having fully grasped any of it. 

  Lydia had 
  
    warned
  
   her that magic was dangerous, and Isabelle hadn’t believed her. And now Lydia had almost died trying to save them from it.

  “She’s good.” Isabelle said. She traced the rough skin of Lydia’s hands -hands she’d always admired for how proudly Lydia wore the scars of her work in the Guard- and wondered, not for the first time, how many of those scars told stories of who Lydia had been 
  
    before.
  

  “Alec says that you’re going to the Penhallow Estate today?”

  
    “‘Alec says?’”
  
   Isabelle repeated, raising a brow as she turned to Clary, “Since when do you and Alec talk 
  
    voluntarily?”
  

  “Since when have you and Lydia been together?” Clary shot back, though she was smiling as she said it. She shook her head as she leaned against the door-frame, “I wanted to ask you. I always knew there was something more between the two of you from the way you looked at each other.”

  Isabelle tried to smile back and failed. She glanced away, looking back down at where her and Lydia’s hands were joined.

  “And what way is that?” She asked, struggling to keep her voice steady.

  Clary paused, thinking about it, and then said, “Like there is absolutely nothing you want more in the world, and you know you can never have it.”


  The Penhallow's estate consisted of a massive, looming structure of white stone and towering columns that greatly resembled a small castle. The main building was an old one and had been looked after by generations of the Penhallow family, though Aline and her parent’s were the only ones who occupied it now.

  It was surrounded by a high fence tipped with sharp points, the front entrance guarded by a gate bearing the family’s crest. They were granted entrance easily, and Alec and Isabelle handed over their horses to one of the stable keepers before walking along the gravel road of the courtyard, flanked by tall trees on either side. The sun hung high and bright in the mid-morning sky, and though they had initially planned to keep a low profile they had been almost immediately recognized by anyone who saw them on their way here. 

  The front doors were opened to reveal the housekeeper, Katerina, a short woman with coiled brown hair dressed neatly in a plain dress. She didn’t look surprised to see Alec and Isabelle as they approached, standing at the top of the stairs as she awaited them.

  “We were told of your presence in Princewater.” She said, “The Penhallow’s will see you in the waiting room.”

  They were directed through the familiar hallways and into the empty room. Katerina dismissed herself and told them to wait, and Isabelle sighed as she made her way over to one of the couches. Alec started to make a joke about what Lydia’s reaction would be when she found out they’d left the house without her knowledge, but then thought better of it.

  He looked at his sister curiously. He’d never realized the reality of her relationship with Lydia, had never stopped long enough to even consider it, and he couldn’t help but think of how painfully oblivious he’d been to miss it.

  “How long have the two of you been together?” Alec asked. A faint blush rose on Isabelle’s cheeks, and Alec leaned forward intently. It took a great deal to make Isabelle blush. 

  “Only a few months.” Isabelle replied, not looking at him, “And we aren’t together. I’m not sure we ever really were.”

  “I’m sorry.” Alec said, because Isabelle’s sorrowful tone told him that that was the right thing to say. He wanted to pry deeper, to erase some of the tension in Isabelle’s shoulders even if he couldn’t do anything about his own, but the doors to the waiting room were opened right at that moment and cut him off before he could say anything else.

  Alec’s heart gave its usual stutter at the sight of his fiancée, though his reaction wasn’t due to any of the reasons he knew it should be. Aline was flanked on either side by Jia and Patrick, Katerina closing the door behind them, and her smile widened as she entered the room.

  Aline was beautiful, and in another life Alec wondered if he could’ve ever loved her the way he was meant to. She was extremely pretty with her deep brown eyes and black hair that was currently pinned back, but that Alec knew fell just below her shoulders when let down. She wore a simple but elegant blue dress with a fitted bodice that should’ve drawn his attention, but instead only left him feeling empty inside. His usual feelings of guilt and regret that he’d ever agreed to this marriage and doomed them both to a life of unhappiness were amplified now, drawn up right next to everything he felt towards Magnus. 

  He felt Isabelle’s eyes on him, but did not look her way as he took Aline’s hand in his and kissed the back of it, “Ms. Penhallow.”

  Aline raised a brow and teased back with a small curtsy, “Your Highness.” 

  Behind her, Jia’s expression was worried, “We tried to send a letter to the palace yesterday in hopes of hearing good news -we haven’t received any official reports from Alicante since the Fog settled in- and they told us that it’s too dangerous for anyone to enter or try to leave.”

  Alec heard the question in her voice, but he glanced at Isabelle to see if she’d also caught on to what he had. 
  
    Since the Fog
  
   meant that Aline and her parents most likely did not know about Maryse’s passing, or about Jace’s disappearance. Surely, one of them would’ve brought it up already?

  “Has the Fog cleared up then?” Patrick asked, “How did the two of you leave?”

  “Something else has happened, hasn’t it?” Aline asked knowingly, her words quiet as if only intended for Alec to hear, “Is that why Jace isn’t with you?”

  “No.” Alec said, surprising himself with the unintended sharpness of it. Isabelle watched him. She would follow his lead, Alec knew, and neither of them wanted to talk about their mother or about Jace, or about 
  
    Alicante. 
  
  And they definitely couldn’t talk about the reasons why they were 
  
    actually
  
   in Princewater.

  He’d agreed to come here to put distance between himself and Magnus. Ragnor’s house had been almost suffocating with the reminders of what had happened the previous night, and Alec hadn’t been able to sit around thinking about it even though Magnus had yet to return by the time he and Isabelle had left.

  Jia, Patrick, and Aline all looked at him expectantly, and Alec once again felt bombarded with too many emotions he didn’t want to have.

  So he acted on instinct, again, trusting himself to lead him where he needed to go. 

  “I wanted to see you.” Alec said, suddenly filled with resolve as he turned to Aline. She blinked in surprise but said nothing. Alec couldn’t figure out 
  
    why, 
  
  exactly, but something clicked into place that he couldn’t ignore or turn away from. 

  Patrick frowned, and Alec hurried to fabricate an explanation, “I received special permission from my father. I needed to speak with Aline privately and waiting for the Fog to clear would have taken too long.”

  
    “Alec.”
  
   Isabelle whispered to him in a cautionary voice. Patrick’s eyes narrowed.

  “Is this about the engagement?” Patrick demanded, but was stopped by Aline placing a hand on his arm. She didn’t look away from Alec and Alec saw that she undoubtedly knew exactly what this was about even without him having to say the words. His guilt came back almost immediately, but Aline kept whatever she felt about it tightly locked away. 

  At least for now.

  She smiled up at Alec, “Well since you came all this way, I can only oblige. Walk with me?”


  “Where are Alexander and Isabelle?” Magnus asked as he entered Ragnor’s library. The man looked up from where he was seated behind his desk, closing in the book he’d been reading with a sigh.

  “They left to visit a friend.” He said, and the answer sent an unpleasant jolt through Magnus as he remembered the way Alec had reacted to finding out they would be coming to Princewater. Perhaps Ragnor saw the expression on Magnus’ face, because he sat back in his seat and said with a pointed look, “I got the impression they were trying to leave before 
  
    you 
  
  showed up.”

  Magnus felt his jealousy wash over him before he had the chance to reel it in. He hadn’t wanted to put a name to it before, not wanting to admit to himself that Alexander was someone who could 
  
    make
  
   him jealous, but there was nothing else that this could be. It twisted itself around the rage and the agony he’d felt last night that had not yet subsided, as he’d held Elias’ dead body and known that Alec was the cause of it.

  “Forgive me asking,” Ragnor finally said, when it became clear to him that Magnus had no intention of saying anything else, “But your relationship with the Prince… it is more than a simple alliance against your father, is it not?”

  “There’s nothing simple about going against my father.” Magnus said.

  Ragnor gave him a crooked smile, “You’re good at changing the subject. Your mother was good at it too.”

  Grinding his teeth together, Magnus crossed the room and sat down in one of the available chairs, “I don’t really want to talk about my mother.”

  “You don’t want to talk about your mother, you don’t want to talk about Alexander, you don’t want to talk about Elias-”

  “You haven’t tried getting me to talk about Elias yet.”

  “I didn’t have a chance to. You all but ran from the house last night.”

  Magnus looked away from him.

  “I went down to the beach.” He said tonelessly, “It was deserted. I tried to summon my father.”

  “And did it work?”

  “I wouldn’t be back here if it had.”

  Magnus hadn't really expected anything different. He had tried summoning his father before, the night before they’d left for Princewater, and he’d been just as unsuccessful.

   If Elias had been telling the truth and Asmodeus really was hiding out in Edom, then he would be protected by enchantments that Magnus had no hope of getting through alone. Edom was hidden beneath layers of some of the strongest magic to ever exist. 

  Ragnor made a small noise that had Magnus returning his gaze to him. The man was staring right back, with the same contemplative look he’d had the night before that gave Magnus the feeling that Ragnor was studying him. It was the same way that Clary looked at him sometimes, but Ragnor was the only one who appeared to be having any success. Magnus was slightly unnerved by it, and he didn’t like it.

  “Sometimes,” Ragnor said carefully, “Talking about things is the only way we can fully understand them.”

  Something in Magnus snapped. He flew up from his chair, suddenly restless, “Is that why my mother talked to you? What was 
  
    she
  
   trying to understand?”

  “Lots of things.” Answered Ragnor calmly, “Everything.”

  Magnus deflated. Not having slept in so long was starting to catch up with him, but his tiredness went deeper than just needing sleep.

  “Elias was like a little brother to me.” He said quietly.

  Ragnor gave him a sympathetic but firm look, "Alec did what was necessary. Elias would have very likely killed you, if we'd left him like that."

  "I'm not mad at Alec." Magnus said, tightening his grip on the Keris, "I'm mad at myself."

  He was the one who had failed to protect Elias. He knew the risks of a warlock whose magic went untrained for so long, and Elias' emotions had naturally been all over the place after having spent so many years under Asmodeus' control. Of course he had lashed out. 

  “Elias lived with my father and I at our house back home." Magnus said, and he didn’t know why he was saying it. Perhaps it was the fact that he didn’t actually know Ragnor that made it easier to say this to him. "He came to us when he was twelve, and my father told me that his parents were dead and that he had nowhere else to go.” 

  “I take it that it was a lie?” Ragnor asked knowingly.

  Magnus sank back down into the chair, feeling hollowed out, and he started talking. He didn’t stop talking until he’d revealed everything that Elias had told him, unloading all of his guilt and his anguish over the situation onto Ragnor, who sat silently and listened to him without interrupting. By the time Magnus was done, he felt as though he’d scraped his own throat raw with the jagged edges of a broken glass. His fingers flexed, and he realized that at some point during his story he’d ended up holding onto the 
  
    Keris.
  
   He remembered last night, how dangerously close he’d been to doing something he would have ended up regretting, and wondered if that was the reason Alec had left.

  “I just don’t understand,” He said softly, “Why my father couldn’t have used me instead.”

  Ragnor said nothing for a long while, and Magnus began to think that he wasn’t actually going to say anything at all. The words were true- they’d been on Magnus’ mind since Elias had first opened up to him, and it was perhaps the part of this that hurt the most.

  Magnus had been right there. He’d lived in that house with them all those years. Why Elias? Why had Asmodeus dragged an innocent child into this?

  “He couldn’t have used you.” Ragnor said suddenly. It startled Magnus, who’d lost himself for a moment inside of his own thoughts.

  Ragnor glanced down, his eyes falling to the 
  
    Keris
  
  . Magnus’ hand closed around the dagger protectively. He didn’t think Ragnor would try to take it away from him, but his instincts overrode his rational thought process, especially right now with his emotions so jumbled.  

  “This belonged to my mother." Magnus said, and Ragnor nodded. There was an almost wistful gleam in his eyes. Magnus remembered that he had never actually told Ragnor the truth of how his mother had died, and he wondered if he should do so now. Before he could come to an answer, however, Ragnor continued, “You asked why your father couldn’t have used you, and that’s the answer. Your 
  
    Keris 
  
  is far more than just a dagger. It holds power beyond what I think you’re aware of.”

  And- maybe Magnus should have been surprised. Maybe he should have, at the very least, been doubtful. But Ragnor said the words with an absolute certainty, looking at the 
  
    Keris
  
   the way Magnus had seen his mother look at it so many times before. He’d spent all of these years refusing to think too deeply about the dagger that accompanied him wherever he went. His 
  
    Keris
  
   brought him comfort and security when he needed it most, but it also brought him the pain of never forgetting that his mother had killed herself with it, and that she’d killed herself because of 
  
    him.
  

  But before that, before her death, the 
  
    Keris
  
   had been her most beloved possession. Magnus had never asked about it, always knowing he would receive no answers even if he did, but his mother had cherished this dagger more than anything else.

  
    More than her own child, 
  
  Magnus couldn’t stop himself from thinking. At least, if Ragnor’s words were true, then Magnus could accredit his mother’s fascination with the 
  
    Keris 
  
  to something other than her desire to love something that wasn’t him.

  “I see you have questions.” Ragnor said, not unkindly, “Maybe it is time for you to hear the answers.”

  The temptation to refuse was strong enough that Magnus almost gave in. His fingers glided over the 
  
    Keris' 
  
  blade,
   thinking of Anisa, and of the night she’d died, and of all of the years that had come after that. With great effort, Magnus nodded.

  “Okay.” He said.

  “I told you that I lived in your mother's village for some years before coming to Idris.” Ragnor said, “I grew close to her family during that time, and when Anisa's parent's asked me to take over her tutoring I was happy to do so. She was only about sixteen at the time, and she was charming and delightful to be around. She was one of my best students, with a keen interest in the world around her and a good, kind heart.

  I taught her for a few years, and I noticed immediately when, one day, she started to change. She became sullen and withdrawn, nothing at all like she'd been before. Her parent's were worried too, but she insisted that was fine. One day, her parent's departed for a trip across the sea and left Anisa alone. They were only meant to be gone for a few days and I lived not too far from their house, so everyone thought it would be safe.

  There was a storm,
   and the boat that her parent's were on turned over. All of its passengers were pronounced dead. Annie was devastated; She had loved her parents more than she’d loved life itself. She cried for days on end, and one night summoned she summoned me to her house insisting that it was a dire emergency. 
  When I got there I found her holding the dagger that her father had left with: the 
  
    Keris. 
  
  She said that she woke up and found it lying beside her in the bed. She told me that she knew the
  
     Keris
  
   was magical in its nature because her father had mentioned it to her once, but she didn’t know much else. She said that if anyone beside him would know the truth about the 
  
    Keris,
  
   it would be me. She begged me to tell her how it was possible that the dagger had come to her.”

  Ragnor stopped. Magnus could feel his eyes on him, but he didn’t look up. He was focused on the 
  
    Keris
  
   which was resting in his hands now. He pictured his mother as a young girl who’d just lost everything, holding on to the only thing that she had left.

  It was almost too easy to form that image in his mind.

  Eventually, Ragnor continued, “I told her the same thing that I’ll tell you. The 
  
    Keris
  
   was passed down through your family for many generations. Its main abilities lie in the protection of its owner, with enchantments strong enough to fight off even the most powerful magical attacks. Spells, curses, enchantments- so long as the Keris remains in your possession, no harm can come to you. The stronger your relationship with it, the more you care for it, the more potent its magic will be and the better it will defend you, protecting you even when you cannot protect yourself. The only person that can handle it is its rightful owner, and when your grandfather died, its ownership fell to your mother. It is my belief that, once your grandfather was dead, the 
  
    Keris’
  
   magic found Anisa and took the dagger to her.”

  “Did my father know about any of this?” Magnus asked, his voice barely audible.

  “I have no doubt that he did.” Ragnor said slowly, “I’m sure that your father would have tried to keep it for himself even if he'd been unaware of what it was, but the 
  
    Keris 
  
  didn't belong to him and it 
  would have only made its way to you in the end.”

  “But-” Magnus’ brain was working overtime, trying to comprehend all that Ragnor had just told him. Several things became clear to him all at once; His father letting him run away from home two years ago. The night he met Alec. The grimoire in Catarina’s cottage. He remembered what Elias had said to him, that his father’s curse on the book was meant to attack Magnus but that he’d somehow survived it, and neither of them had known why.

  
    There was darkness one second, and then the next there was only light,
  
   Catarina had told him. 
  
    Like a thousand rays of light exploding out from you, fighting back the darkness.
  

  And Alec. That first night in Brocelind Woods, and the attack that Magnus had stopped.

  Magnus didn’t know what to say in response to what Ragnor had just told him. He’d expected to feel only relief when he finally discovered the source of the thing that had been protecting him all this time, an answer to that nagging question he’d been ignoring for over a year now, but instead he was just overwhelmed. It had been his 
  
    Keris,
  
   his mother’s dagger. The thing that had hurt him more than anything else in the world had been the same thing to save him on more than one occasion.

  He looked back down at it. The golden hilt, its silver blade, the intricate carvings he’d traced over a million times. No matter how many years had passed he’d never stopped associating the Keris with Anisa. It had never fully been his- part of it had always belonged to her as well. He’d never been able to push away the image of her lifeless body laying atop her bed, the 
  
    Keris 
  
  sticking out of her chest where she’d plunged it through her heart.

  He saw the deep red color of her blood on his hands, and squeezed his eyes shut. Opened them again.

  “I could have not worn it.” He said.

  “I doubted that was ever an option you entertained." Ragnor told him, "The Keris knows its owner, just as the owner knows his dagger. You were drawn to it."

  He was right. Magnus had been inseparable from the dagger the moment he'd set his hands on it. Finally, his heart heavy in his chest, Magnus made himself look over to the other man.

  "She killed herself." He said. He hadn't meant to say the words, but he forced himself to continue, "Using this. She stabbed it through her heart." 

  Ragnor gave him a small, tired smile, "I assumed as much. I'd always wondered how truthful your father was being about her accident, but I let myself believe him for all those years. And then you showed up, looking at the Keris the way you do, with Anisa's journal... I knew immediately that I had been right, and there was something more to her death than I'd been lead to believe. And... it makes sense. I can't say that I'm surprised."

  Magnus, all at once, remembered that Anisa had written those letters to Ragnor. Of course Ragnor wasn't surprised to hear what she'd done.

  “She killed herself because of me.” Magnus said, “Because she couldn’t bear the thought of me being like my father. She hated me.”

  The words cut into him, as they always did, but he saw no reason to not say them out loud. It wasn’t as though Ragnor didn’t know- he’d read the letters Anisa had written, and probably countless others.

  “No.” Ragnor said, and for a split second of a moment, Magnus felt something akin to hope fluttering to life inside of him, “She did not hate you. But it would not be truthful to say that she loved you.”

  Magnus’ face fell, though he blamed only himself for thinking that there was ever any chance of hearing something else. There was a long and terrible silence before Ragnor spoke again.

  “Magnus, you must understand that she tried.” He said, “I might not have been there to see it for myself, but I knew Anisa well enough to know that she would have tried her best to be the mother you deserved. I believe that some part of her, no matter how deeply it was buried, cared for you as a mother should care for her child. She did not want to hurt you. You were her son, as conflicted as she might have been about it. But she tried.”

  “Then 
  
    why?”
  
   Magnus demanded, and his voice broke on the last word. He looked away again, a painful tightness settling in his chest.

  Ragnor visibly hesitated, "The night your mother got the Keris, she confessed to me what had happened to her. There had been a man who'd come to the village and taken a keen interest in her, which rapidly grew into obsession. She refused all of his advances, and eventually he grew tired of waiting for her to come around. He seduced her using magic meant to manipulate her emotions and her thoughts, and made her incapable of turning him away. She described it to me as being locked away in her own mind, entirely under his control. This went on for a month, and she was unable to break through the spell to tell anyone what was taking place." 

  Magnus felt as though he was about to be sick. His grip on the Keris was deathly, and part of him wanted to beg Ragnor to stop. He knew where this was going, even if Ragnor had not yet said the exact words. 

  "It was my father?" Magnus asked. Ragnor nodded, looking deeply pained. 

  "That night, the night she got the Keris, the spell was broken. No magic would work against her anymore, and she was free to live her life without fear of him. A few weeks after that, she discovered that she was pregnant. She lived with me over the next several months until she had the baby, and she tried to keep it a secret for as long as she could. Eventually, however, people found out and word began to spread. An unmarried girl of her age with a child for a father that was nowhere to be found? The gossip and rumors were terrible. I told her that we would run away together, find a way to hide her and the baby, but Asmodeus had already discovered her secret and he came to find her. He threatened to kill the baby if she ran off, and then he threatened to kill me if I stayed there."

  “Anisa never wanted to marry him, but Asmodeus gave her an ultimatum.” Ragnor continued, “Even though he couldn't attack her, he could still attack those that she cared about. I told her that none of it mattered and that we would still find a way, but she was fearful and agreed to the marriage before I could intervene. She told me to stay away, to get as far away from there as I possibly could, and promised to keep in contact with me through letters. Asmodeus wouldn't let her visit- he resented the relationship that the two of us had too much for that, but he agreed that she could write. She married him and moved in with him and the baby. With you."

  The 
  
    Keris
  
   felt as though it was burning through Magnus' hand where he held it. He wished, vehemently, that he didn’t have it, that he’d never gotten it in the first place. 
  
    Then what was the point?
  
   he wanted to ask Ragnor. 
  
    What was the point of a magical weapon that couldn’t protect its owner against something like that?
  

  He’d never known for sure, though he’d suspected on more than one occasion the older that he got, that the circumstances surrounding his parents’ marriage had not been pleasant. He’d never been under the impression that they were happy together, but as a child he’d always been told that it was nothing he should concern himself with and eventually he’d grown to see it as yet another question he just shouldn’t ask. But still, having it confirmed was a horrible feeling. How was one meant to react to the knowledge that they had never been wanted? To know that he’d been the result of the most horrible experience of his mother’s life almost made Magnus understand why she’d killed herself to escape him.

  In a way, he knew, she'd done them both a small mercy. By killing herself, she could escape Asmodeus' torment and leave Magnus the Keris to protect himself, even if he hadn't known that's what it would do. 
  But even with this new perspective, his resentment towards her was still there for all the pain that she’d caused him through doing that: that she’d chosen to leave him, that she'd said such cruel things about him, that she’d made him hate himself for years, thinking that he was unlovable.

  If his own mother could not love him, then who could?

  “Magnus…” Ragnor began, though it was clear that not even Ragnor knew what to say to him. 

  
    Maybe it’s time for you to hear the answers, 
  
  Ragnor had said. Staring down at the 
  
    Keris
  
   now, with the cold feeling it left him with, Magnus desperately wished that he hadn’t.


  The high hedges of the Penhallow’s garden twisted together to form a maze, and it allowed Alec and Aline some privacy as they walked along the stone pathway, an ornamental pond surrounded by marble benches awaiting them at one end. Aline had been uncharacteristically quiet for the duration of the walk, same as Alec, who was deep in thought about what he was about to do.

  He and Aline had always been close. Though they’d never been in love and never would be, she had always been someone that Alec considered a good friend. He felt out of his depth here now, struggling to find the right words to explain to her that he no longer thought he could go through with their engagement. Isabelle was inside with Jia and Patrick, and she'd assured Alec that she was fine to be left alone for a while.

  Still, Alec had no idea how any of them would react to the engagement being called off, and he wasn’t looking forward to finding out. He was even less enthusiastic to find out how his father would react.

  Aline looked at him peculiarly as they sat together on one of the benches, and it was clear that she could tell something was off about him but was unsure about whether or not she should be the one to bring it up. Alec was grateful for the time it allowed him to think, though it didn’t last very long before Aline was turning towards him fully.

  “How is Maryse?” She asked, "Has her illness gotten any better?" And Alec, as horrible as he felt about it, breathed a small sigh of relief.

  “She died three days ago.” He said. There was no use prolonging. Aline would find out eventually, and Alec would rather she find out from him than through some formal announcement. She deserved that, at the very least.

  Aline gasped, and reached out to take his hands in hers, “Please, accept my condolences.” She said, “How is your family? How is little Max?”

  Alec didn’t want to think about Max, who he’d left behind in Alicante to deal with all of this on his own, but he forced himself to smile and said, “We will be okay. Once the Fog has cleared up, there’ll be a funeral and we can all finally have some closure. Right now it still doesn’t feel real.”

  “I imagine it won’t, at least not for a long while.” Aline said, shaking her head slightly. Alec took a deep breath. He turned so he was looking at her clearly, the curve of her high cheekbones, the delicate, sympathetic smile, her deep brown eyes that were just a little sad. She still held his hands, but she wasn’t wearing the ring he’d given her when he’d officially asked her to marry him. They had agreed that she wouldn’t wear it publicly until the news had been announced to all of Idris, but they’d never gotten the time to do that.

  “There’s something I have to tell you.” Alec said.

  Aline did not look surprised. Her smile turned to one of solemn understanding, “You want to end our engagement.”

  Alec hurried to explain as best he could, “I agreed to marry you because I thought I was doing the right thing. I’m starting to think there may have been some disconnect between what I believed was right, and what actually is. I didn’t think I could have the Crown and be happy at the same time. I used to think that I had to choose one or the other. But now… I don’t think that’s true anymore.”

  He wondered if what he was saying made any sense at all to Aline. He knew that he wasn’t the best at expressing his feelings- he usually tried to avoid talking about his feelings entirely. But he hoped that Aline understood what he was trying to say, and that it was a good enough explanation for her to not hate him because of this.

  Aline did not pull away from him, like he’d half expected her to do. Instead, her next words surprised him.

  “I suspected you would eventually end it from the moment you asked me.” Aline said, “I could see it in your eyes that day and every day we’ve met since then. Your heart belongs to someone else.”

  Alec tried not to react to the words, but Aline noticed it anyway.

  “So it’s true then?” She asked, and she only sounded curious, “There is someone else? Then why did you agree to propose to me?”

  “You knew that our engagement was never made out of love.” Alec said to her, “I was taught that my responsibilities as heir came first, and love came second. That's why I did it.”

  The word 
  
    love
  
   was strange on his tongue, given the context. He couldn’t decide if he liked it or not. It felt just as right as it felt wrong, but it was easier to let Aline think that he was in love with someone than to explain to her the truth, with all of its complications.

  “But this person you’ve met has changed that.” Aline said. Alec didn’t respond. 

  Aline gave him a knowing look. “Things have changed for me as well, since you proposed to me.” She said softly, the words a careful admission of something she’d obviously guarded as a secret until now, “If you had not ended the engagement, I would have considered doing it myself.”

  “You’ve met someone.” Alec said.

  “I don’t know yet.” Aline told him, but there was something hopeful in her eyes as she looked at him, a particular tenderness that had come over her as she thought of whoever this person was, “It’s very… new.”

  Alec tried to smile back at her, but he couldn’t manage it despite his happiness that Aline had someone she felt this way about, and his relief that she would not be alone now that they were no longer getting married. Alec’s thoughts were on Magnus, and on the word 
  
    love,
  
   and on the sudden confusion those two things had caused him. 

  His relationship with Magnus, if it could even be called that, was by no means new, but Alec still felt as though he was walking on new ground every single time they were together. 

  And he'd just made everything so much worse.

  “Yeah.” He said, “I think I know what you mean.”

  
    Chapter Text
    
  “They’re called ley lines.” Ragnor said.


  They were all gathered in the parlor again, as Ragnor explained what he and Magnus had discovered so far. Alec kept sneaking glances at Magnus, but Magnus was either trying very hard to ignore him or was very focused on what Ragnor was saying, and he hadn’t turned towards Alec once the entire time they’d been there. 


  In fact, Magnus hadn’t said a word to Alec since they’d gotten back to the house. Alec desperately wanted to talk to him, and he chose to believe that Magnus’ avoidance of him was due to the fact that Ragnor had intercepted Alec and Isabelle with this meeting almost as soon as they’d walked through the door.


  Lydia and Catarina had both been woken up and they still seemed fairly out of it; Catarina leaned heavily against the couch that she sat on and Lydia’s eyes kept closing down, though she was clearly determined to stay awake. They both insisted that they were fine, and Alec tried not to worry too much about them. He trusted that Ragnor was taking good care of them. 


  Clary sat next to Alec and Isabelle, listening attentively to what Ragnor was saying. She hadn’t wanted to go with them to the Penhallow’s and Alec hadn’t tried to convince her to change her mind. Her history with them wasn’t exactly a great one and she’d reacted to the idea of voluntarily going to their estate with about as much enthusiasm as Alec had expected. Which was to say: none at all.


  “No one is quite sure exactly what they are or how they were created.” Ragnor continued, “But we do know for certain that they are the province of the fey-”


  
    “The fey?” 
  
  Isabelle cut across, “Do you mean 
  
    faeries?”
  


  She looked around the room to see if anyone else shared her reaction, which Alec, Lydia and Clary all did. Catarina seemed intrigued but not surprised, and Magnus only looked bored.


  “Yes.” Ragnor said patiently, “The fey. An ancient species of magical beings. There aren’t many of them in Idris- their numbers here were small even before the Great War, and they were much more secretive about their practices than warlocks ever were.”


  “I'm starting to think,” Isabelle said carefully, “That 
  
    all 
  
  the legends are true. What will we discover next? Vampires? Werewolves?”


  Magnus gave her an exasperated look, but Ragnor was the one to answer with a small, indulgent smile, “No. No Vampires or Werewolves. At least not in Idris.”


  The excited gleam in Isabelle’s eyes was evident, “That implies that they exist somewhere else.”


  “Well,” Ragnor said after a brief pause, “Magic exists everywhere, in all different forms. There can never be a way to say for certain what else is out there, especially after the Great War caused so many of us to go into hiding.”


  “But the Ley Lines.” Magnus started, trying to get them back on track, “Those 
  
    do
  
   exist in Idris.”


  It wasn’t a question, but Ragnor proceeded as if it had been, “Yes. There are a lot of similarities between fae magic and warlock magic; think of us as cousins, if you will. These ley lines are to faeries what the Spiral Labyrinth is to warlocks: it is the natural source of their magic, the place where they get their power from. Usually, only those with faerie blood can harness that power, but it’s not unheard of for warlocks to be able to do the same. There are, supposedly, quite a few of them running throughout Idris, and it’s only a matter of finding their precise locations and hoping that there is enough magic left in them to do what we need them to do.”


  “And what is that?” Clary asked. For the first time since they’d left Alicante, Alec could see that she had found a piece of hope to grapple onto, however small it was.


  “The place where two ley lines meet is called a convergence sight, forming a sort of matrix within which all magic is amplified.” Ragnor said, “All convergences exist in a place outside of time and space. Not necessarily another realm on its own, but a sort of in between.”


  Here he paused, looking around expectantly as though awaiting any questions. When none came, he continued, “If someone were to find one of these convergences and tap into their power, they might be able to enter into one of these ‘in between’ realms. Warlocks can maneuver between different dimensions- it takes exceptional skill and more energy than one warlock can usually harness on their own, but it’s not impossible. For hundreds of years, warlocks have been attempting to figure out a dimensional portal that would lead them to Edom, but what if Edom isn’t in another dimension at all? What if it was hidden in the between?”


  “Dimensional portals can typically only be opened by someone who has been to the intended location before, so accessing one through a ley line will be risky business.” Ragnor said, “We’ll need to be careful, so we don’t get stuck or lost and unable to find our way back out. It will be extremely difficult, but, like I said, it’s not impossible.”


  The room was silent. Alec could tell that Clary’s hope had now spread to all of them. They had 
  
    something,
  
   and maybe it wasn’t everything, and maybe it wouldn’t work, but it was just enough.


  “So when do we start searching for one of these convergences?” Isabelle asked, looking at Ragnor. Magnus quickly intercepted, 
  
    “We
  
   won’t be looking for anything. Ragnor, Catarina and I will go by ourselves, the rest of you are staying back here.”


  “You can’t just leave us here with nothing to do!” Clary argued.


  Magnus gave her a withering look. “It wasn’t a suggestion.”


  There was an immediate uproar of indignation from Clary and Isabelle, who were silenced by Ragnor putting up a hand to stop them. He looked at Magnus as if to say something, but Magnus shook his head adamantly.


  “They’ll only slow us down.” He insisted, “Ragnor, you know how unpredictable ley lines are. There’s no telling how dangerous the magic we encounter there will be. How are we meant to do 
  
    our
  
   job if we have to babysit the three of them?”


  “We won’t be slowing you down.” Alec said mutinously. Magnus froze at the sound of his voice, and Alec half expected the other man to turn and glare at him, but he didn’t.


  “Magnus, for Lilith’s sake.” Ragnor said, sounding exasperated, “We need as many hands as we can get for this, and this is just as much 
  
    their
  
   fight as it ours. We can’t risk going in with anything less than all we have, and we won’t do so just because 
  
    you’re
  
   trying to avoid dealing with your relationship problems.”


  The room went eerily still. Abruptly, Magnus got to his feet and left the room, stalking down the hallway without another word. The sound of a door opening and being slammed shut came a few seconds after. Ragnor closed his eyes, his mouth moving with words Alec couldn’t hear, looking a lot like Maryse used to when she complained about Alec, Izzy and Jace giving her trouble as children.


  His eyes snapped open again, his gaze narrowing in on Alec.


  “Whatever it is that’s going on between the two of you,” Ragnor said slowly, “Fix it. Now. Before it causes us any 
  
    real 
  
  problems.”



  Magnus was waiting for him. 


  He sat at the edge of the bed in their shared room, and there was a knife in his hand. Not his 
  
    Keris, 
  
  though it was evidently just as sharp
  
    . 
  
  This knife was shorter, its blade long and thin, and Magnus turned it over in his hands as Alec entered the room and closed the door behind himself.


  “Did Ragnor send you to talk to me?” Magnus asked, seemingly casual. Alec knew better. He heard, and was all too familiar with, the underlying danger in that tone of Magnus’ voice. Magnus twisted his wrist, and Alec heard the lock click into place. 


  He let out a shaking breath, “Magnus-”


  “Where did you go earlier today?” Magnus interrupted, getting to his feet. He crowded Alec back against the door, walking forward until Alec’s back was pressed flat against it. If he tried to move even an inch he would be pressed up against Magnus instead. 


  “Answer me, Alexander.”


  There was no use in lying. Magnus had always been able to read him like an open book, and he would know immediately even if Alec tried to hide the truth. 


  He swallowed heavily, “My fiancée. But I-”


  “Quiet.”


  Alec fell quiet. Something sharp pressed against his neck and moved upwards, tracing along the edge of his jaw. Alec held his breath until he started to feel lightheaded, and then he remembered that he was actually meant to 
  
    keep
  
   breathing.


  “How long have you been engaged?” Magnus asked conversationally. The blade pressed harder into his skin as Alec managed to whisper, “A month.” 


  Magnus stepped back. Alec blinked his eyes open, which he hadn’t realized he’d closed, and found Magnus twirling the blade between his fingers. His expression was cold- entirely closed off as he regarded Alec and said, slowly, “Maybe I'll fuck you and then kill you.”


  Alec let out a short laugh and let his head fall back against the door, “What a way to go.”


  Magnus’ jaw ticked. Alec couldn’t tell if Magnus’ irritation was due to Alec’s lack of fear or complaint, or what had happened the night before, or the fact that Alec had a fiancée, or if it was the combination of all of those things at once. 


  He was willing to bet it was the latter.


  Magnus didn’t give Alec any time to try to figure it out, “Take off your clothes, Alexander.”


  A small voice at the back of Alec’s head told him he should refuse or at least attempt to stop this before it began. He ignored it.


  His hands shook as he tried to complete the relatively simple task. His fingers slipped multiple times as he undid the buttons of his shirt, and his movements grew more hasty as he grew more impatient with himself for taking so long.


  Magnus tapped the blade of the dagger against the rings on his fingers, and the sound drew Alec’s full attention back to him. 


  “No.” Magnus said, “Keep your eyes on me, and go slowly. This is for 
  
    me,
  
   not you. This is the price you’re paying for me letting you live. Make it interesting.”


  Alec did as he was told. He took a deep breath as he forced himself to slow down. Magnus walked back over to sit at the edge of the bed, appearing idle as he played with the dagger in his hands, his legs parted slightly. Only his eyes gave him away- bright gold, sharp, and entirely focused, watching Alec undress in front of him. 


  Alec shoved aside his nervousness and focused on the energy flowing through the air, his entire body feeling charged with it. He kept his eyes on Magnus, and he doubted he could bring himself to look away even if he wanted to. Magnus said nothing to him as Alec fully undressed, and for a long moment he did nothing other than watch. He looked at Alec brazenly, as though he had every right to the body that stood before him, and Alec knew that he was only trying to unnerve of him further.


  It wouldn’t work. 


  Magnus stood suddenly and walked towards him, leaving the dagger behind on the bed. Alec hardly had any time at all to react before Magnus was on him, his hands fisting in Alec’s hair and tugging his head back at a harsh angle. 


  When Magnus bit down on the juncture of Alec’s neck, Alec couldn’t stop himself from crying out. Magnus paid him no attention; another hand came up to hold onto Alec’s hips, his fingers digging into the skin there as he held Alec immobile. He knew what Magnus was doing, and the combination of pleasure and pain radiating from each point at which Magnus held him firmly under his ministrations made Alec’s knees give out from underneath him. Magnus had never done this before, had never expressed interest in wanting to mark Alec like this before, but 
  
    by the Angel 
  
  was Alec not complaining about it.


  Magnus bit at that spot particularly harshly for a second and Alec, drunk on the feeling of being entirely under Magnus’ control, begged for more almost immediately.


  Magnus pulled away, yanked Alec’s head back when Alec tried to look away from him, “What do you think your fiancée would say if she heard you beg for someone else like this?”


  Alec would’ve pointed out that he didn’t 
  
    have
  
   a fiancée anymore, but he wasn’t entirely opposed to this side of Magnus. They’d always used sex to avoid their problems; this was who they were, for better or for worse. He needed this. 
  
    Magnus
  
   needed this. They would deal with the fallout of it later. 


  “It 
  
    is
  
   a woman, isn’t it?” Magnus asked with feigned curiosity. It was clear that he already knew the answer. He released Alec’s hip and pressed two fingers against the spot he’d just marked. It was still sore from Magnus’ teeth sinking into it and Alec keened at the added sensation, struggling to keep himself upright as Magnus laughed cruelly, “I could do this with the knife instead, if you like. Answer me.” 


  “Fuck- 
  
    yes.”
  
   Alec forced out, gripping Magnus by his upper arms, “Yes, she’s a woman.”


  “And you called me a coward.”


  “I never claimed to be anything that I wasn’t.” Alec said through gritted teeth. Magnus pressed against his neck harder in retaliation. “No.” He said, “You just let them believe it and don’t bother to correct them. The perfect Prince, the perfect son, the perfect heir-”


  “I never said-”


  Magnus cut him off, “The only thing you really want is for someone to bend you over and fuck you until you can’t walk. Look at you, you’re fucking desperate for it.”


  Not 
  
    someone, 
  
  Alec wanted to say in correction. Not just 
  
    anyone. 
  
  Because it was clear to him that it was only ever Magnus. It would only ever 
  
    be
  
   Magnus- no one else could even come close to matching what Magnus was.


  Magnus released him. He grabbed Alec by his wrist and walked him forward. There was a mirror in this room, relatively large and standing upright besides the dresser, and Magnus stopped Alec directly in front of it. Magnus stood behind him, and so all Alec could see was his own reflection staring back at him; flushed red all over, his cock hard and leaking, a purple-red bite mark at the base of his neck. Magnus had one of Alec’s hands wrenched behind his back, holding him firmly in place. With his other hand, Magnus began roughly jerking Alec’s cock.


  “Magnus-”


  “That’s right.” Magnus said in his ear, “That’s the only word I want to hear you say.”


  Alec didn’t think he was capable of saying anything else. His hips rocked forward, pressing into Magnus’ hand. He almost choked on his own breath when Magnus bit down hard on his neck again, another spot this time, teeth sinking into his skin hard enough that Alec was surprised it didn’t break through.


  “I’m not hearing you.” Magnus hissed, “Say my name, Alexander, and keep your fucking eyes open. When you go back to your fucking palace and marry whoever this girl is, I want this to be what you remember- how you look when you fall apart in my hands. I want my name to be the only thing you can think of when you’re fucking 
  
    her
  
   and wishing it was me-”


  “I could never forget.” Alec gasped out, “Magnus, 
  
    please-”
  


  “Again.”


  
    “Magnus.”
  


  Magnus scraped his nails down Alec’s back, and Alec bit down hard on his own lip to keep from screaming out as Magnus demanded, “Say it 
  
    louder,
  
   Alexander.”


  It was like a dam breaking. Alec’s vision went white as he came with Magnus’ name falling from his lips. Ropes of white coated the mirror as his hips rocked forward, like his body had a mind of its own and he could only allow himself to give in to it. Aftershocks were still pulsing through him, and his mind only partially cleared enough to register that Magnus had walked him over to the bed just in time to catch himself as he was pushed down onto it. Instinctively, Alec began to turn himself around. He was stopped by a hand pressed between his shoulder blades and the bed dipping as Magnus climbed on behind him.


  Magnus grabbed onto Alec’s hips and yanked him up, keeping Alec’s shoulders on the bed and his legs spread wide. He maneuvered the Prince how he wanted him, until Alec was spread out before him like an offering for Raziel himself and Magnus knelt behind him, fondling the globes of Alec’s ass and spreading them apart. Still physically and mentally wiped out from his orgasm, Alec could do nothing but sob into the sheets as Magnus licked over his hole, his tongue swiping over the muscle as it contracted under the suddenness of hot, wet pressure. 


  Alec rocked back against Magnus’ face and used the advantage of having his sounds muffled to voice his pleasure until his throat went hoarse. By the time Magnus finally took mercy on him and pulled back, Alec was wet and open from his spit and moaned out loud as Magnus pressed a finger into him.


  “I can’t-” Alec tried to say, feeling disoriented as he frantically tried to steady himself, to catch his breath, to do anything other than lay there and sob as Magnus pushed against his prostate and entered him with a second finger almost immediately after, “Magnus! fucking 
  
    Angels-”
  


  Magnus fisted Alec’s hair with his free hand- not pulling, just holding him firmly enough that Alec could 
  
    feel
  
   it, and leaned down so he was close to Alec’s ear, “I’m not your fucking 
  
    Angel,
  
   Your Highness. Pray to me and see if your Angel comes to save you.”


  Magnus pulled his fingers away, replacing them with his cock. It was slick with what Alec knew well enough to be lubricant, though he wasn’t sure where Magnus could have gotten it from.


  
    “Magnus.”
  
   He groaned as Magnus sank into him, pressing the full length of his cock forward until he was all the way in, hips pressed flush against Alec’s ass. It was a tight fit- he’d only stretched Alec with two fingers and he’d not bothered to be gentle, and Alec reveled in the feeling of being filled so completely, of not being given any other options but to stay there and take what Magnus gave him.


  Alec had unknowingly begun to raise himself up, and one of Magnus’ hands found its way back to Alec’s shoulder blades, pressing Alec’s chest back against the bed and keeping his ass raised high for Magnus to take as he pleased.


  “Stay down.” Magnus breathed, his voice rough, “Fucking stay there and take it. Take everything I give you.”


  And then Magnus started fucking him, hard and fast, repeatedly punching the air out of Alec as he pulled his cock out almost entirely and forced it back in. Alec was sure that if it was possible to die from being fucked, then this would be how he died. He’d already gotten hard again, had never fully softened in the first place, and his cock was leaking steadily beneath him as Magnus plunged into him again and again. 


  “What will you do when you’re married, Alexander?” Magnus asked, his breathing heavy and his voice just as wrecked as Alec felt, “You need this.”


  Alec mumbled something incoherent, and Magnus slapped a hand against his ass 
  
    hard, 
  
  shock and pain and so much fucking pleasure coursing through Alec’s body in response.


  
    “Yes!”
  
   Alec cried out, “Fuck,
  
     yes,
  
   I need it, need you-”


  Magnus reached down and palmed Alec’s balls, applying just enough pressure that Alec couldn’t decide if he wanted to beg for more or for less, “Who do you belong to?”


  “You.” Alec responded instantly. There was no need to hesitate; there was only one answer.


  Magnus squeezed tighter, 
  
    “Who do you belong to?”
  


  “You! 
  
    Magnus!”
  
   Alec said, “I’m yours. 
  
    I’m yours,
  
   I belong to you, Magnus, please-”


  And for the second time that night, Alec crashed headfirst into his climax. His throat felt completely wrung out and he was sure he blacked out, and when he finally managed to resurface he felt Magnus pulling his cock away from him.


  Not even able to voice his disappointment at that, Alec’s body gave out, thoroughly exhausted as he collapsed into the bed. He didn’t even care for the wetness underneath him or the feel of his own come sticking to his skin. He barely registered it as Magnus’ hand palmed at his ass again. Alec heard low moans behind him, the wet sound of a hand stroking over a slick cock, and before his brain could fully catch up to what was happening, he felt warm drops of come spurting against the crease of his ass and his lower back, Magnus marking him in yet another, more primal way, that appealed to parts of Alec’s fucked out brain he never even knew existed.


  His post-orgasm euphoria reached new heights as Magnus rubbed his release into Alec’s skin. 


  He’d said that he belonged to Magnus, and no part of him protested that statement even now. It was undeniably true.



  Magnus was standing on the beach.


  Waves gently brushed against the shore, the cool night air hitting his skin and making him shiver. He clung tightly to the thin material of the clothes he wore- a simple tunic and pants he didn’t remember putting on.


  
    In fact,
  
   Magnus thought as he looked around, he didn’t remember coming here at all. He looked down. His feet were bare, and a black circle was scorched into the sand around him. With a sharp intake of breath and a sinking feeling in the pit of his stomach, Magnus realized what this was. 
  
    He’d been summoned.
  
   


  Someone had brought him here, but 
  
    who
  
   that was, Magnus wasn’t sure. He was the only person on the beach as far as he could see.


  And then the sand began to move, just outside of the circle that Magnus was enclosed in, small enough flecks blowing up into the air that at first it could have been mistaken for a particularly harsh breeze. It picked up quickly, twisting up and up, higher and higher, a small tornado of sand blowing all around them until it dissipated just as quickly as it had appeared, and in its place a man took shape.


  Magnus stared. He knew who it was immediately. It was like looking into a mirror, like Magnus was seeing his own future looking back at him.


  “Asmodeus.” He said.


  His fathers lips pulled apart into a smile, though his eyes remained sharp and sparkling in dark gold. Magnus wanted to look away -the resemblance between the both of them was undeniable- but he forced himself to stand his ground. He swallowed thickly and pulled himself up straighter.


  “My son.” Asmodeus said, spreading his hands wide as though entreating Magnus to come forward for a hug. Magnus didn’t move. He 
  
    couldn’t
  
   move, even if he wanted to. And if he could’ve broken this circle and stepped outside, he would rather drown himself in the ocean than show any type of affection to his father.


  “Why did you summon me here?” Magnus asked, choosing his words carefully. Asmodeus would not have brought him here for no reason. It was best to just get straight to the point, whatever it was.


  Asmodeus’ smile fell just a bit, “Must you be so hasty, my son?”


  “I told you before that I am no longer your son.” Magnus said, “I meant those words.”


  Asmodeus considered this, and then said in an impressively emotionless voice, “You will always be my son. You are of my blood, it runs through your veins. It makes you who you are.”


  “And what is that?” Magnus asked, regretting the words as soon as he spoke them, “Who am I, according to you?”


  “A ruler.” Asmodeus replied easily, his smile returning, “A 
  
    King,
  
   by my side.”


  Magnus felt a chill run through him at the sincerity of Asmodeus’ words.


  “And what will we be ruling?” He asked tentatively.


  Asmodeus looked pleased that Magnus was taking an interest in what he had to say. He moved closer to the circle, “For now, only Edom. I have already accomplished the first part. The Lost City is lost no more; it belongs to 
  
    us,
  
   and you and I shall preside over it as warlocks rebuild our strength and numbers enough to take over the rest of Idris as well.”


  There was a fanatic edge to what Asmodeus was saying, something that let Magnus know that there was nothing Asmodeus was not willing to do to see this plan through. Magnus was but a small, and ultimately inconsequential part of it. In Asmodeus’ eyes, for all that he spoke of wanting Magnus by his side, Magnus was only a bonus, not a necessity.


  “Our race has grown weak.” Asmodeus continued, pacing the space in front of Magnus, “We have hidden ourselves away and locked up our true capabilities. We have forgotten the truth about ourselves. When I reopened Edom and the Labyrinth, it was as though I felt 
  
    real
  
   power for the first time in all the years I have been alive. 
  
    That
  
   is our purpose, as warlocks! Taking apart the wards was like pulling apart millions of tiny threads by hand; a painstaking task, but immeasurably rewarding. Now, we will finally be able to claim what we are rightfully owed.”


  “Idris.” Magnus confirmed, though he didn’t need to ask, “You think we’re 
  
    rightfully owed
  
   Idris.”


  “I think we have allowed ourselves to be bullied into a corner.” Asmodeus spat, “We have become but shadows of who we were meant to be.”


  “And what if I say no?” Magnus asked. Asmodeus stopped pacing, looking back at Magnus as though he’d not even considered this a possibility.


  “Do you not hear what I am offering you!” Asmodeus demanded, “Glory! Power! You already have invincibility, in that dagger of yours. I do apologize for the inconvenience of the grimoire that you opened, son. I needed to be sure that you still had the 
  
    Keris
  
   in your possession. But now, standing with its power by my side, together, Magnus, we will be undefeatable!”


  “And what if I don’t want any of that?” Magnus cut him off, “I left you for a reason. I wanted to get away from all of that. Why would I return to you now?”


  Asmodeus’ eyes flashed with annoyance, “Is this about your little affair with the Prince? Do you believe him worthy of what you are sacrificing?”


  
    Keep Alexander out of your mouth, 
  
  Magnus wanted to say. But he knew he was already pushing the boundaries of what Asmodeus would allow him to get away with.


  “Come to Edom.” said Asmodeus, “I will lower the wards that guard it for just an hour. Join me, my son.”


  
    I am not your son.
  


  “I don’t know how to get there.”


  
    “Oh,”
  
   Asmodeus replied, raising a single brow. The sharp edges of his teeth were on display as he smiled again, “Yes you do.”



  Magnus felt the last vestiges of his dream drifting away from him like a distant memory. He desperately tried to cling onto it, grasping at its frayed edges as Asmodeus’ words echoed in his mind.


  
    Remember,
  
   he urged himself, 
  
    remember-
  


  “Magnus!”


  With a strangled gasp, his eyes flew open. His hands immediately shot out to his side as he searched for his 
  
    Keris, 
  
  meeting only the soft fabric of the sheets instead. 
  
    It isn't here, 
  
  he started to panic, trying and failing to take deep breaths, 
  
    Asmodeus- the beach-
  


  
    “Magnus.”
  
   Alec demanded his attention again, and suddenly there were hands grabbing Magnus by his shoulders, steadying him where he’d started to shake. Magnus blinked through the darkness. The hazy cloud on his mind drifted apart just enough for everything to begin slotting itself into place. 


  His recollection of what had just happened hit him with enough force to stop his breathing yet again.


  
    Asmodeus.
  


  “You were having a nightmare.” Alec said, “Magnus, 
  
    what’s going on?”
  


  Magnus could see clearly enough through the dark room to know that Alec was worried. Wide blue eyes stared at him, Alec’s fingers pressing insistently into his skin where he held him. They were both still undressed, the blankets now twisted around their bodies with all of the movement.


  
    Come to me. Join me.
  


  Magnus inhaled shakily, “I have to go.”


  He pulled himself out of Alec’s grip, and Alec let him go with evident reluctance. Magnus walked on shaky feet as he crossed the room, feeling blindly for his clothes and tugging everything on with an almost mechanical efficiency. 


  At some point, Alec had gotten to his feet as well. He walked over to Magnus cautiously.


  “Magnus. Tell me what’s going on.” He said. It wasn’t a request.


  Still, Magnus ignored it. His fingers were trembling as he fastened the buttons of his shirt, and he was sure that he did them up wrong but didn’t bother to check.


  Alec came closer, “Magnus, I swear on the Angel if you don’t start talking right now-”


  “It’s my father.” Magnus said, “I know where to find him. He came to me in a dream.”


  Alec shook his head, his brows furrowed, “Magnus-”


  
    “I have to go.”
  
   Magnus insisted. He heard his own voice as if he was speaking from a distance. He didn’t sound like himself at all. He turned away from Alec to search for where he’d discarded his 
  
    Keris.
  


  For the first time since he’d inherited it, he hesitated in picking it up. His hand hovered over the dagger for a few seconds before he finally pushed aside his lingering doubts and snatched it into his grip; he knew he would regret not bringing it with him if he left it behind. When he looked back at Alec, he found the other man in the process of getting dressed.


  Magnus glared, “I 
  
    meant
  
   I have to go on my own.”


  Alec didn’t even look at him, “You have to be an idiot to think I would let you go after your father on your own.”


  “It’s dangerous-”


  “Everything I do with you is dangerous.” Alec said. He crossed the room to where his bow and quiver were, fastening them into place with a practiced ease.


  “I’m going with you.” He said, “It’s not up for debate, Magnus.”


  Alec was fully dressed now, standing before Magnus with an all too familiar look of determination. Alec was especially stubborn when he got like this, and Magnus knew arguing with him would only be a waste of time that they didn’t have.


  With a muted sound that was a mix of exasperation and aggravation, Magnus flicked open the bedroom door with a turn of his wrist. He stepped out into the empty hallway, Alec following right behind him, and almost walked right into Ragnor who stood on the other side of it.


  
    “What,”
  
   Ragnor began, the word a low grumble, “In the name of Lillith are the two of you doing this infernal hour?”


  Magnus held his breath, purposely this time. 
  
    One,
  
   he reminded himself, letting it go. He silently pleaded with Alec to keep his mouth shut. 
  
    Two-
  


  “Magnus knows where to find Asmodeus.” Alec said. He sounded close by, and Magnus opened his eyes to find Alec standing right next to him. He was looking straight at Magnus, as if daring him to argue or complain, and Magnus kept his mouth shut if only because he didn’t trust himself to speak.


  He was still badly shaken up. Asmodeus’ voice whispered hauntedly in his ear. He could still feel the coldness of the night air licking against his skin and the sand between his toes.


  None of that had been real, only his imagination working to fill in the cracks of the fabricated reality that Asmodeus had dragged him into. But Asmodeus himself, everything he’d said- Magnus knew without the shadow of a doubt that not even his own mind could’ve made that up. 


  Ragnor’s expression changed immediately, “I’ll wake the others.”


  “Ragnor-”


  But Ragnor was already gone, down the hall towards the other rooms. Alec stood rigidly in his spot and Magnus felt as though his body had been lit on fire. 


  “Alexander-” Magnus began, and stopped.


  “I can’t take you.” Magnus said, “My father won’t hesitate to kill you, and I don’t know if I’ll be able to-” 
  
    protect you,
  
   Magnus finished in his mind, telling himself that the guilt he felt about this was entirely unfounded. Alexander was not his to protect. He never had been.


  “I don’t need you to protect me.” Alec finished, hearing Magnus’ unspoken words anyway. Doors began to open and slam shut, commotion picking up noisily as the others were woken up. 


  Magnus, desperately, switched tactics, “Your sister-”


  “Can protect herself.” Alec said. There was a firm set to his jaw as he continued, “She came all this way because she wants to help, and I’m done trying to stop her when she’s more than proved her worth. Everyone else wants to help too, and even if you don’t want to admit it to yourself, Magnus, you need us.” 


  Alec turned and walked away before Magnus could even try to respond.



  The ocean appeared pitch black in the night, and it looked both beautiful and terrifying as they approached it.


  Magnus replayed his encounter with Asmodeus over and over in his head, refusing to let even the tiniest fragment of the already fading memory slip through his fingers. His 
  
    Keris
  
   was a heavier and more uncomfortable weight than usual where it was strapped to his side, and Alec’s footsteps behind him were steady and sure, the softness of the sand blanketing their sound the further down the shore-line they went. 


  “When you said that Asmodeus came to you in a dream…” Alec started, his question trailing off as he caught up to Magnus’ strides, falling into place at his side. Magnus forced himself to keep looking straight ahead. The others were following closely behind, and Magnus could hear their whispered voices as they spoke to each other.


  None of them would be going with him to Edom, even if they’d managed to convince themselves otherwise. It was too risky to even consider it. 


  And Magnus didn’t need anyone with him. Especially Alec, who was only a constant reminder of what Magnus now knew; that Alec wasn’t his, as much as he might want him to be, and that there truly was nothing that would change that.


  “Oneiromancy.” Magnus said in answer to Alec’s question, giving himself something to distract his wandering thoughts. 


  “It’s the magic of dreams. A powerful enough warlock can use it to manipulate someone's thoughts while they sleep.” Magnus recited the words as if he was reading them from a book. Oneiromancy was an invasive practice, and Magnus certainly felt like he’d been invaded. The uncomfortable tingling on his skin that came from having someone occupy his thoughts in such a way had not yet faded, and Magnus knew that whatever he was about to face in Edom would make it even worse.


  “I’ve been trying to get in contact with my father all this time and he finally reached out to me himself.” Magnus said.


  When they arrived at the spot that Asmodeus had brought him to, there were no visible signs that anything at all had taken place. Magnus had been down here by himself a handful of times when he’d tried to reach out to Asmodeus on his own, and he wondered if Asmodeus had chosen it because of that. 


  The black circle that Asmodeus had trapped him in obviously wasn’t there, but the area still sent a chill down Magnus’ spine. He’d been avoiding thinking too far ahead since he woke up, but now he couldn’t help but wonder what he was about to encounter. 


  Part of him was, admittedly, morbidly curious. He’d never thought he would actually get to 
  
    see
  
   Edom with his own eyes. As a child he’d have trouble believing it was even a real place.


  “What happened to all that stuff about the ley lines-?” Isabelle asked, approaching them. Lydia stood next to her as she usually did, Clary following closely. All three of them were armed with blades and knives strapped to their clothing, courtesy Catarina and Ragnor who had fashioned them weapons out of their own magic. Magnus had refused to help. 


  He flexed his fingers and felt the magic running through them.


  
    Come to me. Join me, my son.
  


  “We’re standing on one.” He said grimly. He wasn’t sure how he knew, but he 
  
    did.
  
   He and Ragnor certainly hadn’t planned for one to be so close, and it was difficult to sense its presence even now that he knew it was there. But Asmodeus never did things without reason. 


  Alec made a low, deliberating sound, and Magnus turned to look at him. Even now, with everything else going on, he could only think of Alec’s earlier words and the anger they’d left him with. 
  
    She’s my fiancée.
  


  He was leaving Alec on this beach and venturing off into a place he wasn’t sure to return from, and any terror he felt at whatever awaited him on the other side of this was replaced with only relief that he would not have to endure the inevitable announcement that Alec had gone through with the marriage; that Alec was, in every way, entirely closed off to him.


  
    This is your own fault,
  
   he told himself, 
  
    what else had you expected?
  


  He turned away. Closed his eyes, and extended his hands forward. 
  
    Focus, Magnus. 
  
  Focus.


  “Are we absolutely certain that this is a good idea?” He heard Ragnor ask, “Why would Asmodeus just
  
     lead 
  
  you right to him?”


  Magnus didn’t bother opening his eyes or forming a response, focusing all his energy into concentrating on the task at hand. Alec said something that Magnus couldn’t decipher, and after that the only sound that accompanied them was the waves crashing against the shore a few feet away.


  
    Focus. 
  


  Magnus had never opened a doorway to another dimension before, but he 
  
    had
  
   spent the past several days deep in research. With the information he’d spent all that time committing to memory and, above all, Asmodeus’ voice in his head, somehow, Magnus
  
     knew.
  


  It began slowly. He called his magic to him in the way he’d done so many times before; feeling it pulse through his veins in that familiar, all consuming manner. It was more unbridled energy than he'd ever felt in his life.


  
    You’ve been here before.
  
   Asmodeus' voice told him. 
  
    Think. Remember.
  


  Magnus pushed his magic outwards, but he met only resistance fighting against him. There was something blocking him; some last, final wall that Magnus couldn’t quite slam his way through. Something clogged his magic and pushed it right back at him with double the force, and Magnus went flying backwards as his struggle to contain it finally gave way. There was a loud bang that echoed off the beach, and he collided against something hard and sturdy.


  Alec.


  Hands were on his face, running down his arms, panicked voices rising up around him that sounded 
  
    too much
  
   and 
  
    too loud.
  


  “Are you okay?” Alec asked,
  
     “Magnus-”
  


  Magnus opened his eyes and focused on Alec leaning over him. They were on the ground, though Magnus had no recollection of how they’d gotten there. His hands felt like something had been slammed on top of them, alight with a deep-seated 
  
    power 
  
  that he couldn’t quite grasp.


  He’d 
  
    been 
  
  there. He’d been 
  
    right there.
  


  Alec stared at him, seeming caught between worry and frustration. The others surrounded them like tall shadows but Magnus couldn’t bring himself to look at any of them. He did not reach out or let himself relax into Alec’s arms, though every part of his aching body begged him to do so.


  “What do you need?” Alec asked.


  Magnus swallowed thickly. His throat was suddenly dry, a dull pain kicking up at the back of his head. He might not have succeeded in opening the portal, but his magic had still been depleted significantly. 


  
    You’ve been here before.
  


  “Catarina.” He said. He closed his eyes again, unable to keep them open any longer for how much energy it took out of him. “I need Catarina.”


  She was next to him in an instant, and Magnus rolled himself up onto his feet with her and Alec’s help. He felt another hand on his back and turned to find Ragnor, who looked as though he was deeply contemplating abandoning this plan and ordering everyone back to his house.


  But they couldn’t.


  “That first night.” Magnus said, “At my house, when Asmodeus took us to that room. I think- I think that’s where we’re going.”


  Understanding was clear in Catarina’s expression immediately, though she still looked a little uncertain, “That was 
  
    Edom?”
  


  “You’ve already been there?” Ragnor demanded, 
  
    “Both
  
   of you?”


  Magnus jerked his head in a reluctant nod. He didn’t want them to know. If they knew, then they could find it themselves and follow him even if he found a way to leave without them. But he couldn’t do this on his own, he was slowly realizing, and he didn’t have the time to stand around trying to figure out how. 


  “Something blocked me the first time I tried to get into it again.” Magnus said, “Asmodeus took down the wards but he won’t leave them down forever. We don’t have much time. I can push past it, but I need- I need your help. Ragnor, you too. Your magic. I don’t think I have enough left on my own.”


  “And what do we do?” Clary asked. Magnus gritted his teeth together and forced his annoyance back. 


  “Keep a lookout and make sure no one disturbs us.” Catarina said. She grasped Magnus’ hand in hers and gave him a small smile that did not mask her concern, “Just like the grimoire, right?”


  “If we die,” Ragnor said, looking at Magnus as he placed a hand on both Magnus’ and Catarina’s shoulders respectively, “I 
  
    will 
  
  make the afterlife a living hell for you.”


  Magnus managed, through great effort, not to laugh at that. “I look forward to it.”


  “Magnus.” 


  Magnus froze. Turned slowly. Something flickered in Alec’s expression, a fleeting emotion that twisted Magnus’ heart into an unbearably tight knot.


  “Are you sure?”


  Magnus wasn’t. He had no idea how powerful his father was at the moment, with all the knowledge and power of the Spiral Labyrinth at his disposal, or how much of a challenge it would be to fight him off if it came to that. He had no type of plan. Asmodeus hadn’t given him the time to think of one.


  But he had no choice. Magnus knew that his resolve had to be clear in his expression because Alec’s initial worry came back tenfold. 


  “Let’s do this.” He said, forcing himself to turn away. The beach spread out before him in a dark and gloomy expanse, and Magnus closed his eyes against it as Ragnor’s magic washed over him. He pushed back his own defenses and let it spread through him, mixing with his own until his drowsiness began to fade. 


  Catarina squeezed his hand in hers, and Magnus let the magic consume him once again. 


  It spread out through his veins and it 
  
    hurt,
  
   like ice and then like fire, burning through him until it 
  
    became
  
   him, until it was especially difficult to determine where his magic 
  
    stopped 
  
  and he 
  
    began.
  
   They were one and the same, his entire being engulfed in its flames.


  When that wall he’d stumbled into the first time came back, he felt Catarina right there beside him pushing against it too.


  Through his closed eyelids Magnus could see sparks of blue moving around him like lightning. The ground below his feet began to shake, and everything that was not the sheer 
  
    power
  
   coursing through him seemed to fall away in an abrupt and unexpected rush.


  And then it stopped.


  Magnus jerked back, Catarina’s hand falling away from him. At some point, Ragnor had released them both. 


  Instinctively, 
  
    automatically, 
  
  Magnus searched and found Alec standing behind him with his eyes wide and an awed expression on his face.


  Magnus looked down at his hands, which felt both numb and more alive than they ever had, and saw that they were shaking. He squeezed them into fists. He felt exhaustion creeping up on him again but this time it was so much worse than it had been before. He’d expended more magic in the past few minutes than he had ever done before, and it was near impossible to ignore the effect of it. He firmly slammed that small weakness back into a corner. 
  
    Now was not the time.
  


  “Magnus,” Catarina said with a gasp, drawing his attention back to her. Even Ragnor looked stunned, blinking rapidly behind his glasses which sat askew on his nose. Isabelle was further back than Magnus recalled her being and Lydia’s hand was wrapped securely around her upper arm, keeping her there.


  And Alec wasn’t looking at Magnus anymore. His gaze was fixed over Magnus’ shoulder, and there was a sudden tightness in Magnus’ chest that he couldn’t place.


  
    “Turn around.”
  
    Alec whispered.


  Part of Magnus didn’t want to, but he did. What he saw took his breath away.


  The glowing circle before them could not be seen directly through. Its surface appeared to move like water, with small, gentle ripples ghosting over its surface. The light radiating from within it was bright enough to cast a faint glow around its immediate surroundings, and it stood tall, about twice Magnus’ height, about the width of an average door.


  And Magnus could feel what was undoubtedly his 
  
    own
  
   magic running through it.


  
    He’d done it.
  


  Catarina beamed with pride of her own where she stood next to him, and Magnus, drunk off his brief euphoria, corrected himself; 
  
    They
  
   had done it. 


  But now they had to face whatever came next.


  “So.” Clary was the first to speak, her voice wobbling slightly, “Who goes first?”


  The portal began to shrink down in its size, shimmering like crystal in front of them. They didn’t have much time left.


  Magnus began walking towards it. It didn’t come as much of a surprise when Alec appeared beside him and held onto Magnus’ arm, his grip firm and determined.


  This time, Magnus didn’t try to stop him.


  They stepped through the glassy surface of the portal together, and darkness engulfed them all around.

  
    Chapter Text
    They entered a dark room. There were no windows and only a single door. Heavy metal slabs were pulled over it, four of them in a row, and Alec’s stomach dropped as he realized that the barricades were there not to keep something out but to keep  them  inside. Ragnor was the last to come through the portal and it winked shut behind him almost the second his feet crossed over it. Lydia reached into her pocket and produced a shimmering witchlight stone, holding it up in the middle of the group so they had at least a little bit of illumination. Magnus had wandered over to the door and was examining it carefully, his entire posture stiff.Lydia had her free hand on the hilt of her sword- Alec doubted she'd released it at all since they left the house, and he tried to ignore the way his skin prickled at the sight of it.Magnus hadn't brought up Elias with him yet, but Alec knew it was only because they were both avoiding that particular topic. He was desperate to know what Magnus thought, how he felt, to hear him say anything at all to Alec that might dispel the image Alec still had of the night before, when Magnus had seemed fully intent on killing him had it not been for Ragnor getting in his way.Alec had hoped that having sex with Magnus would be enough to erase his fears and his doubts about all that had taken place. He'd hoped that giving in to the physical side of their relationship would let him ignore the emotions that seemed more intent than ever on following him around.It had always worked before. So why wasn't it working now?“Right.” Ragnor said, his green eyes piercing through the dim lighting of the room, “You said magic doesn't work in this room, so what do we do now?”“You shouldn’t have come here.” Magnus said without looking at him. He kicked the door with the base of his foot, an almost absentminded move, and didn’t seem at all surprised when it didn’t budge. Isabelle met Alec’s eyes from across the room, her worry written plainly all across her face. Alec knew he didn’t have to feel guilty about having brought her here -Isabelle would have found a way to come regardless- but he still did. Clary stood next to Isabelle, and Alec didn’t even want to think about what Jace would do to him if Clary ended up being injured, or worse, on this expedition to save his life.“My father wants me.” Magnus continued, “There’s no telling what he’ll do if he finds the rest of you here.”"What exactly did he say to you?" Catarina asked. Magnus pressed his lips together tightly, obviously reluctant to say anything, but eventually he sighed and started talking. He kept his gaze locked on the floor, refusing to look at any of them. Even Alec.  Especially Alec.  When he was done, the room fell completely silent. "But…" Clary started, her voice faint, "Most of Idris doesn't even know about this.  We  didn't even know anything about the Great War until a few days ago! Thousands of people are going to be hurt because of something they had no say in.""Maybe we could explain that." Isabelle said quietly, though it was clear that she already knew that wasn't an option."My father can't be reasoned with." Magnus said bitterly. There was no animosity in his tone towards either of the women, and he seemed almost regretful about his words. "He's come too far, worked at this for too long. That's why you all shouldn't have come here- he's already taken Jace and now we've just  handed  him two of the royal children. There's a target on your backs and I don't know how I'm meant to stop him from taking advantage of that."“It’s okay to accept help sometimes, when you need it.” It was Alec who answered, surprising himself. He’d not intended to speak out loud. But Magnus was here, talking as though they had very little chance of winning against Asmodeus in this battle to save Idris,  Alec's Kingdom,  and Alec would be damned if he sat back in Ragnor's parlour and waited nicely while Magnus saved the day on his behalf.Magnus spun around to face him with a sneer, as though the words  offended  him, “I need  nothing  from you.” But there was less heat than there should have been behind the words,  way less  than there had been the first time Magnus echoed a similar statement, as though a part of him didn’t actually believe what he was saying anymore.“You have a fiancée.” Magnus continued, his voice shallow and carefully devoid of any emotion. For the first time, with absolute certainty, Alec saw right through it.“What happens to her, if you don’t get back?” Magnus asked.“I ended the engagement yesterday,” Alec said tiredly, “So I imagine that she will be okay.” Magnus froze. Whatever he'd been expecting, it clearly hadn't been that.“I would have told you if you’d given me the chance to talk.” Alec said, even though he knew that he wouldn't have. He'd wanted Magnus' anger, and he'd wanted Magnus to take it out on him, because that was the only way Alec knew to shut down his emotions and racing thoughts.The sex had been everything Alec had wanted it to be, but only for that moment. The full weight of his emotions had come crashing down onto him almost immediately after it was over.And now, as he realized what he'd said and who he'd said it in front of, Alec fought back the blush that began to heat up his face. He pointedly avoided looking in the direction of his sister, Clary or Lydia. He could practically feel their eyes burning into his skin and they no doubt knew exactly what his words implied. Magnus’ face twisted, his brows pulled down as though he was struggling to comprehend what Alec had just said. Alec found it somewhat endearing, even if Magnus’ adamant insistence that they shouldn’t have followed him to Edom was beginning to irritate him.“Is this really the right time?” Catarina asked, to no one in particular, “There seems to be more important issues at hand.”Magnus ignored her. “Why would you do that?” He asked, still looking at Alec, though his words came out as more of a demand, “Why would you  end  your  engagement?” Ragnor sighed heavily and leaned back against the wall with his head in his hands. Alec chose to ignore him. Despite all that he’d felt after his talk with Aline and all that he felt  now,  he still hesitated in answering Magnus’ question.He had not had time to sit with his emotions since Aline's and really think anything through. He didn’t know if what he felt for Magnus was actually what he thought it was, or if he was just consumed with the newness of this feeling of freedom from the life he’d had before. Magnus  was that freedom -or at least, he was the thing that had started it- but could he be more than that? Alec had never been in love before. He had nothing to compare this too, nothing to grasp at other than his own emotions, and he never trusted his emotions less than whenever he was around Magnus. And after everything that had happened between the two of them...Alec didn’t know how to even begin approaching any of this. “I-”A sound at the door cut him off. Everyone in the room was on high alert within the next second, Alec reaching behind himself for his bow, everyone else pulling at their own weapons. He nocked an arrow into place and pulled it tight just as the barricades at the door began to shift. They appeared to be moving on their own, but at this point Alec had seen things that were far stranger and didn’t even think twice about it. The door opened, slowly, and revealed a woman standing on the other side. Brown skin, dark hair, wearing a beautifully tailored white dress tied at the waist with a silver ribbon. The only thing that set her apart was the color of her eyes, which were not gold but a dark shade of brown, but even with that small distinction and the fact that Alec had never seen so much as a portrait of her, it was impossible to not know immediately who she was.Behind him, Ragnor made a choked off, startled sound in recognition of his own.Magnus had gone completely still. Standing in front of Alec, he was as rigid as a statue as the woman’s eyes moved right over everyone else in the room and landed on Magnus, her son, instead.The woman at the door was Anisa Bane. The woman at the door was Magnus’ mother.Magnus felt like all the air in the room had been sucked right out of it. He felt dizzy, and suddenly the exhaustion that had been threatening to overtake him since his first attempt at opening the portal was back with full force. A terrible mixture of emotions passed through him: fear and shock and confusion all mingling together and leaving him wanting nothing more than to lie down, close his eyes, and hopefully be free of whatever nightmare he’d just walked into.Because whatever he had expected to find when he entered Edom- his mother, alive, was not one of them. Magnus didn’t take his eyes off of Anisa- he couldn’t bring himself to for fear that if he did, she would be gone when he looked back. He’d spent almost seventeen years tormented by the memory of his mother's face, trying in vain as the years went by to not forget what she’d looked like when she’d been alive. It was the worst part of losing someone, he’d come to realize; waking up one day and realizing that your memories of them had slowly begun to fade into nothing and knowing there was nothing you could do about it.Anisa was looking at him as though she was thinking the exact same thing. She took a small step further into the room, and Magnus fought back the urge he had to move away from her. He desperately wanted to look for Ragnor, the only other person here who would fully understand the gravity of this moment, but he couldn’t look away. It was surreal and slightly terrifying, seeing Anisa there as a living, breathing person. “Magnus.”  Anisa said, her voice carrying the soothing lilt that Magnus had heard so many times as a young child, “My Magnus.” The words clutched at his heart, squeezing so tight he was sure it would break. He almost wished that it did.“You have no idea how long I’ve waited to see you again, my love.” Anisa said, walking closer to him. There was something eerie and not quite human in the way she moved. Her dress was long and obscured any view of her feet, and it gave off the impression that she wasn’t actually walking but rather gliding through the air. Magnus, who had still not found his voice, only managed a stare.Anisa didn’t seem to mind. She smiled gently, “Come with me. We must get you ready.”A voice spoke from Magnus’ side,  “Ready?” He turned. He’d almost forgotten that there were other people in the room with them. Alec’s eyes were sharp and focused in Anisa’s direction, every line of his body proclaiming his lack of trust in her. Distantly, Magnus felt himself taking offense to Alec’s reaction, even though he knew that Alec was right to be wary of this. “Ready for what?” Ragnor asked, his voice wobbling slightly, “Where are you taking him?”“Ragnor!” Anisa said sweetly, turning to the other man, “It's been so long- I thought I would never see you again."Ragnor drew himself up stiffly, "Yes. I admit that I thought the same. That's typically what you expect when someone dies."Anisa’s smile fell for a fraction of a second, something much darker passing over her features before she plastered another one onto her face. The small crack in her display was enough to snap Magnus out of his stupor, at least momentarily."My husband didn’t tell me that we would be having guests.” She said, ignoring what Ragnor had said entirely. Alarm shot through Magnus at the mention of Asmodeus, “My father is here?”He said it at the same time that Ragnor said, with poorly disguised horror,  “Your husband?” Magnus understood his reaction. He’d never heard Anisa refer to Asmodeus that way before. She’d never had much affection for him at all.“Of course he’s here.” Anisa said with a small laugh, as though they’d asked a rather silly question, “Where else would he be? Unfortunately, I can’t take the rest of you with me. Only Magnus, for now!”Someone gripped Magnus firmly by the wrist, and he turned to find Alec watching him with a warning clear in his eyes, “Magnus, I don’t think-”“Hurry with your goodbyes now, darling.” Anisa said, cutting Alec off. She was watching them both intently, though Magnus couldn't figure out what she was thinking, “We don’t want to be late.”“Magnus.” Ragnor said. Magnus hesitated. Ragnor shook his head, ever so slightly, and Magnus heard the words he didn't  -couldn't- say out loud.Torn, Magnus pulled his hand away from Alec. He remembered, suddenly, what Alec had said about his engagement, and Magnus wanted nothing more than to stay here with him, and everyone else. But he knew that he couldn’t. “I have to go.” He said.It was true- he  did  have to go, but the look on Alec’s face as he saw the resolve in Magnus’ eyes still hurt so badly it was almost unbearable. Ragnor fell back as well, though it was obvious that he didn’t want to. Alec jerked his head in a reluctant nod. “Please. Stay safe.” He said,  “Come back.” Magnus hated that he couldn't promise he would. He walked over to Anisa and accepted her outstretched hand. Her skin was as cold as Elias’ had been when Magnus had touched him in Catarina’s cottage. She gave him a bright smile as she led him out of the room, and Magnus tried not to focus on the pained expression on Catarina’s face or the worry on Ragnor’s. Even Lydia looked skeptical about letting Magnus go, her eyes darting nervously from Magnus to Alec, mirroring the expression that Isabelle and Clary wore.But Magnus had to go. Asmodeus was his father and this was his fight, whatever awaited him outside this room. So he went, following Anisa’s lead, and pushed everything else out of his mind.They walked up a flight of stairs. Floating orbs of what looked like fire illuminated their surroundings in shades of red and orange, starkly different from the clean white glow of witchlight that Magnus had gotten used to in Idris. The building was carved of dark stone, and when they got to the top of the stairs there was a large, open window that caught Magnus’ attention. Anisa, realizing this, drew them to a stop with an indulgent smile.“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” She asked, and Magnus could feel her eyes on him as he moved closer, feeling as if he was caught in a trance. They were high above the ground, much higher than Magnus would have guessed, in what he assumed was a fortress of some sort. Water was spread out before them and gentle waves crashed against the tall walls. High mountains with trees scattered along their base surrounded the building. The moon was high in the sky, and Magnus wondered if time worked in Edom the same as it did in Idris as he took in the silvery reflection dancing against the water.Anisa nudged him gently, “The view from your room is even better. I made sure of it.”“My room?” Magnus asked, tearing his eyes away from the outside, “I have a room?”“With a view of the city.” Anisa said, and Magnus could see that she was very pleased with herself for having ensured this, and expected Magnus to be as well. Her eyes were bright as she reached out for his hand again, but this time Magnus pulled away before she could take it. “Where’s Asmodeus?” He asked, and the words came out with more force than he’d intended them to. Anisa didn’t lower her hand.“We’ll go to him soon.” She said patiently, “You have to see your room first.” Magnus took a deep breath, “I want to see him now. Do you know where he is?” Whatever sick game Asmodeus was playing at, Magnus was already tired of it. Anisa shook her head, but it wasn’t a response to his question. Her brows were creased as though she couldn’t quite comprehend what Magnus was asking of her. Something was wrong.  Very  wrong. And Magnus needed to get both himself and Alec and everyone else the fuck out of this place as soon as possible. Reluctantly, but knowing that there was no other way to win Asmodeus’ game than to just play along for however long he wanted it, Magnus forced himself to return Anisa’s smile.“Okay.” He said, swallowing his apprehension, “I’d love to see my room.”Magnus wasn’t sure what he’d been expecting, but the lavishly decorated bedroom that Anisa took him to was not it. Worst of all, he realized as he stepped into it, it was decorated to his own personal tastes. It was exactly the kind of room that Magnus might have chosen for himself, a similar but not exact replication of the one he had in Brocelind. Most of the space was occupied by a massive four poster bed with black, almost sheer curtains hanging around it. At the sight of the bed, Magnus remembered how exhausted he’d been after opening the portal. He flexed his fingers and called his magic forward experimentally- none of that exhaustion was present now. If he felt anything at all when he reached out for his magic, Magnus realized it was only the exact opposite of depletion. He felt perfectly fine, if not better.And as he wandered further into the room, stalling for time as his hands glided across the furniture, he also realized that his mother had been right: the view from this room  was spectacular. There were doors that opened out to a balcony, and Magnus was hesitant even as he carefully stepped out onto it. They were on the other side of the building now, but water was still visible below them and Magnus realized they were most likely surrounded by a moat. There was a drawbridge a little further up, and Magnus could see that it led across the water and into a wide courtyard. Large, jagged rocks lined the bottom of the walls, and on the other side of the water Magnus could see the remains of what had once been the city of Edom. The same flaming lights that illuminated the inside of the building were in use across the city. Towering buildings reached up towards the night sky, most having fallen into disrepair from lack of use but no less stunning to witness. He could almost picture it all as it had once been, what Edom had looked like when people had actually lived here, moving through the streets freely, practicing magic as they wished, living their lives openly rather than in hiding...Magnus turned back around and slammed the doors behind him. He couldn’t do this. “One day,” Anisa said, “This will all be ours. We’ll have a  home,  and we can all be happy together, all three of us.”
   All three of us. 
The words were about as comforting to hear as if someone had doused iced water over his naked body. Magnus stared at his mother, filled with more hopelessness and despair than he’d ever felt in his life. As a child, he’d wished for this. A chance to see her again, to feel her arms around him in a hug, to know that she was alive and safe and back with him. And in his most desperate dreams, he’d wished they could be happy together,  all three of them. But this… “Is it really you?” He asked, “Tell me the truth. Tell me that it’s you.”He wanted to believe it, because to have anything else be the truth was so unimaginably horrible that Magnus didn’t think he could survive it. Anisa tilted her head to the side, the way she used to do when younger Magnus did or said something that she'd found amusing. “Of course it’s me, my love.” She said. She walked over to him and cradled his face in the palm of her ice-cold hand. Magnus, despite himself, could not help but lean into it. His throat felt tight. “I’m me, and you’re you, and we’re all together now.” said Anisa, “Now do get freshened up. Someone will come to collect you shortly.”Less than an hour later, Magnus stood in front of a large, gold framed mirror. He’d taken a bath, as he’d been instructed to do, and found the clothes that Anisa had left him in the bedroom's ornate wardrobe. He was dressed in an elegant white suit, each piece having magically adjusted itself to his size the moment he’d put them on. Still, Magnus felt restricted. His  Keris  was gripped tightly in his hand- he hadn’t put it down since he’d arrived in Edom, and he had no intention of leaving it behind now even though it would mean leaving it visible to anyone who saw him. He remembered what Ragnor had said, that Asmodeus could not hurt him so long as the  Keris was in Magnus’ possession, and he allowed that small assurance to work at calming his racing nerves.Not that it was doing him much good. Magnus’ thoughts were with Alexander and the fact that he had left  him  behind. More than anything, Magnus wished he could go back to that room, if just to see for a second and assure himself that Alec and everyone else was okay. He was the who'd dragged them into this mess. But he’d already tried the bedroom door- it was sealed shut, and not even his magic could open it. Asmodeus might have decorated his cell, but Magnus knew he was nothing more than a prisoner in this building. Almost as if they’d heard him thinking about it, a heavy knock came at the door right that second. Magnus stared at it bleakly, and then back at his reflection in the mirror.  He still looked like himself,  which was also assuring, though there was something undeniably different about the person looking back at him that Magnus couldn’t figure out. He knew, logically, that it could only be his imagination, but it still unsettled him more than he was willing to admit.The knock at the door came again. With a sigh, Magnus fastened his  Keris to its usual place, strapped on the inside of his jacket, and resigned himself to whatever came next.Years of disuse had left the fortress in a similar state to what Magnus had seen of the rest of Edom. There were cracks running along its inner walls where the stone had split, and vines that had grown up the side of the building now snaked their way in through the windows. There was a fine layer of dust coating much of the furniture, though the room that Magnus was eventually led into was just as impeccably cleaned and beautifully decorated as his bedroom. It was a dining room, a large table at its center taking up most of the space. Four people sat around it, and Magnus breathed a small sigh of relief to recognize two of them.
   Ragnor and Catarina. 
It only lasted a split second, however, before his thoughts spiraled from relief and into dread. Ragnor and Catarina were here- where were the others?Asmodeus sat at the head of the table, and his grin turned slightly feral at the sight of Magnus. He wore white as well, and a coronet twisted of barbed wire was fixed atop his head. The door closed behind Magnus with a deafening thud and Magnus desperately wanted to reach for his  Keris  at the sound of it, but he forced his hands to remain where they were at his sides. His gaze moved over to his mother, the only other person in the room, who had not yet looked up at him or given any indication that she was even aware of his presence. Her head was bowed, her eyes opened but staring unseeingly at her hands which laid tightly clasped in her lap. Ragnor and Catarina sat next to each other, but neither of them said anything at all to him as Magnus approached. “What’s wrong with them?” Magnus demanded. Neither of them looked injured, and there were no visible signs of distress to be found in their expression. Ragnor looked slightly annoyed- but that was just his usual demeanor. “I saw no good reason why warlocks with so much potential should go to waste in a cell.” Asmodeus said, “I did, however, need to use a small spell to keep them quiet. That one-” He pointed to Ragnor, “Called me a particularly unflattering word.”Ragnor smiled tightly. It didn’t meet his eyes.Magnus grinded his teeth together as he made his way over to the available seat at the other end of the table, “Where are the others?”“I have no use for them.” Asmodeus said simply, “Not yet.”Magnus didn’t like the sound of that, “What did you do to them?”“I did not harm them. They remain where you left them and they have been fed. Let no one say I am not a gracious host.”“I was unaware that we had guards in Edom.” Magnus quipped, recalling the man that had brought him here. He eyed the empty plates, “Do we have chefs too?”Asmodeus laughed, though there was no humor in the sound. “There are many warlocks who would happily pledge their allegiance to us, if they knew of our goal. Those that I have brought with me are the ones that already did so.”Magnus’ eyes narrowed, “And they came  willingly?”  Asmodeus raised a brow, “They gave me their allegiance willingly, yes.” Magnus turned to where his mother sat, “And what about her?”“You do not seem happy to see her.” Asmodeus mused. He gripped the chalice in front of him, and Magnus watched as the cup was filled from the bottom up. It was wine, he knew, but the red liquid bore a despairing resemblance to blood. Magnus tore his eyes away from it, and returned his gaze to his mother. She had no reaction at all to being discussed like this.Magnus glanced at Ragnor, who looked just as hopeless as Magnus felt.“Should I be?” “I brought her here for you.” Asmodeus said, “So it would be nice to have your gratitude.” Catarina stiffened, as did Magnus. He’d known, of course he’d known, but the confirmation that Asmodeus had upended the fabric of their reality yet again by bringing his mother back from the dead just to have her suffer underneath him left Magnus with an unpleasant feeling in his gut. He tried not to let it show, and was certain that he failed. “I do not understand why you resist me so insistently.” said his father, “All of this is for you, just as much as it is for me. One day, you will be King of this land and all the land beyond it as well.  I did this for you,  Magnus.”“And what of Idris’ current monarchy? Where do they fit into your plans?”“Is that what this is about? Your Prince?” Asmodeus asked, “It is amusing that you have taken one of Raziel’s children as your lover. They all regard themselves with such imperious righteousness,  the children of the angels,  and none more so than their Kings. They are, in their own minds, the purest of the pure, descended from none other than Jonathan Shadowhunter himself; Raziel’s Chosen One. But they are not as immune to temptations as they would like to think, are they? I see that you have had the chance to discover that on your own, my son. What is the saying?  The higher they are, the more completely shattered when they fall.  I had my concerns when I first learned of it, but now I see the truth. You have earned yourself my admiration in this. I am pleased with you.” Magnus bowed his head, and refused to look at Ragnor and Catarina’s reactions to his father’s words. He had confessed this to Alec already, but hearing the sentiment repeated by Asmodeus was far worse. It confirmed his worst fears, the thoughts that had plagued him each night of his life: that he was exactly like his father, no matter how much he wanted to believe otherwise. “To answer your question however,” Asmodeus continued, “I believe that a public execution will suffice as punishment for the royal family.” Catarina made a startled sound just as Magnus’ head snapped up, but his response was cut off by Asmodeus raising a hand. Despite the cruelty of his words, Asmodeus sounded almost bored as he conceded, “I will of course allow you to keep your Prince. You can bind him to your own magic and keep him under your control. Or-”Asmodeus raised a thoughtful brow, his lips pulling back in a slow smile, “Or perhaps his resistance will be part of his appeal. Challenges are always so fun, are they not?”Ragnor looked murderous, and Magnus was about to be sick. “And what of his brother? The one you took?” Magnus asked, desperate to divert the conversation away from Alexander. He'd not given much thought to Jace this entire time but now he found himself desperately hoping that Alexander's brother was okay. “Is he here?” Asmodeus looked confused, “I did not take any of the royal children.” “Am I meant to believe you?”“I have no reason to lie to you, my son.” He said, “I had no reason to take anyone else. You have already given me more than enough leverage over the royal family. As long as I have you, I have their heir, their most important child.” But you don’t have me,  Magnus wanted to point out,  and as long as I live you won’t touch Alexander. The thought of his father being anywhere near Alec was revolting. The thought of his father using  Alec for any purpose made Magnus want to burn the whole of Edom to the ground. Asmodeus however, for all of his many faults, did not lie. He omitted truths, warped his words into what he wanted you to believe, but never outright lied. He didn’t have Jace. “Are you not hungry?” Asmodeus asked casually. Magnus snapped back into awareness. He looked down at his plate and was only mildly surprised to find that food had appeared on it. He had no appetite for any of it. “Now,” Asmodeus said, “I have had enough of this banal conversation. We have much more important things to do tonight.”Asmodeus snapped his fingers once and Anisa jolted as though she’d been struck by lightning, a strangled gasp pulled out of her throat. Her hands flew up, roughly gripping the edge of the table as she gave a violent shudder.  “Anisa.” Ragnor said, jumping to his feet and rushing over to her. Apparently, Asmodeus had released Ragnor and Catarina from their spell as well. Ragnor held Anisa by her shoulders and steadied her as she sat up. Magnus sat frozen in his seat, unable to make himself move even an inch.“What have you done to her?” Catarina demanded, but Magnus already knew the answer to that. And going off of the look on Ragnor’s face, he had figured it out as well. Anisa released her grip on the table and raised her head, smiling brightly as her eyes landed on Magnus.“Magnus, darling!” She said, entirely composed, completely unaware of anything that had just happened, “You’ve made it down!” “Isn’t this nice.” Asmodeus said with a smile, “The three of us. Together.” “Don’t forget our guests!” Anisa said. She smiled up at Ragnor, who seemed to be contemplating the merits of striking Asmodeus down right where he sat. Magnus wouldn’t stop him if he tried.Anisa reached across the table to gently squeeze Asmodeus’ hand, “Thank you for making this possible for our family.”Magnus, Catarina, and Ragnor stared at her in horror. With a sinking feeling in his chest, Magnus recalled what Ragnor had revealed to him just a few hours ago.The Keris  had saved Anisa that first time, breaking Asmodeus' spell on her and freeing her from his control. But she had died. She no longer had its magic to protect her.“Let us eat.” Asmodeus said, looking around the table, “There is still much to be discussed.”“What if they win?” Clary asked.Alec raised his head to look at her. The faint glow of Lydia’s witchlight was the only source of lighting they had in the otherwise pitch black room, and she’d placed it down close to where they were all huddled together at the furthest end. Alec was the only one on his feet, his back pressed against the wall, looking like he would collapse if it wasn’t there to hold him up. He frowned at Clary’s question, but Isabelle was the one who answered: “Maybe they should.”“You don’t really mean that.” Lydia said, unable to help herself. She’d half forgotten, given everything else that had happened since, that she and Isabelle hadn’t ended on a good note the last time they were alone. Isabelle clearly  hadn’t  forgotten- her shoulder’s tensed, but she didn’t even glance in Lydia’s direction.“After everything that happened,” She said quietly, “After everything Idris did… Tessa told me that I had to choose what to do with everything I learnt in the Silent City. This is what I choose. Idris fucked up, and maybe someone has to pay the price for that.” “We can’t blame ourselves for something we knew nothing about.” Alec said, and Lydia wondered from his tone how much he believed himself when he said those words. She understood that he and Isabelle both felt guilty about Idris’ role in the Great War, but what Alec had said was right, wasn’t it? Why should they shoulder that guilt when they’d only learnt the truth a few days ago? Why were they the ones locked in this cell when Michael and Robert were the ones who’d lied and manipulated everyone?Isabelle took a deep breath, “I just hate that they made us complicit. They made us a part of the lie too, and now we’re just as guilty.”Lydia looked away. She understood that more than she could say out loud.Magnus walked with Anisa’s arm in his, both of them trailing behind Asmodeus as he led them down a cobblestone road and away from the fortress. They’d finished dinner in silence, and Asmodeus had ordered Ragnor and Catarina to be taken away once they were done. Magnus had stared after them despairingly, knowing that things would only end badly for all of them if he dared to argue against his father’s orders. He’d underestimated how grateful he’d been for Ragnor and Catarina’s presence and now that they were gone, he felt like a layer of his protection against Asmodeus had been stripped away. It had also been easier, Magnus felt, to process Anisa being alive when Ragnor was there to share the experience.Asmodeus had sworn not to hurt either Ragnor or Catarina so long as they continued to be agreeable to his demands, but Magnus didn’t trust his father not to go back on his word any more than he trusted Ragnor not to suddenly snap and attack Asmodeus. He’d spent most of dinner silently pleading with Ragnor to play nice through subtle glances in the man’s direction- they couldn’t act out, not yet, not when they had no idea of what Asmodeus was capable of. Anisa had not left Magnus’ side for the entire walk. She clung to him as though she was afraid to let him go, and Magnus wondered if there was some remnant of his mother that recognized him and knew the truth of their situation, locked away and just as afraid as Magnus was, but unable to fully push past Asmodeus’ magic. It made Magnus want to protect her. After all, the only reason for any of this was because Magnus had the Keris.  He’d taken away her only protection.They walked through the dark ruins of the city, and Magnus looked around with a mixture of disbelief and awe, still unable to fully comprehend that this was  Edom.  He was walking through a place that had only ever existed in his imagination, and there was something sobering about the experience of actually being here. Finally they diverted off of the path, and Asmodeus led them up a short dirt trail that was overgrown with barren trees. Two giant pillars rose up out of the ground, and Magnus sucked in a sharp breath as he noticed the symbol that was carved into them. He’d seen that symbol before, in a few of his oldest books, and suddenly it was very clear to him why Asmodeus had only wanted  him  there. 
   They were at the Spiral Labyrinth. 
Magnus stopped walking. He felt cold. “Why did you bring me here?” Asmodeus looked back at him, “I sense you still have reservations about joining me. I am going to allow you to experience the power of the labyrinth so that you may know for yourself what awaits you when you do.”He spoke matter-of-factly, as though there was no doubt in his mind that Magnus would choose him and this life that he was proposing. And for one twisted moment, Magnus could almost envision it: he could have all of this, not just Edom but the rest of Idris as well, rule alongside his father as a King, have all the magic in the world, whatever he desired, at the tip of his fingers. 
   And he wouldn’t even have to give up Alexander to do it. 
“You already feel it, don’t you?” Asmodeus asked quietly, “From the moment you arrived in Edom that power has surrounded you. It will only get stronger from this point if you allow it to. We do not exhaust ourselves here when we call upon our abilities. Edom  is  magic; it runs through the soil and across the sky. If you join me, Magnus, together we can spread its influence throughout all of Idris. There will be no stopping us if we work together.”Magnus said nothing. Asmodeus’ eyes gleamed. He stalked forward and Magnus felt himself tense up, but Asmodeus only reached out to take hold of Anisa’s hand. He pried it from Magnus’ arm and Magnus watched silently as he led her over to one of the pillars, wanting nothing more than to take her back and carry her somewhere far away from here. Anisa did not move or say anything to either of them as Asmodeus waved his free hand and made a silver blade appear between his fingers. She only watched his actions curiously, tilting her head to the side, and Magnus only barely stopped himself from screaming at Asmodeus to stop. He moved closer to them, forcing his throat to work as he asked, “What are you doing?” “The Labyrinth requires a sacrifice of magical blood to appear.” Asmodeus replied.Before Magnus could react to his words, Asmodeus had brought the blade to Anisa’s wrist and cut a neat, thin line across it. Anisa didn’t even flinch as Asmodeus pressed her wrist against both of the pillars.“And where is the Spiral Council?” Magnus asked, his heart beating fast through his chest, “You said that the only warlocks here are the ones who swore their loyalty to you.”Asmodeus released Anisa’s arm. She turned silently and made her way back over to Magnus. She smiled up at him, entirely unaffected by the blood dripping over her white dress. It was a familiar sight, a terrible reminder of the worst night of Magnus’ life, and he forced himself to look away away from it. He took hold of her arm, ignoring the feeling of barbed wire pressing against his heart as he looked at the cut, and quickly healed it with a simple spell.Anisa touched his face lightly, “My hero. Thank you.”Asmodeus watched their interaction as though it brought him great amusement, and Magnus only barely recalled his fury back to manageable levels at the sight of his father’s smug expression. He was mercifully distracted by the space in between the pillars starting to move, a dull glow emanating from the area. It didn’t look like the portal Magnus had opened, with its shimmering, water-like surface. This one was translucent, allowing him to see through but distorting the image on the other side into something barely recognizable.“After you.” Asmodeus said entreatingly, beckoning his son forward. Anisa’s grip on Magnus’ arm tightened, but she leaned in closer to him and said in a soothing voice, “There’s no reason to be scared, darling.” Magnus disagreed, but he didn’t say that out loud. It had not escaped him that Asmodeus hadn’t given a response to his question about the Spiral Council, and he knew what that meant.They were dead. Asmodeus had killed them, no doubt because they’d refused to side with him. If Asmodeus was capable of killing the oldest and most powerful warlocks in all of history, then what would he do to Magnus?Steeling himself, Magnus walked forward.
  
    Chapter Text
    “So,” Magnus said as he emerged on the other side of the barrier, standing at what appeared to be the opening of a very large maze formed by the towering walls of the building they were in.He looked back at his father, “Whoever built this place seemed to take the word ‘labyrinth’  literally.”Asmodeus had come through the barrier after Magnus and Anisa, just in time for Magnus to turn around and see him. The room had no door and the wall that Asmodeus stepped through was solid; there was nothing at all to show that the barrier even existed. Asmodeus came up behind him and placed a hand on Magnus’ shoulder. Magnus only barely repressed his flinch.“You will have much time to learn your way, my son. The labyrinth is filled with wonders beyond what your mind can conjure up.” He said, “As for right now, there is only one room you need to be acquainted with.”The hallways of the labyrinth were long, winding arcs, each one branching out into an indiscernible angle. Magnus let Asmodeus guide him down one of them, looking around in wonder at his surroundings. There were no doors on any of these walls either, but numerous bookshelves that stretched up towards the ceiling. The books in the shelves had no words written on their spines, adding to their mystery, and Magnus ached to get his hands on at least one of them.Eventually, Asmodeus stopped in a seemingly unassuming spot and looked back at them. Acting on reflex, Magnus’ grip on Anisa’s arm tightened. The corner of Asmodeus’ mouth turned up, “There is no need for blood to be shed here. The knowledge of what lies beyond will be enough.” He raised his hand and pressed it against the wall, palm flat to its surface. Dark lines began to spread in the blood-red, foreboding color of Asmodeus’ magic. It formed a swirling shape that ran across the entire surface like bolts of lightning embedded into the concrete. Where the lines ran across, the wall began to crack and split apart until another portal appeared before them. Anisa made a soft sound under her breath as it grew wider and clearer.Asmodeus didn’t wait for them this time; he stepped through the wall and disappeared onto the other side. Magnus held his breath as he and his mother followed. They stepped out onto a platform, and it was only Anisa walking right behind him that prevented Magnus from jolting himself back where he’d come from. The ground underneath his feet was not solid but a thin layer of black glass. He could see right through it, and he could see the bottomless abyss that he would fall into should the glass decide to break.Magnus spun around, but the wall he’d passed through had disappeared. The room seemed to stretch on forever, its end disappearing into darkness.“What is this?” Magnus demanded.Asmodeus walked a little distance ahead of him, and Magnus looked up to see the platform give way to a spiraling staircase. Tentatively, he took a small step forward. The glass floor even  felt thin.“You will not fall.” Asmodeus said calmly, “It is only an illusion.”“An  illusion?” Asmodeus smiled, and began to walk down the staircase. Magnus swore under his breath and, holding Anisa’s hand, forced himself to walk forward. The staircase was easier to navigate, and he followed his father down until he began to see the end of it. The room that they were deposited into was small and circular in shape, but its roof was made entirely of glass and Magnus could see what looked like stars through it- shards of silver amongst a sea of nothing. The layout of the labyrinth threatened to give him a headache, and Magnus resolved not to think too much about it. It was a magical building, he told himself, and magic was nothing if not determined to fuck with your head.Asmodeus stood in the middle of the room, and next to him was an altar. On it was a book that Magnus recognized instantly. He would have known it even without the auror of dark magic that leaked off of it in waves, so strong it almost stifled him.“The grimoire?”Asmodeus stood tall, looking immeasurably proud of himself as he placed a hand on top of the book, “It is finally complete. My life’s work has finally come to fruition.”“And you’ve really just… showed me how to find it?” Magnus asked, eyeing the book skeptically.Asmodeus smiled, glancing down to where Magnus had his  Keris,  “All of the magic within the Spiral Labyrinth protects this grimoire. I do not worry that you can attempt to destroy it without destroying yourself in the process.” “And what exactly is it?” Magnus asked, trying to keep his tone level, “Is it a spell book? Many of those exist.”“None quite like this.” Asmodeus replied, a fanatic glint in his eyes, “This book contains magic beyond which most warlocks today are even aware of. It is the culmination of practices that have long been lost to us, ancient spells that I have spent my life perfecting-”“Like necromancy.” Magnus interrupted, unable to help himself. He thought of Elias, and shut away the pain that came with it.Asmodeus smiled, “I meant to ask, where is the boy?” “He’s dead.” said Magnus, “He lost control of his magic and died.”He had omitted several truths, but he found it wise to not let his father know that  Alec had been the one to kill him; his father’s fascination with Alec was bad enough as it was.To his credit, Asmodeus seemed genuinely surprised to hear this, though the flicker of emotion lasted only a second before it was gone again, “I am sorry to hear that. I had grown to be quite fond of him.”“Is that why you tortured him for all those years?” Magnus asked, recoiling at the harshness of his own words. Showing  any  emotion around Asmodeus was a dangerous game and he’d not intended to lash out like that, but the reminder of Elias and his father’s dismissive tone as he discussed him, as though he hadn’t done anything worthy of remorse or guilt,  made Magnus want to lash out. Asmodeus watched him carefully, “He was a necessary part of our plans. Some sacrifice was inevitable.”“He was a  child.” Magnus said desperately, “He didn’t need to be the sacrifice.” “He paid the price for his parent’s insubordination.” Asmodeus said, “If they had not delayed in giving me the information I asked for, there would have been no need to take the boy away from them.” “And where are his parents? What did you do with them?”  Did you kill them like you killed the Spiral Council? Like you killed everyone else who disagreed with you? Asmodeus sighed, “Does it really matter?”Magnus only watched him. He did not trust his own voice; if he opened his mouth to speak, he had no idea what would come out of it, but he needed Asmodeus to tell him what had happened. He’d promised Elias he would find out, and he intended to keep that promise even now.Asmodeus looked back down at the grimoire. “They are dead.” He said after a while, “They refused to tell me what they knew, no matter what I did. They said that they would rather die than help me. They could not see that I was only doing what was best for warlocks everywhere- that I was trying to help  them. The more I pushed them, the more they refused. Their minds became so destroyed that they were no longer of any use to me. I doubted they remembered even their own names by that time, much less the information I required. I showed them mercy by ending their lives.” Mercy,  Magnus thought. He didn’t think his father knew the meaning of the word  mercy. “And what about Elias?” He asked, “What did they say about him?”Asmodeus returned his gaze to him. His eyes were bleak, empty pits with no emotion to be found in them, and suddenly Magnus remembered what Ragnor had said to him when he first saw him:  You might have your father’s eyes, but everything within them is your mother’s. Magnus had resisted believing it when he’d heard it. He’d spent so long telling himself that Asmodeus had thoroughly succeeded in breaking him, so much that there was nothing  good  left to salvage. Any statements to the contrary had always seemed impossible. But Asmodeus was cold to the point that he no longer seemed human, and Magnus couldn’t help but wonder  -hope-  that he had not yet reached that point himself.“Everyone makes sacrifices for the things that they believe in, Magnus.” said Asmodeus, in a diplomatic sort of voice, “No matter how difficult or how challenging. Some things are worth sacrificing everything.”Magnus turned away. When Asmodeus spoke again, his voice was much closer, “You do not yet know your true potential, Magnus. Let me show it to you. Join me. I do not wish to harm you. I want you to choose this willingly.”Magnus called his magic forward, felt it flow through his body and up to his fingertips. Asmodeus had been right- his magic  was amplified in Edom, and especially in the labyrinth. Magnus could feel it stronger than it had ever been before.“I wouldn’t do that, if I were you.” Asmodeus said, sounding mildly humored, “If anything happens to me, you leave your Prince at the mercy of every other warlock here. You are invincible, but he is not, and you can only imagine how often I have already had to stop my warlocks paying him a visit of their own.”The words were a terrifying prospect, and the truth to them was enough to make Magnus clench his fists and force his magic to simmer back down. “So that’s your plan?” He asked stiffly, “Threaten the people I care about so that I do what you say? The same thing you did with my mother?”Anisa was standing off to the side where Asmodeus had left her. She stared at them both with wide eyes,  but not even the smallest hint of awareness was in them. It hurt Magnus’ heart to see, and he’d been avoiding looking in her direction the entire time.“You can always refuse me.” Asmodeus said, “You can run and find somewhere to hide again, safe in the knowledge that your  Keris  will protect you. Your Prince will most likely die a horrible death, as will all your other friends, and I will go on to carry out my plans and rule alone. I am, however, offering you the alternative.”“How generous of you.” Magnus said. And still, he considered the possibility of running anyway. Perhaps, somehow, he could find a way to steal Alec away too and run with him. The two of them could go somewhere safe, far away from Idris, where they could be alone and undisturbed while Asmodeus did whatever he felt he had to do.Magnus had always toyed with the idea before, of having Alec all to himself, and here he had the opportunity to turn that into a reality. But he knew that Alec would hate him for it. Magnus could choose that, but that would mean giving in to the parts of himself that were just like Asmodeus. He remembered the guilt and self-hatred that had consumed him when Alec came to find him in that cell in Alicante, and the way he’d barely been able to stand the sight of himself after using his magic on Alec the way he had that night in Brocelind. He remembered the lies that he’d told, the ones he was  still telling, and every word he’d said that’d been meant to cut Alec down and push him away. The tips of his fingers brushed over the hilt of his  Keris,  glancing at Anisa once again. His hands were tied, and Asmodeus knew it.His father smiled.The slabs at the door began to move again, and everyone in the room clambered to their feet. No one had come down here since Ragnor and Catarina left and it had started to feel as though they'd been waiting forever. There was no external light in this room to clue them in as to what was going on outside and no sound made its way in to meet them. It didn’t help that none of them were even entirely sure  what  they were waiting on. Alec had no idea what to expect when Magnus returned-  if  he ever returned. For all that Alec knew, Magnus was perfectly content to leave them all down there until they eventually died.And Magnus dying would mean that there was nothing standing in the way of Asmodeus doing as he pleased with Alec.And Isabelle, Clary, and Lydia. Stop it,  he told himself. Magnus wouldn’t leave them in there undefended, and Asmodeus wouldn’t hurt the son he’d gone to such great lengths to have at his side. And even if any of that  did  happen, Magnus had warned them to stay away. Alec had stepped through that portal entirely of his own violation. Didn’t that mean he shared at least some of the responsibility for what happened to himself while he was here? He’d always maintained that he didn’t trust Magnus and Alec still felt as though he believed those words, but how true could that actually be? Wasn’t there a certain level of trust that was necessary to follow someone to another dimension? To  trust that they would return to save you? Alec had been thinking about that when the door began to open. He drew his bow closer to him with an arrow already in place and pointed towards the unannounced visitor. Lydia was at his side in an instant, her sword raised.  It could just be Magnus, he told himself, Magnus was here. Magnus had come back-The door was pushed open, and Alec let out an audible breath when the first person that came into his view was indeed the one he’d been hoping for.“Magnus.” He said, dropping his hand. His relief was short-lived. Magnus stepped aside, and Alec realized quickly that he wasn’t alone. Asmodeus stood beside his son, tall and glowering like a shadow, and Anisa was right behind them, looking on at the scene before her with keen interest.Alec watched Magnus and realized immediately that something was gravely wrong. Magnus was looking right back at him, but there was something distant in his eyes that hadn’t been there when he’d left. He stood with his shoulders drawn tight and his back straight, looking extremely put together in a crisp white suit-  a family ensemble,  Alec realized as he wryly took in the similar attire of Magnus’ parents. Alec had seen this look on Magnus’ face enough times to know that he was actively trying to avoid showing what he was really thinking, but it scared Alec now more than it ever had before. Magnus was always difficult to read, but if there was ever a time that Alec wished for a direct link to Magnus’ thoughts, it was right now.Magnus walked towards him, and everyone else in the room seemed to fade away. Asmodeus and Anisa waited in the doorway, and Alec couldn’t help but tense up as Magnus reached forward and gripped his chin lightly between his fingers. Magnus turned his head as if inspecting him, and Alec allowed it, trying to get his heart rate back to normal under Magnus’ scrutinizing gaze.“Are you hurt?” Magnus asked softly. The words were gentle, almost caring, but the tone of Magnus’ voice wasn’t reflected at all in his eyes. “No.” Alec answered honestly. They’d spent the entire time waiting and willing the door to open, and now that it had, he wondered if they’d been better off before.“I’m not hurt, Magnus. None of us are.” Alec repeated when Magnus’ eyes narrowed in suspicion. He tried to twist out of Magnus’ hold, but Magnus only increased the force with which he held him. His fingers dug into Alec’s jaw as he held him still.Alec was moving rapidly from  worried  and straight into  terrified,  but he tried not to let it show. Magnus finally eased up his grip and his touch turned tender instead, lightly caressing the side of Alec’s face. It was worse, in some ways, than his brief display of cruelty had been. This was almost too much for Alec to stand.Asmodeus made an impatient sound. “You seem reluctant.” He said, looking at Magnus, “I thought you said that you were in favor of these plans.”Magnus went still, “No, I said that I would go along with them, not that you offered me much of a choice. You’d only kill us both if I refused.”Asmodeus did not refute this, but he didn’t look particularly pleased to hear it. He seemed to hear the resentment in his son’s words. “One day,” He said, not unkindly, “You will see that this is what is best for you. For all of us.” The room was silent for a long moment.“Magnus-” Isabelle started tentatively. Alec heard her take a step forward, “What’s going on?”Magnus ignored her.“I'm only doing this as a last resort.” Magnus continued, his gaze still locked on Alec’s, “Alec is the only thing that will make any of this even slightly bearable and you won’t allow me to keep him unless you know he won’t be a threat to you. I won't give him up as well.” Alec did not like the implication of Magnus’ words. He tore his eyes away from Asmodeus and desperately searched Magnus’ face for something familiar, something to put his mind at ease. He found nothing of the sort.“You don't have to do this.” Alec pleaded, “Whatever this is, we can find another way-” “There is no other way,” Magnus said, and he almost sounded sad, which was the first sign of emotion he’d shown since he’d gotten here and the one that Alec dreaded the most, “It's the only way to keep us both safe.” Some way to keep me safe, Alec wanted to say, “I don't even know what this is."Magnus hesitated. “You said that you were mine.” He said softly, “Did you mean that?”
   I did, of course I did, but not like this. 
“Then that’s all you need to remember.” Magnus said. He released Alec. With a snap of his fingers, Alec’s bow and quiver had disappeared, leaving him entirely defenseless in Magnus’ presence once again. He heard Lydia’s strangled gasp and turned to find that her bow was gone as well, as were the weapons that had been given to Clary and Isabelle.“And the other two?” Asmodeus drawled from the entryway. Alec glared at him.“Leave them to me. I will get Ragnor and Catarina to agree, given enough time.” Magnus said, "We'll go through with the ceremony in the morn-"
  “Wait.”
Alec startled himself when he realized that he'd been the one to speak. Everyone in the room was looking at him, and Asmodeus seemed most bothered by the interruption. Alec squared his jaw. He’d come this far. Whatever was about to happen, the least he could do was get the answers he’d come for.“You killed my mother.” He said, and even now the words hurt him to say out loud.Asmodeus frowned, “I was unaware of her passing. Magnus did not inform me, but I had nothing to do with her death.”“And Jace?” Clary asked from his side, “My- their brother. Where is he?”There was force behind the words, but a desperate kind of hope as well. It made it so much worse when Asmodeus sighed and gave the one response none of them had expected:“As I told my son, your brother is not in my possession.”Clary froze in the spot where she stood, her face crumbling into a look of pure agony as Isabelle stated loudly that Asmodeus must be lyng. Alec felt faint, like the ground was actually about to give out underneath him, and he zeroed in on Asmodeus as confused rage roared to life inside of him.“So then what did you do?” Alec demanded, “You claim to not have Jace, and to not know anything about my mother- I’m starting to think that you’re not as in control as you’d like to believe.” “Alexander.”  Magnus said in a warning tone, but Alec kept his eyes on Asmodeus. Disappointment and anger that he’d come all this way for nothing had begun to fuel him. He couldn’t believe that Jace wasn’t here- because then where the fuck else would he be? If Jace wasn’t here, then the likelihood of him being dead suddenly seemed much higher, and that was the one possibility Alec had been avoiding thinking of since they left Alicante.Asmodeus’ mouth was pressed into a thin line. “My involvement with you and your family ended where matters concerning my son did. You are all but an insignificant part of my plan. Soon, no one will even remember that the Lightwood’s had once ruled over Idris, for there will be no Idris to be ruled over. When Elias spoke of the affection that my son had for you, I knew I needed to intervene. That is why I sent him away with your Guards, and why I created the curse over Alicante that would free him but instill fear in you and your people. I intended to show him the truth, so that he would understand-  Idris always chooses their own. You are not capable of loving him. You are not capable of being what he needs.”Next to him, Magnus bristled. And somehow, Alec found his voice enough to say, “You’re wrong.”Asmodeus released Anisa, stalking towards Alec with a snarl, “Am I? So can you honestly stand there and tell me that you love him? He’s about to strip you of your free will for his own personal amusement. Could you ever love  that?” Cold terror washed over Alec to have his fears confirmed.  Stripped of his free will.  He glanced towards Anisa, who stood in the same spot she’d been the entire time, looking on at the situation with all the interest of a child watching paint dry. Alec’s momentary silence was long enough to give Asmodeus the answer that he’d been looking for. Alec turned to Magnus, wanting to say so many things and finding it within himself to say none of it. It was almost surreal that this was happening. His thoughts were racing, and yet when he looked in Magnus’ direction he immediately drew to a stop. The expression on Magnus’ face was one he’d never seen before, the strangeness of it enough that it took Alec several long seconds to even figure out what it was.And by the time his brain registered it as  hurt, Magnus was already turning away from him and towards Asmodeus. Asmodeus, who stood back with a triumphant air about him, as though he’d just  won  something.“We’re done here.” Magnus said.He left the room without another word.Catarina jumped up the second Magnus entered the room. She and Ragnor had, apparently, not been taken back to any cell but to a room that looked like any regular sitting room. Large couches littered the area, and Magnus locked the door as he came in and reinforced it with magic of his own.“Where in  Lilith’s name  have you been?” Catarina demanded, rushing towards him. Ragnor had been leaning against the wall, his arms folded tightly over his chest, and he eyed Magnus warily as Magnus made a bee-line for the bar cart in the corner. He found his favorite whiskey there -thank fuck for whatever magic his father had been using to spy on him these past two years- and poured himself a glass. “Magnus!” Catarina said from behind him. With a wave of his hand, Magnus magicked two other glasses into existence. He eyed them for a brief moment and then passed them to Catarina and Ragnor.“Magnus,” Ragnor said, though he accepted the glass without a fuss, “Do you plan on telling us where you’ve been the past couple of hours? Where’s your father? Anisa?”“It’s been a long night, my dear cabbage.” Magnus said tiredly, “Right now, the only thing I wish to be concerned about is finishing the rest of this whiskey. Perhaps even the rest of the bottle.” 
   “Cabbage?” 
Magnus ignored his question and continued, “Drink. You too, Catarina.”Catarina shook her head, her brows furrowing and her mouth opening on the start of what was sure to be another argument, but she had not yet touched her glass. Magnus sighed, walking towards her with as much patience as he could find within himself at the moment, “Remember when you promised me that you would have a drink with me? This is that drink. This is me telling you to  please drink the fucking whiskey.  Both of you.”He drained the rest of his glass and slammed it back onto the cart, “We have a lot of talking to do, and none of it’s getting done until both of those glasses are empty.”
  
    Chapter Text
    
   Magnus stood at the center of the familiar room, bathed in the warm golden color of the early morning sun. He had only half expected this to work, and as he closed his eyes and felt the subtle thrum of his own magic flowing all around him, he allowed himself a brief moment of relief that he’d at least gotten this first part right. 

   He hadn’t put a lot of thought into a location, too concerned with managing the spell as it was, but he supposed it wasn’t much of a surprise that, left up to its own devices, his subconscious had placed him here. 

   He spun around when the air in the room crackled, and two people materialized behind him in a puff of bright blue smoke. White circles surrounded their feet, looking like someone had cased them in with chalk. Ragnor glanced down at it, a hand shooting out to grab onto Catarina’s arm when she’d started to move in its direction. 

   “You’re here.” Magnus sighed. Ragnor looked around them, clearly puzzled with the sudden awareness and recognition of their new surroundings. His confusion only lasted a second. It cleared up as understanding took its place, and he levelled Magnus with a blank stare. 

   “You drugged us.” Ragnor said humorlessly. Magnus gave him a half smile. "I didn't have much of a choice." 
Alec could hear Isabelle and Clary speaking in hushed tones on the other side of the room. Clary sounded panicked and Isabelle reassured her in a soft voice, though she was clearly hiding her own fear for Clary's benefit. Alec felt like he should say something too, or go over to them at the very least, but he didn’t have it in him to do anything. He could barely stay focused on what they were saying. He felt like he’d failed, in some incalculable, irredeemable way, and his head was spinning as he tried to grapple with everything that had just happened. It made no sense to him, how everything had gone so bad so quickly.Jace wasn’t here, Magnus had sided with Asmodeus, Catarina and Ragnor were nowhere to be found, and worst of all, Alec had dragged his sister and his friends into this mess with him. He knew now what would happen to  him,  though he’d been forcing himself not to think too deeply about that, but what would happen to the rest of them once he was-Once Magnus had-“Your Highness?” Lydia asked quietly. She sat on the floor next to him, her hands splayed on her lap and noticeably empty now that she no longer had her sword. Alec’s heart dropped even further, if that was even possible. They no longer had any means to defend themselves.“I’m sorry.” Alec choked out, “I shouldn’t have… I thought he would… I should have listened to you.”Lydia shook her head, “You did what you thought was right.” She said, and then paused, “There’s something I have to tell you-”The slabs at the door began to pull apart, cutting her off mid-sentence. They all shot up, Lydia acting almost reflectively and placing herself between the rest of them and whoever was on the other side of the door. Isabelle and Clary rushed over to them, and Alec felt Isabelle's hand reaching for him. He let her hold onto him, and forced his voice to remain steady as he called, “Who-”“It’s only me.” A familiar voice on the other side said. Alec relaxed marginally as the door was pushed open and a hooded figure he recognized instantly took shape. Dull light from the outside filled the room, Alec blinking his eyes against it, and Ragnor stepped in to join them.“Quickly,” He said, motioning them forward, “All of you, we don’t have much time. We need to get out of here.”No one moved. Lydia glanced at Alec, clearly not convinced of Ragnor’s sincerity, and Alec couldn’t blame her. He stayed where he was.“Where’s Magnus?” He asked, unable to help himself. He regretted the words almost as soon as he said them, and regretted them even more when Ragnor’s face closed off into a slight grimace.“Come with me.” Ragnor said instead of answering, stepping aside to leave the doorway clear. Isabelle’s hand flexed in Alec’s hold.“We don't have a choice.” She said, not loudly enough for Ragnor to be able to hear, “At least then we'll be outside, and we outnumber him anyway.”“He has magic.” Clary pointed out in a harsh whisper. That was true- Ragnor  did have magic, a big advantage over all of them, especially without weapons. But going with Ragnor seemed a much more preferable idea than staying locked in this room and awaiting an even worse fate than anything Ragnor seemed capable of doing to them.Resolutely, Alec made a decision. He met Lydia's eyes and saw her dismayed acceptance, but she nodded anyway and walked forward with him, everyone trailing behind them.The sun had started to come up. Anisa regarded Magnus with a small smile as he walked back into his bedroom, leaving the doors open as he did. He’d been standing out on the balcony and watching out over the city, trying to calm himself down enough that his chest didn't burn with every breath he took.“This is nice, isn’t it?” Anisa asked. She was seated at the edge of the bed and as Magnus walked in, she patted the empty space next to her.“Come and sit with me, darling. You look tired. Perhaps you should get some sleep?” She suggested, her brow creasing with worry, “I know that this was a lot for your first time here. It'll get easier soon enough; Your father was just so excited to show you everything right away.”Magnus listened to her words, so unlike her, and realized, despairingly, that the burn in his chest wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. He crossed the short distance across the room to sit next to his mother, and she took both of his hands between her own, cradling them tenderly. She looked exactly as Magnus had remembered her, seventeen years younger than she should’ve been. Carefully, Magnus removed one of his hands from her grasp. He reached for his  Keris,  unclasping it from where it’d been secured at his side all evening, and brought it forward for her to see. Anisa looked down at the dagger with a thoughtful look. For a brief, hopeful second, Magnus wondered if he’d somehow broken through to the  real Anisa.But then his mother looked back up at him, no sign of recognition in her eyes, “That is a beautiful dagger.”And Magnus’ heart broke all over again. He took a deep breath. Perhaps it was easier this way, he told himself, to have her be so far gone that there was nothing of his real mother left. Perhaps it was better for him to think of her as Asmodeus’ creation and not an actual person. But still, there was one last thing he needed to do.“I love you.” He said, saying each word slowly, carefully, so that however deeply buried the real Anisa was, she would hear him and know without a doubt that he meant it, “I love you. And I- I forgive you.”The words were strange on his tongue; he said it in the language he had not spoken since he was a child, the language that his mother had taught him, the one that they'd shared between the two of them. After her death he’d tried so hard to forget the sound of her voice whispering softly to him in their language, and he’d never been successful. He’d considered it a suitable punishment for the pain he’d caused her, but now he thought differently. It might have been a blessing. He never wanted to forget his mother as she had been: the woman who might not have loved him, but who had tried her best.Those had been Ragnor’s words, and weren't they true? Anisa had given Magnus a good childhood. For the ten years before her death, she'd been the one he turned to for affection and comfort. For  love. So he told himself that nothing else mattered now.  He  would always love  her, and the life he'd had before that night, and that had to mean something.Anisa's brows furrowed, a small frown on her lips, “Forgive me for what? Did something happen? I don't understand what you mean, my love.”“I know you don’t.” Magnus told her, holding her hands tightly. He forced himself to give her his most reassuring smile, telling himself that soon, this would all be over.“You're all welcome, by the way.” Ragnor said, glancing back as he led them up a narrow and windowless corridor, “For saving you.”Alec winced. “I'm sorry.” He said. He genuinely meant it, realizing he’d not said a word to Ragnor since they left the room. His heart hammered against his chest as they hurried along and he had questions for Ragnor, sure, but his thoughts were only on Magnus. “I'm not feeling particularly trustful at the moment.”“Where are you taking us?” Lydia asked. Alec looked down to see her hurrying to catch up to his longer strides, “Where are Magnus and Catarina?”“Catarina is waiting for us on the other side of the building.” Ragnor said, and Alec immediately caught on to him ignoring the second person of interest in Lydia's question, “She’ll take you to a secure location where you can be portalled back to Princewater.”“It doesn’t sound like you plan to come with us.” Clary said.Ragnor hesitated, which didn’t do much at all for Alec’s already frayed nerves, but Ragnor didn’t have a chance to figure out a response. In the next second, the wall on their left was blasted to pieces, a giant hole smashed through it right as they walked past. Clary shrieked and jumped back just in time for the small piece of stone that her foot had been resting on to give way, falling with a long whistle to the ground below them.The dust and smoke from the initial hit clouded much of their vision, but Alec didn’t need to look over the edge to know that they were standing  really  high above the ground. He heard the muted sound of the stone that had fallen hitting the water, just as another blast hit the wall again. “Run.”  Ragnor ordered, waving them forward, “Run, now!”They ran. Another blast of magic hurtled towards them, shards of stone and concrete being sent flying through the air so they had to put their hands up to shield themselves. It made it harder to run while sticking close to the other wall- the corridor wasn’t wide enough to allow for more than a single line, and the further they went the more the wall was blasted to pieces after them. Dusty air clogged Alec’s throat and burned his eyes, but he forced himself to keep pushing ahead. He heard the loud, shouting voices of Asmodeus’ guards and the heavy fall of footsteps joining them in the corridor, thankfully still far enough behind them that Alec could let himself believe they stood a chance of getting away.The entire stretch of wall was almost completely torn apart now, and Alec risked a short glance over the newly opened edge to look down at the water below them. It looked like someone had spilled blank ink into it, angry white ripples moved throughout it as large blocks of stone collapsed all around them. “There!” Isabelle shouted, pointing ahead of them. Alec saw it -through the rubble and mist- the corridor finally splitting into an end. He pushed himself farther, faster-“We need to split up!” Ragnor yelled back, “There are too many of them!” Alec wanted to argue, insist that they should actually stay together if only because he didn’t want to lose sight of anyone. He  couldn’t,  not so soon after he’d just been told he wasn’t likely to ever see his brother again-But they skated to a stop at the end of the corridor before he could make himself say any of that. Ragnor waved a hand in a quick and sudden motion, and Alec had only a moment to panic, to think that they had made a mistake and that Ragnor had betrayed them too, before a long blade appeared in his hand. He looked around, found Lydia holding a sword, Clary and Isabelle clutching similar weapons.“Catarina is on the other side of the building. Go!” Ragnor said urgently. Guards barreled behind them, and Alec yanked Lydia out of the way just as a bolt of fiery red slammed into the wall behind her. Isabelle yelled out for her, her hand stretched across the space between them, “Come on,  come on-”  Lydia seized Isabelle by the wrist and they ran down one of the diverging corridors. Clary hesitated briefly, seeming caught between following them and doing what Ragnor had said, and then she dived into another corridor. Alec moved behind her, casting one last glance at Isabelle and Lydia- And the roof collapsed behind Clary, sealing her in before Alec could go to her.Alec stared, horror spiking against his skin, “Clary.” He turned and found Ragnor already gone. Clouds of dust surrounded him, obscuring his sight from anything happening too far away. The roof and the ground and walls shook violently- the building was crumbling apart, and Alec realized, abruptly, that he was standing right in its line of fire. The guards were coming closer, their magic bouncing off the walls with renewed energy. Alec slashed his blade forward just as a bolt of dark light flew towards him, reflexively hitting it away- he was only mildly surprised when it actually  worked  and the magic scattered into a million pieces at his feet. He looked down to find the blade shimmering with green.  Ragnor’s magic. With a final jolt of fear that kicked him into action once again, Alec picked a corridor at random and took off on a run.It took Isabelle several long seconds of running to come to the realization that Lydia was running next to her, and in her shocked and fearful state she’d not even processed Lydia’s hand still around her wrist.The corridor they’d fled into was dark, only small shards of light streaming in through the cracks in the walls. Lydia had put her sword into the scabbard on her back and held her witchlight in the hand that wasn’t holding Isabelle. “We’re not being followed.” Isabelle said, her words coming out in a breathy pant. She was exhausted, tired and cold and scared,  though she refused to show it. She pulled Lydia to a stop and leaned back against the wall, trying to catch her breath.“We need to keep going.” Lydia said, but she didn’t move away. “We need to get to Catarina.”Isabelle choked back a laugh, and she had no idea why she found the whole situation funny at all, “We don’t even know where Catarina  is.” “And we’re not going to figure it out by standing in this corridor and waiting for someone to come at us!” Lydia snapped. She ran a hand through her hair. Her braid had come partially undone and several strands of dark blonde hair fell into her face, covered in dust and flecks of stone. Her clothes were torn -same as Isabelle’s- and dried blood coated their skin in random places where their skin had been cut.“I’m sorry.” Isabelle said. She forced herself to hold Lydia’s gaze, even though all she wanted was to look away. “The other night- I pushed you. I shouldn’t have.” Lydia’s mouth fell open, and then slammed shut. “You-” She started,  “Now?  You want to do this  right now?” “If we die here-”“We’re not going to die-”“I don’t want you to die while hating me.” 
   “Isabelle.” 
Isabelle started to respond, and never got a chance to. Lydia stalked forward, seizing Isabelle by the front of her dress, and yanked her in. Isabelle’s gasp was cut off by Lydia’s mouth pressing to hers, and Lydia kissed her with surprising forcefulness- hard and rough and with just enough of a frenzied edge to it that Isabelle understood everything Lydia was trying to say with this kiss. She heard the blade fall out of her hands and clatter noisily to the floor before she’d even registered letting it go, and her hands raked up Lydia’s arms to hold her by the sides of her neck, cupping her cheek and holding her close. She lost herself to it, let herself sink into it, told herself that if she really did die five minutes after this, at least she would do so with Lydia’s taste on her tongue. Lydia drew back, finally, and her eyes were wet. She looked down before Isabelle could really focus on it, blinking rapidly and pulling herself away.“I’m sorry.” She said. She bent and snatched up Isabelle’s blade, pressing it back into Isabelle’s hand. “I’m sorry. For everything. Isabelle, I-”A loud crash sounded off behind them. Lydia’s face fell, and Isabelle took her hand once again, “Let’s go.”
   Catarina walked forward, her hand brushing the edge of a cabinet as she peered through the window, “And where… are we?” 

   Magnus saw, out of the corner of his eye, the way that Ragnor looked at him. It made him uncomfortable, even more so than he was just for being here. 

   “This is the house where I grew up.” He said. It was odd to be standing here, in the house that had plagued so many of his worst nightmares over the past seventeen years. He could almost see the shadow of his ten year old self hurrying down the corridor to his parent’s room, and hear the sound of his own scream in response to what he’d encountered that night.  

   “Anisa?” Ragnor asked, concern written plainly over all of his features. Magnus wondered what it was like for him to be here. This house was home to some of Magnus’ best and worst memories, but it had never been anything more than a prison for his mother and, by extension, for Ragnor, who’d been forced to leave her behind to endure it all on her own. 

   “With my father.” Magnus replied. His magic crackled again, and the room swayed ever so slightly. Magnus closed in his hand and urged his magic into compliance. 
Alec crept forward. His dagger was clutched in his hand and he kept every move he made as quiet as possible. He’d long since given up trying to keep track of where he was or where he was going- the fortress was huge and confusing, and it didn’t help that most of his awareness went into dodging magical balls of fire and evading guards that were hell bent on trying to catch up to him. He’d lost the last set only a few minutes ago, slipping into an alcove just long enough to watch them run right past him. He counted it as a small positive that the walls and the roof no longer seemed to be caving in around him, but it didn’t do much to ease all of his fear. He pressed himself against a wall just as two guards appeared at the other end of the hallway. They both stopped walking, peering up in Alec’s direction, and Alec held his breath.He tightened his hold on the dagger’s hilt, readying himself for an attack-And the guards were blasted by flaming gold, wrapping around them and yanking them back against the wall. They collided against it with a sharp and sickening crack that made Alec wince despite himself. He pried himself away from the wall he’d been hiding behind and risked a glance-
   “Ragnor.” 
Ragnor stood above the fallen guard’s, his hands cracking with emerald flames. He glared at Alec, “Where in Lilith’s name do you think you're going?” He demanded, “I gave you directions!  The other side of the building!” Alec was well aware that he’d been stupid, but he held his ground as he stepped fully out into the hall to meet Ragnor, “I'm not leaving here without seeing Magnus.”Ragnor blinked.And then barked out an incredulous laugh, “Are you- do you even  hear yourself?” “You're going to him.” Alec said, “I know you are, so don’t even bother telling me I need to stay back because I won't. Take me to him.”“Stupid, reckless-”“Yeah.” Alec said, “So I've been told, lately.”The door to Magnus’ room burst open and Clary fell into it. Or rather, Magnus realized as he pushed himself to his feet, she was  thrown in.  She landed on her hands and knees, her bright red hair fanned around her face like a mane, and when she looked up she glared behind her with rage and defiance burning through her eyes.Magnus got a sensation that was like his heart falling right out of his chest.Asmodeus stalked through the open doors, holding Catarina by her upper arm. He flung her to the ground beside Clary with careless abandon and narrowed his gaze on Magnus instead, his lips curling back into a contemptuous scowl.“Anisa.” He said, “Come to me.” Magnus forced himself to remain where he was as his mother stood and walked towards Asmodeus, whose hands were outstretched to receive her.Clary slowly pulled herself to her feet, and Catarina met Magnus’ eyes from across the room as she did the same. She held onto Clary’s arm protectively. “The others?” Magnus asked, looking at them hopefully. He’d not planned for this so soon, but-Catarina nodded, and despite everything she managed a small look of triumph that eased at Magnus’ panic just a little bit.
   They were out. They were safe. Alec was safe. 
Magnus summoned his magic to his fingertips and turned back to Asmodeus, “Let us go, and I’ll consider not killing you.”Asmodeus paused as though genuinely contemplating this. Magnus knew better than to think he was, and neither of them moved for a long moment.“Pity,” Asmodeus said slowly, “That it has to come to this. Do not forget that I offered you something different.”He raised a hand, and a silver knife appeared between his fingertips. His intention was clear in the ice cold soullessness of his eyes, and Magnus screamed out and lunged forward as a sound that was barely human tore itself from his throat.He wasn’t fast enough to stop his father raising the blade to Anisa’s neck and slicing across it in one swift movement.  “NO!” Someone yelled, and Magnus wasn’t sure if it came from himself or from Catarina or Clary-He saw everything as if happening in slow motion- the blade’s first contact, Asmodeus’ snarl as he tore it through skin, Anisa’s eyes opening wide with shock, the ghost of her smile etched into her eyes as her mouth opened on a final, soundless cry.Magnus reached his mother just as Asmodeus released her, sending her crumbling to the floor at his feet in a pool of her own blood. Magnus fell with her, his magic flaring to life as he pressed it against her neck and pushed everything he had into healing her. “No-  No.”  He muttered, desperately. His hands were coated in blood. It spilled from Anisa’s neck and down to her clothes, staining her dark hair and dripping onto the floor,  and it didn’t stop.  Magnus’ magic wrapped around her, encasing them both in a swirling storm of blue,  “Catarina!  Please-”Above him, Asmodeus raised his hand yet again. Magnus felt his father’s own magic slicing through the air around them in what was a clear warning- “Stay where you are.” Magnus clung to Anisa’s frame, holding her body close to his chest. The scene was eerily familiar, hitting too close to the memories he had tried so hard to bury for all these years-“You are weak.” Asmodeus said from above him, his tone disappointed more than anything else, “Just like your mother.” “Stop.” Magnus said, his voice hoarse through his crying, “Stop-” Around them, his father’s guard’s swarmed the room, too many of them for Magnus to count. Hands gripped Catarina and Clary and yanked them apart, and Magnus pushed himself back from where he’d been holding onto his mother to clamber to his feet.No one touched him, or got close to him, and Magnus remembered the  Keris-  strapped to his side where it always was. “Do you not see what I offered you!” Asmodeus roared, “You would choose a life as the plaything of Idris’ heir over being a King in your own right?”“I’m not choosing Alec. I’m choosing  not you.  I will never choose you.” Magnus forced the words out, gritting his teeth together, “I want nothing to do with you.”He extended a hand towards Catarina and Clary and blasted the guards that held them, using his other hand to shoot at Asmodeus as well. His father stumbled back with the force of the blow, though didn’t go sprawling like his guard’s did. The momentary disruption was just enough for Catarina and Clary to wrangle themselves free and bolt from the room, Catarina’s magic lashing out around her and cutting down any guards that tried to seize them as they ran. “Get them!” Asmodeus bellowed, “Kill them! All of them!”He turned, his fingers sparkling red. He blocked Magnus’ next attack with a furious slash of his hand, and then flounced from the room as Magnus attempted to regain his footing long enough to fire again. He missed his father and the bolt of his magic hit the door instead, sending it flying from its hinges and splintering into pieces. Magnus stared after Asmodeus’ departing form and the guards that followed him in a protective circle.  The labyrinth,  he thought,  the grimoire. The balcony doors were open, the curtains blowing in the gentle breeze. Anisa’s body lay pale and lifeless on the floor.And guards were closing in on him. “You don’t have to do this.” Magnus said as they neared him, “He doesn’t care about you.”No one moved. The guards couldn’t attack him with magic, Magnus knew, and he was sure they knew as well from the obvious hesitance in their footsteps even as they forced themselves forward to obey Asmodeus' orders. They were just there to stall him for time. Magnus thought of the ones that had already left, running out behind Catarina and Clary, and he knew that they would be going after the others as well. Because that was the only way they could actually hurt him. He needed to get out of here-  He needed to find Alec. One of the guards fired at his feet, magic piercing the ground right in front of him and forcing Magnus to jump out of the way as the floor split apart. He threw one last, despairing glance at his mother’s body and then at his blocked exit through the doorway. And then he slammed his magic forward so hard he heard it -felt it- reverberate off of the walls. Blue smoke barreled down on them, and in the ensuing chaos Magnus dashed through the small opening that had been made and out into the hallways.Isabelle skated to a sharp halt as she rounded a corner, Lydia almost slamming into her body with the unexpectedness of it.A guard stood in front of them, his hands outstretched and flames dancing around it. He sneered, his mouth opening- And Lydia dashed forward, shoving Isabelle out of the way, her sword coming down fast and hard on the guard’s arm.His hand broke apart, dark red spurting out from the place it had been. Isabelle almost blacked out from the grotesqueness of it, just as the guard gave a vicious grunt, clinging to his hand with the uninjured one, and jumped at them. Isabelle gasped and lunged forward without thinking about it. She shoved her own dagger through the guard’s chest with as much force as she could manage.The guard fell to the ground and Lydia stared at her with wide eyes, “You-”“I-.” Isabelle started, still too stunned to finish it. Lydia tugged the dagger from the guard’s chest- he wasn’t dead yet, his eyes were wide open and blood leaked from the side of his mouth, his one good hand clutching the spot that Isabelle had pierced.  “Bitch!” He screamed, choking on his own blood and spit, “Fucking-”“We need to get out of here.” Lydia said. She took off in a run again, Isabelle following closely after her. She forced herself not to look back at the guard on the ground as they followed the path made by the winding corridors. She didn’t know where they were anymore. Ragnor had told them to head to the other side of the building, but after enough attacks had driven them from that route, she knew that they were lost.“Where do you think Clary and Alec are?” Isabelle asked, dreading the answer before the words were even fully out of her mouth. Lydia glanced back at her. Her brows were pulled down tightly in the way they did when she was deeply focused. Both of their clothes were badly torn, and Isabelle didn’t know how much of the blood covering the fabric and her skin was her own.She felt light-headed enough that it could’ve very well been all hers.“I don’t know.” Lydia said. She took a deep breath, “What do you think happened to Jace?”Isabelle’s response was immediate, “Asmodeus lied. Jace has to be here-”“Izzy!” A heart-wrenchingly familiar voice yelled out, “Lydia!” “Alec.”  Isabelle gasped. She spun around. Alec stood at the end of the hallway they’d just come down, Ragnor, Clary, and Catarina standing beside him. She took off in a run, pushing her exhausted body as fast as it could go. She shoved the dagger into the belt around her waist and threw herself at Alec, her arms wrapping tightly around his neck as he held her. Clary fell against them, all three of their voices rumbling over each other in a jumble of concerned questions.“You’re safe.” Alec said. He held Isabelle’s arms and held her steady, his eyes scanning her face as if to reassure himself of his own words. His gaze flickered behind her, towards Lydia, “Are you okay?”“We’re okay.” Lydia said, “Where’s Magnus?”With almost impossibly perfect timing, Magnus ran out from the other hallway. He slowed to a stop as he saw the group, and Isabelle’s hands flew up to her mouth as she noticed all the blood staining his white clothes. Clary looked strikingly pale.Alec stared, “Magnus-”And Catarina, ever so slightly, shook her head, cutting him off mid-word. Ragnor’s mouth fell apart in a soft exhale. “I-” Magnus started, looking around at all of them. His eyes lingered very briefly over Alec, and his throat moved as he visibly swallowed.“Are you being followed?” Alec asked. There was a firm set to his jaw.Magnus looked at him. There was the briefest flash of pain in his otherwise controlled expression. It was the same emotion Isabelle had noticed last night despite Magnus’ best attempts to hide it. She wondered if Alec saw it too.“No.” Magnus said, “Not anymore.”No one commented on the implications of those words; they’d all seen, and perhaps  done  worse at this point.“Good.” said Alec, stalking forward. He didn’t look afraid like he had last night, and the dagger Ragnor had given him glittered menacingly at his side at he put himself right in front of Magnus, glowering, “What the  fuck  is going on?”
   “I needed us to be able to talk somewhere my father couldn’t overhear us.” Magnus said.  

   He had given them the whiskey with the spell to make them sleep, working his brain overtime to remember everything he’d ever learned about oneiromancy. Manipulating someone else’s mind was difficult; manipulating his own mind and pulling not one, but two people into it with him was near impossible. Thank Lillith for Edom giving his magic extra strength- Magnus knew that was the only reason he’d managed this with any level of success. 

   Still, they didn’t have much time. Or any time at all. He was immeasurably happy that the spell had worked, but every second they stayed in here was a second they were all vulnerable back in the ‘real’ world. Magnus was using every last bit of his magic to keep up his awareness of both what happened here and what happened back there, and despite the boost to his strength he could feel the thread with which he held on fraying the longer he struggled to keep it all together. 

   “I take it that you’ve figured out a plan to move against your father?” Ragnor asked.  

   Magnus nodded stiffly, “I’ve figured out the first part, at least.” 
“I told them how to open the room you were being kept in.” Magnus said. Alec didn’t move from in front of him and his expression didn’t change. Magnus felt he deserved Alec’s anger. He deserved much worse.“They were supposed to take you somewhere safe, and I was supposed to meet you all there to portal you back to Princewater.” He continued, “I don’t know how my father’s guards found out.”“They found  me.”  Clary said in a soft voice. Everyone turned to her, and she shrank back. She looked  guilty,  of all things, as she continued, “I ended up alone and someone grabbed me. If it hadn’t been for Catarina…”“I got to her just in time.” Catarina said, “I waited at my spot, and when no one showed up I told myself something had gone wrong. I went looking for them and found Clary. I managed to save her from the guards, but then Asmodeus showed up and- well.”She pointedly avoided looking in Magnus’ direction, and Magnus heard all the words she didn’t say. “So-” Alec started, “All of that, everything that you said when you came to see me-”Magnus thought back to the way Alec had looked at him last night, his blue eyes mildly terrified and very helpless. He’d looked at Magnus like he didn’t recognize him at all, and Magnus had felt every second of it like a knife piercing his ribs. “I needed you to believe it.” He said regretfully, “I needed the performance to be convincing enough for my father to let his guard down, if only just a little bit.”He’d had no idea how well he’d done, but Asmodeus had allowed him that small moment of privacy he’d needed to get Catarina and Ragnor alone, so he suspected he’d done well enough. He looked at Alec now, loathing the fact that Alec had spent however many hours between then and now believing that Magnus would actually go through with those plans. He wanted to fix it, wanted to say something that would let Alec know how he really felt, but he didn’t know how to do that. He could tell that Alec was thinking deeply, contemplating something that he wasn’t figuring out despite how hard he was clearly trying. He wondered what Alec saw when he looked at him. He remembered Asmodeus’ words last night  -could you ever love that?- and he remembered Alec’s reaction to it. He also remembered the feeling he’d gotten immediately after, like the world had been turned over right under his feet. Had Magnus finally managed to drive a final wedge between them? It hurt more than he’d ever expected it to, to think that he had.Eventually, it was Catarina who spoke, her words gently breaking apart the moment, “So what do we do now?”Magnus was grateful for the distraction, “I need to get into the labyrinth. My father has the grimoire locked away in there.”“All the guards are probably out there, as well.” Ragnor said thoughtfully. He looked around at the otherwise empty hall, “It’s too quiet, and we’ve been left undisturbed for too long. Asmodeus knows we want the book. He’s waiting us out.”Magnus opened his mouth to contradict Ragnor’s use of the word ‘us’  . He’d planned to be the only one going up against Asmodeus. He was the only one who  could  do it and have any real chance of survival. Getting past whatever barriers his father had implemented to protect the labyrinth and the grimoire would be near impossible, and Magnus was the only one who had the  Keris to protect him.But then he looked around his small group and saw the resolve in their faces. He closed his eyes, reopened them, and met Alec’s.“Just- don’t die.” Magnus said feebly. He wished he could offer up more, but being this close to Alec right now was almost physically painful. He forgot himself for just a second and, in his desire to get away from the intensity of Alec’s gaze, turned right into Ragnor’s.Ragnor hung back just a little bit from the rest of the group, leaning tiredly against a wall. He looked at Magnus steadily, his eyes dark and accepting, and Magnus knew even before Ragnor asked that he’d already pieced everything together on his own.“Is it…?” Ragnor asked, slowly, his words almost too quiet. He flinched every so slightly, unable to finish the rest of the question. Magnus jerked his head in a rough nod, and all at once his pain at what had happened right before came rushing back to him.
   Anisa was dead. 
He heard whispers behind him: hushed questions and awful answers confirming to the rest of the group what had happened. But Magnus couldn’t take his eyes away from Ragnor, who didn’t react at all in the way Magnus might have expected him to. Abruptly, Ragnor raised himself up from the wall and tilted his head, motioning for Magnus to follow him. Magnus froze. He didn’t particularly want to be alone with Ragnor at the moment, but he let Ragnor lead him away from the group if only to avoid confronting the feeling of Alec's gaze lingering on him. He forced himself not to look back. “I’m sorry.” Magnus said as he approached Ragnor. He followed the other warlock into an alcove that hid them from the view of everyone else. Ragnor frowned at him, “What are you apologizing for?”Magnus started to respond and then stopped. Why was he apologizing? He wasn’t even sure he knew. The list of problems he’d caused was so long he didn’t even know where to begin.“I should have done something.” He said, figuring it was best to just start with the worst of it. He’d not yet forgotten the feeling of pure agony that had shot through him as Asmodeus sank the knife into his mother’s neck. He’d felt stuck, his limbs heavy and useless at his side, and his reaction to everything had been delayed by more than a few seconds. Magnus couldn’t help but wonder if those few seconds might have made a difference, had he intervened sooner.“When he grabbed her.” Magnus said, “I should have-”Ragnor stopped him, looking slightly appalled, “ Magnus. I don’t think even you could have expected what happened tonight.”“But-” He broke off, his face and entire body feeling almost unbearably hot, “Elias said that the spell could be broken with either her or Asmodeus’ death. I wanted- that was part of my plan. I wanted it to be my father.    I was supposed to-” Kill him. He was supposed to kill him, and he hadn’t. He’d stood there and  watched  it happen, just like he’d let Elias’ suffering happen. He should have been faster. He should have  known  that his father would do something like this. He could have stopped it, used his magic,  something- “Magnus.” Ragnor demanded, grabbing onto Magnus’ shoulders. Magnus felt a cold breeze brush over him, and he looked down, startled, to find that he was no longer wearing the blood-stained white suit. Ragnor had put him in the clothes he’d been wearing before. It was a small change, but it helped him settle down considerably to be in his  own  clothes rather than what Asmodeus had put him in. He hadn’t even thought to do that himself. He looked at Ragnor. “Why don’t you hate me?” He couldn’t stop himself from asking, “I’m the reason she was forced to stay with Asmodeus. I’m the reason she killed herself, and why she’s dead now.”It made no sense to him that Ragnor would be so kind to him despite all that had happened. If it hadn’t been for Magnus, Anisa might have had a chance of running away and being safe. None of this would be happening if it hadn’t been for him. “Oh, my broken child.” Ragnor said in a soft, sad voice, “Whatever you might think, whatever you might have told yourself all these years, Anisa’s death was not your fault. She made the decision to do what she did that night, and you were nothing but a child who’d been born into a horrible situation. It wasn’t your fault.”Ragnor said the words with a gentle sort of force that let Magnus know he believed every word he said, but it made no sense. Because it  had  been his fault. How could it not be? “Asmodeus killed her because he knew what it would do to you.” Ragnor said, “From the moment you stepped into Edom, Anisa was something he could use against you. I wouldn’t be surprised if that’s the only reason he brought her back. He wanted to get to you, and he knew that this was the way to do it. It’s your job to make sure he doesn’t succeed.” Magnus shook his head. He blinked his eyes rapidly and forced back the tears that threatened to escape. He just wanted to lie down, and sleep for perhaps an entire week. He wanted to wake up and know that all of this had been nothing more than a really bad nightmare.Ragnor stepped back, “That’s... not all I wanted to say to you.” Magnus almost laughed at that. He felt like he'd been through everything he could take for one night, “There’s more?” “Unfortunately.” Ragnor said apologetically. He watched Magnus cautiously, “You don’t fight with the  Keris.” He said, “You keep it on you so that you know it’s there, but you don’t use it. Not really.”Magnus inhaled deeply, words failing him yet again. Ragnor held his hand out, “May I see it?”Magnus hesitated, just briefly, before he unsheathed the  Keris and handed it over. It rested in Ragnor’s palm, and Ragnor looked at Magnus steadily as his hand closed in on the dagger, “Do you remember what I told you?”Magnus stared and filed through his brain, but nothing exceptionally important came to mind. He had, in total honesty, tried his best not  to think of that day in Ragnor’s house. It was too much to process,  especially now,  that his mother had left him not just the weapon she’d used to kill herself but something that was meant to protect him. He’d spent  years  resenting this  Keris and his connection to it, and now he could never even part with it. He didn’t know what he was meant to think about it. He’d never met his grandfather, and his mother’s only other family hadn’t lived anywhere near them. His mother had been his only link to the Keris and its history with his family. Ragnor looked down at the dagger and then back at him, “I told you that the Keris’ magic will only work to its full potential if you allow it to. Its ability to protect you depends almost entirely on your relationship with it.”Once again, Magnus was silent.“You’re fighting its power.” Ragnor said, “I know that this dagger holds bad memories for you. I know that you find it difficult to look at it and think of something other than your mother. But you can’t keep  fighting it like this. It’s not your enemy, Magnus. It’s a part of you, whether you want it to be or not. It’s magic flows through you, and if you keep resisting it, it won’t end well for either of you.”Magnus thought about the way the  Keris’  powers had rendered him unconscious both times it had been used before, but he didn’t have it in him to mention it to Ragnor. He was drained enough as it was. He’d wanted an explanation for why the  Keris left him unconscious and now he had one, but he didn’t like it very much. Nor did he like the alternative option that Ragnor was presenting him with.“Take everything you feel right now,” Ragnor said slowly, “And channel it into this. All the anger, the pain, the fear. Take everything you’ve buried inside of you for the past seventeen years, and fight with that.”“I don’t know how.” Magnus said. Ragnor made it sound so  easy,  but it wasn’t like a switch in his brain; he couldn’t just turn his emotions on. And most of all- he didn’t  want  to. Resisting that part of him was the only way he’d survived all these years.“Yes you do.” Ragnor said. He sighed, glanced back over to the others and ran a hand over his face. He looked slightly older with the dark circles under his eyes, as though being in Edom less than a full day had aged him considerably. Magnus’ guilt at having dragged them all here came rushing back to him.“We should go.” Ragnor said. He gave the  Keris  back to Magnus and touched him lightly on the shoulder- a grounding touch that Magnus forced himself not to lean into. He was so  tired, but he couldn’t relax. Not yet. Not while Asmodeus was out there.He took a deep breath, steeling himself. “Let’s go.” He said. 
  
    Chapter Text
    The sky burned like fire. The sun was no longer visible, having been almost entirely drowned out by a sea of black and red streaks throughout it. Alec ignored the way he could practically hear his heartbeat pounding hard in ears as they raced across the drawbridge of the fortress, weapons in hand, and towards the city. Edom, Alec thought, reminded him of Alicante; a darker, less inhabited version of Alicante, sure, but it was very clearly a city that had been beautiful once, full of life and color and  magic.   And magic was all around them.Alec could sense it even from a distance. He couldn’t help but remember when Magnus had confessed to him his fears of being too much like his father, but Alec felt now more than he ever had that there was no way that could be true. More than anything else, he could feel how different the magic that permeated the air of Edom was from  Magnus’  magic. Magnus’ magic was a cool, steady, reassuring presence, the low thrum of power running through it that drew Alec in just as much as it made him want to run away from it. This magic  -Asmodeus’  magic, stained the air like a poison. Alec inhaled smoke and ash, his eyes and throat burning the closer that they got to the heart of the city. And then they were there, and they slowed as they approached. The guards spread out before them, way more of them than Alec could count. Next to him him, he heard his sister whisper "Raziel" under her breath. He looked at her, and saw through the thin layer of alarm in her eyes that she was more than ready to face whatever happened next. Lydia stood next to her with her sword in her hand, and Clary just a little bit behind them.“There’s no way we can win this.” Lydia voiced what they were all undoubtedly thinking, “We’re outnumbered, and they overpower us- well, they overpower four of us.”“Your weapons deflect magic.” Catarina said, and this was true. The warlocks had spent a few minutes inside the fortress magically enhancing every blade and dagger given to Alec, Lydia, Clary, and Isabelle. Alec wasn’t yet sure what they would do, but he had enough trust in them that he felt a bit less concerned at facing off against Asmodeus’ guards with them.“It gives you a good advantage.” Catarina continued, giving them her most reassuring look, “Work with them and stay with us as best as you can, and you should be protected enough to fight your way through.”“It’s over there.” Magnus said, pointing. Alec followed his gaze out across the clearing and through the bleak ocean of guards that filled it. Magnus pointed to a patch of trees and overgrown grass, in the middle of which stood two towering white pillars, “The portal to the labyrinth is between those two pillars. I need to get there.” “We  need to get there.” Alec instantly corrected. Magnus' jaw twitched at the words but he said nothing out loud. Ragnor cleared his throat and stepped forward, eyeing the two of them with a slight warning in his eyes that Alec knew was meant to be interpreted as  behave.  Alec frowned but obeyed, diverting his attention over to Clary.Lydia had spent most of the time they’d been locked in their room teaching Clary how to use the daggers she now held in both hands. There was a certain level of sureness in her grip now that hadn’t been there before, but still Alec couldn’t help but worry at the thought of her fighting here.He moved closer to her, leaning down just enough to say quietly, “Please don’t die. When we find Jace, I’d like to bring you to him  alive.” Clary’s face split into a wide grin at the words. She glanced at him, but before she could say anything else she was interrupted by Magnus coming up to them, his gaze focused pointedly on Alec.“Can I talk to you?” Magnus asked. It was strange to hear from him anything other than the cool confidence Alec had gotten used to, but there was something undeniably different about the Magnus that stood in front of him now. The noticeable undercurrent of hesitance in his voice made Alec worry, but he pushed it aside to nod and walk away from their group with Magnus by his side. They stopped not too far away, and Magnus turned to him with his hands outstretched. Alec looked down at it, puzzled, before shimmering lines of blue began to materialize in Magnus' palm and a familiar object took shape. He reached out and took hold of the bow Magnus presented him with, taking the quiver of blue-tipped arrows next. The string of the bow was a similar color: the color of Magnus' magic. Almost the same color, Alec realized now, of his eyes."I… don't like the idea of you going out there. I don't like the idea of any of you going out there." Magnus said lowly. He dropped his now free hands and looked at Alec imploringly, like he stood even a small chance of convincing Alec to change his mind about fighting. Alec, to his own personal credit, managed not to snap."I'm not letting you go out there on your own." He said, "Everyone else feels the same."Magnus swallowed heavily and looked away, "I don't deserve that." "No," Alec agreed, saw Magnus' eyes flash with derision at the word, "You don't deserve it. You've been lying and keeping secrets and actively trying to push everyone away since we showed up in Brocelind. But this isn't just your fight. Isabelle and I- Asmodeus wants to kill our family and destroy our Kingdom. Lydia is a Guard. She's sworn to protect us and Idris. And Asmodeus took Jace, one of the only people Clary's had for the past six years. We all have a reason to fight here just as much as you do. So we're going, and right now we're only wasting time having the same argument we've had, what, three times now?"Magnus stared at him, his nostrils flaring as he huffed out a breath. "The bow and arrows, I embedded my own magic into it. The same as all the other weapons, with… a few minor differences.""What differences?""Nothing much. But they'll keep you safe." Magnus said. Magnus held his gaze, and Alec saw that there was something else he wasn't being told."I know you don't trust me, especially not after last night-" Alec couldn't help the way he tensed up at the reminder of last night. Magnus had explained, and Alec had accepted his explanation, but that did not completely take away everything he'd felt while it had been happening. The fear of it -the horrible fear of Magnus- still lingered, even as Alec wished it wouldn't."Please. Take them." Magnus said, "I need to know you'll be safe out there. Alec, I can't lose you too."The words hit Alec hard. He remembered a time when he'd hoped to hear those words from Magnus' lips. When the mere thought of Magnus feeling that way about him was nothing more than a distant, far fetched fantasy. When he'd fully believed in his own insignificance in Magnus' life and, worst of all, accepted it. He'd thought that those words would change things. But they didn't. There was no sudden jolt of excitement, no overwhelming relief, no feelings of satisfaction.Only the knowledge that, for whatever twisted reason, he couldn't lose Magnus either.After a few seconds of hesitation, he jerked his head in a nod and fastened the bow and quiver into place. They were slightly strange where he touched them; he could feel Magnus' magic magic moving throughout them."Okay." He said.The walk across the clearing was excruciatingly slow. Isabelle felt time like it was moving through syrup, and with every step that took them closer to the other side, she kept biting back her own anxiety.Whatever magic had been used on them before they left the fortress pumped through her veins like liquid fire. She was very grateful to Catarina, who had placed the spell on her, that she no longer felt like she was about to collapse with her own exhaustion. It was a strange feeling- she was very aware of the presence of something foreign in her body, working its way through her system and boosting her up. She couldn’t tell if she liked it or not. Mostly, it was just sort of  there.  The space between them and Asmodeus and his guards grew smaller. One minute they seemed too far away, and the next they were only a few feet away from them. Magnus moved to the front of their group. He looked entirely unaffected by anything, a dangerous sort of calmness to the air around him that was both enticing and terrifying to witness.“This is your final chance, Magnus.” Asmodeus said warningly. Isabelle thought about Robert, and how she’d always felt her father was too harsh and too cruel. Faced with Asmodeus, she found herself thinking now that Robert actually wasn’t that bad.Magnus didn’t grace his father with a response. His grip on the hilt of the Keris tightened, and he asked them, “Are you ready?”He was met instantly with a chorus of agreements. Isabelle risked looking, even though she knew exactly what she would find. Sure enough, Alec’s eyes were focused on Magnus, and Magnus’ on Alec. There was an unspoken tension between them that she couldn’t place. She had no time at all to think about it. Asmodeus extended a hand above his head and a crackling fire shot out from his palm, up towards the sky, soaring above them like a terrifying display of lightning. Lydia’s hand brushed hers, just briefly, and then each side bolted towards each other and everything descended into chaos.Through the sea of bodies and magic and blades and arrows, Lydia found Isabelle. Isabelle flung a knife forward and Lydia saw the burnt orange glow of Catarina’s magic surrounding it, guiding it right into the neck of one of the guards. Another warlock crept up to her while her back was turned, and Lydia saw red as she threw herself forward with the sword raised high. She wasn’t fast enough, and Isabelle made a startled noise as she was pushed to the ground by a magical whip. Lydia jumped between her and the warlock and sliced the sword through the air. Magic slammed into it hard enough that she almost lost her balance; she dug her heels into the ground and swung again, and stopped. The tip of a dagger shoved through his chest and the warlock’s eyes bulged, his mouth opening on a gargled scream, and he fell before Lydia had even touched him. Clary stood behind him, pulling her dagger out as the warlock went to the ground. Catarina was at her side, and the pair of them took off into a run with only a nod of acknowledgement in Lydia’s direction. Lydia turned and found Isabelle behind her, still on the ground and holding the side of her body with a pained grimace. She slid the sword back into its scabbard and fell to her knees in front of her.“Are you okay?” Lydia asked, holding onto her hand. Isabelle nodded and forced a smile. Every muscle in Lydia’s body felt strained.“It wasn’t a deep cut.” Isabelle said, “And it’s healing; I feel it. Catarina was very thorough in protecting us.”Lydia felt that same twisting sensation in her gut that happened whenever someone mentioned either Catarina, Magnus, or Ragnor. She’d spent so long believing that all warlocks and all magic was innately evil, rotten at its very core to the point that nothing good could be salvaged from it, and those three had turned her worldview right over on its head. It was  guilt, she recognized the feeling as. Guilt that she’d ever thought so horribly. Guilt at what she’d agreed to do because of it.Isabelle watched her curiously, as if she could somehow hear every word on Lydia’s mind. Lydia hoped not- Isabelle was one of the only people who seemed to have an entirely  good  opinion of her character. What would she think if she knew the truth?“Thank you for trying to save me.” Isabelle said. Lydia placed a hand over hers, holding the place that was hurting her. “Always.” She said. And then- “I love you.”The words came out of her without her consent; she’d not planned to say that here, certainly not now. A few days ago, she’d been determined not to ever say them. But now they were facing what looked like possible death, and Lydia couldn’t let herself die without making sure that Isabelle heard it at least once.“I love you.” She repeated, leaning in closer to Isabelle. Isabelle’s eyes were wide and dark with stunned disbelief. Her lips fell apart on a soft gasp, and then she said, “You’re only saying that because we’re about to die.”Lydia laughed humorlessly. She pressed a kiss to Isabelle’s lips, a small one that only left her yearning for more. “If we survive here, I’ll say it to you again.”Isabelle smiled, “I think that's a good incentive to survive then.”Alec caught sight of Ragnor just as the other man dove out of the way of an attack. He threw his hand forward and a length of green rope shot itself from his palm, wrapping around the neck of the warlock who’d aimed for him. Ragnor pulled, and the other warlock fell to the ground with his neck hanging at a sickening angle. Alec maneuvered around his body as he moved over to Ragnor, who had already started aiming towards another group with his hands firing bolts of emerald in every direction.“Where’s Magnus?” He asked. He wasn’t sure how long they’d been fighting. The mist was thick and battle raged around him wherever he looked, but Magnus was nowhere to be found amongst any of it. Alec had run into the crowd at Magnus’ side, fighting alongside the warlock until they’d eventually been separated, and Alec was close to crawling out of his own skin trying to look for him.Ragnor glanced back at him, just enough to point towards the giant pillars towering out of the ground- and the portal shining between them.“Leave him!” Ragnor said, “He has the  Keris, he’s safe.”Alec didn’t very much like whatever Ragnor’s definition of ‘safe’ seemed to be- he didn’t see how Magnus being trapped and alone with Asmodeus could be anything other than  really fucking dangerous.  He looked back at the portal and saw it start to shrink down in size, his heart hammering against his chest as he re-strapped his bow and reached for his blade instead. “Behind you!” Ragnor yelled, and Alec’s reflexes kicked in automatically, his body moving before his mind had time to catch up. He drove the dagger through the heart of a warlock running into him, and ignored the bright red blood on its blade as he removed it. “I have to go.” He said, hardly conscious of his own words. He didn’t look back at Ragnor again, not wanting to see his reaction. Instead he focused on the portal which was barely visible now, its shimmering colors fading into nothing.“Alexander.” Ragnor warned, and Alec felt a hand come up to grab onto his arm. He yanked himself away from Ragnor’s hold and took off in a run. He was sure he heard Ragnor curse behind him, but didn’t check to see if he was being followed. Another warlock -one of Asmodeus’- grinned savagely as Alec barreled right towards him, and he flung an arrow-shaped bolt of magic in Alec’s direction. Alec raised the dagger, brought it down, and only narrowly managed to hit it with the edge of the blade, right before it collided with him. He dove to the side and out of the way of everything that was thrown at him, the dagger slashing through the air as he went. At one point he almost fell, his ankle twisting against a hole in the ground, and he forced himself to ignore whatever pain shot through his foot in response. The portal glowed with only the faintest light-“Alec!” Lydia’s voice called out to him, loud and clear,  “No!” Alec ignored her and pushed himself faster. He flung himself forward, falling between the pillars just as it disappeared entirely.The inside of the labyrinth was dark. Alec walked carefully, feeling out every step he took before he dared to move forward. He held his dagger close to him as he walked and listened for even the slightest hint of movement, and it still managed to take him by surprise when a hand shot out and grabbed onto the collar of his shirt, yanking him aside. Alec reacted instinctively and raised the hand that held his dagger, fully prepared to bring it down with all the force he could muster as he pushed himself away from whoever had taken him, before-“What do you think you’re doing here?” “Magnus?”Magnus’ eyes were dark. He was clearly angry- no,  furious.  He moved forward swiftly from where Alec had shoved him back, the  Keris’  edge pointed at Alec’s chest, and Alec, despite himself, felt a jolt of panic at the threat-Magnus glared at him, golden eyes blazing, dark hair falling into his face.“Are you insane?” Magnus hissed out in a whisper, “Are you actually fucking insane, Alec?”Alec’s head was still spinning too fast and too hard to really process the words that were being said, though he’d fully expected Magnus to be mad at him, “I-”“Stop.” Magnus cut him off, and there was a pained edge to his voice that caught Alec’s attention, “Lilith, you're infuriating sometimes.”Before Alec could say anything to that, Magnus was pulling away from him and leaning against the wall opposite Alec. The space he’d pulled them into was small and barely had enough room for them both, and it was the closest Alec had found himself to Magnus since they left Ragnor’s house.Magnus threw a hand over his face, breathing too hard for it to be considered normal, and the focus of Alec’s worry shifted immediately.“Magnus.” He said, moving closer to the other man. He reached out tentatively, placing a hand over the one Magnus had over his face. “Magnus, you’re scaring me.”Magnus gave a short laugh, his breathing still too ragged to form a full sentence, “And you think- that hurtling yourself through a portal after I  precisely told you not to do that-  didn’t scare  me?” Alec blanched, but held his ground, “I told you that I wouldn’t let you do this alone.”Magnus’ eyes shot open, “I want to do this alone. I  have to do this alone-”“No, you don’t.” Alec gritted out, “I-”“Asmodeus could kill you!” Magnus snapped. He grabbed Alec by the collar of his shirt, “He could kill you. Do you have any idea what you’re going up against? You’ve followed me here and I can’t get you out. What if he hurts you? What if I can’t- what if I can’t save you.”And he saw it then: Magnus’ fear. Alec had spent so long thinking that Magnus was immune to things like fear, least of all fear for  Alec’s safety. “And do you think I don’t worry about these things when it comes to you?” Alec asked. His voice was quieter than he’d planned it to be, and Magnus deflated slightly at the words, “What do you think it would’ve been like for me, if you’d come in here, alone? I would have had to sit out there and wait, not knowing if you were alive or dead. Magnus-  I can’t lose you, either.” Magnus recoiled. “I...” He said after a while, “Just be quiet. And stay with me.”Alec nodded, and let Magnus lead him through the hallways. They came to the empty wall that Magnus pressed his hands against, and Alec stared as the bricks began to split apart underneath Magnus’ touch. When the portal appeared in it, Magnus only glanced back at him shortly before he stepped through.Alec forced down his remaining nerves and followed after him.And immediately regretted it.“Magnus-” Alec said, but Magnus was already there with a hand on Alec’s shoulder to steady him.“It’s fine.” He said, and Alec wanted to point out all the many ways in which standing on a thin layer of glass on top of a dark, seemingly bottomless abyss was, in fact, not fine, but Magnus continued before he could start, “It’s a normal floor. The glass is just an illusion.”“I can  feel  it-” “It’s a very powerful illusion.” Magnus added.Alec cursed. He started to say something else, but his next words were cut off by what happened next.Alec felt it before he saw anything. The ground under his feet began to shake, gently at first and then with more force. He stumbled and almost fell, and Magnus’ hand jolted forward to catch him. Alec righted himself quickly, “What was-”He stopped. Behind Magnus, the glass had split apart. A long, jagged crack ran right through the middle, several smaller ones branching out from it. The room gave a violent shudder and this time, they both fell to their feet with the suddenness of it. They tore themselves apart with matching yells as another crack appeared in between them. Alec propelled himself backwards and somehow managed to roll and get himself back onto his feet in one smooth move. Across the rift, he met Magnus’ eyes. Magnus looked just as confused as he did, and Alec frantically searched the ground for any chance of getting them back in the same spot. He found none. The ground shook again and the rift began to widen even further. Alec didn’t have any time at all to think before he was forced to leap forward once more, and then again. He risked glances at Magnus whenever he could and found the other man in a similar situation, both of them moving rapidly across the floor as cracks shot out at them. The short seconds of time that existed in between Alec  jumping  and  landing were the worst of it, when he could look straight down and see the endless darkness that awaited him should he miscalculate his jump even slightly. He hugged the ground as he fell and then shot up to his feet immediately after. There was no time to stop and think.“They’re following us!” Magnus yelled out after another minute or two. Alec had noticed the same thing- the way the rift seemed to change its direction of movement depending on where Alec went, no matter how randomly he chose. Magnus started to say something else and then cut off sharply enough that Alec yanked his own body to a stop and spun around, expecting the worst. He turned just in time to see Magnus’ foot slide against a jagged edge of the rift, just in time for Alec's heart to stop at the sight of it. It had to be only a mere second before Magnus had pulled himself back up onto a reasonably safe surface, but Alec felt it as though it had been an entire lifetime. “Are you okay?” Alec asked, even though Magnus had already started throwing himself forward across the rift again. It kicked Alec back into motion, just as another crack nudged the edge of his own foot. “Yes- over there!” Magnus said urgently. Alec looked, and then sprinted in the direction Magnus had pointed out. It took several attempts as the rift kept redirecting them both, but eventually they made it onto the same spot. They collided together hard, clinging to each other as cracks shot out all around them. And then everything abruptly stopped. Alec’s relief lasted no time at all. A thundering voice that was familiar in all the worst ways called out, from no obvious point in the room, “Have you had enough yet?”Magnus’ eyes slammed shut. His fingers dug into Alec’s arm, but Alec didn’t try to pull away. The small burst of pain grounded him, even more so to know that Magnus was the one causing it.“Where are you?” Magnus called, “At the very least you could show yourself instead of continuing to cower away in fear.”The answering laugh shook the floor again, just once, “I have nothing to fear. Not inside here. The labyrinth will bend to my every command.”As if to prove the point, the ground trembled again. “Where’s the book!” Alec yelled. Asmodeus didn’t answer, and then-Alec froze as heat pressed against his skin. He could see, below them, the faintest glow that gave away what Asmodeus had done, and he was close enough to Magnus that he felt it the moment the warlock recognized it as well. Alec almost didn’t want to ask, but, “Is that-”Magnus made a low sound that was equal parts rage and frustration, “It is.”He extended a hand outwards, and the room around them lit up with bright shades of blue. It gave them enough light to see around them, enough that Alec could see just how bad the rift really was, stretching far beyond what his eyes were capable of seeing even with Magnus’ magic helping him.Magnus’ magic was, however, more than enough to have his fears confirmed. Below them, the ground was no longer a dark expanse of nothing. Fire rose up from its depths, red and orange flames crackling as the heat grew more unbearable. A spark in the distance caught Alec’s eyes, and both of them turned to find Asmodeus standing a little way apart, elevated slightly above the ground. He looked like a shadow, having abandoned his typical white suit for black robes that fanned out around him. He looked as foreboding as ever, and Alec forced his face to remain as neutral as he possibly could, reluctant to show even the smallest hint of fear in front of Asmodeus.“There is only one way out of here!” Asmodeus said to them. His voice was raised as he shouted across the rift, but he still managed his usual drawl that was tinged with just enough boredom -as though being here, doing this, was a chore to him- that it made Alec’s skin prickle with annoyance. “I did tell you that your arrogance will be the death of you, son. It is time to put away these childish games and take your rightful place at my side.” “I’d rather die.”  Magnus spat vehemently. The crack in the ground split even further, moving too close to Alec’s feet for his comfort. He jumped across a small pit to land on the other side and spread his arms out to steady himself as he swayed dangerously with the landing impact. Asmodeus’ face twisted in contempt and, for the briefest of seconds, betrayal. “Then have it your way.” He said gravely. Asmodeus turned, and disappeared like he had the first time Alec had ever seen him: in a shower of silver sparks. Alec looked at Magnus, “I don’t suppose you can do that trick?”“Unfortunately not.” Magnus said, sounding almost regretful.Alec had already known the answer, but his heart still sank at the admission.“What do we do?” “Do you trust me?” Magnus asked quietly. Alec’s hesitated, “Not really.”Magnus barked a laugh. He reached down, grabbed Alec’s hand in his, and shoved the  Keris  back into its sheath with the other.“What are you-”“We’re going to jump-”“Are you  literally out of your mind?” Alec hissed, yanking his feet back as fire shot up at him. He looked at Magnus, just to avoid looking down at the ground, and found Magnus looking back at him with complete sincerity in his eyes. Alec realized, with a sinking feeling in his chest, that Magnus was completely serious. They were going to jump.“...Magnus, wait-”Magnus didn’t let him finish the sentence. The warlock threw himself over the ledge, his hand holding Alec's and yanking Alec down with him.They fell like that, hurtling towards the flames.Alec braced himself for the intense and unforgivably painful sensation he assumed would come with being burnt alive, but it never happened. It took him quite a long time to figure it out too, his mind so consumed with panicking that nothing else registered. And then the world tilted upside down, and the fog on Alec’s mind cleared enough that he realized they were falling, and still falling, way longer than they should have been.He felt a crushing pressure on his chest as though someone had placed a heavy piece of concrete on top of him. It made it difficult to breathe as they barreled through the darkness, the disconcerting feeling of freefalling with no discernable end in sight making him sick with terror. It all happened fast, too fast to really let his fear settle in, and suddenly there was what appeared to be a ground below them, and they were hurtling straight towards it.“Magnus.” Alec said, though in his panic the word came out as little more than a stuttered breath. Through the darkness, he could see the outline of Magnus in front of him as they fell, and he reached through the air in a desperate attempt to grab onto him, or grab onto anything, as the ground got closer and closer. His second attempt at yelling was louder and more pronounced, “Magnus!”There was a burst of blue light, and magic washed over him. Alec only had enough time to be aware that it was  Magnus’ magic, because he’d become so intimately familiar with the feel of Magnus’ magic at this point that he was able to identify it even when his mind was occupied with several other things- such as the possibility of his imminent death. The ground shot up at them, looking cold and hard, and Alec braced himself for the impact.And then something was holding onto him, like a cloud surrounding his body and easing the momentum with which he was falling- though he  was  still falling, still  moving  albeit much slower than he had been just a few seconds before, until finally Alec risked reopening his eyes just in time to collide with the floor beneath him. It did not hurt any more than if he’d simply tripped over something and fallen from his usual height. But still, Alec grunted as something  else  landed on top of him. His head fell back against the ground with a groan, and he felt the hard edges of his bow digging into his back where it was still strapped to him. The weight on top of him eased up, just a little bit, and Alec dragged his eyes open to find its cause. Magnus rested on top of him, his arms bracing him at the side of Alec’s head. Before Alec could find it within himself to say anything, Magnus was rolling away, landing on the ground at Alec’s side with an audible huff. Alec sat up, allowing himself to actually look around at where they were.“The courtyard?” Alec asked, blinking. They were in the fortress’ courtyard, far away from where the battle had been taking place and far away from Asmodeus and the labyrinth and, most of all, the grimoire. “Wha-” Magnus started. He pulled himself to his feet and Alec followed, watching as Magnus paled in response to their surroundings. “I- I didn’t aim for anywhere in particular.” He said with a bank expression, “I could only think about getting us to safety. I hoped to get to the outside of the labyrinth.”“You opened a portal?” Alec asked. Magnus nodded, though he didn’t look happy about it.Magnus paced away from him, grabbing onto his hair with both hands and pulling,  “Fuck- we need to get back down there.”“Magnus.” “We need to get that book-”“I don’t think we need to go anywhere for that.” Alec said tonelessly. Magnus stopped his pacing. He turned, slowly, and found what Alec was looking at. Asmodeus stood a few feet away from them, holding the grimoire. What little color had been left on Magnus’ face drained away entirely, and he grabbed Alec’s arm and forced him to step back.Asmodeus’ eyes gleamed dangerously, red sparks dancing around his hands. He moved towards them slowly, an obvious threat in every step he took, and Magnus reached for the dagger at his side.Asmodeus stopped.Pressed close as they were, Alec felt Magnus freeze up entirely. “No.” He said, in a small, broken voice. Asmodeus broke out into a grin. It was the first smile Alec had ever seen from him that actually reached his eyes. It was a smile of pure, uncontained joy. “No, no, no.” Magnus was saying. Reluctantly, Alec pulled away to look down at his hands. The  Keris lay in Magnus’ palm, its blade split neatly down the middle- broken in two. “How-” Magnus whispered,  “No.  It’s not- that’s not possible.”There was a fanatic desperation in his voice that tugged at Alec’s heart, even as a sense of overwhelming helplessness overtook him.  “No.” Magnus said again.Alec swallowed thickly, “The portal-”“But we got through just fine!” Magnus argued. He clutched the broken dagger tightly in his hands. They were shaking -his entire body was shaking, really- ever so slightly. Behind them, Asmodeus chortled lowly. “Portals bend time and space to their will.” He said, “Powerful magic is needed to properly wield one. You managed the portal into Edom because I assisted you in opening it- did you really think you could create one on your own?”A shudder with force that bordered on violent passed through Magnus’ body. He dropped the  Keris  and it clattered noisily against the ground, turning fully to face his father. He raised his hands, a darker, more savage shade of blue spitting from them, “I don’t need it to kill you.”Despite the words, and despite the magic, there was something tremendously vulnerable in Magnus’ voice, and Asmodeus immediately recognized it too. He laughed, and it was an almost pitiful sound, as he twisted a hand and made the grimoire disappear in a cloud of pale red smoke.“Put your hands down, son.” Asmodeus said, “You are no longer invincible. You will only be wasting your time.”Alec slung his bow around his body and took aim. Magnus charged forward, and Alec let the arrows fly, one after the other, backed up by Magnus’ magic lashing out around them and towards Asmodeus.Asmodeus didn’t budge. He didn’t even hesitate. He raised a hand, calmly, and every arrow dropped to the ground as useless as if Alec had not shot them at all. Magnus’ hands slammed against his body, caged in by red cuff-like restraints around his wrists. Asmodeus flicked a single finger and sent Magnus flying back against the concrete, and Alec forgot all sense of awareness where Asmodeus was concerned to run over to Magnus instead.He was stopped halfway there, an invisible force surrounding his body and physically picking him up. He was launched into the air and brought back down,  hard,  enough that he was sure he felt himself black out for several seconds after the impact. When he came to, it was to Magnus kneeling above him with a hand on Alec's head and magic pressing into him. Magnus was clearly trying very hard to fight back whatever emotions threatened to break through his restraints. His lips were pressed tightly together, and Alec batted his hand away the moment he felt reasonably okay, “I’m fine.  I’m fine.  Where’s-” He’d planned to say  Asmodeus,  but the word was cut off by something wrapping around his neck. His hands flew up to grip it, trying to pry it off of him as the air to his lungs cut off viciously. Magnus jolted back and then aimed his hand at him, and Alec’s already lightheaded state made him panic just before Magnus’ magic hit him. His vision turned blotchy, and he fell back against the ground with a thump. He tried in vain to wriggle himself free of whatever held tight to his neck, his hands slipping against it with increasingly weak fingers.“Stop!” Magnus shouted out, and Alec heard him faintly, as if he was speaking through water, “Stop it- STOP!” It stopped.Alec gasped for air. Hands were on him, magic flowing into him yet again. He coughed as his painful spasms rocked through his body. And through it all was Magnus holding him close. Alec couldn’t find the energy to reopen his eyes, but he heard the ensuing conversation:“Leave him alone!” Magnus begged, and Magnus begging was still such a new and odd concept to Alec, “Hurt me. Kill me-” “I do not wish to harm you, as I have told you so many times already.” Asmodeus said.“Alec hasn’t done anything to you-”Something lashed against Alec’s skin, and he keened as he turned in on himself. Magnus cried out in indignation.“He turned you against me!” Asmodeus roared, “He must suffer for that.”“I was already against you when I left home two years ago.” “Magnus.”  Alec rasped, forcing his throat to work. He wasn’t sure why he felt it so necessary to speak. He just knew that he needed to get something out, needed to say something that was extremely important. Whatever it had been left his mind almost immediately after he got Magnus’ attention, and he blinked open tired and strained eyes to find golden ones staring down at him. “I’m sorry.” Magnus said, leaning against him. His face was wet with tears, “I’m sorry, Alexander- for everything-”“Enough of this.” Asmodeus snarled. Magnus raised himself up and they both turned to look. Asmodeus raised a hand towards them, and Magnus had only enough time to summon his own magic before Asmodeus was blasting at them.Magnus pushed back against his father’s magic with everything he had in him. He clutched tightly at Alec’s hand, keeping at least one part of the other man tethered to him so that he could be sure of his safety. Alec went limp even as Magnus threw up a protective shield around them. Through the almost blinding clash of light, Magnus saw Asmodeus twist his other hand to their right.He didn’t want to look away from where his father stood. Taking his eyes off of Asmodeus for even a second was a dangerous game to play, especially  now,  when that one second could mean the difference between life and death.But he did, because he also didn’t trust Asmodeus not to play dirty. He saw the massive hole of a portal spinning into existence, its surface an inky-black color that racked up Magnus’ fear even higher. He held on tight to Alec, and Asmodeus shoved his magic at them with one last, final, forceful push. Magnus let go with a grunt. His arms gave out, falling weakly as his magic fizzled out into nothing. Asmodeus stood, leaning slightly with weakness of his own. It was a small piece of satisfaction that ultimately did nothing for Magnus, who was finding it difficult just to stay upright. “It is over.” Asmodeus said, his voice a harsh breath, “It is over, Magnus. Give up.”Magnus looked at Alec, whose eyes were closed and who looked as peaceful and undisturbed as if he’d been asleep. He raised his head back up to his father, “Where does the portal go?”Asmodeus shrugged carelessly, “Who knows? Do you give up?”Magnus forced the word out of his mouth, “No.”“Have it your way then.” Asmodeus said. Alec was torn from Magnus’ arms before Magnus had any time at all to react. He scrambled to his feet as fast as he could, “Wait-  wait!” Asmodeus didn’t wait. He moved Alec like he was a piece of paper, as light as air, and flung him straight at the portal. Magnus’ magic shot out from him like it had a mind of its own, crashing into Alec and holding him steady- suspended just where he’d been about to fall into Asmodeus’ portal.Magnus felt his magic straining against Asmodeus', felt the muscles in his arms pull tight as he fought to hold on, and yet he did. He pushed against every last bit of restraint until Asmodeus’s power gave out and he fell back. Magnus landed Alec with care, and rounded on his father. Asmodeus had already set himself upright. His hand brushed over his mouth roughly and Magnus recognized the thin stream of red leaking from the corner of it as blood. His father’s eyes were as gold as ever, every inch of his focus on Magnus as he raised his hands again and Magnus mirrored his actions.And then Asmodeus stopped. His lips curled back, “You can watch him die then.” He said, “I will rip everything you love away from you, if that is what it takes.”He spun around, his face -and sight- away from Magnus, towards Alec, his hand raised with flaming red lines twisting around it.There was a moment there, where Magnus felt as if the world truly stopped moving. Everything blurred into nothing, and he was moving before he’d even processed his feet taking off.He was conscious only of Asmodeus, and of Alec, and of Asmodeus’ magic flowing towards Alec with deadly force.And then Magnus was colliding hard against Alec’s body, just as white-hot pain unlike anything he’d ever felt before overtook every one of his senses. The air burst into a million sparks, startlingly bright even behind Magnus’ closed eyelids. There was a scream of pure agony, and the world spun back into movement with sudden, terrible clarity. And then there was nothing.
  
    Chapter Text
    Alec woke slowly, to the feeling of warm sunlight against his skin. The bed shifted, and his eyes opened, and he saw that Magnus was sitting up next to him, looking down at him cautiously. All at once, the events of the previous day flooded back into his consciousness. “How long was I asleep?” He asked, turning over. He was in a bed, and it felt so good to be laying down in an actual bed that he almost regretted waking up. Though, he had little recollection of actually walking up here. He sat up, silk sheets rubbing against his bare skin, and Alec realized with a start that the only article of clothing he was wearing was his underwear. Magnus gave him a small shrug, “Your clothes were filthy.”“I don’t mind.” Alec said. Magnus had seen him wearing far less on too many occasions to count. He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hands, “I- what happened?”“How much do you remember?” Magnus asked.Alec thought about it, “Most of what happened after the labyrinth is a blur.”Magnus seemed to think this over for a moment, and then he nodded.“He’s dead.” He said slowly, as if testing out the words and not quite sure yet how he felt about them. He didn’t look at Alec as he repeated, “My father is dead.”Alec frowned. Something in his memory rebelled at the thought, and he pushed his mind to figure it out until it came back to him in tiny, almost indiscernible fragments, “The  Keris-” Magnus raised his hand. In it, he held the  Keris. It was perfectly whole, its blade glittering in the sun that streamed in through the window.Alec stared, “It's... you didn't break it?”“No.” Magnus said, “It’s a bit sad, really, when you think about it. My father might have actually been proud of me. I got the idea from him, after all.”“The grimoire.” Alec said, remembering. He understood immediately what Magnus had done, felt immeasurable relief and a strange feeling he pinned as  pride  as he confirmed, “You made a fake  Keris.” Magnus smiled, and then the smile faltered, “The plan almost didn’t work. Asmodeus was meant to immediately attack me, but he- he went after  you  instead. It was just  luck  that I managed to jump in front of you in time to have his spell hit me instead. But I came so…  so  close to losing you, too.”Alec’s throat felt tight, “Magnus, I’m so sorry.”“You’re sorry?” Magnus asked incredulously, “Alexander- I could’ve gotten you killed. I almost did. My magic gave out on me. Asmodeus almost launched you into a portal that led to nowhere. I was on the other side of the court when he aimed his magic at you- I still don’t know how I got there so fast. But I- you could have  died here. You were so close to dying, and it would’ve been my fault.”“Then I would’ve died.” Alec said fiercely, “Magnus, I knew what I was risking by coming here, and by fighting. Everyone did. We all made the conscious decision to do it anyway. It wasn’t your fault, and even if the worse had happened and we had died-”Alec broke off. A terrible, soul-crushing feeling overtook him, “Magnus. My sister. Everyone-”“Alive.” Magnus rushed to say, “All of them, alive. They’re pretty bruised up and everyone’s shaken, but they’re alive. They’re all resting, just as you should be.”Alec sat back, relaxing somewhat, and Magnus watched him knowingly, “Do you want to see them? I can go get them-” “No.” Alec’s hand shot out, “No, not yet. I… Stay with me.”“Always.” Magnus promised immediately,  “Always,  Alexander. I’m here.”“Hi.” Isabelle spun around, though it was obvious to Lydia that she immediately regretted it. Lydia stood sheepishly just a few steps away from where Isabelle was sitting in one of the fortress’ sitting rooms. Isabelle had been in here for quite a while, and Lydia had spent most of that time trying to work up the courage to come talk to her. It was either Isabelle or Alec- she had to speak to them both, and she was looking forward to neither of those conversations. But this one was the most important, and as she’d always told herself: the right thing was usually the most difficult.“May I sit with you?” Lydia asked, still hovering uncertainly. Isabelle frowned slightly, and for a moment Lydia’s heart dropped as she thought that Isabelle would actually turn her away, but then the other woman was sliding over on the seat and making enough room for Lydia to join her. So Lydia went. It hurt a bit to move still; the lingering effects of all that had happened earlier that day still sent little pinpricks of pain through her body if she walked too quickly or made any sudden movements. The effects of the spells that had kept them awake and alert had also worn off, and Lydia was only a few hours away from completely crashing. She felt as though she could fall back into bed and sleep for another day. She sat beside Isabelle, who was looking down at her dress. She was twisting around the fabric between her fingers, a nervous habit she’d had for as long as Lydia had known her, and Lydia ached to reach out and take Isabelle’s hands in hers.“I wanted to say thank you.” Lydia said, “For looking over me while I recovered the other day.”Isabelle seemed unsure of how to respond to that, “Of course. Someone had to do it.” “But it was you. And that did make a difference.” Lydia’s face felt hot. She looked away, “At least, it made a difference to me.”Isabelle said nothing for a long while. And then- “Lydia, you know how I feel about you. I don’t know how much clearer I can be when I say that I love you. But I won’t do this anymore. I won’t play your games and chase after you and take the bait whenever you throw me a sliver of attention. I would do anything for you, but do you not see that you hurt me when you make me do this?”Lydia fell silent. For so long, words had evaded her whenever she spoke to Isabelle. But she realized now that it was only because she’d always been reluctant to say the only ones that mattered. She'd already said it once, and she'd promised to say it again.“I love you too.” She said. She saw the spark of shock in Isabelle’s eyes, but it was gone almost immediately. She looked tired. “You love me, but you can’t be with me. I know.” She said, “But it is nice to hear you say the words.” Lydia shook her head adamantly, “Isabelle… I know that the way I’ve acted with you has been horrible. I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness for any of it, much less your love. But I still need you to understand. It was never because of you. You are the best thing in my life, and I’ve wanted you since the very first moment I met you. Nothing you’ve ever said or done has changed that. Please, allow me the chance to explain.” It took a second, but Isabelle finally gave a slow, almost reluctant nod. She looked as though she didn’t believe a word that had just come out of Lydia’s mouth, and Lydia didn’t blame her for it. She took a deep breath and started talking. She told Isabelle everything; about John, about how quickly and completely she’d fallen in love with him and how she’d expected to live the rest of her life at his side. She spoke about how John had discovered magic, his spiral into obsession leading up to his death, and how Lydia had spent every day after that feeling as though she’d fallen into a dark hole she couldn’t escape from. She’d blamed herself. She still blamed herself. If she’d followed her instincts and said something, it would have never happened. She told Isabelle about how she’d eventually chosen to be in the Guard, how she’d chosen to leave behind the life she’d had before and everything that came with it, how she’d forsaken love and friendship and desire and shut herself off to everything that had the potential to hurt her, until she was no longer sure she was even capable of feeling them. She told Isabelle everything, splitting her soul open and unloading the weight she’d been carrying around with her for all those years. “I had no idea.” Isabelle said when she was done, her eyes wide and sympathetic, “Lydia- you could have told me.”“You don’t know how badly I wanted to.” Lydia said, “But I swore never to speak about John. It hurt too much to even think about him. And then I felt myself starting to fall in love with  you,  and all I could think was that I would lose you too.”“You never will.” Isabelle said fiercely. She reached out and took Lydia’s hands, “I promise, you’ll never lose me. I don’t know what I’d do without you.”“When I was hit with that curse, when I could feel myself  dying,  Isabelle, the only thing I could think about was you. I made you feel as though I couldn’t choose you, but the truth is that there was never a choice. It’s always been you. I can only apologize for making you think differently.”Isabelle bowed her head. “And what about me being the Princess?” She asked quietly, “You’re still in the Guard.” “I’ll leave the Guard.” Lydia said. Isabelle looked up at her. She looked hopeful, but disbelieving. Lydia smiled, “I’ve already made the decision. When all of this is over I’ll speak to Michael myself. There’ll be nothing stopping us from being together. Except…”“Except?”“If I resign from the Guard then I’ll be revoked of my status. I won’t have any titles. Being in the Guard is a prestigious position and it’s afforded me all that I have. If I leave then I’ll just be… I’ll just be myself.”She’d considered this part of it before of course. Though it was undoubtedly worth it if she got to have Isabelle in the end, it still scared her to think of who she would be if she was no longer a member of the Palace Guard. For so many years she’d thrown herself head first into her work. Who would she be without it? Isabelle, however, looked as though the insinuation that Lydia would be lesser  if she left the Guard was the most ridiculous thing she’d ever heard. “And who do you think I’ve fallen in love with?” She asked incredulously, “Do you think I love your uniform- well, actually, I admit that I  do  love your uniform. But you’re so much more than a Palace Guard, and  that’s  what I love. I love  you, Lydia, with or without your titles or your status. None of that has ever mattered to me.  You’re  the one I want. You’re the only one I want, and if anyone has a problem with it then they can keep it to themselves.”Lydia’s heart felt so full she was sure it would burst. She’d dreamt of this moment, convinced for so long that she could never have it. It still terrified her to think of it. She knew that she might never fully get over the wounds that losing John had left in her. But at least this was a start. It was  something,  and right at that moment, with Isabelle in her arms, it felt like it could be  everything.  It felt like, just maybe, she would be okay.“Your mother.” Alec said, before he could think better of it. It was a leading question that he didn’t know how to continue, and Magnus tensed up next to him but didn’t try to move away, which Alec was grateful for. Magnus’ answer was quiet but audible enough as he said,  “She wasn’t my mother.”And Alec couldn’t disagree. Whatever Asmodeus had done to her when he’d brought her back, Anisa had barely seemed functional. But still. Whoever she’d been, she’d worn Anisa’s face, and Alec knew that it had been difficult for Magnus to see her die, again, and that it would also be difficult for him to walk out of here without her.“Yes she was.” Alec said quietly, “You’re allowed to grieve, Magnus. You’re allowed to grieve them both.”Magnus’ next breath was shaky. “I thought about it.” He whispered, “What my father offered me, even what he said about you. I thought about doing it, Alec. I seriously considered it.”“But you didn’t.” Alec said. He reached over and touched the side of Magnus' face, turning Magnus to face him.“You’re nothing like him.” Alec said, and he was nothing short of sincere. Magnus looked away, “You don’t mean that.”“I’ve never meant anything more.” Alec argued, “Magnus, if I had let you come here by yourself, and anything had happened to you, I would’ve spent the rest of my life thinking of what I could’ve done differently to prevent it. There is no me without you. I’ve spent months trying to believe differently but it’s true. I don’t even want to think about what that would look like.”It was clear to him that Magnus didn’t fully believe the words, that there was still a wall up inside of him that Alec had yet to fully break his way through.“I thought I had ruined this.” Magnus said softly. He turned his body so that he fully faced Alec, and the sheer force of the vulnerability on Magnus’ face, so  rare, was enough to take Alec’s breath away. “I’ve done, and said, horrible things to you. That night, when I came to get you in that cell with my father… when he asked you if you could ever love me… the look on your face-”“I was in shock.” Alec said, “You’d just said… all of that, and I didn’t know what to think. I’d never thought about love before. Asmodeus caught me off guard and I panicked.”“And do you?” Magnus asked, “Do you love me?”Alec thought about it. There was no anger in Magnus' tone, only genuine interest, and so Alec admitted in a soft voice, “I don’t know. Do you love me?”Magnus shook his head, “I’ve never been in love before. I don’t know… I know that I want you around me. I want you as you are now, comfortable with me, talking to me-” “Naked?”  Alec supplied with a small smile, unable to help himself. Magnus glared at him, but it was a fond look. “I don’t want to lose you. I know that I need you like I need air to breathe, and the thought of not being with you makes me want to tear the world apart to get you back. But I don’t know if that’s love or just infatuation, or lust, or whatever else it might be. I don’t think either of us do.” Alec took all of that in silently, nodding his understanding when Magnus was done. Magnus leaned in closer to him, tilting Alec’s chin up with the fingers underneath and pressing a chaste kiss against his lips. He pressed his forehead to Alec’s, “Do you know how many times I wonder if you’re even real?”“I’m real.” Alec said. He took one of Magnus’ hands in his, squeezing lightly, “I’m real.”Alec kissed him, and it was a gentler kiss than Magnus felt he deserved, as he pressed Magnus back into the bed. Magnus went willingly. He fought against the images of that morning still crowding his mind and allowed thoughts of Alexander to fill him instead.“I want you.” Magnus whispered, breaking off into a gasp when Alec’s mouth started moving down his chest,  “Alexander.  I want you.”“I’m not going anywhere.” Alec whispered back. Alec nipped sharply at one of Magnus’ nipples and then immediately soothed the burn with a kiss, licking over it until Magnus was writhing beneath him. Alec finished thoroughly lavishing the bud with attention before he moved onto the other one and did the same there. He braced himself on one of his hands and used the other to reach down, wrapping around Magnus’ cock and stroking him to life. Magnus’ cock twitched in Alec’s loose grip. “I love you like this.” Alec said softly, leaning in closer to press his lips to Magnus’. It was nothing much, just a barely there, teasing touch, “You always try so hard to stay in control of everything. I love when you just lay back and let me take care of you.” Magnus whimpered. He wanted that.  By Lilith, did he want that. He wished he could give in to those desires easily, wished he didn’t feel like he would combust whenever Alec took him apart like this, wished it didn’t make him war with his own mind and body, wanting to flee from it just as badly as he wanted to sink into it.He wanted all of it.He wanted  Alec. Alec brushed his lips against Magnus’ once more, “Open your eyes, Magnus.”Magnus hadn’t realized he’d closed them, but now that he was aware of it he wanted to leave them closed. He’d never been entirely comfortable with this position, underneath Alec and spread out and vulnerable, and he hated it even more when he had to actually  look  at Alec too, and see the intensity of his gaze entirely focused on Magnus. Alexander Lightwood was devastatingly beautiful. Magnus was not a spiritual man and he had little but contempt for the religion of Idris, but the only explanation he could fathom for Alec’s existence was that the man had been carved by the Angels themselves. But Alec was insistent, murmuring gentle encouragement in between soft kisses until Magnus finally obliged. Alec gave him a brilliant smile in reward, twisting his hand over the head of Magnus’ cock and pulling a moan from Magnus’ throat as he did.“I love your eyes.” Alec breathed,  “Angels, Magnus. Everything about you drives me crazy.” It was too much, as it always was, to just lie there and be given attention and pleasure and compliments like that. Magnus didn’t know if Alec realized he was getting overwhelmed, but the Prince gave him one final kiss before he was taking his hand away from Magnus’ cock and urging Magnus to spread his legs wider. Alec slotted himself into the space between them, trailing more kisses down the lengths of Magnus’ body- the slope of his neck, both of his nipples, his chest, his belly button, until he finally got to his final destination, the place that Magnus wanted him the most.He felt hot breath against his balls and gasped as Alec suckled the head of his cock, swiping his tongue over Magnus’ slit. Magnus cried out Alec’s name as Alec sank down lower, taking him in inch by inch. Alec couldn’t go all the way down, but his mouth still felt fucking fantastic, still the best that Magnus had ever had. Tight, wet heat engulfed his length, and Magnus, unable to resist temptation any longer, moved his hands down to Alec’s hair. He tangled his fingers between the strands and was rewarded by Alec moaning against him. “Fuck, your fucking mouth.” Magnus gasped, “So good.” Seemingly spurred on by Magnus’ encouragement, Alec gradually began to increase his pace. He took Magnus in as deep as he could go, used his hand to stroke what his mouth couldn’t reach, and then trailed that hand lower to caress Magnus’ balls, feeling the heavy weight of them as Alec took him apart, piece by piece. It certainly felt like Alec was breaking him, pushing through each and every one of Magnus’ defenses until not a hint of resistance was left.“Alexander! Angel,  please.”  Magnus begged, “Please.”He didn’t even know what he was begging for. Anything. Everything.  All of it,  just as long as it was Alec.  His Alexander. Magnus felt a single finger brush against his hole, circling him there, and that was it. He arched up off of the bed as his orgasm tore through him, his grip on Alec’s hair tightening as he rolled his hips up into Alec’s mouth. Alec had been prepared for it, and so didn’t pull back, just held Magnus there and sucked him off with renewed fervour. Magnus felt himself shaking apart as he finally stopped coming, and Alec pulled back but kept himself close enough to lap at the head of Magnus’ cock, licking away what little he’d missed.Magnus blinked his eyes open and found Alec staring right back at him. He looked ruined, lips bright red and slick with spit and come, his hair in a mess from where Magnus’ hands had been in it… it made Magnus want to tackle him to the bed and ruin him all over again. Alec’s hand went to his own cock and he started stroking himself off, his strokes tight and hard. He kept his eyes locked on Magnus, and Magnus found that he couldn’t look away from him either. He didn’t know where to focus- Alec’s hand working furiously at his cock or Alec’s eyes, darkened with his own pleasure. He wanted every part of Alec all at once. Alec came uttering Magnus’ name, as he so often did, and it took Magnus’ breath away as it did each time he heard it.Magnus scrambled upright and bent over, licking Alec’s come from his fingers and then dragging his tongue down the length of Alec’s cock. Alec shuddered and pulled Magnus up and into his arms. Their mouths crashed together in a kiss that was messy and uncoordinated and perfect in every possible way.Ragnor looked up as Magnus knocked on the open door of the bedroom he occupied. He raised a brow at Magnus’ appearance, “Where’s Alexander? I didn’t expect to see either of you until tomorrow afternoon at best.”“Why must you be like this?” Magnus asked, though he was smiling as he walked into the room. He walked over to the window, looking out over the courtyard, and found Clary and Catarina standing together.“Has there been any luck in finding Jace?” Magnus asked, already knowing the answer would be no. Ragnor confirmed it with a small shake of his head, “He isn’t here, Magnus. Asmodeus, for all of his flaws, seemed to have been telling the truth.”“I don’t know how to say that to Alexander.” Magnus said. “You can start,” Ragnor told him, “But not blaming yourself.”“I’m not-”“I might have only met you a few days ago, Magnus, but I’ve learnt enough in that time to know that you are. You’re going to work your brain overtime until you find a way to blame yourself for the disappearance of someone you’ve never even met.”Magnus pursed his lips, but said nothing. Ragnor was right and they both knew it. He moved away from the window and reached for his side, brushing the Keris’ hilt. Ragnor’s eyes followed the movement, “I assume you came here for a reason? You wouldn’t have left Alec’s side without one.”“He’s asleep.”“My statement still stands.”Magnus sighed. He got the feeling that Ragnor’s presence in his life was going to be both good and excruciating at times. “Last night,” He said, “My father hit both me and Alec with his magic. The Keris protected us both. While I was in Alicante and Alec had the  Keris,  it didn’t hurt him. He took it another time, in Brocelind, while I was asleep. I didn’t even know until I woke up and saw him, and that’s only because he was sitting right next to me.”Ragnor nodded, the side of his mouth turning down into a frown as he motioned for Magnus to continue. When Magnus didn’t, Ragnor rolled his head back against the headboard with a groan. It sounded as if he was being put through great suffering.Ragnor looked at him levelly. “Magnus.” He said, “Your mother was a very smart woman, so I know that you aren’t nearly as stupid as you seem to be when it comes to Alexander. The Keris would never act against you, and by extension it would never hurt those that you care about, or who care for you. If Alexander was the one that had it while you were in Alicante and Brocelind then it would have had no reason to cause him any harm. It protected him last night because you were there. I told you that it’s linked to you. The magic that runs through that dagger is the same that runs through your veins. It knows your heart, and it will always protect it.”Magnus looked down at the dagger in his hands. He’d known, or at least he’d suspected, but he’d still wanted Ragnor’s confirmation to be sure. It was slightly overwhelming, even more so than it had been just learning about the  Keris’  power. “I think I’m done hiding from it.” Magnus said. Ragnor gave him an encouraging smile.“That  Keris  is an extremely powerful weapon.” Ragnor said, and his tone took on a more cautionary tone now, “I don’t presume either of us knows everything about it. But I do know that the more you learn, the more careful you should be. Power such as that could easily go to someone's head and lead to more harm than good.”Magnus nodded. He put the  Keris  away.“There’s actually one more thing I wanted to talk to you about.” He said.“You’re awake.” Alec blinked open his eyes. He almost wished he could fall back asleep, but he was now all too aware of Magnus sitting on the bed beside him, and from the tone of his voice Magnus clearly wanted him awake. Magnus reached out and stroked back the strands of Alec’s hair that had fallen into his face, and Alec tried not to lean into the touch or let it show how much it affected him. “Can you get us out of here?” Alec asked. The balcony doors were opened and the early evening sun streamed into the room, pleasant and warm against his skin. It was peaceful, and nice, to just lay here with no expectation being placed on him. Alec almost didn’t want to leave Edom at all.If he could stay here with Magnus, just the two of them, alone, forever, would that really be so bad?“You don’t sound particularly enthusiastic to get back.” Magnus murmured. He traced absentminded shapes into Alec’s chest. “What if I’m not?”“There’s too much waiting for you back in Idris.” Magnus said, “Your sister. Your family. Your kingdom.”And Alec voiced the thought that had plagued him his entire life, “Perhaps they would all be better off without me.”“No one is better off without you.” Magnus said softly. Magnus sat up and Alec reluctantly let him go, instantly missing the heat of Magnus’ body against his own.“I’ve been reading through the grimoire.” Magnus said as Alec pulled himself up too. That got Alec’s full attention. He raised his brows and leaned in closer. Sure enough, Magnus had the grimoire open on his lap and Alec’s eyes quickly scanned the page.His breath caught, “Necromancy?”“You asked me if I could bring your mother back.” Magnus said, “I told you that there would be a price to pay if you did.”“And what is it?” Alec asked, “What’s the price?”Magnus seemed genuinely regretful to say it, “A life for a life. To get your mother back, you’d need to use someone else’s life force to reinstate hers.” Alec’s disappointment was stronger than he’d expected it to be. He’d been warned, he reminded himself. He’d had ample time to prepare for this outcome. And yet-And yet it felt like he was losing her all over again. This time was only  final. “I am sorry, Alexander.” Magnus said, “I truly am.” Alec started to say something else, but he was interrupted by a knock at the door. He pulled away from Magnus just in time for it to open. “Lydia.” Alec sighed. “Am I interrupting?” Magnus started to respond, but Alec cut him off hastily, “Of course not. Is there something you wanted?”Lydia hesitated, her gaze briefly flickering over to Magnus before she said, “To speak with you. But it can wait-”“No.” Alec said, “No, I’ll come now. Let me get dressed.”Lydia nodded and pulled the door shut as she left the room. Alec glanced back at Magnus as he started to get out of the bed, but before he could go too far, Magnus gripped him by the arm and tugged Alec back to him. Alec went without a fight.He also didn’t resist when Magnus threaded the strands of Alec’s hair between his fingers and leaned in closer to press their mouths together. It was a soft kiss, gentle in a way Alec had never really associated with Magnus. It made him feel as though something at the very core of who they were had shifted. They  had  changed, and it was obvious even if Alec didn’t want to think about it.Mostly, he didn’t want to think about the  after, when Magnus had finished removing the curse and they no longer had any reason to be together. Would Magnus even stay in Brocelind? What would become of Edom? Where would Alec fit into all of that?“I’ll go find Catarina.” Magnus said, “I need to talk to her.”“You didn’t have to stay with me while I slept.” Alec said.Magnus kissed him again, “I wanted to be with you.”Lydia smiled up at Alec as they walked through the hallways of the fortress. They were only going to be in Edom until the end of the day, which was only a few more hours. They would leave for Alicante in the morning. It was a nice afternoon in Edom now that the stench of dark magic had been cleared from the air, but Lydia’s smile didn’t quite meet her eyes. Alec could tell that there was something she wasn’t saying to him.“Is it about Isabelle?” He asked, trying to put them both out of their misery, “Because if it is- I know my reaction the other night could have been better, but I’m not upset about it.”“You’re… not?” Alec stopped walking. He looked down at her quizzically, “Why would I be? You’re one of my best friends. Isabelle is my sister. I can’t think of anyone that I would like her to be with more. Though there may be some… difficulty, given your position in the Guard.” “I’ve already decided to resign.” Lydia said, which both surprised Alec and didn’t at all. Still, it was the second time that day that he’d been dealt a disappointing blow. Lydia noticed it immediately.“I had planned to ask you to be my Second in Command.” Alec explained, though he felt it was a bit cruel to only mention it to her now, when Lydia had so clearly already made up her mind about leaving. Lydia’s eyes widened, but Alec shook his head. “I don’t expect it to change anything.” He said, “I just needed you to know, in case you were ever in doubt about how much you mean to me.” “I appreciate the sentiment.” Lydia said, “But I must tell you that it is entirely undeserved. You need to trust your Second in Command more than anyone else, but I’ve been lying to you this entire time. Michael sent me here with a mission. He knew how close the two of us were and he wanted me to use that advantage to kill Magnus whenever I got the chance.” Alec straightened, disbelief and anger coursing through him, “He did  what?” Lydia’s hurried explanation was pained, “I’d already decided not to do it before I confessed my feelings for Isabelle. I should never have agreed in the first place, but he knew that I’d been helping you to go against his orders. It was the only way to ensure I remained in the Guard, and that was something I cared about before.”“He threatened  you?” Alec asked, knowing how much Lydia valued all that she’d achieved while working for the Palace, “He should have never used your position against you. You’re one of the best Guards!”  Lydia looked down, “I’m sorry. I understand if it changes what you just said.”“Lydia-  no.  Michael is an ass, but I already knew that. This only confirmed it. It changes nothing that I think about you. You’ve had to suffer because of magic, I know that your heart was in the right place. You still chose not to do it. You still chose to tell me.” “A warlock saved my life.” Lydia said, “If it hadn’t been for Ragnor, I would be dead right now. Whatever my feelings towards magic might be, I can’t ignore that.”Alec considered that, and said, “It’s not all bad; magic."Asmodeus had poisoned Edom, but with his death left the potential for rebuilding something better. It couldn’t just be Catarina, Ragnor, Tessa and Magnus. There had to be other warlocks out there that were good as well.“I know that now.” Lydia admitted in a small voice, “It’s still weird to me, being surrounded by so much of it. I can’t help but be reminded of John most of the time, and it’s hard, but it’s… it’s  good.  It feels like I’m finally moving on after all these years.”Alec smiled. They started walking again.“Now that you’re out of the Guard,” He said after a minute, “Does that mean you’ll finally be dropping your incessant formalities?”Lydia grinned, “You mean you don’t like it when I call you  Sir?” “I’m not particularly fond of  Your Highness,  either.”“I suppose I could start using  Your Majesty-” “Not for a long, long time.” Alec said, scrunching his nose, “A  very long time.”Lydia laughed, and it was as carefree as he’d ever heard her be. He thought he could get used to this version of Lydia, who was happy and content. “You will make an excellent King one day, Alec.” She said, “And it would have been my greatest honor to be your second-in-command.”“Have you told your Prince of these plans yet?” Catarina asked. She walked alongside Magnus and Ragnor on one of the many deserted streets of Edom. At her words, Magnus raised his head and looked a bit further down, to where Alec walked with his sister and their friends. They’d been searching all evening and the sun had started to set, and they still hadn’t found even the smallest hint that Jace might be somewhere here. Magnus could tell, from the tautness of Alec’s shoulders, that he was beginning to lose hope of ever finding his brother, and he wished desperately that there was something he could do.“No.” He said in answer to Catarina’s question.Catarina scoffed. “Never mind about Alexander.” Said Magnus, suddenly, “Have either of  you  given any more thought to what I asked?”“You asked for a great amount.” Ragnor said, looking at him.“Nothing ever comes easily.”“But this is  Edom.”  Catarina shook her head, “It will be incredibly difficult.”“It can’t stay unguarded. There is no more Spiral Council. The labyrinth is defenseless.” Magnus said, “Someone needs to watch over it.” Both warlocks were quiet. Magnus knew he was asking for a lot, and they had still not discussed the logistics of it. In a far off, seemingly impossible future, Magnus could envision Edom not just as another dimension but as part of Idris once again. He could imagine warlocks living here openly, unafraid of their abilities being persecuted if someone were to see them. But he knew that that wasn’t just  his  decision to make, nor was it just Ragnor’s or Catarina’s. Magnus had already decided that he needed to stay in Edom, at least partially, to keep the labyrinth from falling into the wrong hands. His father was dead, but that didn’t mean there weren’t others like him just waiting for an opportunity to enact similar plans. He’d asked Catarina and Ragnor to join him, but he’d also confessed his ideas for Edom’s future to them, and he’d asked them to help him with what he felt was a suitable first step. Reaching out to other warlocks, figuring out what they thought, eventually having them enter Edom as well. And maybe one day, in that far off future, they could start thinking about taking it out of hiding.
   One day. 
“Difficult is an understatement.” Ragnor said, but he didn’t sound opposed, just thoughtful. Magnus met Catarina’s eyes. “You need to tell Alec about this, Magnus.” Catarina said. Magnus didn’t answer.“Idris is  his  Kingdom.” She continued, “These plans involve him whether you want them to or not. Not to mention, I would rather  not  have to listen to you whine about how much you miss him when the three of us have sequestered ourselves off in another dimension.”“I do not whine.”“No.” Ragnor agreed, “You just brood silently and force everyone around you to endure it.”Catarina barked out a laugh, and Magnus stared at her, feeling betrayed. “I don’t like this.” Magnus told them, suddenly regretting all of his life choices, “I don’t like the two of you being friends.” “You should start getting used to it, then. Considering we’ll all be living together soon.” Ragnor said. Magnus looked at him, mouth opened, “Is that a yes? Are you agreeing?”He’d half expected them not to agree. He wouldn’t have faulted them if they had. It wouldn’t have been fair of him to expect them to uproot their entire lives to follow him on this ridiculous dream that was more than likely to fail. “Of course we’re agreeing.” Catarina said, as easily as if there had never been any other option.Magnus, both thrilled and nervous to think that  they were really doing this,  smiled at her in a show of gratitude. Maybe this wasn’t going to be an impossible task after all.Alec and the others had started walking towards them, and Magnus realized that,  no,  the difficult part had not been getting Catarina and Ragnor to agree. The difficult part was this. This goodbye. Not yet,  he told himself. They still had time, however short that time might be. He could still enjoy this while it lasted.Catarina gave him a worried look. “Will you be okay?” She asked tentatively. Magnus didn’t answer.“We searched everywhere.” Clary said, “Nothing. He isn’t here.”Alec was pacing. His frustration led to his restlessness, and he didn’t know how to combat it. He was looking forward to going back to Alicante and stopping the curse, but he hated that he would be doing it without Jace. He’d tried so hard. He’d been so sure. And worst of all, he’d  promised  Clary that they would get him back.The end was in sight, they finally had a way to end the curse, but without Jace the celebration just didn’t feel complete. “We will find him.” Alec said. He looked around at the doubtful faces, even Magnus, who pressed his lips together as if to avoid saying something contradictory.“We’ll find him, I swear it on the Angel that we will.” Alec insisted, putting as much conviction into his words as he could manage. He had  to believe it, even if no one else did. Giving up hope of finding Jace was just not something he was willing to do.He didn’t react when Magnus fell into place beside him, placing a hand on his shoulder.“We’ll find him.” Magnus said, “We will, Alec.” Alec prayed to every Angel that he knew that Magnus was right. 
  
    Chapter Text
    Michael Wayland turned ashen white as Alec walked into the Great Room, Magnus at his side. They were closely followed by Ragnor, Catarina, Clary, Isabelle and Lydia, and a dour looking teenage boy named Raphael who had driven Ragnor’s carriage here. Robert got to his feet, and the mixture of emotions on his face was hard to describe as he started towards them, his mouth opening with the beginning of a question.Michael was next to him in an instant. A hand shot out and grabbed hold of Robert by the upper arm, halting his movements as he whispered something in Robert’s ear that was too quiet for Alec to hear. Michael’s eyes were full of mistrust as he scanned the small group before him. One of the Guards -Raj, Lydia had called him- strolled ahead of them. He’d confiscated Lydia’s sword and held it firm in his hands now, somehow managing to retain his air of self importance even as he bowed in greeting his King. Alec decided then and there that he didn’t like Raj, and almost certainly never would.“Your Majesty.” Raj greeted pompously, “These warlocks were attempting to infiltrate the city. My group was out on patrol when we noticed their carriages driving through the streets, attempting to get to the Palace. They were reluctant to inform us of their business in Alicante and so we are certain that they were planning an attack-”“Oh,  shut up, Raj.” Alec interrupted with a groan. The Guard turned, outrage clear in his expression, though he held his mouth shut as he realized it was Alec who’d spoken to him. Alec drew himself up taller, enjoying the way Raj shrank back. Tightening his hold on the sword, Raj turned back to Michael and Robert, “Your Majesty, we also have reason to suspect that the warlocks have placed a spell over the Royal Children, if-”“Magnus.” Isabelle said, her curious tone deceptively innocent, “Is there a spell that we can use to make Raj be quiet for once?” “I  am getting tired of the sound of his voice. As well as his altered stories of what took place.” Ragnor added. Alec glanced over to the warlock. With his hands shoved carelessly into his pockets, Ragnor gave off the impression of being incredibly bored. Alec had noticed Michael and Robert eyeing Ragnor suspiciously when they’d come in, and he understood why; Ragnor’s hair was still vividly green.Raj spluttered indignantly, his eyes blazing with fury, “You will not speak to me in that manner. I am a delegate of the Royal Palace-”“Enough!” Robert cut him across. Robert drew himself away from Michael’s grasp, placing a hand over Michael’s when the head of the Palace Guard attempted to stop him yet again. Robert’s eyes met Alec’s, sharp and cold. “Alexander,  and Alexander alone.”  Robert added the distinction when Raj seemed to be considering inputting his own voice yet again. Raj stared ahead sourly as Robert continued, still looking at Alec, “What is the meaning of this?”Aec spoke, his voice clear and concise in the silence of the Hall, relaying the events of all that had happened since they’d left Alicante. He wove together each detail of the story as he’d learnt it from everyone else in the group, everyone having played a part in getting them to this point. From Isabelle and Clary visiting the Silent City and learning the truth of their Kingdom’s history, to Elias giving Magnus the message he’d received from Asmodeus. He told them about their decision to go to Ragnor’s, and about the existence of Edom. He told them about going to Edom with Magnus, and about what took place with Asmodeus and the Spiral Labyrinth.He left out the parts that no one outside of their group needed to know about; Lydia and Isabelle, himself and Magnus. He did not speak about Elias further than to say they’d gotten the message from him. His guilt about what had happened still ate at him if he let it, and the boy had suffered enough in his short life; he didn’t need to be memorialized as a horror story by anyone here. He did not mention Magnus’ mother, or the link between her and the  Keris  that he’d used to kill his father.Raj fumed silently from his corner as Alec told Robert of how they’d entered Alicante only to be stopped by the Guards who’d been patrolling the streets. They’d told Raj the truth, that they’d found a way to stop the curse and needed to be allowed through, and he hadn’t believed them. They’d been escorted to the palace on Alec’s demands and Magnus’ threats, because Raj had supposedly been told by Michael that if any of them showed their face in the city again, they were to be arrested immediately upon entry and taken to the Gard.Robert turned his fiery gaze upon Michael, who at least had the audacity to look abashed as he stuttered out an explanation, “The Prince told me himself that he would side with the warlocks if it came down to it.”Alec glared, “I told you that I would find a way to stop the curse. You chose  to come back here to Alicante and hide yourself away in  my  Palace while everyone else suffers the actual consequences of your decisions!” “I didn’t think you would be successful!” Michael snapped, “I thought it was a suicide mission. I don’t care what the Silent Brothers say, warlocks are not to be trusted! What if this is all a set up, what if they are just lying about having a cure and we’re walking right into our deaths!” “Michael.” Robert said imploringly. He turned to his friend, “There is no Adamas around the city. If the warlocks wanted us dead, they had plenty of opportunity to do so.”Michael didn’t seem convinced, but Robert had spoken and his word was final. Michael fell silent. “It does still leave the question of what happened to Maryse and Jace.” Robert said, “Every corner of Alicante was searched the day of Jace’s disappearance, nearly every resident was questioned. Michael led the team himself.”The room fell silent again. No one wanted to think about the worst of possibilities where Jace was concerned, but it was becoming increasingly difficult to avoid it. “Let us end this curse.” Alec said, “We can talk more about Jace after.”They ended up on the roof of the North Building. It was only the warlocks- Magnus holding the grimoire, Catarina and Ragnor on either side of him. The door leading back inside was opened and Alec stood just on the threshold, as far as he was willing to go away from Magnus, who had instructed everyone to stay inside. Alec wasn’t surprised when familiar, heavy footsteps began ascending the stairwell, making their way towards him. He also didn’t turn around to look when Robert settled into the space next to him.“I ended my engagement with Aline.” Alec said tonelessly, preparing himself for Robert’s wrath. It didn’t come. His father said nothing at all, so Alec continued, “I’ve decided that I’m tired of playing life by your rules. If I’m to be King, then I will do it my way. I won’t make the same mistakes that you and everyone who came before me did.”Robert didn’t have to guess the double meaning of Alec’s words, “You mean keeping the truth about the Great War a secret.” “I do.” Alec said, “That’s part of it.”Robert’s gaze was steady, “Some secrets exist for a reason.”Alec turned to him then. “Fear is never a good reason.”If Robert intended to respond, he didn’t get a chance to. Anything he might have said was drowned out by the loud roar that sounded out from the roof.Magnus had both hands on the grimoire and his mouth was moving as he spoke the words of the counter-curse. Blue light shot up from the book, swirling around him and up towards the dull grey sky, streaking it with lines of color as magic pierced through the clouds. Catarina and Ragnor both had their hands on Magnus’ shoulder and they held onto him as Magnus’ magic spread out all around them. Alec could see swirling lines of green and orange where Catarina and Ragnor were touching Magnus, pouring their own magic, their own strength, into him as he worked. The Fog had already begun to fight back, the source of the noise Alec had heard, bellowing angrily in retaliation. The closer it got to the warlocks, the harder Magnus’ magic pushed back against it. Alec’s knuckles were turning white where he gripped the door, his eyes locked worriedly on Magnus, who had begun to sway with exhaustion as he expended himself so far past his own limits. Through his peripheral vision Alec could see Robert staring out in amazement, and he remembered that his father had likely never seen magic performed to this extent. “By the Angel.” Robert swore under his breath, peering out onto the roof with wide eyes.Light pushed through darkness and down towards the city, forcing its way into the Fog until, eventually, it began to disintegrate under its touch. It didn’t look much different from a sunrise, Alec thought as the buildings of Alicante began to shine through once again, finally visible as the Fog thinned itself out. Only the faintest hint of black was left, and with a final gust of magic that sent all three of the warlocks stumbling backwards, blue light swallowed it whole.Alec dashed across the roof just as the grimoire fell out of Magnus’ hands. He pulled Magnus into his arms and the warlock sagged into his hold, Catarina and Ragnor sinking down onto the ground beside them as well. “It’s over?” Alec asked, not daring to believe it even though the evidence was all around him. The sky was blue, dotted with white clouds. He could see Alicante spread out before him, as clear as the brightest day. Magnus gave him a look of complete, utter exhaustion, but there was an undercurrent of self satisfaction that was evident in the sparkling gold of his eyes. Even Catarina, who had been most vocal about her dislike of Alicante, appeared thrilled in the face of their success. Ragnor grinned up at them.“It’s over.” Magnus said, “You have your city back.”Alec grabbed Magnus and pulled him in closer. Their kiss was uncoordinated through their laughter, and they were still kissing when the rain began to fall.Alec elbowed his way through the crowd that had gathered on the courtyard. Despite the rain, which was falling steadily now even though the sun still blazed down on them, he was surrounded by nearly all the residents and staff who lived on the Palace grounds. Even the Guards, who were known for their strict stoicism, were breaking out into wide grins as they embraced each other, and Alec knew that similar celebrations were likely taking place all across the city.Alec caught sight of Tessa Gray standing on the other side of the yard. She had Jocelyn Fairchild with her, who Clary rushed over to and threw her arms around. Not for the first time, Alec felt a pang of sympathy for Clary. He had no idea what things would be like for her and her mother now, especially with Jace gone, but he was certain that there was no way it would go back to being the same as it had been. Max emerged from the opened doors with Isabelle holding his hands, Lydia smiling down at them both as she followed after them. Alec started towards them, but was stopped by someone grabbing hold of him by the wrist and pulling him back to them.“Magnus-?” He began, but was cut off by the warlock’s urgent look. He let Magnus pull him aside and against an alcove in the wall that hid them from view of most of the courtyard. “I thought you were upstairs?” Alec said, brows creasing, “You shouldn't be walking around-”Magnus gave him a small smile, as though Alec’s concern was endearing to him, “I needed to see you.”“As flattered as I am-”  “No,  Alexander.” Magnus cut him off, “This rain- it’s infused with a spell. A truth spell. Everyone that the water touches will be compelled to tell you the truth.”At Alec’s stunned expression, Magnus went on, “Someone in this palace knows what happened to your mother, Alexander. This is how you find out.”Alec shook his head, “But- I thought, what about the Adamas-?”“I’ll put the barriers back up the moment this is done.” Magnus said, “But for now…”“It’s a great spell, but what am I supposed to do? Go around asking everyone if they know something about my mother’s death?”Magnus hesitated, “Not  everyone,  no. Do you know that woman?"Alec looked."Iris Rouse?" He asked, "She's the Palace's Head Nurse."Magnus looked at him, about to say something else, but they were cut off by a loud scream that tore Alec’s attention away from Magnus. He jumped out of the alcove, and found Ragnor Fell holding onto a woman with fiery red hair. Jocelyn was glaring up at the green haired warlock as he held her firmly by the arm, and a small circle of watchers had gathered around them, though none of them seemed willing to intervene on Jocelyn’s behalf. Ragnor looked over to Magnus, “I think your spell worked. This one was trying to get away.”“I have no idea what you’re even talking about!” Jocelyn cried, looking distressed as she gave another futile wrench of her arm. Tessa and Clary ran over to her.“Ragnor!” Clary said angrily, advancing on the pair, “What are you  doing?” “I heard her talking to that one.” Ragnor said, pointing accusingly to Tessa, “She told her what the spell was, and she immediately said that she needed to leave.” Alec remembered that Tessa was a warlock, of course she must’ve recognized the spell. But why would Jocelyn-?Alec stalked over to them, Magnus on his heels. Clary’s eyes were wide and fearful as they approached, “Alec,  please,  whatever this is-”“Clary.” It was Isabelle’s voice, gentle and cautious. She reached out to take Clary’s hand, and Clary yanked it away from her, still looking pleadingly towards Alec, “She didn’t do anything!”Alec wasn’t paying them any attention. He came to a stop in front of Jocelyn, and suddenly it felt as though all of his anger and frustration over his mother’s death had been pushed forward. Robert and Michael appeared in the clearing next, looking down at Jocelyn with equal expressions of disdain.“What is the meaning of this?” Michael demanded. “Magnus placed a spell on the rain that would force everyone it touched to confess the truth.” Alec said, and he felt Magnus tense up beside him. Michael’s face froze, “He did  what?” “Jocelyn heard about it and tried to leave the Palace.” Alec continued. Slowly, Michael and Robert both turned towards Jocelyn, who was crying openly now, her face splotched with red,  “Please,  I swear I had nothing to do with Maryse’s death!” Magnus touched Alec’s arm, “Alec-”“Then why were you trying to leave?” Alec demanded, “You had to have known something!”"We should throw her in the Gard right now." Michael said, "She obviously won't say anything-"“She already said she had nothing to do with it!” Clary cried out, “She couldn’t lie- you said so yourself! Let her go!”Robert grabbed onto Jocelyn and all but yanked her out of Ragnor’s grip, his voice was deadly cold as he ordered, “Tell me the truth. Or I swear I will have you thrown into the Gard and you can protect your secrets  there instead.”Jocelyn’s free hand flew up to Robert’s face, clawing at him as she desperately tried to free herself. Robert, shocked, released her just long enough for Michael to wrench both of her hands behind her back, “Tell us the truth!”“I did not kill Maryse!” Jocelyn gasped, clutching at her throat as her eyes burned with outrage, “I killed  Valentine,  my husband.” A gasp sounded throughout the crowd. Even Clary fell silent, and Alec knew from her reaction that this was a surprise to her as well. Jocelyn sobbed as Michael finally released her, and the woman fell to her knees with her face in her hands.Tessa Gray stepped forward. “It was me.” She said, loud and clear, her voice ringing out through the low murmuring that had begun sweeping through the crowd. Tessa stood tall, “I did it. I made the potion that Jocelyn used to kill Valentine. If you punish her, then you have to punish me as well.” Immediately, Alec could pick apart certain words as the voices of the crowd rose-  Warlock, poison, evil.  Alec knew that if this got out, Tessa and Jocelyn would both rot away in a prison cell for the rest of their lives. They might even throw Clary in there as well, even though Clary had only been a child when this had happened. It didn’t matter that Valentine had been hated by everyone, or that he’d deserved his fate. The fact that Jocelyn had been the one to kill him was proof that Jocelyn was just as evil as her husband had been. It was proof that they’d outcast her for a reason.“No.” Alec said, before he’d even fully thought his words through, “No one gets punished.”Robert spun around to face him, “Alec, stay out of this-” “No.”  He repeated, his voice rising, “I’m done keeping quiet.  Valentine  was the one who set that fire at the Herondale Mansion, not his wife, and not his daughter. Clary and Jocelyn have never done anything wrong, even Valentine himself admitted to that, and yet we outcast them both for fear that they might one day turn on us too. Fear makes us all do terrible things. Fear is what made us massacre hundreds of warlocks during the Great War and what made us hide that truth even after all these years have gone by. I won’t live the rest of my life in fear, and I won’t be a King who rules with that as his only advantage.”“We have good reason to fear warlocks.” Michael said, “Who is to say that they won’t turn on us one day? Their power can’t go unregulated the way it once was. That was the purpose of the Accords- the agreement they refused to sign. I doubt that anything has changed since then.”“You keep saying that you can’t trust me, Michael.” Magnus said stonily, “I’m compelled to tell the truth about anything you want to know. Ask me.” Michael paled, “This is ridiculous! Obviously the warlocks would have protected themselves against their own spells!”“He’s right!” Raj called out. Alec spun around and pinned the Guard to his spot, noting that Lydia watched him with a similar hatred. Robert stepped forward, facing Magnus, “Did you have anything to do with my wife’s death?”Magnus eyes burned gold, “No. I knew nothing about it. Now ask the same of  him.” Robert’s brows pulled down, “Of  Michael?” “Enough of this,” Michael growled, charging towards them. Magnus pushed Alec out of the way, and Alec saw the flash of silver in Michael’s hand at the same time that Lydia appeared in the spot he’d just been, raising her own sword high at the same time that Michael brought his down. It clashed against Michael’s’ with a deafening clang. Magnus raised a hand and, with a wave of blue, sent Michael’s dagger flying. Ragnor extended a hand towards Michael at the same time, and chains of glittering green -the same color of Ragnor’s hair- twisted themselves around Michael’s torso. The man looked around with fear plain in his eyes as his dagger landed beside Alec, and Alec bent to pick it up. He twisted the metal in his hands.Alec stepped forward, his heart beating fast,  “Michael.”  But Robert had already beat him to it. He was standing beside his friend, rain pouring down against his face. Robert looked at Michael as though, for the first time in all the years that he’d known him, he didn’t recognize the person that looked back at him.“Tell me it isn’t true.” Robert said, “Michael- you are my closest friend. Tell me that this isn’t true.”Michael said nothing. His shoulders sagged. He didn’t look angry anymore, just accepting. “Robert-  please.”  Robert opened his mouth, but no words came out. He looked as though he couldn’t bring himself to ask the only question that needed answering, and Alec couldn’t help but feel sympathy for him. It was Magnus who walked towards them, glaring down at Michael, and asked, “Did you kill the Queen?”Michael looked like he was in real, excruciating pain. His lips pressed together so hard that the veins at the side of his side began to pop out. He bowed his head, tearing his gaze away from the intensity of Robert’s, his breathing deep and ragged as he held himself stiffly and begged one last time, “Please- don’t-”“Answer the question, Michael.” Robert said quietly, “Did you kill her? Was it you?”The word was spoken as though it was torn right from him,  “Yes.” And everything erupted into chaos.The crowd had fallen silent during the exchange and now they were speaking again, cries of outrage and disbelief exploding across the courtyard. Alec heard none of it. His vision went red- zeroed in on Michael. The weight of the dagger was heavy in his hand as he crossed the short distance back over to where Michael still stood with Robert in front of him. He heard people calling out his name, hands reaching for him that he shrugged off impatiently- he didn’t care, nothing else mattered, only this. “I know where Jace is!” Michael cried out. Alec stopped moving. Magnus was in front of him, hands on his face, urging Alec’s eyes down to his, “Alexander- listen to me.”“What?” It was Robert who spoke. His father was still standing beside Michael, still as a statue. Alec didn’t think he’d moved the entire time since Michael had confessed. The betrayal and anguish he felt was evident in every line of his body as he demanded again, “What did you just say?”Michael, finally, looked back up at Robert. His eyes were red, whether from crying or from the droplets of rain falling into them, Alec wasn’t sure. “I know where Jace is.” Michael said, “I will take you to him.”Wayland Manor rested near the outskirts of Alicante, closer to Brocelind Woods. Alec had only been here a handful of times; Michael spent most of his time at his apartment in the Palace, and his family house had been relegated to something of a vacation house instead of an actual home. Still, it was kept in good condition, and Micheal produced a silver key from around his neck and slotted it into place in the front door, allowing them into the house after him. The rain had stopped falling now and Michael wasn’t restrained, but he’d been stripped of all his weapons and he walked alongside four other Guards caging him between them. “Stay here with Lydia.” Isabelle said softly, leaning down to Max. Max fixed her with a pout, but he went to stand besides Lydia as he’d been told. Magnus squeezed Alec’s hand in his, a simple reassuring touch that Alec was immensely grateful for.“I’ll wait out here.” Magnus said. Alec looked back as he entered the house and found Ragnor and Catarina coming up to Magnus. Raphael walked with them as well, sticking close to Ragnor and looking like he wished he’d stayed in Princewater.Isabelle waited on Alec, looking at him nervously as he approached her. They walked together with Michael and Robert and two other Guards, down the hallway and into the library. It was filled with shelves of books lining almost all the walls, and a statue of Ithuriel, an Angel, near the window. Michael walked with clear reluctance over to one of the shelves and reached up to the very top of it. Instantly, the Guards drew their weapons, and Michael froze. He eyed them, his mouth turned down, “There is a secret passage behind this shelf.” The Guards looked to Robert, and Alec saw the way Michael’s eyes dimmed even further. Any other time, Michael’s word would have been enough. He still wore his Guard uniform, but it was the only thing that distinguished him from any other prisoner, and to have fallen so low was a tragic fate for someone who’d once been in Michael’s position. Isabelle shifted closer to Alec.“Go on.” Robert said to Michael. Michael reached back up for the shelf, but this time, his hand fumbled. He turned around to look at Robert, eyes wide and desperate, “My friend, I swear to you-”“I don’t want to hear it Michael.” Robert said stonily. He raised a hand to silence the other man, and Michael’s pain was so strong it radiated off of him in waves. Alec almost felt pity towards him.  Almost. With a sigh, Michael did as he was told. He pulled several books off of the highest shelf, one after the other, depositing them at his feet as he did. When the shelf was entirely cleared out, Michael reached straight through it and pressed his hand against the backing. He stepped away, and the entire shelf swung itself forward to reveal a doorway. Robert inhaled sharply. “Go.” He said to the Guards, “Find my son.”The Guards went, nudging Michael ahead of them, and Alec watched as they disappeared down a darkened hallway.“Father…” Isabelle attempted to say, but Robert turned away from her. Isabelle didn’t seem offended by the action, just incredibly sad. “It’s not you.” Alec said anyway. Despite his own personal dislike of Michael, Alec knew how highly Robert had always regarded the man. Alec could remember how he had felt when he’d found out about Magnus’ possible betrayal, even though he’d always known that it wasn’t true. Robert had definitive proof staring him right in the face; it had to hurt ten times worse for him to lose someone he’d loved for so long, in such a horribly unimaginable way.There was a commotion from down the corridor that the others had disappeared into, and then two people were emerging from it.“Jace!” Isabelle cried. Alec stared, hardly daring to believe that he was actually seeing his brother again, but it  was  Jace; his blonde hair was more ruffled than usual and he had dark spots under his eyes. His clothes were too big for his lean frame and he looked disheveled and unkempt in a way that Jace never did, but it was undeniably  Jace.  Jace, who was  alive.  Jace, who was  not dead.  Jace, who was finally back with them.Alec ran to him, both him and Isabelle colliding hard with Jace at the same time. The three of them fell over, unexpectedly, still holding onto each other even as they tumbled against the floor. “Jace!” It was Clary, who’d appeared in the library. Alec looked over at her- she’d stayed behind with Jocelyn when they’d left, but she stood there now with a wide smile and her green eyes brighter than Alec had seen in days. It was as if a weight had been lifted off of her, and the effect of it was immediately obvious. She joined them on the ground, and Alec and Isabelle pulled away just enough so that Jace could grab onto Clary. She buried her face in his neck, and Alec couldn’t tell if her shoulders were shaking so badly due to crying or laughing.“You came.” Jace murmured into her hair. He looked up at his brother and his sister, “You’re all here. Max…?” “Outside. I’ll go get him.” Isabelle said, jumping to her feet. Clary pulled back, though she didn’t release her grip on Jace and Jace looked as though he would kill anyone who tried to make her. “Mother?” Jace asked. He gazed up at Alec, and Alec saw the hope flicker out of his expression without him having to even say it out loud. “Oh.”“I’m so sorry, Jace.” Alec said, leaning in closer to his brother. Jace shook his head, his voice scratchy,  “I’m  sorry that I wasn’t there for all of you. Fuck. Is she really-?”“Jace!” Max screamed, and Alec only saw a blur of movement before the three of them were knocked back down again. He landed with a laugh as Max attacked Jace with hugs of his own, and he looked over to see Jace wiping at his eyes with the back of his hand, forcing a watery smile.“I could get used to hearing my name called out this much.” He said. Behind them, Robert was leaning against the wall. He looked relieved, and happy, to have Jace back, but it was as though everything else that had happened clouded over him like a shadow. He didn’t seem entirely  there. Michael was no longer in the room, and neither were the Guards who’d come with them, so Alec assumed that he’d been escorted out at some point. Magnus appeared at the library door, his eyes glittering with amusement as he looked down at their pile of bodies huddled together in a never ending hug.Eventually, Robert got down onto the floor with them. There was still a lot to be discussed, Alec knew. Things were far from perfect. But they had their brother back now, Clary had her partner, Robert had his son. For just this one moment, Alec allowed himself to push everything else aside and focus only on the overwhelming joy that came with that.“Robert and I met each other when we were children.” Michael said. He was slouched into a corner of his cell at the Gard, having now surrendered his uniform and changed into plain prisoner's clothes: trousers and a threadbare shirt. Alec, Isabelle, Robert, and Jace stood on the outside of the cell, the padlocked gate separating them from Michael. Clary was there as well, because Jace had refused to be separated from her, as was Magnus, who had refused to miss the opportunity to see Michael imprisoned.  “It’s always been the two of us.” Michael continued, “He always knew he would be King one day, and I was there at his side every step of the way as he prepared to take on that role. I was everything he asked me to be: a confidant, a friend, a soldier. I cared for him more than I cared for myself, and I used to think he felt the same way about me. I didn’t think too much of it when Maryse first came around. I had never had reasons to doubt Robert’s loyalties to me, and I didn’t think that any girl could break our bond apart. But then he and Maryse started to get closer, and they started spending more time together, and I was left to tag along like a pathetic puppy begging for scraps of his attention.”Despite his paleness, locked away in his cell, Michael’s voice became rougher and noticeably angrier as he spoke, “I tried to talk to him, tried to get him to understand that she was getting between us, that she was destroying us, but he refused to listen. He told me one night of their engagement, and he didn’t even notice how it broke me to hear those words. I swallowed my pain. I told myself that eventually, he would understand how much he needed me and come back to me. I stood with him at that altar when he vowed his life to her in front of the entire Kingdom. I stood by him when he ascended the throne. I took on the role as his Second in Command. I was dutiful, loyal, once again being everything he needed me to be. I celebrated the birth of his children. I smiled with the woman that had stolen him from me. And I waited. All those years, I was patient. And when his marriage began to fall apart I told myself that he would finally see that it had been me who’d stuck by him the entire time. I was the only one he could count on. I was the only one who had never disappointed him.And then he met  her.  Annamarie. Maryse found out about her. She asked me, because she knew that I knew everything about Robert, even the things that he didn’t tell her. I told her the truth because I thought it would make her leave. Robert would not remarry. It would finally be just the two of us, together, as we were meant to be. But Maryse didn’t leave. Instead, she told Robert that they had to try to fix things, and Robert agreed. I was livid. All those years of hanging around, doing what was expected of me, biding my time, picking up the pieces where she had failed. I knew that something needed to be done. I had heard the rumors of warlocks in Brocelind Woods and I went out every night until I found one. He told me that his name was Lorenzo Rey, and he offered me a potion that I would feed to Maryse; one teaspoon a night, for three consecutive nights. I did the first two nights as I’d planned, and Maryse began to fall sick as I was told she would. I had expected Robert to be unhappy, of course. But he was… he was  distraught. He could barely focus. He wasn’t eating, he’d stopped sleeping. He talked constantly of Maryse’s health. He brought in doctors from everywhere trying to cure her. I hesitated in giving her the third and final dose. I couldn’t be the hand that dealt such a cruel blow to my dearest friend. And then Jace saw me that day, with the poison. He figured it out. He threatened to expose what I'd done and he wouldn't listen to me as I explained that I'd changed my mind. I knocked him out and snuck him back to my house, and then I went back to Lorenzo and told him that I needed the cure, but he said that there wasn’t one. That’s when I saw the two of  you.”He looked at Magnus and Alec; Alec, who was livid, and Magnus, who was doing a much better job of hiding his own anger, “Lorenzo told me Magnus’ name. He told me about how powerful he was. I figured that if Lorenzo couldn’t get me a cure, Magnus could.”“And then when he didn’t, you decided to pin the blame on him instead.” Alec said. Michael didn’t answer, but he didn’t need to. Robert walked forward, gripping the bars of the cell so hard they rattled. “You killed my wife,” He said slowly, “Because  you felt I didn’t give you enough attention?” “I loved you!” Michael said, “I still love you. I loved you more than she ever did. She didn’t want  you,  she wanted the throne!”Robert was red with rage, “Someone who loved me would have never hurt me in such a way!”  “I was trying to do what was best for you!” Michael insisted. He scrambled to his feet, “Don’t you remember the past couple of days, how good we were together? It could be like that now. There’s nothing standing between us now!”“Oh is that how you see it?” Robert asked, his voice cutting, “Here’s how I saw the past few days: my city was ravaged with an evil curse no one could figure out, three of my four children were missing, and my wife had just died! I wasn’t happy these past few days, Michael! They were the worst days of my life! I never want to live like that again!” Michael balked. “No.” He said, rushing forward, “No, Robert, you don’t mean that. Your emotions are just all over the place right now, but you’ll see soon enough. You’ll realize that you love me too.”Robert’s eyes were deadly. If looks could kill, Michael would have surely dropped to the floor already. “Listen to me carefully, because I want you to remember these words. I want these words to be the only thing you think about while you spend the rest of your life locked away in this cell. I will never love you. I hate you. You are a despicable person. I want nothing to do with you, Michael Wayland.” With that, Robert turned on his heels and stalked away, down the hall. He did not look back even once, and eventually he turned the corner and disappeared entirely from Alec’s line of sight. Michael watched him go, and it was like Alec was seeing the man’s entire life crumble to pieces before his eyes. He looked like a man who had not only had his heart broken but stomped on viciously by the person he’d chosen to give it to. “Jace.” Michael said brokenly. Jace’s face twisted in pure disgust, but Michael didn’t even seem to notice it, “I always planned to release you. I just needed time- I needed Robert to see that I had done what was best. By that time he wouldn’t have cared if you’d told him the truth. I just needed- maybe a few years-” “A few years?”  Clary spluttered, “You had planned to keep Jace locked away in your cellar for a few  years?”  Michael sneered, “Valentine Morgenstern’s daughter. It should be  you  in here, not me. Your father was allowed to walk free even after what he did-”“Valentine wanted glory. He lost all chances he had of gaining that when he was outcast, and then he had to walk around the people he’d once scorned and know that he was lesser  than them.” Alec said, “But  you  want my father. You went through all of this trouble just to be close to him, and now you’ll never see him again.”“And you’ll rot in here for the rest of your life.” Isabelle said scathingly, “While he lives on, happy, without you.” Michael wrenched his hands back from the bar. He really did look like a puppy, Alec mused. A kicked puppy. “Let’s get out of here.” Alec said, taking Magnus by the hand, “We have a newly not-cursed city to enjoy.”“You’re not going to jump out of the window again, are you?” Alec asked as he closed the door to his bedroom. Magnus smirked at him from where he sat on the windowsill, the glass pushed open to let in the evening air. The sun had started to set over Alicante, and the twinkling spots of witchlight were dusted across the city. “You’re not on the run anymore. You’re always welcome downstairs.” “Catarina and Ragnor can eat for me.” “Max has been dying to meet you.” Alec said. He walked across the room, and Magnus spun his legs around so that Alec could slot himself in between them. He placed his hands at Magnus’ waist, lightly brushing over his skin where the warlock’s shirt had drawn up, leaning in to press a chaste kiss to his mouth.“I’d love to meet the youngest Lightwood.” Magnus said, smiling softly. Alec cleared his throat. He had come up here for a reason, and he knew it was best to just get it over with instead of prolonging and eventually talking himself out of it yet again. “I wanted to tell you something.” He said, “Before the effects of the truth spell have washed off...” Magnus pressed a finger against Alec’s lips, cutting him off mid sentence.“Don’t say it.” He said, “Say it because you want to, because you feel it with your entire being, not because a spell compels you to.”Alec tried to hide his disappointment, even though he knew that Magnus was right, “I want you to know that I mean it.” Magnus leaned in and touched his forehead to Alec’s, “I know you do. I mean it too.”And then he pulled Alec in to kiss him languidly. As Magnus’ hands ran through his hair, Alec thought that he could spend an eternity kissing Magnus and it still wouldn’t be enough to satisfy him. “I love when you do that.” He spoke softly against Magnus’ lips. Knowing exactly what Alec was referring to, Magnus gave the strands of his hair a gentle tug, “I know you do.”They stayed like that for a long while, relearning the shape of each other’s mouths and trying to kiss around their own smiles until they were forced to pull away for breathing purposes, much to Alec’s annoyance. His hands were resting entirely on Magnus’ bare skin now, the fabric of Magnus shirt almost pushed up his torso. Alec leaned in closer, his mouth latching on to the base of Magnus’ neck and sucking gently at that spot until Magnus shivered under him, but he didn’t try to kiss Alec again like Alec had expected him to.“There’s something I need to tell you.” He said instead, and Alec pulled back just enough to meet his eyes. “You’re going to Edom.” Alec said without question. Magnus was first shocked, then angry, “Did Catarina and Ragnor tell you?”“No.” Alec laughed, running a hand up Magnus’ spine, “I saw the way you looked while we were there. That’s your home, even if you’ve never actually lived there. I know you need to go back.”Magnus gave him a guarded look, “You’re not upset?”“That I won’t be able to see you whenever I want? Of course I’m upset.” Alec said. Truthfully, he had no idea how he was being so calm about the entire thing, but he knew that this was something Magnus had to do. He told him as much, and then he listened as Magnus told him more about what he eventually hoped to achieve.“You will be King one day.” Magnus said, “This involves you just as much as it does me, or anyone else.” Alec heard the unasked question, but it wasn’t something Magnus ever needed to doubt. Alec was with him, entirely, for anything he needed. Everyone else would simply have to get on board.“Then I look forward to working with you.” Alec said. Magnus leaned into him, “We’ll figure it out. Creating portals in and out of Edom is a challenge, but it’s not impossible. I have no intention of giving you up, Alexander. Nothing is more important to me than you are.” “I’m yours.” Alec told him, just because he liked the way those words sounded on his tongue, “Whenever you need me, however you want me. There’s no one else, Magnus, only you. I’ll be here waiting for you.”“You’re sure you won’t go off and get engaged to someone else while I’m away?” Magnus teased, but there was an undercurrent of vulnerability in the words that Alec immediately caught on to.  “No one else.”  He repeated, leaning in for another kiss, “There is never going to be anyone else.”Night descended over Alicante as Alec whispered the words, again and again, sealing his sincerity into Magnus’ subconscious as he covered every inch of skin that his lips could reach.  
  
    Chapter Text
    
  Six Months Later
 “The ceremony was beautiful.” Tessa said as she slipped into the chair beside Alec. Next to her was Jem Carstairs, the Silent Brother, though he’d forsaken the traditional robes for the occasion and was instead dressed in a tailored blue suit.Alec smiled at them both and put down his almost empty wine glass, “Izzy planned it, so of course it was.”“She has excellent taste.” said Tessa, “Though I must say, I almost thought that this would be  your  wedding.” Alec laughed. He looked around the spectacularly decorated ballroom, and it wasn’t difficult to spot Clary and Jace. They stood pressed together, as they’d been all night, slowly dancing in the middle of the room and seemingly unaware of the small crowd that had gathered around to watch them. They were both dressed in gold, the color for Idris weddings.“Perhaps it almost was.” Alec said coyly. Breaking off his engagement with Aline had gone over smoother than either of them had expected. Jia and Patrick’s disappointment had only lasted as long as it had taken for Aline to introduce them to the person she really  wanted to marry: a woman named Helen Blackthorn, of the Blackthorn family that lived near Princewater, whom Aline had been friends with for quite some time. Across the room, Aline stood now with Helen at her side, both of their heads inclined towards each other in a whispered conversation. Their smiles were radiant and evident even from where Alec sat so far away from them. He suspected it wouldn’t be long before he got an invitation to  their  wedding. He looked back at Tessa and found that she had followed his gaze. Her eyes twinkled, but she didn’t have time to ask before another voice was cutting across their conversation.“Jem! Tessa!” Isabelle called as she ran over to them. She clutched Lydia’s hand in hers and appeared to be dragging the other woman behind her, though Lydia only looked delighted to be dragged around by Isabelle.  Isabelle pointed over her shoulder, to the side doors of the balcony where a tall man stood glowering at them, “Brother Enoch is very close to dragging you away. He told me to come get you.”Alec had to stifle a laugh, and Jem appeared to be doing the same. The Brother’s weren’t often allowed to leave the Silent City, but special exceptions had been made for Jem at Isabelle’s request. Brother Enoch had come with him -they’d even managed to wrangle him into a suit as well- though he’d spent the entire ceremony looking as though he was planning his escape. “We did come over here to say goodbye.” Jem said as he got to his feet. He extended a hand towards Tessa, and she took it with a smile and allowed herself to be pulled up. “Do give Clary and Jace our best.” She said. They all watched as Brother Enoch turned sharply and disappeared through the doors, skulking away into the night.  Isabelle watched him go.“He’s kind of hot.” She said. Jem looked greatly pained to have overheard this, and did not respond. Lydia tapped her lightly on her shoulder. “What!” Isablelle said accusingly, “He is! In a hot-teacher kind of way!”“Does that mean you also find Ragnor  hot?” Lydia asked. Isabelle paused, seeming to consider this. Tessa laughed, “Come on Jem. Let’s go before Enoch actually does come to drag us away. I don’t put it past him.” They waved as the pair of them walked away, and Lydia turned to Alec. “Are they a couple?” She asked curiously. Alec shrugged, “They certainly act as if they are.”“Jem was William Herondale’s best friend, before he died.” Isabelle said, “There are rumors that that was the reason Jem became a Silent Brother.”“But Silent Brothers aren’t permitted to have relationships.” Said Alec, though he’d thought the same as Lydia on several occasions. He knew that Magnus had asked Tessa to come to Edom with them, but she’d declined. She’d wanted to be near Jem.Lydia looked over to Isabelle, “Everyone finds a way, if they truly want one.”Isabelle flushed, and then straightened up abruptly, “Father’s coming.”Immediately alert, Alec jumped to his feet and turned around. Sure enough, Robert was walking towards them, or more precisely, towards  Alec , looking entirely too serious for a wedding. “Can I speak with you privately?” Robert asked. Alec looked helplessly towards his sister and Lydia, but they both shrugged. He had no excuse. With a sigh, Alec nodded and trailed behind his father as he walked across the room, away from the crowd.
“Is something wrong?” Alec asked. If there was, he felt it was better to just get it out of the way as quickly as possible. Robert frowned, “Ah- No. Not exactly.”“That doesn’t sound much better.”They settled into a quiet corner of the room, and Robert shifted uncomfortably on his feet, “I realized that I never officially apologized to you.”Alec froze. “I know.” He said. It was true. The past few months had been almost constantly busy, and Alec hadn't been spending all that much time at the palace. Not to mention, he'd actively avoided being alone with his father for much of that time whenever he  was  at the palace. He wasn’t sure why Robert thought  now  was a good time to bring this up, though.“I have to say, Alec, that I do admire the work you've been doing.” This surprised Alec, though he wasn't sure why. His father had been the one to grant Alec and Isabelle entry into the Silent City, to access their archives and begin researching for themselves the history that had been hidden from them. Robert hadn't said much to him about it when Alec had asked, simply signing off his permission with a begrudging nod. Alec hadn't pushed the topic. He knew that his father had still not fully recovered from the blow that had been dealt to him with Michael’s betrayal, and Alec had just been grateful that that first thing had gone over well.“Thank you.” Alec said, and he meant it. He'd not put much stake on his father’s approval; Alec had every intention of going through with his own plans regardless of what Robert thought about them and he knew that Isabelle agreed, but it was still nice to hear the words. Robert scratched behind his neck the way he did when he was avoiding saying something, “I let Michael draw a wedge between the two of us that should have never existed. I believed him when he said he had my best interests at heart. I never realized what he was  really  trying to do- isolate me, push everyone away from me so that he would have me for himself. The things he said about you children-”"He said things about Izzy and Max?" Alec asked sharply. He'd known about Michael’s endless complaints for  him,  but he'd never suspected him of having an issue with his siblings.Robert nodded, “And Jace. Izzy was too frivolous, her behavior unbecoming for a lady of her stature. Jace was raucous and hard headed and would inevitably bring shame to our family with his proximity to us. Max was too idle-”“Max is a child.” Alec said angrily. Anyone having a problem with any of his siblings always pushed at all the wrong buttons, but especially Max, who was innocent and gentle and wouldn’t willingly hurt a fly.“Is it too late to kill him?” Alec asked. Robert gave a wry smile, but Alec fully meant the words.He shook his head, “I can't believe him. Even Max.”“Do you know how many nights I have stayed awake wondering what I would've done if Michael had chosen to take out his anger on one of you, instead of Maryse?" Robert asked, “I allowed his resentment to grow. I didn’t see the signs, though looking back now, everything had always been obvious.”“Father- no.” Alec said. Sure, Robert had a part to play in it, but no one could have predicted what Michael had done. Robert had been doing everything within his power to make amends with his children over the past six months. He’d lifted the punishment off of Clary and Jocelyn, and had allowed them the use of the Fairchild name. He’d given Clary and Jace his blessing when they’d announced their engagement, and he’d even offered Lydia the position of being his Second in Command in Michael’s absence.Lydia had turned it down. She’d loved her time in the Guard, but she wanted space to get to know who she was without it. It had gone, instead, to Andrew Underhill.“This wasn’t your fault.” Alec said finally. Robert didn’t look entirely convinced. “I said horrible things to you.” He said, “I lied to you. The fact that you’re standing here speaking to me is a testament to the fact that you’re a much better person that I ever was.”“Father-”“Let me finish. I know the work you’ve been doing with the Silent City is important, and you’ve made me so proud, son. But now that people know magic exists, and they’re starting to figure out the truth, they’ve begun to talk about what it all means for  me.” Alec stared. He’d known this, of course. The Silent City had not yet made any grand announcements nor had they opened their doors to the masses, but the display Magnus, Catarina and Ragnor had put on when they’d ended the curse had been enough for most people to start putting things together on their own. Alicantians were nothing if not insidious gossips, and it hadn't taken long for word to spread throughout Idris.“I’m not sure what you’re saying.” Alec said tentatively, “Do you- do you want me to  stop?”  “No.” Robert said, “The only thing I want is for you to be a better King than I was.” “I don’t understand.”“That’s what I wanted to speak to you about. People are upset. They know what we,  what I, kept from them. They know about Michael. They’re saying that I’m unfit to rule. They’re calling for my removal from the throne. And I agree with them.”Alec jolted back, “You can’t mean that.”“But I do.” Robert gave him a grave look, “I’ve been speaking with Andrew, and I had a meeting with Consul Dieudonné recently. We all agree that it will be better if I exit quietly, without a fuss. None of us want a riot, and we suspect that those will start soon if I don’t go willingly.” Alec felt faint. He slumped back against the wall, “But. If you abdicate, then that means… it means  I’ll  be King.”“A better one than I was.”“I’m not ready.” Alec said. He wasn’t. He couldn’t be King. Not yet. Robert came up to him and placed a hand on his shoulder, “You’ve been ready for this for a long time, Alec. I was the one who didn’t believe in you, and I was always wrong.”Alec wanted to remark that Robert was wrong  now,  but when he raised his head to say the words, he stopped.The grand double doors at the front of the ball room had opened, and someone strolled through. Fitted black suit sewn with glittering silver thread that matched the silver rings on his fingers and the chains around his neck. There was a single strand of color in his otherwise black hair; also silver, because of course it was. “I have to go.” Alec said hurriedly, “Can we continue this conversation another time?”Robert sighed, but he gave his son an indulgent smile, “Give Magnus my best.”Alec barely heard the end of the sentence. He pushed himself off the wall and took off in a run, colliding hard against Magnus’ body as his arms wrapped around the warlock. “Magnus.” He breathed against his neck, relief and happiness coursing through him, “You’re here. You’re really here.”Magnus held Alec back just as tightly, “I’m here.”“I hope we’re not too late.” A familiar voice drawled from behind them, “Magnus of course spent  hours  getting all dressed up for you.” Alec raised his head and grinned at Ragnor, whose arm was interlocked with Catarina’s. They both matched each other, Ragnor in a black and green suit and Catarina in a splendid green gown. Alec raised his brow at them, but neither warlock said anything. They walked ahead, into the ballroom, easily falling into place amongst everyone else. And then Magnus was pulling away from Alec. Before Alec could complain, Magnus took his hand and gave him a wicked smile, “Do you think anyone will miss you if I steal you away for an hour or two?”Feeling lighter than he had in weeks, Alec’s grin widened even further, “I’m sure they will. Let’s go.”
A large witchlight chandelier hung above them, outlining them in the otherwise dark room. Alec whimpered softly into Magnus’ neck, his hips rocking gently, Magnus’ cock as deep as it could get inside of him.  “Angel.”  Magnus breathed. His hands were splayed against Alec’s hips, helping him move and making sure Alec kept up the slow pace they’d been going at, “My angel.”With great effort, Alec raised his head. His reward was the deep gold of Magnus’ eyes, darkened with the warlock’s own desire as he watched Alec raise himself up and then sink back down onto his cock. Only Alec was fully undressed- he’d tackled Magnus the moment he’d been free of his own clothes and Magnus had only had enough time to push his trousers down. Magnus’ suit jacket was off, the vest underneath unbuttoned, and he looked like a God reclined on his throne.It was an actual throne. The  King’s throne. The throne room had been unoccupied and the doors were all locked now, but the threat of someone walking in on them was very much a possibility. Alec loved it.“That’s it.” Magnus praised, “So good for me, angel.”Magnus had discovered quite quickly how much Alec loved when he called him that, and he frequently took full advantage of it. Now, it felt as though the word was a direct line to Alec’s cock, with the way it pulsed whenever Magnus said it. He felt overheated, despite his lack of clothing, and his entire body was shaking as he struggled not to increase his pace. Whenever he tried, Magnus would only tighten his grip and force Alec to stop completely. Savor it,  Magnus had said,  I want you to feel everything. Alec wasn’t sure how he could  not  feel everything. Magnus had been gone for three weeks.  Three entire weeks,  where the only contact they’d had was a handful of fire messages, because those were difficult to send in and out of Edom as well, and Alec had to leave the walls of Alicante in order to receive them. He ground himself down against Magnus, feeling the head of Magnus’ cock press against his prostate, and he was unable to stop his head from falling back down to Magnus’ shoulder. Overwhelmed didn’t begin to describe what he was feeling.“You always take me so well.” Magnus murmured, “You were fucking made for this, darling.” Alec couldn’t disagree, “Made for you.”Magnus moaned softly, as if the words were a revelation to him, and slid a hand up to the nape of Alec’s neck. He tugged Alec’s head back up until their eyes met again.“Kiss me.” He said, and Alec was only too happy to oblige.
Afterwards, Alec lay quietly in Magnus’ lap, Magnus’ finger idly tracing shapes against his thigh. Alec was satiated, for now at least. He would undoubtedly be taking advantage of Magnus’ presence a second time tonight, and from the way that Magnus’ cock pressed against him still half hard despite his own orgasm, Magnus felt the same. “I hate being away from you.” Magnus said, “I spend every second of every day thinking of seeing you again.”“I do the same.” Alec murmured. It was true. He kept as busy as he did because if he sat still for any length of time, his thoughts would inevitably stray to Magnus.He knew this was necessary. He knew it was important, and that it wouldn’t be forever, but it still felt so hard sometimes it was like every breath he took without Magnus at his side was forced out of him. “We have more warlocks coming to Edom now.” Magnus said, “We reached out to as many people as we could find. Friends of Ragnor, mostly. Some that Catarina knew of. Most who were living in Brocelind Woods have already moved.”“That’s good.” Alec said. It was. He was glad that the warlocks had a place they could call their own, and that Magnus’ plans were starting to see their way through.Magnus hummed, and added, “Our most recent meeting discussed taking down the wards completely. Nearly everyone was in disagreement. They all think it’s too soon, and they don’t yet trust Idris to such an extent.”“I can’t say I blame them.” Alec said. Things had been different in Idris lately, particularly in Alicante, with those who had witnessed first hand the good that Magnus and the others had done. Word had spread quickly throughout the kingdom of the existence of magic and warlocks amongst them, but where there was genuine curiosity and fascination with magic, there was still the centuries-old fear. That would not disappear overnight, Alec knew. “Maybe things might be different when you’re King.” Magnus continued, “They know you and what you’ve been doing. Ragnor talks quite highly of you.”Alec froze, but tried to hide his reaction with a soft chuckle, “Ragnor? Not you?” Magnus caught on immediately anyway. “Alexander?” He asked, “What is it?”Alec took a deep breath and reluctantly sat up. Magnus watched him with a worried expression, which turned to one of shock as Alec recited the conversation he’d had with Robert.“And what do you think?” Magnus asked when Alec had finished, “What do  you  want?”Alec took a minute to think about. He’d spent his entire life preparing for this role, thinking of all the things he would do when he finally got it, and in the past six months everything he’d ever known had been completely turned in on itself.The person he’d been back then seemed entirely different to who he was now. That Alec had been the Good Son, the Perfect Heir. He’d spent his entire life doing what he was told, and he’d only ever dreamt within that box. Now, the box had been blown away. Now, there was no limit on what he could do, or who he could be. He could be the King that Idris deserved. The one that his ancestors had not been brave enough to be. “I want it.” He admitted in a quiet voice, fully aware of the gravity of what he was saying. Magnus nodded. He reached up and brushed away a lock of hair from Alec’s face, “Then you will have it.”And that was that. Alec would be King. Sooner, rather than later. And he remembered the words Magnus had said to him all those months ago: say it because you want to. Because you feel it with your entire being. Alec felt it now. He’d never before felt something quite so strongly. He let out a shaky breath, “Magnus. I love you.” Magnus’ eyes were the most brilliant shade of gold, “I love you too, my Alexander.”
  